between 1940 and 1960 the amount of mail
doubled in the United States that's
largely because companies begin using
computers to send automated mailings
soon the flood of mails sent by banks
advertisers and other businesses was
overwhelming postal workers the Postal
Service needed a solution in 1963 the
zone improvement plan divided the
country into ten regions and assigned
five digits increasing in specificity
from region two large sorting centers to
smaller post offices where previously
male workers had to figure out which
post office went with which address now
the zip code provided that information
for them the government promoted the new
system with the cartoon character mr.
zip and a new song from the zip code
lovin band called the swinging six
and it worked by 1969 83% of Americans
were using zip codes in between 1971 and
1980 the number of pieces of mail that
were processed per year increased by 17
billion but the system was limited zip
codes are made from digits unlike the
alphanumeric Canadian system which can
encode more information per character as
America grew zip codes got longer in
1983 a four digit suffix was added to
denote specific addresses like city
blocks or large buildings while this
update improved delivery
it requires zip codes to be continually
managed to reflect changing destinations
and delivery routes instead of a system
dependent on structures a geo coded zip
code would be dependent on place this
gives every point on earth a unique
permanent address and geo coded
deliveries can be sent to specific
pickup points at an address more
specificity would also benefit
industries that use zip codes for
purposes other than sending them like
analyzing data in Britain the Postal
Service has already geo coded their
system and blended Realtors have used
that data to make more detailed maps of
housing prices without Geo codes
American addressing is limited to zip
codes and building numbers any further
detail has to be written with the Geo
code sending mail directly to the Oval
Office is as easy as remembering three
eight point eight nine seven three six
zero three minus seven seven point zero
three seven four one six two or not that
easy complex numbers are hard to
remember so systems have been created to
simplify Geo codes one system called
natural area code converts latitudes and
longitudes into an alphanumeric Nakba
which is better but still not great a
different system uses words which we
tend to remember more easily than
characters a company called what three
words has divided the world into 57
trillion squares and given each square a
unique string of 3 words each
combination of words goes with a
specific latitude and longitude if our
postal service used what 3 words you
could send your letter directly to rich
soup noble and the president could pick
it up at the window of the
office while language makes geocodes
easier for humans machines prefer to
process numbers so the zip code probably
will evolve in ways we won't notice
right now computers add delivery
instructions by converting zip codes
into a barcode that is printed on a
shipment in the future a similar process
might incorporate geocoding which would
probably leave us with one question if
we don't need to learn a new system do
we still get a new song
