the Democratic Party is in much greater
peril than its leaders or its supporters
recognized and it has no real plan to
save itself
it's true it seems like it's the
Republican Party that's in crisis with
it's very extreme very unusual candidate
barking carnival act unstable I regret
those comments that he made and it's
true that pollsters believe that the
presidency is more likely than not to
stay Democratic but all that hides
something more important since Obama's
inauguration in 2009 the Democratic
Party has been obliterated at the state
level and it has no plan to make up the
gap so let's rewind to Obama's election
you can see the map looked a lot more
blue back then right back then Democrats
fully controlled twenty state
governments now this is a current map of
state legislatures and four of those
twelve states where Democrats controlled
both houses they have Republican
governors that means Democrats only have
total control in eight states for the 23
states with Republican control that's
been a huge unprecedented wave of
restrictions on abortion the spread of
anti-union right-to-work laws into one's
union friendly territory redrawing of
districts making it tougher to vote
tilting the electorate off balance
richer whiter older and large-scale
layoffs of teachers and other public
sector workers who are likely to support
Democrats now to be fair it's not new
for the party in the white house to lose
states Obama and the Democrats have lost
68 House seats 11 Senate seats 10
governorships and 15 state legislatures
since he became president but every
two-term president has seen numbers go
in that direction because what's called
wave elections a backlash to continued
control by one party and you can see
that pretty clearly in this chart of
state control the country turns strongly
against Democrats in 1994 two years into
vote Clinton's tenure and then turns
strongly in their favor during the
latter half of george w bush's
administration but one problem is that
continuing to keep power will make a
wave election to rebuild democrats on
the state level highly unlikely this
November or the next election 2018 by
that time political scientists would
expect more of a wave against them if
they stay incumbent but another problem
for Democrats is that since Obama has
been successful personally and Clinton
is viewed as like wind
the party's moved left in its national
ideology even though moderately liberal
ideas can actually be enacted in
Congress and that's because Congress
looks pretty similar to the state
legislators charts Democrats haven't
been weaker in Congress since 1949
so policies that are more left-wing
aren't likely to help Democrats win the
house or win in stays now it's true that
this November Donald Trump's
unpopularity could pull some Republican
candidates down across the board but
Democrats counting on that to rebuild
the party need to consider that the vast
majority of Governors and other
statewide elected officials won't even
be on the ballot until 2018 Democrats
are notoriously bad at getting their
base to turnout for midterm elections
and Hillary Clinton is not viewed that
popularly herself so by 2018 Republicans
might have an unpopular president to run
against so while Democrats seem pretty
good at winning presidential elections
they're realistically not going to keep
that streak up forever when they do lose
the presidency Democrats are gonna find
that unlike Republicans they have almost
nothing to fall back on
