if I don't have kids what you what's the
main thing you think I would be missing
well it's really fun to share
experiences it's really fun to see the
world together and when you're my age
you won't have you
but even if I lost you all tragically
somehow it would have been worth it to
me
you kids growing up and making mud pies
just a funny interaction it was like
those memories are so precious to me
somebody very wise once told me that you
know babies grow up in spite of their
parents
I truly believe that I mean I think we
made so many sort of practical mistakes
when we were new parents I don't think
baby said that fragile as a parent
you're more of an observer of your child
and their life and their choices and
their thought process the way they do
things and you don't want to change that
watch it and observe it and embrace it
but you have to just let them be the
only big thing when you open up the
instruction manual is love your child
the effects of not feeling loved or that
the people that are raising you don't
love you or approve of you will
absolutely completely unequivocally
damage a person for the rest of their
life I don't believe they ever get over
it the hardest thing as a parent is
knowing your kid is so unhappy and you
can't fix it I remember dropping you off
at school I don't think was fourth and
fifth grade knowing you were miserable
knowing that it was really hard what
we're considered your disabilities as a
young person those are have turned into
the best features of you and the various
things that have you thriving now I
guess what I would hope is that that we
didn't kill what was best in you beat
you down for being who you were
the biggest thing and maybe was because
we were in a closed adoption was
somebody stealing you so I always kept
you close if I was sweeping the kitchen
floor and looking out those nice big
windows to see you kids playing and
running and arguing and creating I just
thought does it get any better to get
any better than this so the physical of
little cord is cut at but it never is
got to be the mother than a child I
think for me the biggest error in
pregnancy has been my life not fully
being my own anymore
I've already had to make certain changes
to you know accommodate this new life
that's growing inside of me but that was
just the tip of the iceberg
that life is like having a lot of balls
in the air who really ever has balance
I'm glad we did it thank you I love you
love you
you
