let's clear something up Vikings never
wore horned helmets Minnesota Vikings
logo lie Super Nintendo classic the last
Vikings not historically accurate Hagar
the horrible horribly inaccurate an
Elmer Fudd's magic helmet perfect for
rabid killing to human magic helmet it's
a cartoon historians have settled the
question if Vikings wore horned helmets
or not they did not so why do we still
think they did that paper I wrote on
those famous horned helmets is called
the invention of the Viking horned
helmet there's no documentation or
archaeological evidence that the Vikings
wore horned helmets instead the helmets
show up hundreds of years later thanks
to the German composer Richard Wagner
and the very operas that Bugs Bunny
parody professor Frank found very rare
smatterings of earlier illustrations of
Vikings with warns like this one from
1856 but for the most part that the
first horns put on viking head would
have been right after the 1876
performance of the ring of the
Nibelungen that's the Ring cycle
vogner's bombastic marathon four-part
opera
the costume designer was Karl Emile
Durkheim
who created gorgeous designs for
vogner's saga of Norse mythology they
were enormous ly influential and
completely made up
upper-class characters got feathers and
other fancy adornment but the
lower-class characters I found that Karl
Amir Dikhhla Jaa thorns of the heads of
the lower class got barriers to really
understand the horns though you have to
understand wider blur and vogner
bothered with Vikings in the first place
vogner's goal wasn't just to retell
Norse legend but to establish a new
German one through it the German Empire
was in search of a national myth they
wanted their own ancient virgin story
apart from Greek and Roman classical
history the Norse Sagas provided a third
option this happened during a period of
German nationalism and the idea of the
free barbarians strong and true could be
blended with that of thee the Viking the
Great Sea warrior to give you a report
Germany had very little medieval
material the extended aliens head at all
and in a game of historical telephone
the Germans wanted the Norse story to be
their story those horns had appeared in
German drawings of ancient and medieval
warriors
so Vagner cut and pasted from the 1870s
on it became storybook history the
horned helmets quickly showed up around
the world and in the end the helmet did
do something it created a raw and
beautiful image that was completely
mythical it wasn't just some Viking
horns it became in a way a magic helmet
yes magic helmet and I'll give you what
fan one of the things I like about
Frank's paper is that she tracks down
the evidence when it comes to helmets
and you can do that by looking at
different editions of the same story for
example in the original 1861 history of
Burton all there were no viking horned
helmets in the entire book but by 1890
this picture appeared in the first few
pages
