you probably heard a lot of this word
lately radical left us and Tifa thugs
I'm going to botch how it's pronounced
auntie Fong and to see auntie suave and
Tifa yeah and suave and keifa short fur
anti-fascists it's an umbrella term for
a group that shows up a protest to
confront neo-nazis and white
supremacists the dress in all black they
wear masks and they occasionally engage
in violence once again and keifa members
attack peaceful demonstrators the
group's tactics and appearance have
garnered them a lot of media attention
over the past few months
America is waking up to the Menace of
and Tifa
they're known as anti fun they're also
known for being violent but for a group
that's getting so much air time for
being violent and dangerous they're not
causing that much havoc in Berkeley or
about 4,000 people showed up to protest
a white supremacist rally there were a
hundred and Teva nine injuries and a
total of 13 arrests in Boston where
40,000 protesters showed up no major
injuries 33 arrests in Portland
thousands of protesters at opposing
rallies no major injuries 14 arrests
that might sound like a lot but it's
about the number of arrests you'd expect
at a rowdy NFL game and people look
scary but they make up a tiny part of
the protest they show up at so why did
they become such a powerful boogeyman
and protest coverage
what is antifa what is a antifa what is
an tip to understand why the media
focuses on outliers like antifoam I
talked to Doug McLeod he's been studying
the way the media covers protest
movements for basically 30 years
anti-war movement anti-pornography
movement various civil rights movements
anarchist protest abortion protest okay
don't brag you're already in the video
the specific panic about antifa might
see menu but McLeod says it's part of a
much older media problem media coverage
tends to gravitate towards dramatic
video so things like violence is
prominently featured the more radical
looking members of a protest attract the
attention of the news media cameras you
can see the media's fixation on radical
protesters and coverage of a lot of big
protests during the 1999 WTO protests in
Seattle cameras focused on our guests
destroying property a group we
now know as anarchist called the black
bloc began terrorizing the city with
black lives matter in Baltimore peaceful
protests against police brutality were
overshadowed by images of violence and
property damage rioting has broken out
in the street during Occupy Wall Street
reporters focused on protesters who
looked weird or destroyed property
anarchists sprang out of the crowd and
launched this full-on assault you cannot
see public space of thugs and
lawbreakers lawlessness violence filth
now it's Antipa a peaceful counter
protest against racism turned violent
the result is a type of outlier bias
where a small group of violent
protesters ends up dominating news
coverage you saw in Berkeley by any
measurement nine entries in a protest of
4,000 people is an outlier but headlines
fixated on antifa violence instead of
the vast majority of protesters
Berkeley's mayor says it is time to
confront the violent extremism on the
left in other cities images of clergy
and peaceful protesters are overshadowed
by images of isolated violence played on
a loop I would compel you to air the
three hours of footage where we march
through the streets with literally no
violence a lot of this is about ratings
images of violence and property damage
create a spectacle which makes them
really hard to look away from what's
more interesting to watch a bunch of
smiling protesters banging on drums or
Antipa fighting Nazis yeah agreed but
for a lot of reporters it's also about
convenience protests are kind of a
nightmare to cover they're leaderless
disorganized
and often focus on big issues that are
hard to reduce too quick sound bites a
lot of journalists are really trying to
get a story straight and they're trying
to get it out there but they're
operating under a lot of constraints
you're gonna find something you got to
get back and you gotta tell it quickly
those tight constraints mean a lot of
journalists rely on official sources for
quick summaries of what happened got a
get a quote from the police chief which
means that a lot of protests coverage
gets told from the perspective of law
enforcement who broke the law who was
arrested who are police worried about
the police chief is concerned about
today's influx of anarchist protesters
oftentimes the protested group is
ignored in favor of this kind of clash
between protesters and the police that
outlier bias
has a big effect on how viewers at home
think of protesters as audience members
we make inferences based on that small
appropriate sample they all must be wild
they all must be violent they all must
dress this way
and it really creates this sort of false
sample of who those protesters really
are that false sample creates an
unwinnable situation for protest
movements in the age of Fox News images
of violence and property damage get
played on a loop to demonize protesters
as dangerous and illegitimate windows
burning buildings beating people up if
disagree with them the normalisation
really by the left of police hatred and
their the war on cops this happens even
without Fox News's health media fixation
on the most extreme members of a protest
can make the public turn on protesters
as a whole this is not populism this is
maybe anarchism so that can turn off
viewers where people become angry and
hostile and kind of averse to protest
well they're not valid
I might even support some of their issue
positions but I can't abide by the
nature of that violence that kind of
coverage can also build public support
for aggressive police crackdowns like
the ones we saw in Ferguson and
Baltimore what is stopping Michael
Bloomberg from enforcing the law and
cleaning up this health hazard called
Occupy Wall Street they did a soul cuff
to try to kill him the cops will use
deadly physical force and do what they
have to do to bring peace back to that
community we have police who are not
doing their job they're allowing an Tifa
to enter this park opposition's
will start calling for the police to
take some action it's time to start
restoring order to our communities and
stop this lawlessness and that can kind
of embolden the police officers who were
initially passive into being more active
combatants in the conflict but the most
frustrating thing about this kind of
coverage is that it shifts focus away
from what protesters are actually
organizing about it forces us into an
endless debate about tactics over
substance what does that get you
smashing the windows of a Starbucks or
the Nike store what's the point
aren't you becoming a public nuisance
there's no excuse for that kind of
violence right are you at all concerned
though but the rise in violence that
violence begets violence begets violence
and
tends to shut us down to ideas violence
not good it's scary it's threatening we
stop listening to the protesters so
instead of confronting big issues like
globalization or police brutality or
white supremacy we get think piece after
think piece about whether protesters are
going too far when you think you're
punching Nazis you don't realize that
you're also punching your cause ground
breaking this isn't to say you shouldn't
care about violence or property damage
but you should be wary of how you're
reacting to a biased sample news cameras
are always looking for the worst most
radical people who decide to show up to
a protest but those outliers don't offer
you meaningful information about who
most protesters are what they're
protesting about or whether they're
right those are the questions that
actually matter and they're the ones
that get lost and endless debates about
fringe groups like antiva
