there is some big space news coming in
the next year it'll be on the front
pages of the newspapers and all over the
internet because if everything goes
according to plan we will be getting the
first ever picture of a black hole
physicists calculated centuries ago that
an object with enough gravity could trap
even light but black holes have been
hard to observe up close because they're
either too small too far away or both to
see the supermassive black hole at the
center of our galaxy it would be like
taking a photograph of a DVD on the
surface of the Moon the mass of the
Milky Way's central black hole is over 4
million times greater than our Sun but
its diameter is just 17 times larger and
most black holes are smaller than that
that's why every image you've seen of a
black hole up close well those are
illustrations made by artists but if
astronomers haven't observed black holes
directly why are they fairly certain
that they exist
well they've observed the effects of
black holes on other things like these
stars at the center of our galaxy so
this is a time-lapse of over 16 years
worth of observations of stars near the
center of our Milky Way galaxy and it's
been sped up by a factor of some 32
million times this is a lot of time over
just a couple of seconds and what is
showing is that these stars are
seemingly orbiting something in the
center of our galaxy the only known
object that could cause those orbits and
that would be so small is a supermassive
black hole another way to spot black
holes is by the glowing material
spiraling toward their event horizon or
the point of no-return friction heats
this matter up tens of millions of
degrees and anything that hot emits
x-rays that we can observe here's a pair
of galaxies that pass through each other
there are at least nine small but active
black holes here but you can only see
them when you look at the x-ray layer
and these dots are x-ray sources from
supermassive black holes at the center
of galaxies three to ten billion
light-years away and that's just from
this small patch of sky
some super massive black holes also
shoot off gigantic Jets of particles at
nearly the speed of light
seen here in radio wave data from the
galaxy m87 which has a much much bigger
black hole than the one in the center of
the Milky Way sometimes black holes at
the center of galaxies can shoot off
Jets of material that are larger than
the galaxies themselves the Jets don't
come out of the black hole rather they
seem to result from nearby matter
interacting explosively with the spin of
the black hole no other known source of
energy could power these things over
time these Jets create huge lobes of
particles that glow in radio waves but
aren't visible in optical light you can
see them surrounding this galaxy cluster
2.6 billion light-years away the x-ray
layer shows how the Jets from the black
hole in the central galaxy displaced
some of the hot gas nearby and just to
give you a sense of how big this is our
entire galaxy could fit several times
over inside these gas cavities the
historic first picture of a black hole
won't be of one of these super active
monsters though they're targeting our
own black hole at the center of the
Milky Way which flares up occasionally
but is relatively quiet and they're
doing it by creating what's called in
the event horizon telescope which is
this worldwide effort to kind of link up
a lot of different radio telescopes
around the world they're looking at
radio waves rather than optical light so
that they can see through the thick
clouds of gas and dust near the galactic
center the researchers will correlate
the waveforms from the distant
telescopes to boost the signal and quiet
the noise there's so much data involved
that it has to be flown on airplanes but
once it gets translated into an image
they expect to see a dark round
silhouette surrounded by bright matter
swirling around the event horizon and
it'll be brighter on the side where the
matter is moving toward us and if they
see something else entirely
well that could be even more interesting
well I can say here is I don't know what
we're gonna see I by the way that's a
that's a disclaimer about all of this I
have no idea we're gonna see it with
this right which is part of the reason
we get up in the morning right because
we knew we were going to see the
engineering and but the reason it's
science because we don't know but we can
put ourselves in a good position to do
is to have high signal-to-noise ratio
data and that is what I am increasingly
convinced that we're going to have
