on November 13th gunmen and bombers
attacked a number of locations
throughout Paris they killed over a
hundred and twenty people and wounded an
even larger number Sookie said Audrey
yay happy satanic to the Gail Isis
otherwise known as the Islamic state
claimed responsibility for these attacks
a group of believers from the soldiers
of the Caliphate set out targeting the
capital of prostitution and vice the
lead carrier of the Cross in Europe
Paris in the past Isis really hasn't
launched a major terrorist attacks
abroad Isis's basic goal was holding on
to its territory in Iraq and Syria why
change your strategy now one theory
according to the Brookings Institution's
will McCants
is that they're trying to warn off their
enemies abroad recently Isis has been
losing territory bombing from the us-led
coalition which includes France has hurt
the group so Isis is a problem it has
strong foreign militaries that are
fighting against it and it doesn't have
a good way to fight back at them so one
theory according to McCann's is that the
attack in Paris the means of showing
these enemies that Isis will hurt them
if they keep attacking him evidence for
this theory includes the fact that Isis
recently attacked a part of Lebanon the
that's a Hezbollah stronghold Hezbollah
is a Lebanese militia that is fighting
on the same side as the Shar all Assad
in Syria nominally in Isis enemy
similarly there's strong suspicion that
Isis bombed a Russian civilian airliner
in Egypt so the idea here is that Isis
wants to show potential enemies then you
will pay a price if you attack Isis in
Syria and drunk so if Isis attacked
Paris it might not have been out of
strength it might have been out of weak
