that's the board it's gold and classy
kids for three to four players aged and
old the smallest bill is ten million
dollars the rent gets paid from the bank
not by you
servers also a Trump strategy I think
that's one way to interpret it I think
it says he's more into expansionary
monetary policy everyone starts with I
believe 500 million buildings yeah it's
like for instance if you start life with
a gigantic inheritance from your father
who's also Trump and then forever you're
just playing with all that money when
you're bidding on a property and we'll
get to that anyone and knock someone
else out of the bidding you've played
them you're fired card like a bidding
works it's I don't know there are four
the Donald cards in the deck the only
thing that can defeat at your fire card
is of the Dom when did you get the tea
you're allowed to choose another player
and steal one of their trump cards don't
know why Trump associates and so forth
how do we do that okay the game ends
when all of the properties have been
bought and the winner in the game as in
life is the person with the most money
I just spent two hundred and seventy
million dollars on this Akron hotel like
we're playing the second edition is my
understanding you can imagine it like
the first edition of this game actually
maybe had some type of like intellectual
structure to it and then by this second
edition we're now we've got these youth
you're fired cards inexplicably but it's
a part of his new persona so I think
really what we want to be doing is
playing the third game and maybe we
could call Hasbro about that this
country doesn't have time for political
correctness card yeah
or like you lose a bunch of sponsors
because you said some races about
immigrants yeah but you maybe you picked
up a hundred million supporters
