we all got rooftops and we just started
shooting so I launched grenades into a
fixed point if there was an insurgent
or a mother of ten or an astronomer or a
future Nobel prize-winning scientist or
a murderer or rapist like it in a matter
was there they were they're going to
catch that so it's all the moral mess of
difficult experiences war dishes them up
in spades and it's the processing that
can bring on enormous moral anxiety and
a lot of moral hurt that's really what
moral injury is
you deploy somewhere like a rock and
everything's really really gray but you
learn to see it in black and white I
have to make these decisions in a moral
vacuum you know those those instant ones
like this guy that's working across the
road do I shoot them or not the guy
moved from from left to right in my view
he crossed the street I think I hit him
twice like gonna start on then like the
side area so what's tough about that is
like you something like that happens and
you're relieved but you don't think
about what did that mean a year passes
or three or four years pass what does I
do that guy like what does that mean
there can be this dissonance you know I
thought I was a good person a good woman
a good man and Here I am killing my
counterpart that that hits the part of
the brain that doesn't quiet itself
easily the morals and the right and
wrong and the things that make you a
good person or a bad person or just a
person or out of the equation but then
you come back in those things those
things are reapplied how am i someone
who like gives to nonprofits and goes to
church and you know helps people out of
need but also that guy who had somebody
who was not even sure they were a bad
guy his moral essence knocking on the
door saying why did you do this why did
you do that can you have done this
better can you have done that better
it's just always kind of humming in the
background my set of moral values are
different than when I was 22 years old
getting in gunfights using the same
moral lens is it's it's bad news it just
doesn't work and
it it'll take you to some dark places
traitor
