one of the things that I'd like to do
over these next couple of years is is to
try to erase this very sharp line
between our military efforts in national
security and our diplomatic and foreign
assistance efforts because in this
environment today we've got to think of
it all as one piece if you look at our
foreign assistance as a tool in our
national security portfolio as opposed
to charity and you combined our defence
budget overall with our diplomatic
budget and our foreign assistance budget
and in that mix there's a lot more we
should be doing when it comes to helping
Honduras and Guatemala build a effective
criminal justice system effective police
and economic development that creates
jobs so you're saying it would make
sense to reallocate those resources well
and part of the challenge here is just
public awareness you know time and time
again when they do surveys and they ask
people and what proportion of the
federal budget is spent on foreign aid
they'll say you know 25 percent that
they're pretty sure that all their
hard-earned money that they're paying in
taxes is somehow going to other folks
and right now it's varies between one
two percent depending on how you define
it if we were to make some strategic
investments in countries that really
could use our help we would then not
have to deploy our military as often we
would be in a better position to work
with other countries to stamp out
violent extremism
you
