so let's begin with the economy we're in
a point where the economy is growing
right we have very high corporate
profits we have a record stock market
and yet for decades now we've not been
seeing significant wage increases for
the American people how we got into a
point where we can have high corporate
profits and businesses can be doing so
well but the workers don't necessarily
share in that prosperity well this has
been a at least a three decade long
trend and this was a major topic in my
State of the Union address
we obviously came in at a time of
enormous crisis and the first task was
making sure that we didn't have a
complete global economic meltdown the
steps that we took whether making sure
the financial system was functioning
saving the auto industry you know
encouraging state and local spending all
those things made a difference in going
the economy then it's been a hard but
steady slog to the point where now we're
growing at a robust pace unemployment
has come down faster than any time in
the last thirty years in some ways we're
now back to the position where we can
focus on what is this longer-term trend
and that is a larger and larger share of
wealth and income going to the very top
and the middle class or folks trying to
get in the middle class feeling
increasingly squeezed because their
wages have stagnated now there are a
whole bunch of reasons for that some of
it has to do with technology and entire
job sectors being eliminated travel
agents bank tellers a lot of middle
management because of efficiencies with
the internet and a paperless office a
lot of it has to do with globalization
and the rest of the world's catching up
post-world War two we had just some
enormous structural advantages because
our competitors had been devastated by
war and and we had also made investments
that put us ahead of the curve whether
in education or infrastructure or
research and development around the 70s
and 80s and then accelerating beyond
that those advantages went away at the
same time as because technologies
companies are getting a lot more
efficient and one last component of this
is that workers increasingly had less
leverage because of changes in labor
laws and to the ability of capital to
move in labor not to move you combine
all that stuff and it's put workers in a
tougher position so our job now is to
create additional tools that number one
make sure that everybody's got a
baseline of support to be able to
succeed in a constantly moving economy
whether it's healthcare that survives
job loss whether it is making sure that
we have childcare that allows a two
working household family to you know
prosper while still caring for their
kids having a certain baseline in terms
of wages through the minimum wage so
that's one set of issues a second set of
issues then becomes how do we make sure
that everybody has the tools to succeed
in a economy where they're going to
constantly have to adapt and how do they
move up the the value chain essentially
because they can work in higher wage
higher skill professions and we're able
to compete for those jobs
internationally now the third thing is
making sure that we've got economy that
that's productive now if we do all those
things then what I'm confident about is
is that we can continue to lower the
unemployment rate increase the
participation rate and continue to grow
and increase productivity we're still
going to have a broader longer-term
global question and that is how do we
make sure that the folks at the very top
are doing enough of their fair share the
the winner-take-all aspect of this
modern economy you know means that
you've got some people who just control
enormous amounts of wealth and we don't
resent their success on the other end
just as a practical matter if we're
going to pay for schools roads etc and
you've got you know 50 people there are
80 people heaven as much wealth as 3
billion you know you're gonna have
problems making sure that we're
investing enough and the common good to
be able to move and move forward so
that's a long-term question but right
now there's some very specific things we
can do that makes a difference and can
help middle-class families and that's
why I called it middle-class economics
they focus a bit on that long term
question does this put us in a place
long-term where redistribution becomes
in a sense
positive good in and of itself that you
have a an economy or potentially you
have the government playing the role not
of powering the growth engine which is a
lot of what had to be done out of the
financial crisis but of making sure that
while that growth engine is running it
is ensuring that enough of the gains and
prosperity is shared that the political
support for a fundamental economic model
remains strong well yeah that's that's
always been the case I don't think
that's entirely new I'm in fact of the
matter is is that relative to our
post-war history taxes now are not
particularly high or particularly
progressive compared to what they were
say and the late 50s or or the 60s you
know there's always been this notion
that for a country to thrive there are
some things as Lincoln said that we do
better together than we can do for
ourselves whether that's building roads
or setting up you know effective power
grids or making sure that we've got high
quality public education and the
teachers pay are paid enough and the
market will not cover those things and
we've got to do them together basic
research falls in that category so
that's always been true I think that
part of what's changed is that a lot of
that burden for making sure that the pie
was broadly shared took place before
government even got involved if you have
stronger unions so then you had higher
wages if you added a corporate culture
that felt a sense of place and
commitment so that the CEO you know was
in Pittsburgh or was in Detroit and felt
obliged partly because the social
pressure but partly because they felt a
real affinity for the
to reinvest in that community and to be
seen as a good corporate citizen you
know today what you have is quarterly
earning reports you have compensation
levels for CEOs that are tied directly
to those quarterly earnings
you've got international capital that is
demanding maximum maximizing you know
short-term profits and so what happens
is is that a lot of the distributional
questions that that used to be handled
in the marketplace through decent wages
or healthcare or defined benefit pension
plans those things all are eliminated
and you know the average employee the
average worker doesn't feel any benefit
you know part of our job is what can
government do directly through tax
policy you know what we've proposed for
example in terms of how we treat capital
gains that would make a big difference
in our capacity than to give a tax break
to a working mom for childcare that's
smart policy and that there's no
evidence that that would hurt the
incentives of folks at Google or
Microsoft or uber not to invent what
they invent or provide services they
provide it just means that instead of
you know twenty billion dollars maybe
they've got eighteen right but it does
mean that that mom can go to work
without worrying that our kids not in a
safe place but we also still have to
focus on the front end which is you know
even before taxes are paid you know are
there ways that we can increase the the
bargaining power and making sure that an
employee has some measurable increases
in their incomes and their wealth and
their security as a consequence of an
economy that's improving and and that's
where issues like you know labor laws
make a difference that's where say in
shareholder meetings
and trying to change the culture in
terms of compensation that at the
corporate level those things could make
a difference and there's been some
interesting conversations globally
around issues like inclusive capitalism
and and you know how we can make it work
for everybody when you drill into that
pre-tax portion one thing you often find
in wages is health care costs yeah and
when you drill deeper into the health
care costs one thing you find is that a
major piece of why Americans pay so much
more is it when we go to a hospital an
MRI or an appendectomy or even a bottle
of cholesterol drugs or just cost much
more for an American vibe and it does in
Germany in Japan or Canada and Great
Britain why do you think Americans pay
so much higher health care prices in
folks in other countries well you know
they I mean there are a lot of theories
about this but I think the the the
evidence points to a couple of key
factors one is we got a third party
system mostly we've got a system where
everybody gets their health insurance
through their employers obviously the
Affordable Care Act Obamacare helps to
cover the gap for those who aren't in
that system but for those of us who have
an insurer
you know we don't track it and the
market then becomes really opaque and
and really hard to penetrate and you
know health providers are able to I
think charge without much fear that
somebody's looking over their shoulders
and asking well why is this cost that
much so that's part of it that's one of
the reasons why the Affordable Care Act
a lot of the attention has been on
making sure that the uninsured have
peace of mind and that people who
currently have insurance but at some
point might lose it or have pre-existing
conditions are going to have it that's a
obviously the the moral basis for what
we did but people haven't been paying as
much attention to a lot of the delivery
system reforms that we're trying to
institute through the Affordable Care
Act as well I can't take credit for for
all four years of the lowest health care
inflation in the last
that we've seen since the Affordable
Care Act passed some of the trends I
think were already on their way but we
are accelerating a lot of reforms for
example you know what do we do to make
sure that instead of paying a doctor or
a hospital for just providing a service
you know let's make sure that they're
being rewarded for a good outcome which
may mean in some cases fewer tests or a
less expensive generic drug or just
making sure all your employees wash
their hands so that you're cutting the
infection rate or you know making sure
that hospitals are reimbursed when
there's a lower readmissions rate as
opposed to when they're doing more stuff
and and using Medicare as a lever I
think is creating an environment in the
healthcare field where you know we can
you know start getting better outcomes
and you know lower costs at the same
time now there's you know there's still
going to be those who argue that unless
you got a single-payer system you're
never going to get all the efficiencies
yeah there's certain areas like drugs
where the fact that you know Congress
has not and the Republican Party in
particular has been resistant to letting
drug makers and Medicare negotiate for
the lowest price you know results in us
paying a lot more than we should but you
know if we're paying four five six eight
percent more than other countries for
the same outcomes I'd be pretty happy if
we just get to the point where we're
only paying two or three percent more
because that represents hundreds of
billions of dollars and means that we
can do a lot with that money when you
talk about Medicare as a lever Medicare
tends to pay a lot less per service and
private insurance by a margin right
before single-payer there's all those
there's also this idea you hear
occasionally of letting private insurers
band
together with Medicare with Medicaid or
to jointly negotiate right prices do you
think that's a good idea
you know I think that moving in the
direction where consumers and you know
others can can have more power in the
marketplace particularly when it comes
to comes to drugs makes a lot of sense
now you'll hear from the drug companies
that you know part of the reason other
countries pay less for drugs is they
don't innovate we essentially through
our system subsidize the innovation and
other countries are Free Riders and
there's probably a little bit of truth
to that but when you look at the number
of breakthrough drugs and the amount of
money that drug companies now are
putting into research and where they're
putting it a whole lot of it is actually
in redesigning modestly existing drugs
so that they can renew patents and
maintain higher prices and higher
profits that's not entirely true but
there's some of it so there is a lot of
savings that could be achieved while
still making sure that our drug industry
is the best in the world and you know
we'll still be making a healthy profit
to turn a bit towards politics at this
point according to polls you are the
most polarizing president really since
we began polling but before you the
record was set by George W Bush right
before church record is set by Bill
Clinton or it seems that there is
something structural happening there in
terms of party polarization in the way
it affects approval ratings and
cooperation with presidents say in your
State of the Union
you struck back at critics who say that
the idea of healing some of these
divisions is naive or impossible so when
you welcome your successor into office
what would you tell them there is worth
trying but you think and still work it
would reduce the polarization well there
are a couple of things that in my mind
at least contribute to our politics
being more polarized than people
actually are and I think most people
just sense this in their daily life say
everybody's got a
a family member or a really good friend
from high school who is come on the
complete opposite side of the political
spectrum and yet we still love them
right and you everybody goes to a soccer
game and watching their kids and
coaching and they see parents who they
think are wonderful people and then if
they you know made a comment about
politics suddenly you go I can't believe
you you think that but a lot of it has
to do with the fact that a the
balkanization of the media means that we
just don't have a common place where we
get common facts in a common worldview
the way we did 20-30 years ago and that
just keeps on accelerating and I'm not
the first to observe this but yeah
you've got the Fox News rush limbaugh
folks and then you got the MSNBC folks
and the I don't know where Fox falls
into that but you guys are I guess for
the Brainiac nerd types but the point is
is that technology which brings the
world to us also allows us to narrow our
point of view that's contributed to it
gerrymandering contributes to it there's
no incentive for most members of
Congress on the house side at least in
congressional districts to even bother
trying to appeal and a lot of it has to
do with just unlimited money so people
are absorbing mannan tirely different
reality when it comes to politics even
though the way they're living their
lives and interacting with each other
isn't that polarized so my advice to the
future a future president is to
increasingly try to bypass the the
traditional venues that create divisions
and try to find new venues within this
new media that are quirkier less
predictable you know yesterday I did
three interviews with YouTube stars that
generally don't spend a lot of time
talking about politics and the reason we
did it is because they're reaching
viewers who
don't want to be put in some particular
camp on the other hand when you talk to
them very specifically about college
costs or about health care or about any
of the other things that touch on their
individual lives it turns out that you
can probably build a pretty good
consensus now that doesn't ignore the
fact that you know I would love to see
you know some constitutional process
that would allow us to actually regulate
campaign spending the way we used to or
and maybe even improve it I'd love to
see you know changes at the state level
that reduced political gerrymandering so
there all kinds of structural things I'd
like to see that I think would it would
improve this but the other been periods
in the past would have been pretty
polarized I think there just wasn't
polling around as I recall there was a
whole civil war that was pretty a good
example of a polarization that took
place here do you think that if we don't
get some of those structural reforms and
more to the point if we sort of continue
along this path in terms of where the
parties are in Congress are there ways
to govern with polarization it occurs to
me that your argument when you came to
office but before you Bush was a uniter
not a divider before him Clinton who is
going to moderate and change the
Democratic Party with this sort of Third
Way approach the last couple of
presidents have come to office promising
the way they would get things done is to
reduce polarization is there an argument
or an approach that can be made to
govern amidst polarization I a couple
observations number one is that in
American history even during the
so-called golden age where you know you
had liberal Republicans and conservative
Democrats and there was deal cutting
going on in Congress generally speaking
big stuff didn't get done unless there
was a major crisis or you had a and or
you had big majorities of one-party
control in the Congress and a president
of the same party I mean that's just
been the history there have been
exceptions but you know that's that's
often been the case in terms of big
muscle movements in the political system
and you know my first two years in
office when I had a Democratic majority
in a Democratic House and Democratic
Senate you know we were as productive as
any time since Lyndon Johnson and when
the majority went away stuff got blocked
probably the one thing that we could
change without a constitutional
amendment that would make a difference
here would be the elimination of the
routine use of the filibuster in the
Senate I think that does in a era in
which the parties are more polarized in
almost ensure greater gridlock and less
clarity in terms of the positions of the
parties and you know there's nothing the
Constitution that requires it the
framers were pretty good about designing
a house a Senate two years versus six
year terms every state getting two
senators you know there were a whole
bunch of things in there to assure that
a majority didn't just run rampant the
filibuster in this modern age probably
just torques it too far in the direction
of a majority party not being able to
govern effectively and move forward it's
platform and I think that's an area
where we could make some improvement one
of the powerful thing that's happened as
polarization has increased politically
is it's begun structuring people's other
identities and the one I'm particularly
interested in here is race if you look
back at polling around the OJ Simpson
verdict or the Bernhard Goetz shooting
in New York Republicans and Democrats we
basically couldn't tell them apart now
you look at the Zimmerman verdict or you
look at what's going on in Ferguson and
opinion on racial issues is very sharply
split by the party do you worry about
the merging of sort of racial and
partisan identity you know I don't worry
about that because I don't think that's
gonna last I worry very much about the
immediate consequences of mistrust
between police and minority communities
I think there are things we can do to
train our police force and make
that you know everybody's being treated
fairly and the task force that I
assigned after the Ferguson in New York
cases is intended to produce very
specific tools for us to to to deal with
it but over the long term I'm pretty
optimistic and the reason is because
this country just becomes more and more
of a hodgepodge of folks and at the
again this is an example of where things
seem very polarized at the national
level and media spotlight but you go
into communities and one of the great
things about being president is you
travel through the entire country and
you know you go to Tennessee and turns
out like you've got this huge Kurdish
community hinge and you go to you know
some little town in Iowa and you know
you see some you know acidic Jewish
community and then you see a bunch of
interracial you know black and white
couples running around with their kids
and then this is in these little you
know farm communities and you've got you
know Latinos in the classroom when you
visit the schools there and so people I
think are getting more and more
comfortable with the diversity of this
country much more sophisticated about
both the cultural differences but more
importantly the the basic commonality
that we have and you know the key is to
make sure that our politics and our
politicians are tapping into that better
set impulses rather than our base or
fears you know my gut tells me and and
I've seen obviously in my own career but
I you know you see it generally that a
politician who who plays on those fears
in America I don't think it's going to
over time get a lot of get a lot of
traction yeah it's not a
perfect analogy but you know if you
think about how rapidly the whole issue
of the LGBT community and discriminated
nation against gays and lesbians has
shifted I mean the Republican Party even
the most conservative they have much
less ability I think to they express
discriminatory views than they did even
ten years ago and that's a source
optimism makes me makes me hopeful on
Obamacare
something that members of your
administration have always said I think
that you may have said is there's been a
lot of language about it being a good
start a platform to begin building it's
full of experiments yeah is it there'll
be learning and there will be change
it's been going now we're in the second
year open enrollment right what would
you like to see if Congress were able to
take up a bill to tweak to improve a
change to build on that platform what
specifically from either what you wanted
in there originally or what we've
learned since it's actually been
operation how would you like to see it
improved well you know I'm not sure
Ezra that we've got enough years of it
being in place to know perfectly what
needs to be improved where there's still
gaps you know it's been a year so far
the verdict is that this thing is
working for a lot of people you've got
ten million people who've been enrolled
you get more folks who have been signed
up for the expanded Medicaid coverage
you've seen health care inflation stay
low or actually be significantly lower
than before the ACA was passed
satisfaction when the insurance seems to
be high we haven't seen major
disruptions in the medical system that
that a lot of people had predicted so
there's a lot of stuff that's working
over time I think seeing if we can do
more on delivery system reform making
sure that you know we fill the gaps in
those states that haven't X
and Medicaid I mean the big problem we
have right now with Obamacare is that it
was designed to make sure that some
subset of people qualified for Medicaid
and that's how they were gonna get
coverage and then others were gonna go
into the exchanges because they had
slightly higher incomes because of the
decision of the Roberts Court that we
couldn't incentivize states to expand
Medicaid the way we had originally
intended you've got a lot of really big
states you have tens of millions of
people who aren't able to get their
Medicaid coverage and so there's this
gap and that's probably the biggest
challenge for us the good news is that
in dribs and drabs much as was true with
the original Medicaid program you're
starting to see Republican governors and
Republican state legislatures realize
that yeah we're cutting our nose to
spite our face right we got an
ideological objection to us helping our
own constituencies and our own health
care systems and you know to their
credit you know you got folks like John
Kasich in Ohio and Snyder in Michigan
and now most recently a governor up in
Alaska and others who were saying you
know what there's the right thing to do
let's let's go ahead and expand it so
until that kind of settles I don't think
we'll fully know where there's still
gaps in coverage what more we still need
to do but I think that so far at least
the performance of the plans itself not
the website in the first three months
but the performance of the actual plans
you know has at least met and perhaps
exceeded a lot of people's expectations
the website by the way works great now
I'm gonna tag out and let Matt in but
thank you very much taking place are
really enjoyable
