how to help hack the holidays for health
the holidays are a time to let loose you
return to the comfort of your family
home put on a big pair of pants and eat
until those pants get tight but studies
show that Americans gained a pound on
average over the holidays that may not
sound like much except they don't lose
it the next year which means that over a
lifetime all those holiday indulgences
really add up now thanks to modern
behavioral scientists Brian Duensing
you can use these tips and tricks to eat
less without even trying step 1 avoid
serving dinner family-style at all cost
when Sync found that people who served
from their stove or counter ate 19
percent less food to those serving
themselves right off the table if you
must eat family-style he suggests
keeping lids and covers on bowls to make
getting seconds two thirds a little more
difficult
step 2 trick yourself into choosing
healthy options did you know you're
three times more likely to eat the first
food you see than the fifth one
according to Wensink so put salads and
vegetables first step 3 destroy all evil
short fat glasses and replace them with
tall slender glasses look at these two
glasses we tend to pour about 32% more
into the one on the left than the one on
the right even though both glasses hold
the same amount of liquid this could
help stop you from pouring on those
pounds step 4
carefully coordinate plates to be the
opposite color of your food in one study
wham sinks gave students either a red or
a white plate and allowed them to serve
themselves either red marinara pasta or
white alfredo pasta the students who put
white pasta on a white plate or red
pasta on a red plate
818 percent more than nose with opposite
color plates and foods step 5
exorcise the evil large plates from your
house and replace them with tiny plates
it turns out that life is just a game of
perspective so a three ounce portion of
Turkey will look big on a 10 inch plate
but relatively small on a 12 inch plate
and finally step 6
wrap your unhealthy leftovers in
aluminum foil and healthy leftovers in
plastic and glass when zinc found that
food obscured by aluminum foil is hard
to see and less likely to get eaten
happy holidays and happy health hacking
