doctors they help you when you sick but
they also need expensive training before
they can get their degrees so they end
up being really expensive to visit and
lots of medical problems aren't that
serious maybe a nurse could help with
them instead studies showed that for
routine care needs outcomes for patients
treated by licensed nurse practitioners
are actually no different from those
treated by doctors and the patient's
actually enjoyed the experience with
nurses more so why don't more people
skip the doctor and go see a nurse
instead in 19 states and DC where nurse
practitioners have full practice rights
they actually do but in California Texas
New York Florida and other states where
most Americans live they have much
stricter rules about what nurses are
allowed to do with their own these
regulations pop up in blue states and
they pop up in red states and the
rationale is always patient safety
despite those studies in 2010 the
Institute of Medicine a federally
chartered independent scientific
advisory group strongly recommended that
the other states move to liberate their
nurse practitioners but the real
political problem is that nurses are
cheaper Medicare pays them 15% less than
it pays doctors and MDS don't want the
competition but as America expands the
number of people with health insurance
we need to expand our capacity to
deliver health care to people without
breaking the bank that means building a
regulatory system that's actually about
defending patient safety rather than
defending doctors income
