he spoke about acts that he had seen in
pornographic films involving such
matters as women having sex with animals
and film showing group sex or rape
scenes this is a clip from the 1991
hearing of Anita Hill the law professor
who accused then Supreme Court nominee
Clarence Thomas of sexually harassing
her while working as her supervisor over
the course of three days Hill was
bombarded with questions meant to
highlight inconsistencies in her story
you have added during the course of your
testimony today two new witnesses when
you talk to the FBI there was one
witness the witness did not say anything
to the FBI about the described size of
his penis the goal of these questions
wasn't to prove Thomas was innocent he
was approved that Hill's memory was
faulty how reliable is your testimony on
events that occurred eight ten years ago
how sure can you expect this committee
to be on the accuracy of your statements
soon enough senators were suggesting
that Hill might be imagining things
I'm convinced that such are the product
of fantasy close quote would you care to
comment on that Orrin Hatch even
suggested she had confused her real life
with a scene from The Exorcist never see
the movie and it worked by the end of
the hearing more Americans supported
Thomas than had before Hill had
testified and he was confirmed to the
Supreme Court I think that her
credibility has been demolished 20 years
later
history is repeating itself another
woman is being grilled over her
allegations against a Supreme Court
nominee she could not recall key detail
he's already told The Washington Post
she can't remember various details we're
supposed to believe that she precisely
remembers that Cavanaugh is the
assailant when she can't even say where
the assault of place but this fixation
on how well a victim can remember
exactly what happened to them it's
bullshit and experts say it's getting in
the way of us take incredible sexual
assault allegations seriously
in the weeks since Christine Blasi Ford
accused Brett Kavanaugh of sexually
assaulting her at a high-school party a
lot of attention has been paid to Ford's
memory of the event Ford admits that she
can't remember some important details
like the exact date of the party whose
house it was at or how she got there
notes taken by Ford's therapist in 2012
also state four boys were in the room
during the time of the assault but Ford
says there were two and says the
discrepancy was due to an error on the
therapists part those gaps and
inconsistencies have triggered a barrage
of speculation about whether Ford's
memory can actually be trusted how
reliable is a memory from 1982 she can't
tell you where it was how she got there
a Washington Post columnist even
suggested that board might have
Cavanaugh confused with a look-alike
asking is there a Cavanaugh doppelganger
good you can see this focus on memory
especially on Fox News this is nothing
she's not sore when it happened where it
happened alleged victim does not know
the address a date the owner of the
house why this chart shows that box
talked about Ford's allegations in the
context of memory more often than the
other cable news networks and it's easy
to guess why why we have this
expectation that for an allegation to be
credible the victim has to be able to
recall exactly what happened to them in
detail most of us think memory works
like a video camera accurately recording
events we see in here so that we can
review them later so if a victim can't
remember certain details we view them as
suspicious after all if they can't
remember everything how can they even be
sure they got raped but if you talk to
experts who study memory they all see
the same thing that's not how it works
human memory is faulty we're prone to
forget or miss remember information even
if we experienced it clearly and I could
show you a study on this or we could
just do an experiment I started this
video by showing you a clip of the Anita
Hill hearing do you remember what Hill
was wearing who was the first senator
you saw speaking what year was the
hearing in are you sure you saw the clip
now you might be thinking yeah but if I
was getting harassed or assaulted I
would remember more but actually the
opposite
you tend to narrow your focus when
you're in a traumatic situation there's
certain parts of it you remember better
and other parts that your brain said
that's peripheral I gotta focus on
staying alive it's worth remembering
what Ford is accusing Kavanaugh of she
says he pinned her down groped her and
covered her mouth she worried that he
might inadvertently kill her imagine
trying to remember that anita hill clip
if you watched it while fearing for your
life in a piece for Time magazine
researchers James hopper and David Lisak
explained that intense fear affects the
hippocampus impairing our ability to
store contextual information like the
layout of a room or the passage of time
this doesn't mean memories are useless
victims remember big core details about
what happened to them but they often
recall those memories in ways that look
suspicious to the rest of us many
survivors try not to think about what
happened to them
and so when people start to ask them
very detailed questions it is not
unusual for there to be some
inconsistencies details of that day
before or after may not be clear in
their mind but the part that they are
clear occurred would be the violation in
one survey researchers asked people who
had experienced attempted or completed
rape to recall their experiences and
then compared their stories to people
describing other intense experiences the
study found that memories of rape were
rated as less clear and vivid less
likely to occur in a meaningful order
and less well remembered than other
intense memories if people are expecting
that a victim should be able to just
replay a video and describe it the same
every time that's not how the brain
works and that's not how the brain works
for any kind of trauma not just sexual
assault in other words we're holding
trauma survivors to a standard that most
of them won't be able to meet and when
they fail that standard when they forget
something or contradict themselves the
punishment is brutal Anita Hill was
famously described as a little bit nutty
and a little bit slutty after her
hearing Ford has been accused of being a
political operative political smear
masquerading as a sexual assault
allegation of being hypnotized was there
hypnosis are they using confabulation
and of being mentally deranged she's
going to look like the loo
that she is if you're wondering why so
many women are hesitant to come forward
this is why days after a forged story
went public a second accuser Deborah
Ramirez came forward with allegations
that Cavanaugh had thrusts his penis in
her face during a party in college
Ramirez told The New Yorker that
watching the smear campaign against Ford
had made her frightened to share her own
story which she knew would be attacked
due to gaps in her memory in the case of
Deborah Ramirez that's a very sketchy
allegation she didn't remember very well
she's had a lot to drink she said that
she had a lot to drink none of this is
to say that we shouldn't question or
investigate allegations of sexual
assault an investigation is exactly what
Cavanaugh's accusers are asking for but
as long as we expect trauma victims to
have crystal-clear memories of what
happens we're going to keep finding
reasons to doubt them regardless of how
credible their allegations are
you
