I favor statehood for Puerto Rico that
the people of Puerto Rico should have
the right to determine their own
political future when the people of
Puerto Rico make a clear decision my
administration will stand by you it may
seem that US politicians support Puerto
Rico's right to decide its future and
would even welcome Porto Rico as a US
state but their words have yet to turn
into action this might not be surprising
considering that when Hurricane Maria
hit the island 46% of Americans didn't
know Puerto Ricans are American citizens
but they are more Americans call Puerto
Rico home than 21 US states but being a
US citizen in Puerto Rico is not the
same as being a US citizen stateside
Puerto Rico is an American Commonwealth
and one of five inhabited US territories
the island became a US territory when
Spain conceded colonial control after it
lost the spanish-american war the
federal government gave Puerto Ricans
American citizenship their own
Legislative Assembly and governor like
other American citizens per toe Ricans
can serve in the US military and are
subject to drafts and like other
American citizens Puerto Ricans also pay
most federal taxes but unlike other
citizens who face taxation Puerto Ricans
don't have federal representation the
island gets to send one politician to
Congress to advocate on behalf of its
residents but they don't have a vote
this means Puerto Ricans can't vote on
issues that affect the island such as
limited funding for Medicaid or food
stamps as well as a broader economic
policy and while Puerto Ricans on the
island can vote in the presidential
primaries they can't vote for the
president Berto Ricans have voted
several times on their status and
referendums early on an ample majority
of Puerto Ricans supported a
Commonwealth over statehood or
independence
you just want to go on living in the
middle in the middle no dammit come on
work Porto Ricans today are divided on
the status of the island the latest
referendum shows large support for
statehood but the turnout was
historically low but no matter what
polls and votes show referendum results
are non-binding because Puerto Rico
can't become a state without approval
from Congress and Congress has largely
ignored Puerto Rico status but as the
island struggles to recover from
Hurricane Maria the issue is becoming
harder to ignore Puerto Rico's economy
started tanking when Congress phased out
tax incentives designed to attract
investment to the island paired with
fiscal mismanagement the island's debt
started to grow to reverse Berto Rico's
financial decline a board appointed by
Congress imposed harsh austerity
measures that reduced health and
education spending on the island as
opportunities lessen Berto Ricans are
relocating to mainland US the population
is shrinking on the island and their
political influence stateside is growing
once permanently living in a US state
Berto Ricans can actually impact federal
politics Berto Rican statehood advocates
want five house representatives and two
senators in Congress while Commonwealth
supporters are fighting for increased
parity without sacrificing their
national identity but despite political
efforts
it seems that Puerto Rico will continue
to belong to the u.s. without really
having much of a safe
