I got sick when I was a little kid I was
about 11 years old the United States has
the most complex healthcare system in
the world
it's our country's immune system and
like any immune system it's not perfect
my immune system doesn't know that my
small intestine is a thing it should not
attack that's Matthew he lives in
Massachusetts and he has Crohn's disease
stabbing abdominal pain two o'clock I
had imaging done CT scan incredibly
expensive IV antibiotic therapy the
worst experience of my life
I cannot imagine the stress that going
through that experience and not having
health insurance who would have caused
Mathieu is one of the 70 million
Americans one in five who gets his
healthcare paid for by Medicaid without
Medicaid without access to really good
medical care I wouldn't be a lot of
Medicaid paid for all of those things
but the thing about Matthew is if you
lived in a different state he might not
have Medicaid this state-by-state
inequality is baked into the Medicaid
system and the American health system at
large we hear all the time that we've
spent more on health care far higher
healthcare costs than any other
developed nation any other developed
country and the results are worse but
that's an average there are many states
that have great outcomes states where
life expectancy infant mortality and
preventable hospital admissions look
like European countries but not every
state if you look at the states below
the US average those with the lowest
life expectancy the highest infant
mortality rates and the most preventable
hospital admissions they all have
something in common a sizable portion of
their population doesn't have health
insurance regardless of what you see on
TV the most life-saving medical care in
this country isn't sexy
it's the regular medical care you get
when you have good affordable insurance
that saves more lives most countries
around the world improved their citizens
collective immune system with a
universal health program but America has
always been a bit different right to
adequate medical and the opportunity to
achieve and enjoy good health FDR's New
Deal to help the u.s. beat the Great
Depression in the early 1930s focused
way more on unemployment and social
securities and on health care and there
was a reason for that the American
Medical Association the largest trade
group for doctors lobbied hard against
any form of national health insurance
whenever FDR proposed it so he and his
administration let it go and when they
did private insurance companies stepped
in private insurance really grew rapidly
through the Second World War
because there are federal wage raises
and there was a labor shortage quite
this war 10 million more people must go
to work by the end of 1943
so you're an employer and you having a
hard time hiring people and the odd labs
offer more money but what you do is you
sweeten the benefit package but in other
countries like Great Britain private
employer based health insurance didn't
really develop and before it could the
government began offering health care to
its citizens through the National Health
Service or NHS
this new health service will be
organized on national scale and so
everyone will pay for it and everyone
will benefit from it when you're ill you
won't have to pay the treatments but not
every European country created a
single-payer system like Britain as in
the u.s. private insurance companies
cropped up in Germany in France but
unlike the u.s. those countries
regulated these companies closely they
had to operate as nonprofit they had to
cover everyone and they couldn't refuse
to pay for something
American doctors and insurance companies
didn't want to see this type of system
limiting their profits the percentage of
Americans that had private health
coverage just balloons for about
nineteen thirty eight to nineteen fifty
and that's when doctors started to get
rich the physician community which is
very very tight it was a very good
organization just put their foot down
and said no never never never President
Harry Truman took up the cause again in
nineteen forty eight I've repeated asked
the Congress to pass a health program
but the American Medical Association
spent millions on PR and lobbying and
Truman's plan went nowhere in 1961
President Kennedy proposed Medicare a
plan to cover hospital bills for
Americans 65 and older and the AMA hired
Ronald Reagan back when he was just an
actor to record this at the doctor
begins to lose free from here is a short
step to all the rest of socialism then
in 1964 President Lyndon Johnson when
the presidency by a huge margin this
administration today here and now
declares unconditional war on poverty in
America as part of this war on poverty
Johnson push Kennedy's Medicare program
through Congress and tucked into that
bill was a small provision hardly
anybody noticed it called for the
federal government to give aid to States
to help cover medical costs for the poor
and that was the beginning of what we
know today as Medicaid it's gone through
a number of changes throughout the years
but at its most basic level Medicaid is
a health insurance plan for lower-income
and disabled adults and children many of
them are children almost half and some
states more and some of them are adults
who cannot afford private health
insurance for a variety of reasons
unlike the Medicare system which covers
all Americans 65 and older states can
decide who gets coverage and what gets
covered in their version of Medicaid
there are a few groups of people the
federal government says states have to
cover children and pregnant women in
families below a certain income plus
some seniors and people with
disabilities but for anybody else states
get to decide who qualifies in
California
single person who makes $10,000 a year
qualifies for medical the state's
Medicaid program when they go to the
doctor they show their medical card and
pay a four dollar copay if they need a
prescription they pay four dollars the
doctor sends the bill to medical the
state of California pays half and the
federal government pays the other half
that split varies by state the federal
government would pay a higher share for
the same doctor's visit in Alabama
because federal payments are calculated
based on the state's per capita income
but that same person making $10,000 a
year won't qualify for the Texas version
of Medicaid in fact if you're a non
disabled adult with no children it's
impossible to qualify for Medicaid in
Texas states also get to decide what
services get covered by their version of
Medicaid whether you get dental coverage
vision coverage podiatry physical
therapy even hospice and then less care
you may not be able to get a hearing aid
may not be able to get glasses there are
a lot of services that are highly
dependent on what state you live in one
of the goals of the Affordable Care Act
was to limit some of this state to state
variability by making Medicaid available
to everyone below a certain income
threshold no matter where they lived but
the Supreme Court struck down that part
of the law the court is leaving open to
the states to come back and opt into the
Medicaid expansion at their discretion
thirty-one states in the District of
Columbia made Medicaid available to
anyone in their state who made less than
about seventeen thousand dollars a year
in exchange the federal government
reimbursed those states for the added
cost of covering more people some
governors and states that didn't expand
Medicaid so they were worried about
long-term cost we can't afford it
the state of Alabama will have to pay
seven hundred million dollars through
our general fund that we really cannot
afford it this is not free money every
day we don't spend on Medicaid as
another dog we don't have to borrow from
China although the federal government
was paying 100% of the cost of expanding
Medicaid at first by 2020 that Sharyl
dropped to 90 percent the Medicaid
expansion was paid for by a tax increase
one that only affected the top 5% of
income earners but it is true that
Medicaid costs are rising they made up
10% of feder
and state budgets 30 years ago and today
that share is more than 25 percent part
of that increase is a reflection of the
rising cost of health care as a whole
health care spending went from about 9%
of GDP in 1980 to 17% in 2013 although
it's worth pointing out that increase
was much smaller in other countries
conservatives worried that more people
on Medicaid will only increase cost
further everyone who qualifies based on
and given state rules and eligibility
criteria is able to get that that
service or get that benefit and if
there's no cap there's no limit for how
much the federal government will
reimburse state in 1985 under President
Clinton and then again in 2017
Republicans in Congress proposed changes
that they said would make Medicaid more
financially solvent they do it by giving
Medicaid a fixed amount of cash called
block grants not a guarantee of coverage
block graphing basically says here's a
big lump sum and that lump sum you can
do with what you want and that's what
Matthew the Medicaid patient from
Massachusetts worries about my
particular course of Crohn's disease is
severe and resistant to treatment
that means the medicine he needs to stay
alive is really expensive tens of
thousands of dollars per year before he
lives on Medicaid he would fight with
private insurers who deny coverage Cigna
claimed to lose certified pieces of mail
and not get faxes in order to to stall
approval I continued to this way I
continue to be dehydrated I continue to
be malnourished I continue to be in an
incredible
in losing Medicaid wouldn't mean he
couldn't go to the emergency room it
would just mean that when he does he
wouldn't get the same kind of treatment
he gets now and he'd be stuck with
thousands of dollars in hospital bills
everything that's happened to me the
dozens of emergency room visits the
surgery is the months worth of
cumulative time spent as an inpatient in
a hospital all of it could happen to
anyone and if it does and you live in
the United States which state you live
in can mean the difference between life
and death
we don't condition public education on
being a model student if your kid wants
Algebra one
they aren't kicked out of school they
get to take Algebra one again if
someone's sick they're not morally bad
they're not morally wrong
it just needs health care
you
