what do P Diddy Donald Trump and Martha
Stewart all have in common
Christine Cornell she's a courtroom
artist who's captured all of them at
their trials everybody ends up in court
it's really amazing I've been covering
trials for the last thousand years which
is about 1975 I did Woody Allen and Mia
Farrow my drawing Mick Jagger
a couple of times I'd drawn Mike Tyson I
did just come off the Cosby trial
recently but I drew him probably 20
years ago we live in an age where
people's phones have 4k cameras and
every dipstick on a snowboard has a
GoPro attached to their head so why do
we still see old school pastel sketches
of so many trials courtroom
illustrations are part of an old
tradition that dates back to the infancy
of the United States but to figure out
why we're still relying on them we need
to turn to federal rule of Criminal
Procedure 53 which is exactly as
exciting as it sounds it's a law that
basically says that you're not allowed
to broadcast or take photographs of
criminal proceedings inside of federal
courtrooms the ban on cameras was
adopted in 1946 but its origin is often
linked to the sensational coverage of
the 1935 trial of Bruno Hauptmann for
the murder of the Lindbergh baby most
state courts have had a similar ban on
cameras as well which is why news
outlets relied heavily on artists like
Christine to document the trials
courtroom photography has been a hotly
debated issue for a long time there are
many who believe having cameras in all
courtrooms will make for a more
transparent judicial process on the
other hand some people point to the OJ
Simpson trial as a prime example of why
it might not be a good idea a lengthy
complicated judicial process was turned
into a prime-time spectacle it's an
unfair burden I think to put on a
defendant because they are presumed
innocent for starts and the camera is a
brutal exposure and the artists are a
filter there's just something that's a
little more human it's a little bit
softer it mitigates a little bit on
behalf of the person one great thing
about drawing is supposed to you know
cameras in the court is you could shrink
the space you can put people in
juxtaposition to each other that you
know they're dramatizes or allows the
drama to come out I asked Christine to
do a drawing to show me her process I
requested one of me in a prison jumpsuit
getting tased by guards but she
suggested we do it sitting instead when
I look very hard at someone that I'm
about to draw then I look at my page
their face is actually glowing on the
page and it's kind of like when you
watch film develop except it's a reverse
I watch that image fade studying Anatomy
is very useful because I have to do an
awful lot of recreating of things that I
just saw happen in front of me but then
they just happened and now they're not
there anymore and you have to be able to
do that from your from your knowledge if
you think too much about what your
feelings are about somebody it's going
to interfere with your drawing but what
about all the awful people you've had to
draw over the years I think you need to
have a huge dollop of compassion because
that's the only way you're going to
capture soul on the page and that way
you're going to get your your most true
likenesses you want to make those
portraits speak to you on the page when
people cry you're got to get it it's
like part of the court artists contract
you know do not miss the tears
unfortunately for Christina I'm from
Minnesota so I'm unable to express my
emotions drawing this fast is just it's
totally insane sometimes you can turn
out as many as you know six drawings a
day I've turned out as many as eight
drawings a day you're always taking it
all in as it comes but there's always
certain things that catch your eye and
you find particularly appealing like
when Martin shkreli was in court he had
a bunch of gestures where he would he
would just sort of take his hand and go
like this and it was sort of fun because
you could see the white around this part
of his eye you know when Bernie Madoff
was sentenced he was taken you know
remanded directly and they cuffed his
hands behind his back and led him
through a door and of course I had to
draw that Christine's captured a ton of
memorable moments but the laws have
changed her profession over the years
and a number of Bills have been
introduced to allow cameras inside
federal and Supreme Court's once upon a
time there were so many artists they'd
have to give us a whole front of the
courtroom you know front row on both
sides
and now there's just few of us they
allowed cameras and an experimental
basis in New York state court and that
sort of eviscerated the business it took
away the bread-and-butter because state
court was really where we made most of
our did most of our work the business
has changed but there's still you know
they still crime I mean I'm really kind
of done it's just I can keep making it
better here let me show it to you isn't
it kind of fun don't you like this thing
I really like this thing see how nice it
is did you took your glasses off so I
could really see your eyes
you
