and we've come up with a design that
puts 12,000 people in one building for
months before he died in 2011 Steve Jobs
made its final public appearance
pitching apple's new canvas which opened
this year central to his vision was
turning existing parking lots into a
green landscape the overall feeling of
the place is going to be a zillion times
better than this now with all the
asphalt so we'd like to plant a lot of
trees including some apricot orchards
but jobs didn't mention that the new
parking structure on campus would have
more floor space than the office
building that's because it wasn't
apple's plan the decision came from the
city of Cupertino which demanded 11,000
parking spots for the campus the
Cupertino is hardly unique is estimated
that in America there are eight parking
spots for every car covering up to 30
percent of our cities and collectively
taking up about as much space as the
state of West Virginia the more parking
we have the more were able to drive so
the rules that manage our parking not
only influence the way we move around
but also shape our urban landscapes
if you look at pictures of the American
cities around 1920 and 1930 all of the
curves are just completely filled with
pork cars and they couldn't use prices
to manage demand because the parking
meter wasn't even invented until 1935
this is Donald shootin an urban planning
professor at University of California
Los Angeles whose specialty is parking
as cars filled cities in the early 20th
century two inventions came to dominate
parking management throughout the United
States the first was the parking meter
the media manufacturers popularized the
parking meter so they offer them free to
cities and they kept the revenue until
the meter was paid for it about six
months and then the city got all the
revenue they offered to installed upon
one side of the street only so people
could see you how it worked on one side
and how it worked on the other the same
time the parking meter was admitted
cities invented the idea of off street
parking proportions off street parking
requirements also known as mandatory
parking minimums are the second
invention and though you may not be
aware of them most of the parking lots
you're used to exist because of these
rules in the background look at anyplace
from the air suburban Plains from the
air you'll see an awful lot of land
taken up for parking and most people
don't know why it's our policy that we
require wash it is to be built with a
lot of Barker with suburbanization after
World War two off street parking
requirements became popular with city
governments they forced developers to
include parking for their new buildings
which created a huge supply of parking
at no cost to the city wall street
parking requirements really spread
throughout the United States faster than
almost any other urban planning
invention they arose partly because the
lack of management of on street parking
if you can't manage the old street
parking properly
you need off-street parking requirements
or everybody also how did you let this
building be built themselves not
Barker's a typical requirement looks
like this for every 1000 square feet of
new building there has to be a set
number of parking spots which varied by
land use you have to have a parking
spaces per something there could be a
number of spaces per bassinet in that
hospital or core holes at a golf course
or 4,000 gallons of water at a swimming
pool but the honest ones is for a
funeral home because that sort of
parking spaces per what an average
parking spot requires about 330 square
feet which includes car storage and
empty space allowing the car to move in
and out and for doors to open that means
if a policy requires response per
thousand square feet the parking lot
needs to be the size of the building and
many parking requirements need more
spots a restaurant may need 10 spots per
thousand square feet making the parking
lot over three times larger than the
restaurant planners don't have any
training and how to set them really no
way to say how much parking every
building these so as a pseudoscience it
has grown up it's like like like blood
leather you know which was a major form
of medical treatment for a couple
thousand years and just like parking
requirements today building parking is
expensive especially when it involves a
large construction project we pay for
the free parking will be demand in every
role we have a life other than
as a taxpayer as a resident as a shopper
and just because you pay nothing a
parking lot of the grocery store doesn't
mean the cost goes away still there so
the driver isn't paying for developers
you don't comply with parking
requirements pay tens of thousands of
dollars in fees for every spot that they
don't include a lot of times these costs
prohibit new development this is a most
valuable land holder land is expensive
for housing but it's free for Parker and
you wonder why we have a problem parking
requirements often result in more
parking space than building space
pushing buildings further apart from
each other making it harder to walk and
encouraging more driving many of the
dense cities that we love like Paris or
Washington DC or Amsterdam or New York
wouldn't look like this with parking
requirements these arbitrary rules
continue to shape the growth of our
cities and increase traffic congestion
but the excessive amount of land
dedicated to parking is able to be
repurposed we have terrific opportunity
to convert underused parking laws into
housing for people one little on the
upside is that we have a lot of benefits
to to reap from changing our policies
well that was an 800-page book down into
three bullet points I have three basic
recommendations remove all streetcar
karpas charge the right price for on
street forum' a cloud which I mean the
lowest price the city can charge and
still have one or two open spaces on
every block so nobody can say there's a
shortage of partner
in order to reach that price you have to
variate my location and and time of day
the once you've done that make it
politically popular and spend the
revenue on public services on the
metered streets
well I'm worn out
