when you're driving down the highway
it's hard to avoid a deer because you
never know when it's coming by the time
you do see it it's often too late but
what if there were crossings for animals
just like the ones used by humans in
some places cleaners have built exactly
that and data shows that animals are
using them which means that close calls
like this are far less likely to happen
hitting an animal is a risk anywhere
roads are built through animal habitats
and as more roads are built there are
more opportunities for collisions
according to a 2008 study commissioned
by the US Congress the number of animal
vehicle collisions was increasing
experts blamed the rides on more vehicle
miles traveled combined with the growing
North American deer population but the
official tally excludes accidents that
have less than one thousand dollars in
property damage
if you account for minor collisions
unreported accidents and other variables
experts estimate at least 1 million
collisions with large animals meaning
deer elk and moose occur every year in
the United States and while animal
vehicle collisions rarely cost lives
they do cost money in the US wildlife
vehicle collisions cost over eight
billion dollars every year money that is
spent on vehicle repairs medical costs
and other expenses and although humans
tend to survive animals often get killed
in the same report researchers found
that vehicular traffic threatened 21
endangered species including the bighorn
sheep
in some places highway planners have
solved the problem by building fences to
keep animals off the road a relatively
cheap solution that has been proven to
reduce roadkill by over 50%
but although fencing reduces roadkill
and neglects a wider problem besides the
risk of collision roads harm animals by
dividing wildlife populations and
limiting their ability to find mates
food and other necessities of life in
Canada wildlife scientist Tony Clevenger
has been studying how road construction
affects animals in Banff National Park
and can have important impacts on the
reproductive success because females
aren't being able to access important
spring habitat because they're not
crossing the highway so it's it's
important that we maintain these
movements and we maintain this access to
the important biological resources
throughout the year and while that
crossing structures do that beginning in
the 1980s authorities began installing
the system of underpasses and overpasses
in advance the structures were designed
for animal use only and were located
where animals were likely to cross the
road the data speaks for itself for
example here on the trans-canada map -
in a park there were on average more
than 100 health vehicle collisions per
year before the fencing and the wildlife
crossing structures and now it's down to
less than a half dozen so these are huge
reductions by having these mitigation
measures in place that are improving
motorist safety they're saving lives and
also in a protected area like Banff
National Park it's an important because
the objective of this National Park is
to protect wildlife instead of blocking
the road entirely planners used fences
to funnel wildlife towards the crossing
structures which were planted with
native vegetation a few species like
deer elk and moose immediately started
using them and were followed by more
skeptical species like wolves and
Grizzlies within a few decades even the
most reluctant species like Lynx had
adapted to using the crossings in 2012 a
male grizzly was recorded crossing the
structures 66 times in one summer by
crossing the highway the Bears habitat
expanded to include potential mates on
the other side of the road
which decreases the likelihood of
inbreeding what we've been able to show
is that by having these overpasses and
underpasses in place we've restored
genetic connectivity across the highway
here in Banff National Park wildlife
crossing structures are fairly common in
some parts of the world particularly in
Western European countries like the
Netherlands but there are relatively few
in North America and the success of the
Banff crossings has encouraged similar
projects in the United States like this
rendering of an overpass being built in
Washington State and in 2012 the Wyoming
Department of Transportation Vogon
overpass have reconnected an ancient
migration route of the pronghorn
antelope so these crossings are
improving safety and restoring habitats
why aren't they everywhere probably the
biggest factor that would limit
construction of wildlife crossings is
cost and having the funding within the
transportation agency budgets to build
these while life crossing structures
structures can save money in the long
run but the initial investment is
significant constructing an overpass
like this one in Banff typically costs
several millions of dollars so to create
more cost-effective solutions Clevenger
organized a design competition with a
group of experts that included ecologist
Mina Murray Lister they need to ark
surfer animal road crossing our argument
was for the money that was spent you
could be getting a lot more value if you
designed them specifically for the
target client which is wildlife and
humans driving underneath them instead
of adapting traditional plans from
highway engineers are keen courage
different stakeholders to collaborate on
structure design
there had to be an Atlanta scape
architect an architect and an engineer
as well as ecologist and so for the
first time ever he had a very different
way of designing a structure and we
asked for them to be ecologically
sustainable they also had to consider
materials that were recyclable reusable
modular and movable the contest was a
success in our generated groundbreaking
solutions including a winning design
that reduced costs and improved safety
by removing the need for pillars on the
highway the cost of that overpass was
about 30 to 35 percent cheaper than
overpasses that were being built at the
same time in Banff National Park the
state of Colorado agreed to build the
design but more immediate needs
including a flooding event in 2013 have
prevented development the entire roads
are washed out the design was never
built but that doesn't mean it won't be
as climate change strains ecosystems
that reduces habitats animals will
change their patterns of movement and
the need for effective crossings will
become even more acute to solve the
problem Lister hopes that planners will
return to the ark designs which remain
viable solutions these things work and
they solve the problem once and for all
so you build a network of these bridge
that connect in the right places you
solve the problem for good it's done
from fault
you
