day two in Tokyo and discovering some
interesting things so I've got a major
problem every time I show up to an
interview here there's this like
ceremonial moment at the beginning where
everyone in the room pulls out a
business card and there's like this
exchanging of business cards and it's
like lots of bowing and lots of
observing the business cards and and
showing how impressed you are with the
beautiful design of it people love
business cards here and my problem is I
don't love business cards and I didn't
bring any to Japan so during these like
really intimate special trust or any
moments everyone looks to me like
where's your business card and I don't
have any I don't use business cards but
luckily I found a machine that would
solve all my problems
thanks to this machine I was able to
design and print 30 business cards in
like two minutes my brand new business
cards are printing out as we speak
the two videos I'm working on are going
really well I've been talking to a lot
of people from North Korea getting some
interesting perspectives so stay tuned
