there's so much Trump News Fox News is
putting on a master class in spinning
Trump scandals and it should worry
anyone who cares about trying to hold
the president accountable
it's been a hell of a week first there
was the Russia League the Washington
Post reports that Trump reveals highly
classified information during a White
House meeting with the Russian
ambassador not good the next day the
Comey memo the New York Times reports
that a memo by former FBI director James
Comey describes Trump asking him to drop
the investigation into Michael Flynn
which sounds a lot like obstruction of
justice both stories are damning they're
confirmed by multiple news organizations
and they come amid growing concerns
about Trump's ties to Russia and his
abrupt firing of combs by any reasonable
measure this all looks very very bad for
the White House but that's not what you
see on Fox News
Bach spent the week masterfully
deflecting focus away from Trump and
though the Russian leak and Comey memo
scandals are very different
Fox handles both stories basically the
same way step 1
attack the story raise doubts in the
viewers mind about the credibility of
the reporting for the Russian leak
this meant calling the story a
conspiracy theory mainstream media
starts launching many conspiracy
theories criticizing the stories
anonymous sources all the Washington
Post sources are anonymous I don't know
how credible those sources are the so
many anonymous sources with literally no
accountability outside sources and
sources from Mars apparently calling it
fake news bogus fake news story it's
fake news and parroting the White
House's talking point ok it was denied
by the Trump administration officials
and McMaster has said after that did not
happen do you thinks it's the Washington
Post move too fast for the Comey memo it
meant suggesting the story was made up a
so-called memo magically surfacing in
the New York Times criticizing anonymous
sources these unnamed sources this a
waiter would be reporting the news and
just saying I don't believe it risking
that much politically or otherwise
around general fling I just can't say
you could write anything in a memo it
doesn't mean it was right that seems
highly unlikely except to attack the
messenger for the Russian leak that
meant going after the Washington Post
The Washington Post just like the rest
of the destroyed Trump media has no
credibility it's just an extension of
the DNC completely unreliable for the
Comey memo that meant going after Comey
Jim Comey has a major credibility
problem but had nothing to do with the
good of the country it only had to do
with his own ass being fired that what
James Comey was doing tonight
getting revenge Tomi is a little bit of
a drama queen this is very mean girls by
the way and in both cases
obsessing about the leaders who are
talking to reporters in the first place
the real story here is who's leaking to
the press who is leaking leaked constant
leaks what do we do about the leaks the
leaks are a bigger story than the
substance of what is leaked also the
deep state you're saying President Trump
is under attack by the deep state
intelligence community the deep state
each state you're worried about the deep
State no leaky step3 blame the media for
covering the story what any other
administration get this kind of scrutiny
this is something that every Republican
president has to deal with the press is
against the does their hateful president
Trump cloud their ability to bring you
the facts step four attack Hillary
Clinton it was their own presidential
candidate Hillary Clinton who severely
mishandled classified information always
the fake news media back then and Barack
Obama why the hell not and if we want to
talk about obstruction what about
President Obama last paper documents
about President Obama I want to see the
Obama memos call me May I want and when
all else fails so what just dismiss the
story entirely the way people are
reacting is if the world is coming to a
close because of what may or may not
have been reported it's like a three
days story if it's true I don't think
there's a lot in you it's a boring
scandal what's wrong with revealing some
highly classified information to the
Russian why wouldn't the President of
the United States share that with Russia
right it makes it easier for Russia to
figure out who our ally is although you
gotta figure a Russian as well all our
allies are anyway and what even is
obstruction of justice anyway I hope you
can let it go he's not directing him to
let it go he just said I hope he didn't
say I command you or I order you to do
that I would hope that's not the same
it's just not it if you understand
language it's not Fox's entire strategy
for dealing with Trump's scandals is to
downplay the significance but if every
story is Watergate is any story
Watergate make the audience suspicious
of the media if they've succumbed to
trump hatred that is so intense it is
destroyed their judgment and in some
cases affected their character and then
deflect their attention to literally
anything else the world is a very
complicated place what you think is
happening often really isn't happening
if you're
a regular Fox viewer it's easy to roll
your eyes I laugh at this stuff but
imagine if you were imagine if Fox News
were your main source of information and
news every day for a huge portion of
Trump supporters that's the reality they
get their news primarily from buck which
means that even powerful well sourced
and incredibly damning reporting about
Trump's behavior might not be enough to
change his supporters mind about him
there are obviously a lot of people in
high places in Washington who will do
anything they can to undermine his
position it just doesn't penetrate the
Fox News echo chamber the destroy Trump
propaganda media they have been working
around the clock to smear slander for
smirch character assassination and if
you're hoping that Congress will post
some check on Trump's behavior this
should worry you before anybody rushes
to judgment we're not going to base our
opinions solely on a news article on the
publicans and Congress are unlikely to
break rank with Trump unless their
constituents pressure them to a less
Republican voters think these scandals
are big enough to take seriously but if
those voters are watching Fox that might
never happen this didn't really fit in a
video but took her Carlson did a totally
banana segment where he yelled about the
bathrooms and Penn Station so here you
go normally people use I mean here's an
occupation and you here are just talk
about it and now you're talking about a
tax return
