every 10 years after the census states
redraw the borders of their legislative
districts in most states politicians get
to control that process and if they're
clever about how the districts are drawn
they can make it easier for their own
party to win more of them it's called
partisan gerrymandering and it's bad for
democracy but the Supreme Court hadn't
intervened in decades the Supreme Court
has yet to settle on a standard or
definition of local fairness they just
simply don't want to declare a partisan
gerrymander without some way to measure
them that's what shows research team is
trying to fix with a supercomputer so
we're trying to build a measurement tool
to help the court measure whether
political parties have manipulated a map
to gain an unfair advantage in other
words they're making a gerrymandering
ruler so when you re district there's a
phenomenal degree of possible
manipulation almost any shape you want
to make is possible that's led to a
bunch of oddly shaped districts and the
court wants to be able to determine the
intent behind the district maps
basically they want to read the mind of
the map drawer it doesn't have any way
to do this the team started developing
their tool by identifying what criteria
are important to the court some criteria
are required by law for instance we have
to have about the same number of people
in every district in all districts have
to be contiguous contiguous just means
they can't be broken up into a bunch of
pieces with some exceptions the court
wants districts that preserve political
subdivisions like cities counties
municipal boundaries so whenever you
find an identifiable community of
like-minded individuals the court likes
it when those people are kept together
in the same district Wendy's team is
using a supercomputer to generate
district maps based on those criteria so
we can create a million or billion maps
using only the criteria required by law
in the traditional districting principle
and we don't use any political
information so these are by definition
nonpartisan maps because they don't use
political information if the current map
doesn't look like any of the
possibilities generated by the algorithm
that's a good indication a partisan
gerrymander has occurred if a billion
different possible maps without partisan
bias are all very different from the map
the court is evaluating then the Supreme
Court has some evidence that
partisanship was part of the motivation
behind an alleged partisan gerrymander
if we then have the computer draw
another billion maps where we
code and partisan information in
addition to the traditional districting
principles and those maps do appear
similar to the map in question the
Supreme Court could rightly infer
partisan motivation right now there's no
guarantee that this particular algorithm
will ever be used as evidence in a court
argument but a handful of cases stand a
real chance to make it to the court in
the near future one of them Whitford
versus Gil
deals with a Republican drawn map for
Wisconsin where Republicans won forty
eight point six percent of the vote in
2012 but 161 percent of the state
assembly seats that year the court has
struggled to identify a test for
partisan gerrymandering but this time
around chose project and others like it
will make it harder for the justices to
keep putting it off
