for an urban listener there's several
choices on their radio dial and NPR is
gonna be one of them but here in rural
Alaskan lots of rural parts of the
country NPR or tribal stations and carry
NPR are the only radio station without
kyu Kay without public broadcasting here
it would essentially be an information
dark zone for households all over this
area
right now in Washington DC there's a
bill that would eliminate funding for
the Corporation for Public Broadcasting
the CPB receives about four hundred
fifty million dollars a year from the
government and then distributes it to
PBS NPR and hundreds of local TV and
radio stations on top of that we've got
a president who's put out a budget that
also calls for the elimination of public
broadcasting can we really continue to
ask a coal miner in West Virginia or a
single mom in Detroit to pay for these
programs the answer was no we can ask
them to pay for defense and we will but
we can't ask them to continue to pay for
the Corporation for Public Broadcasting
we do have internet but a lot of times
the speeds are slow we're looking at
some of the highest rates in the nation
so not everyone can afford it
but even if everyone could afford to
have cable or dish or internet what
they'd be lacking without KY UK is any
sort of daily local journalism and
information we live in a census area
where you pick is the main language
spoken so we translate our newscasts and
you pick so that everyone can understand
in the language that they understand
best what's going on in the world
chimpanzee Connie Governor Bill Walker
I'm Nathaniel Peter Zack to talk to
comment with me
Superior Court otaku who are crammed um
on threats to government funding of
public media it's nothing new I'm sorry
Jim I'm gonna stop the subsidy to PBS
I'm gonna stop all the things I like PBS
I love big bird actually like you too
Corporation for Public Broadcasting
began in 1967 by 1969 Mister Rogers was
already before the US Senate testifying
for them to not cut funding the
Corporation for Public Broadcasting
provides about 60% of our funding 10% of
our funding comes from the state the
other 30% we raise on our own
as a small station operating in an area
that's economically impoverished the
economy is not strong government funding
is vital if federal funding were cut for
the Corporation for Public Broadcasting
there'd be information blackouts in
parts of United States because we simply
couldn't serve all of the areas that we
serve now and other other stations would
be in the same boat I tell everyone that
I come across and I would tell every
politician senator congressperson the
same thing that without a fully informed
electorate we're not a strong democracy
and to realize that information is
something that they need to prioritize
as well and that we can do it relatively
inexpensively
a zero funding from the Corporation for
Public Broadcasting would be devastating
for rural Alaska absolutely devastating
you
