it seems like beards are everywhere
celebrities athletes cat beards or even
a thing because why the hell not
our report by Simmons estimates that 20%
of men in the US have beards which is up
from 14% in 2009 but beards weren't
always as popular and history tells us
that there might actually be a limit to
their popularity like all trends the
popularity of facial hair ABS and flows
sociologist dwight robinson conducted a
study going back through 130 years of
the Illustrated London News examining
the prevalence of facial hair among
prominent members of British society in
its pages and he found that beards were
extremely popular during the late 1800s
with almost half of men featured in the
paper having facial hair during that era
but around the turn of the 20th century
Robinson noticed a major drop that's
continued over the past century
curiously enough this trend is almost
perfectly reflected in the facial hair
of US presidents too most presidents
have been clean-shaven but between 1861
and 1913 Alba - Andrew Johnson and
William McKinley rocked facial hair
William Howard Taft was the last US
president to have facial hair with the
end of his tenure almost perfectly
coinciding with the drop off in Robinson
study and every president since haft has
been totally babyface so why do beards
come and go like this researchers have a
few ideas on the matter author Stephen
Mihm says that the prevalence of beards
is inextricably tied to trends in
capitalism so in the 1830s and 1840s you
begin to see the idea of a beard
becoming a symbol of labor radicalism
particularly communism and socialism and
any of the kind of isms
but once that threat has largely passed
you begin to see among business elites
just a significant growth no pun
intended of beer on the kind of robber
barons and titans of industry that's
been shaped suddenly to wear beards
here's became a signifier of strength
and rugged individuality and we're
proudly worn by some of the wealthiest
and most powerful men in the country and
then in the late 19th century you see
the return of the bearded radical in
this case a lot of anarchists are
depicted in caricatures and cartoons
wearing huge Karl Marx style beard it's
around that time by the
early 20th century I think as beard
become synonymous with anti capitalism
again that you really begin to see
beards eclipsed once more
beards began to be associated with these
radicals and fell out of favor in
general society and have largely
remained on the fringe until relatively
recently during this period the
clean-shaven look became ala mode in the
u.s. signifying distinguishment and
middle-class status in what Harper's
Weekly labeled the revolt against the
whisker now let's fast forward about a
hundred years to the tech boom provided
loads of money and power to a lot of
characteristically disheveled figures
well I certainly see a parallel between
the tech sector generally and the kind
of Gilded Age Titans both are the
drivers of the economy and the
respective eras both are where the
cutting-edge innovations are taking
place both are also the most visible
exponents of American capitalism and
both are highly disruptive breaking away
from the sterilized corporate style of
CEOs in the eighties these new tycoons
fancied themselves eccentric outsiders
and nonconformist helping usher in a new
era of beard acceptance in popularity
whether of the artisanal designer or
woodland varieties beards are back
beards seem to be enjoying the moment in
the Sun right now but could their days
be numbered actually maybe a study from
2014 hypothesizes that there might be
something called peak beard or negative
frequency dependent selection which is a
super fancy way of saying that when
beards get too popular clean-shaven men
begin to be perceived as rarer and more
attractive by comparison if that theory
holds true then given how popular beards
have gotten in the past few years we
could expect it to be a lot more
clean-shaven faces on the horizon
