this is shigeru miyamoto if you've
played video games anytime in the past
30 years you're probably familiar with
his work donkey kong zelda starfox and
then of course this guy me Mario
when Miyamoto makes games he always
tries to do things differently than
other designers here he is back in 1998
explaining why he wasn't focused on
online gaming proponent on indiegogo and
on home in a yo-yo and why he wasn't
adding small in-game purchases to mario
for iphone in 2016 wanna tell kohonen
destabilised o ka aina
name oboro-dono got off at me Amaro has
helped to find a lot of what makes a
video game great so how does he do it
yo partner know TAS taken a toll on
disney dae sa kanya iran akuto god o tu
mundo scotoma sutra korea Cerruti arrow
episode ahsoka guru Niko to toss a
Camaro and SK Domo in 1981 one of
Miyamoto's first assignments at Nintendo
was to design a replacement for a game
called RadarScope it had performed
really poorly in the u.s. leaving the
company with 2,000 unsold arcade units
and this is what he came up with
Miyamoto based the story on the love
triangle in Popeye between a bad guy a
hero and a damsel in distress but since
Nintendo couldn't secure the rights to
use those characters Miyamoto replace
them with a gorilla a carpenter and his
girlfriend in later games that carpenter
became a plumber and his name changed
from mr. video to jump man and then
tamari oh after this guy the landlord of
a Nintendo Warehouse near Seattle this
is one of the first times that a
videogames plot and characters were
designed before the programming yo game
UT moto moto no missus schott a program
at oka Haddaway a decent school to the
soryo bo grama a no designer designer to
coca-cola design not a trans que somos a
ha de Soto Rivera so stretchy ha a no
leader a curio Nocturna table book no se
that change an approach came at a key
time for video games when Donkey Kong
was first released in 1981 the video
game market in North America was on the
verge of collapse
it was saturated with a lot of different
consoles and the booming home computers
made a lot of people question why they
would want a separate device just to
play games but the storytelling in games
like Super Mario Brothers and The Legend
of Zelda which you could only play on
Nintendo's own Hardware helped set them
apart as bestsellers the so no tameni
poco a no sono toki o su ruta many danke
Daniel strain okatee ochio Misurata ma
mario nara a tome in gaming hey Steve a
guru guru don't come naira at Oh sorrow
article oh yo Oscar Adame Somali no what
a good deal a lot of Miyamoto's genius
can be seen in the first level of Super
Mario Brothers this is probably the most
iconic level in videogame history
it's designed to naturally teach you the
game mechanics while you play if you
look at a breakdown there's a lot of
really subtle design work going on here
though Mario is usually at the center of
the screen in this first scene he starts
at the far left all the empty space to
the right of him gives you a sense of
where to go now this characters look and
movements suggest it's harmful but don't
worry if you run into it you'll just
start the game over without much of a
penalty next you see gold blocks with
question marks and these are meant to
look intriguing and once you hit one
you're rewarded that then encourages you
to hit the second block which releases a
mushroom even if you're scared now of
what this might be the positioning of
the first obstacle makes it just about
guarantee that you're going to run into
this thing and once you do
Mario gets bigger and stronger and just
like that you've learned all the basic
rules of the game without having to read
a single word Atalanta show a party
Sugoi a highly conditional to give una
de ba hero in attack even in illusion
attack even in art a Don Tony night is
Madoka so you owe me there immersiveness
in a video game has a lot to do with the
controls the more precisely you can move
your character the more you feel like
you're part of the story and Nintendo
has always been a pioneer with
controllers it was the first to have the
classic setup of the directional pad on
the left and the buttons on the right
the first to have left and right
shoulder buttons the first to have a
360-degree thumb stick and the first to
bring motion control to the mass-market
but with 2016 Super Mario run Nintendo
for the first time made a game for a
controller it didn't design the iPhone
my yoga guidance codec on 18 ahkamat
Aikido incidences Kodomo ido but my
super mario no game UT utah voted
Tsutomu shoot on motor scooters na don
don da so banach not a coup de Saussure
Tsunade subhana kun are no kokuto
m√∫sica she Cara the Wii U flops when it
came out in 2012 and Nintendo 3ds sales
are far below those of its predecessor
but the number of American gamers
playing on mobile phones has doubled to
more than 164 million between 2011 and
2015 you can kind of think of Super
Mario run as a shift from immersiveness
to accessibility de todo este perro de
que Co hajimete also pesto Cara
Yokoyama dare I don't know Pacifica de
la de la Vega de Quito and that's kind
of a Miyamoto's design philosophy from
the very start
make fun games that everybody can play
the rest is in our hands these controls
direct the characters the better your
eye hand coordination the better you do
you
