the internet was supposed to make us
better and more intelligent but it's
just shown how stupid we are you know
it's funny I used to tell people
whenever they would ask me questions
about Muslim Miss I would say just
google it now I'm like please don't
Google that just come to dinner with me
and my family we're gonna answer all of
your questions when you're a Muslim and
I think when you're a Muslim woman
especially it can be full of hate mail
and death threats and hate tweets do not
read the comments you will lose your
mind oh I could be talking about muffins
right and then people be like you know
in your country they don't even have the
right to eat muffins you were in your
own country you would get stoned oh yeah
you moslems leave this country and this
and that well if you don't like it here
why don't you go back to your country
first of all I do like it here secondly
this is my country thirdly the whole
point of this country is to be able to
speak your opinions if you look at
comments on an article it's almost like
looking inside the toilet of a
port-a-potty like it's just the worst of
worst garbage I'll be like hey way to go
Raiders you beat the Saints and people
are like oh you hate Saints huh it's cuz
you hate Christians go screw up go to
the fat mother of for that first I'm
just like oh why did they call me that
what about my honor
you know she's got acne I bet she
doesn't have a boyfriend the bald-headed
loser terrorist sympathizer and like
moms get off the computer stop writing
on my videos I do have a vision at their
back they're like this this is gonna get
the mad the dregs of humanity what's the
meanest comment we're gonna get about
this video the meanest comment about
this video is that they will call you
Muslim lover they're gonna say that this
is some kind of conspiracy this is
probably the first step to Sharia a lot
one thing I'd really like to say to the
meanest comments on the internet is I
hope you have someone in your life that
can give you a hug
go read men you know go read educate
yourself
let's just talk like human beings
