this is the grocery ice-cream aisle and
this is a witness hiding behind a screen
to protect their identity and their
business the two are connected this is a
frost covered door to a world of
delicious treats and this is John Kerry
in September 1999 listening to a witness
whose voices scrambled to preserve their
anonymity really weird voice scrambling
here by the way there is a war going on
in the aisles of grocery stores a lot of
groceries shelf space is bought by
companies selling you stuff long before
you see it while you're shopping it can
cost as much as five million dollars to
get your candy bar near the checkout in
a bunch of different grocery stores and
even if you know about these so called
slotting fees the arguments for and
against them might surprise you
slotting fees say something about the
hidden transactions that let buyers and
sellers work together and occasionally
fear each other too
imagine you're a new ice cream maker you
want to sell delicious generic ice cream
the ice cream with delicious generic
bits you can't just start selling your
ice cream if you want to be in a major
grocer you have to pay journalist Gary
Rivlin recently wrote about the slotting
fee economy in a report for the Center
for Science in the Public Interest his
story of a real ice cream brand called
clemmy's is a guide to what might happen
to your generic ice cream brand to get
generic ice cream inside a freezer door
you'd have to pay thirty thousand
dollars to get in 350 stores and that's
at a discount once you got in sometimes
you have to pay up to stay on the shelf
and you're competing against giants like
Nestle and Unilever Rivlin reports they
control basically 90 percent of the
available freezer doors because they've
already paid up for giants like them a
thirty thousand dollar fee isn't a lot
for you however it might be a major
cause even then pain for your generic
ice cream to get on the shelves wouldn't
necessarily give you control
instead category captains the big guys
who pay the most draft where every item
goes which can determine how well things
sell drawings like these called
planograms help stores keep things
organized see generic soda goes here
generic energy here but they also help
retailers sell space each spot comes at
a cost the same is true of most of what
you see in the candy cookie chip and
soda eyes two writers like Rivlin it's
no better than a bride soda and candy
pays up and consumers have limited
choice your delicious generic ice cream
never hits the shelves the Bureau of
Alcohol Tobacco and Firearms banned
stuff like this for alcohol in 1995 and
if you're a regular reader of frozen and
refrigerated Beyer you'll know vendors
are constantly fighting against these
slotting fees so wire vendors resigned
that slotting fees are here to stay
imagine you're the grocery selling that
generic ice cream there are a lot of
reasons for slotting fees there's only
so much shelf space to self
in food makers like Generic throw too
many products at them slotting fees help
the store prioritize Mary Sullivan wrote
early studies defending slotting fees
see this chart it shows how many new
products that manufacturers came up with
in the 80s thanks to technological
advances like scanners that made it
easier to spin off new products
retailers needed to cut through the glut
some argue that slotting fees helped the
store prioritize and as this chart from
the Federal Trade Commission shows
slotting fees are typically higher where
space is scarce err like the ice cream
aisle or the candy bar aisle near the
checkout the purple ice cream here in
this chart is clustered at the higher
end of the slotting fee scale the FTC in
a range of academics have found that for
retailers slotting fees don't just call
the offerings but they also help them
see that a manufacturer is willing to
put their money where their mouth is if
you threw $30,000 into a slotting fee
for generic cookies and cream it might
signal to the retailer that you're able
to guess
thanks to market research and other
testing that the product will succeed
the retailer might then decide it's
worth a try which is important since 80%
of new products fail the arguments that
slotting fees don't just offset the
costs of adding new products to the
system but they also show if a
manufacturer thinks a product is a
winner it's a conundrum the closer you
look the more supermarkets seem rigged
but at the same time the more that
rigging makes sense the only thing
that's certain is that behind those
freezer doors and behind that screen
there is a war going on the food
Marketing Institute which represents
grocers told me that Riven's article
seriously mischaracterized the
legitimate food industry practice of
slotting fees meanwhile Rivlin and
advocates like him want the FTC to look
at slotting fees again each retailer has
their own strategy a Walmart
spokesperson told me they don't charge
slotting fees because they believe it
raises prices Whole Foods reportedly has
a similar stance preferring free trials
of goods to cash both sides have silly
Shen's sellers would rather retailers up
for more test stores to give products a
chance instead of demanding high
slotting fees in grocers well they often
say slotting fees are necessary to
recoup the labor spacing and shelving
costs entailed in marketing new product
lines they also push in store brands to
take more control Fink Trader Joe's or
your groceries branded soda and that
makes space scarce err for manufacturers
only a few things are certain your
grocery aisle where you see happy cereal
boxes and yummy ice cream is oddly tense
hide behind a screen tense because large
groceries have the ability to keep your
product off the shelves with just a snap
of their fingers selling your generic
ice cream is a lot more complicated and
controversial than you might have
realized and maybe now buying it is too
slotting fees are ultimately a form of
negotiation and even if you don't pay
them you still might be making
compromises you could sell your generic
ice cream in Trader Joe's but if you do
you might have to sign a strict
non-disclosure agreement promising not
to reveal that it's your ice cream that
Trader Joe's is selling under their own
brand
