there's a story from the Constitutional
Convention of 1787 when it ended Ben
Franklin walked out of Philadelphia's
Independence crowd and there was a woman
from Philadelphia who was the first to
speak to him and she asked well doctor
what have we got a republic or a
monarchy and Franklin's reply is really
famous a republic he said if you can
keep it if we can keep it
we have lost something Franklin had
which is a sense that this experiment
America can fail things can truly go
wrong and and one lesson of Trump is
that we need to rediscover that
catastrophic imagination because there
is a big flaw at the center of Americans
democracy a weakness a bug in the
software and Trump found it and he used
it and other people are gonna find it
and use it too this election is close it
is close enough that something small
could completely have thrown it if Trump
were just a bit more self-disciplined if
you haven't bragged about sexual assault
when wearing a microphone if Clinton's
pneumonia had lingered a little bit
longer America be ruled by a cruel
narcissist with authoritarian ambitions
and when I say authoritarian ambitions I
mean it one of the truly important
things we learned about Trump is if he
admires dictators from being dictators
he was asked about Vladimir Putin and
said he's running his country and at
least he's a leader you know unlike what
we have in this country yeah again he
killed journalists that don't agree with
him about North Korea's Kim jong-un he
said he goes and he takes over he's the
boss it's incredible and here Trump was
on Saddam Hussein he killed terrorists
he did that so good they didn't read him
the rights the thing to note there is
it's not just a Trump admires
authoritarian what he admires about them
is that they are authoritarians
he likes they dispense with niceties
like a free press and due process and
political opposition Trump has promised
to bring this perspective to America he
says he'll jail Hillary Clinton if he's
elected he he wanted to strengthen libel
laws to make it easier to cow the press
during rallies he pushed his followers
to assault protesters
and promised you would pay their legal
fees if they got arrested imagine
someone like that with the power to
pardon so even if we dodged the bullet
we still need to understand how it is
that we as a country came to be standing
in front of a gun it would have been no
surprise to the founding fathers and
Americans have proven susceptible of the
charms of a demagogue in Federalist 10
James Madison wrote that men of factious
tempers of local prejudices or of
sinister designs may by intrigue by
corruption or by other means first
obtain the suffrages and then betray the
interests of the people that is Founding
Fathers speak for it yeah demagogues are
appealing they can win elections and
then they can betray the very people who
elected them and it's why we have a
representative government not a
democracy it is part of why the founders
made the American presidency so weak
they always saw the popular will as a as
a potential point of failure a point of
weakness and it is credit to the long
success of the political institutions
they created that we think dangerous men
can only win elections in far-off lands
but what's happening here what's
happening now is that our institutions
are weakening and that's where we have
to turn to understand Trump to our
institutions Donald Trump did two things
to get this close to the presidency the
first was he won the Republican
primaries the second is that after
winning the primaries he United the
Republican Party behind him these are
not the same thing even though they're
often conflated Trump only had thirteen
point eight million votes when he won
the Republican primaries the distance
between those thirteen point eight
million votes and the more than sixty
million votes
he's expected to get in the election is
vast
in 1972 George McGovern won the
Democratic primary even though much of
the Democratic Party hated him major
Democratic interest groups at the
afl-cio they refused to endorse him in
the general election top Democrats
including former governors of Florida
and Texas and Virginia organized
Democrats for Nixon groups McGovern went
on to lose with less than forty percent
of the vote a huge defeat driven by
Democrats who abandoned a nominee they
consider it unacceptable
a similar cup was possible for Trump top
Republicans viewed him with
this man is a pathological liar a
narcissist at a level I don't think this
country has ever seen Donald Trump's
candidacy is a cancer on conservatism
and it must be clearly diagnosed excised
and discarded Donald Trump is a
delusional narcissist and an orange
faced windbag a speck of dirt is way
more qualified to be brilliant and every
single one of those Republicans endorse
Donald Trump so that Paul Ryan and Mitch
McConnell it is not surprising with this
kind of elite support the Trump managed
to get Republican leaning voters behind
him
the final NBC Wall Street Journal poll
of the election found that eighty-two
percent of likely Republican voters were
supporting Trump a precise match for the
eighty-two percent of likely Democratic
voters supporting Clinton there are two
things to say about this
the first is morale there are many
Republicans who honestly believe Trump
would make a good or least adequate
president there their endorsement of his
candidacy is perfectly honorable even if
I think it is wrongheaded
but many of the Republicans mentioned
here believe Trump is a threat to world
peace and two fundamental norms values
and institutions of American democracy
their endorsements of his candidacy will
stain their careers and if he is elected
and if the worst comes to pass they will
be remembered by history for their
abandonment of country but the second
thing that needs to be said here is
structural and believe it or not that's
where it actually gets scary here is the
single most important sentence for
understanding both Trump's rise and this
dangerous era in American politics the
defining characteristic of our moment is
it parties are weak while partisanship
is strong that sentence comes from
political scientist Julia's re and her
point is this party's practically the
Republican Party can no longer control
whom they nominate but once they
nominate someone once they nominate
anyone even Donald Trump that person is
guaranteed the support of the party's
elites and of its voters let's look at
that in two pieces first how did parties
lose control of the primaries primaries
used to not matter that much party
officials made the decisions they
counted at the conventions where they
had almost total control but we've moved
in
decades towards primaries are more
democratic they give voters more voice
that's made parties and party officials
less important but one way party's kept
influence in primaries was through money
party organizations they signaled the
donors which candidates to back who to
take seriously but money's turned out to
be a whole lot less important and win
any primaries than anyone thought just
house a Jeb Bush who spent a hundred and
thirty million only to be humiliated
even as Trump spent almost nothing to
win similarly parties used to drive
media attention by signaling to
reporters which candidates take
seriously but that process is also
democratized just look at Trump's
Twitter feed and how can drive news
coverage on its own but the most
important thing parties have is a trust
of their own voters it's why
endorsements matter
they represent party officials using the
credibility they've built with their
supporters to tell them who to vote for
Trump didn't have any Republican
endorsements of note until he had
already won a bunch of primaries and
that arguably helped him it was proof
that he really was untouched and
untainted by the unpopular Republican
establishment the Republican elites have
so totally lost the faith of their base
that their efforts to persuade
Republican voters were ignored at best
and counterproductive at worst he's a
tremendous failure of the Republican
Party so that that's how the party loses
control of its primaries but but then
there's a puzzle if if partisans have so
little faith in their party why are they
so much likely to back whomever their
party nominates
the answer in short is fear and loathing
of the other party in 1964 31% of
Republicans had called negative feelings
towards the Democratic Party and 32% of
Democrats had cold- feelings towards the
Republican Party by 2012 that had risen
to 77% of Republicans and 78% of
Democrats that is a lot more anger and
fear towards the other party today fully
45% of Republicans and 41% of Democrats
believe the other party's policies
threaten the nation's very well-being
this fear it is strongest among the most
politically involved which makes sense
you're more likely to take an active
interest in American politics if you
think the stakes are really high but it
also means the people driving American
politics and particularly people driving
low
party primaries have the most
apocalyptic view of the other side the
angrier and more fearful partisans are
the more of a market there is from media
that convinces them to be even angry or
an even more afraid it is no accident
than the CEO of Breitbart news a hyper
ideological conservative media outlet
that specializes in scaring the hell out
of its audience is leading Trump's
campaign and one reason Trump has been
able to unite Republicans is that
Republican leaning media has convinced
itself and its base that the alternative
to trump is a literal criminal who
belongs in jail this offers a rationale
for voting Republican even if you don't
particularly like your candidate a
majority of Trump voters say they're
voting against Clinton rather than for
Trump which helps explain the unified
party support for Trump Republican
officeholders are terrified that if they
don't support him or seem in any way as
contributing to Clinton's election
they'll face the wrath of their
conservative base so here then is a key
failure point in modern American
politics and observing it in action
requires looking no further than the
Republican Party voters dislike of their
own party has broken the primary process
but fear of the opposition has
guaranteed unified party support to the
nominee that means whoever manages to
win a flawed competition dominated by
the angriest most terrified partisans
and within spitting distance of the
presidency elites are often blamed for
Trump's rise he's said to be a backlash
to their failures their corruption their
obliviousness their self feeling a
condescension and all that may be true
but past moments in American politics
have also featured angry voters and
out-of-touch elites and social problems
those moments however featured political
and media gatekeepers with more power
and so Trump like candidates were
destroyed in primaries or at Party
conventions or by a press that paid them
little mind now however traditional
gatekeepers have neither the power nor
the cultural capital to stop Trump like
candidates
and the Republican Party where the
collapse of institutional authority is
most severe and most dangerous the
aftermath of a Trump loss will further
weaken the party center Trump supporters
are going to turn on the Republican
Party officials whose tepid backing they
feel doomed their candidate sean hannity
has already begun calling Paul Ryan a
saboteur the country is on a fast path
to becoming majority minority and many
white male voters will continue to
perceive this change as a loss in both
status and political power which in some
ways it is now that's not to say
Republicans will always reven routinely
nominated candidates as dangerous as
Trump much had to go wrong for him to be
nominated the lesson of this unnerving
year is it less can be taken for granted
than we thought the American people are
not immune to demagogues the American
political system is too weakened to
reliably stop them America like all the
world's other countries is vulnerable to
catastrophic political failure it can
happen here Trump is a crude and
undisciplined demagogue but we need to
remember the world also produces clever
disciplined demagogues and they are the
ones who truly threaten republics
you
