in October 2016 WikiLeaks released over
33,000 pages of emails from John Podesta
Hillary Clinton's campaign chair the
Clinton campaign has refused to
authenticate individual emails provided
by WikiLeaks instead saying correctly
that the Russian government appears to
be behind the attack there are no
bombshells in in these emails if you
were planning on voting for Hillary
Clinton you're probably still going to
do so and if you weren't planning on
voting for Clinton you probably won't
that said I think these emails will be
really concerning to a lot of liberals
who fear and have already feared that
Clinton is too close to bankers on Wall
Street our job is to take on Wall Street
not to take their money
Secretary Clinton the question was about
the transcripts of the speeches to
Goldman Sachs one of the ironies of this
story is that we know about these emails
at all because the campaign itself did
self opposition research to find what in
her Goldman Sachs speeches could prove
damaging should they leak among the
stuff that's gotten the most attention
is Clinton saying that dodd-frank
Obama's signature initiative to rein in
Wall Street was quote passed for
political reasons that doesn't mean
necessarily that her bank regulation
platform is any weaker than Donald
Trump's it's not it's much tougher but
for the left wing of the party that sees
Clinton has already too close to a lot
of these interests this is just going to
confirm those suspicions you can see her
aides and the emails internally debating
how to make sure that her apparent
tone-deafness around Wall Street didn't
seep out into the public one example
that really drives this home is that
right after the campaign launched Bill
Clinton was planning on giving a speech
at Morgan Stanley and Clinton's aides
freaked out about this they said this is
something we shouldn't do and Hillary
herself appeared to be okay with it
now again if you are a Clinton fan you
probably don't think that's a big deal
you probably think that Clinton and her
husband can march into Wall Street say
what they need to say collect the money
and not change their viewpoints at all I
have never ever been influenced in a
view or a vote by anyone who has given
me any kind not a funding but it does
speak to I think something that we've
long suspected which is that Hillary
herself doesn't really see the political
ramifications for appearing close to
Wall Street or doesn't care another
piece of context that people really
should keep in mind is that if you're
gonna hold Clinton herself to blame for
a lot of this stuff you also have to
find fault with Obama
similarly Republicans crying foul over
this is pretty rich the Republican Party
has cured extensive ties with big-money
donors and four years maintain that it
wasn't influencing their politicians the
emails also show that Clinton agreed to
go to Morocco in exchange for a 12
million dollar donation to the Clinton
Global Initiative now Clinton herself
wasn't Secretary of State at this time
there's no reason to believe that there
was a quid pro quo in which she promised
to do a government favor in exchange for
something that the Moroccan government
wanted but it does again add to this
idea that Clinton was more likely to
meet with people who gave lots of money
to her husband's private charity we
should be very clear the Clinton
Foundation has done genuinely
life-saving work all over the world
that said it certainly won't to raise
fears from the left wing of the
Democratic Party that the reason people
were giving to the foundation was to
curry favor with a potential Clinton
White House one of the interesting
debates from the emails has to do with
the Cadillac tax which taxes luxury
health care plans at a higher rate than
other plans you can see from the
internal debates of the email is that
the Cadillac tax sharply divided
Clinton's team on the one hand you had
her political aides which were strongly
urging her to back away from the
Cadillac tax in order to win the
endorsement of unions who she needed in
a Democratic primary on the other hand
her policy aides clearly thought that
this was the right agenda and urged her
to support it this is how all
politicians operate they take a policy
position that they think is good and
they weigh it against the political
considerations that said getting a
chance to see how that works yourself
can sometimes be an ugly sight
