the third and and final thankfully final
presidential debate is now over and and
it can now be said Hillary Clinton has
crushed Donald Trump in the most
effective series of debates we've seen
in modern presidential history it wasn't
even close in fact one of the prize of
this country is the peaceful transition
of power and that no matter how hard
what a campaign is that at the end of
the campaign that the loser concedes to
the winner not saying that you're
necessarily going to be the loser or the
winner but that the loser concedes to
the winner and that the country comes
together in part for the good of the
country are you saying you're not
prepared now two questions that I will
tell you at the time I'll keep you in
suspense
what she did here is actually visible in
the polling on the eve of the first
presidential debate she was up by 1.5
points by the second she was up by five
point six by the third it was over seven
points that is a huge lead and not a
normal one most presidential debates
actually don't move the polls it's very
rare if you look at the political
science here to find a debate series it
actually has an enduring effect on the
shape of the race these ones did now the
way Clinton won is nontraditional it's
not the way we're used to candidates
winning we used to take candidates
winning because they themselves just did
a good job they delivered a brutal
zinger they just killed it on the
answers and and Clinton did some of that
but but the real way she won the the
real achievement here and it is one of
the most stunning political achievements
in modern campaigning was it she figured
out her opponents weaknesses and goaded
him into basically completely collapsing
to replenish the switch in Mercy West
fun she and her campaign analyzed Donald
Trump figured out what it was they could
exploit and then relentlessly ruthlessly
did so you can see it begin in in the
first debate she just started calling
him Donald Oh Donald it's good to be
with you nobody really knows why Donald
Trump hates the sound of his first name
so much but he does he immediately tries
to shame Clinton into referring to him
with more respect
Secretary Clinton yes said okay good
I want you to be very happy
it's very important to me a Clinton
isn't having it and this really sets up
the way all these debates will go he
Trump every time begins calm cool
collected he gives answers it sound
quasi presidential well the DC versus
Heller decision was very strongly and
she was extremely angry event but pretty
quickly Clinton gets under his skin she
she needles him she goes him she makes
fun of the fact that he got his business
started with a loan from his father she
attacks whether or not he's actually
that rich whether or not he pays taxes
every time
Trump sees begins taking the bait and
taking the bait and taken the bait
there's something for him about being
attacked and even humiliated by a woman
on national television he absolutely
cannot handle and so in about the 30
minute mark in every single debate he
just begins to lose it nope nope it's
pretty clear it's pretty clear you won't
admit no you have the Russian it becomes
less coherent he's not able to focus on
the questions he's asked and instead
puts back two things Clinton said about
him a while back he just tries to throw
any attacks he can think of up against
her it's it's a bad look for him it
would be a bad look for anyone but it
really really shows the effectiveness of
her strategy but the big way in which
she managed to dominate these debates
was it at the first debate she sparked a
meltdown and Trump that weeks later he
was still working his way through and it
came here at the end and one of the
worst things he said was about a woman
in a beauty contest
he loves beauty contests supporting them
and hanging around them and he called
this woman Miss Piggy then he called her
Miss Housekeeping because she was latina
Donald she has a name where did you find
Machado where did you find she has
become a US citizen and you can bet
she's going to vote that's know voce
good that Elysia Machado trap it and it
was a trap they had a web video ready
they had a whole press tour for Lisa
Machado at Alesia Machado play that was
the beginning of the conversation over
Donald Trump's the language and
treatment of women it was the context
for the leaked Access Hollywood tape
later it was a context for the sexual
harassment claims that came out later
it forced Trump into a corner he was so
angry that he began trying to lash back
in any way he could think of complains
that were completely non-strategic an
example was in the next debate right
before it he held a press conference
with three women who'd accused Bill
Clinton of assaulting them whatever you
think of the Bill Clinton assault
allegations this was an insane strategy
he should have been preparing for the
debate he should have been on his own
message he should have been finding a
weakness of Hillary Clinton's instead he
did something that not only made no
sense but scared other Republicans about
whether or not he was truly figuring out
a way to turn this race around it was a
disaster for him and a disaster Clinton
and the Clinton campaign goaded him into
in every debate Clinton has managed to
both push Trump into nonsense and
mistakes while being herself prepared
clear called disciplined and cautious in
that way she created a preparation gap
between the two candidates Trump would
be there really offering just total
nonsense gibberish answers and then
Clinton would basically exhale an entire
briefing book of knowledge Trump's
campaign bragged hit a little bit about
how little the candidate was preparing
for the debates but in the end it really
hurt him and Clinton's over preparation
her tendency to know absolutely
everything on a topic a tendency that
often makes people mock her a bit you
see her as robotics he has over prepared
it really worked here it really showed
that one of these candidates knew
something about the issues facing the
country and and the other didn't look
it's easy to underestimate what happened
here it's easy now to look back and
think of chumps total collapse as
completely inevitable but remember trump
but triumph too in debate after debate
against a 16 person Republican field
that included what many thought were
some of the most talented Republican
politicians in generations politicians
who had been in many debates before who
were experienced who were skilled who
were effective he was good at bullying
them had taken over the stage he had a
hit a macho insulting blustering
demeanor that really worked particularly
against other male
politicians pretty here on the hill let
me talk quiet
somehow Clinton short-circuited all of
that he was not able to ever get his
footing in the debate she kept him
completely off-balance she attacked him
in ways that worked and upset him as
opposed to ways which he saw over and
over again the Republican debates that
strengthened him and made the attackers
look bad she was able to use her gender
and his chauvinism and his weaknesses
and her discipline to put him into trap
after trap that he never figured out a
way out of Trump is losing and he's
losing a part because he himself is a
flawed vulnerable candidate but Clinton
is winning because she had a strategy a
fairly high-risk strategy actually and
she executed it she stuck to it she did
it every single debate and it actually
worked
this is not the way we're used to seeing
candidates win debates were used to
seeing them win debates because of how
they performed and not because of how
they were able to trap their opponent
into performing but the fact that this
is a non-traditional kind of way in a
win that relies on Clinton's unique
skills and characteristics and not the
things we're used to from other
politicians that doesn't make it less
impressive it makes it more impressive
after three debates Donald Trump's
campaign is in smoking ruins and that's
because Hillary Clinton turned in a
truly effective strategic and ruthless
performance
