Liz why are we going to Ikea because
we're gonna unite the Democratic Party
and also I you would think that uniting
a party running against a Republican
billionaire that calls Mexicans rapists
and women fat pigs would be a piece of
cake but guess again are you voting for
Hillary in the fall no way no no no no
not at all no I couldn't I am NOT
there's no way in hell I'm voting for
Hillary
despite Hillary Clinton the nomination
in Bernie himself endorsing Clinton a
large numbers still refused to put their
support behind the Democratic candidate
of course the DNC email League confirmed
what many Bernie Sanders supporters were
already feeling that the party favorite
Clinton and that they never stood a
chance the Bernie er bus movement
persists with the UVF survey showing
that only 44 percent of people who voted
for Sanders in the primaries intends to
vote for Hillary Clinton come this fall
and this is bad news for her for
instance in the battleground state of
Pennsylvania polls show that Clinton
only has a 1% lead over Donald Trump but
if she could get half of Sanders
supporters behind her that lead could go
up I wanted to know if I could find a
way to bridge this gap using a method
devised by a therapist to help practice
better communication we had her subjects
construct a small night table we locked
up Katie a self-described Bernie bro and
Ben a Hillary supporter in a room with
no AC no water and with one
frustratingly simple task what could go
wrong let's take these screws and secure
them yeah but screwed together this
weird table what Bernie Sanders did is
amazing Bernie Sanders engage an
audience of voters that have never been
engaged right that before literally he
broke records right but some of those
people aren't politically experienced
they haven't seen how our democratic
system works and so they get angry when
they don't get the results they want
every single step of the way Hillary's
defenders not all of them but I'll say
the most vocal and close to the campaign
have been pushing back on all efforts to
hold her at all accountable and move her
to the left
but it's edgy that's not true look at
social security where Hillary Clinton
has changed her that was because the
progressive voices coming together and
fighting to push her to the left wait
okay I'm talking about the people who
and you're not this but there are lots
of supporters of Hillary who attack
bernie people and say that they have to
get in line and that they're being that
they're gonna let trump win what Donald
Trump is trying to do is to make America
more hateful then oppose him
I am opposing him but I think you can do
it better if you don't try to beat
Bernie people over the head and blame
them all I'm saying is that we have a
real current to this country to
marginalized communities across this
country and the way to combat it is to
encourage as many people as possible to
get out and vote against Trump and right
now the other option is Secretary
Clinton if you don't like that option
which makes sense for a lot of people
then push her to be more like the person
that you want to be after almost an hour
they still hadn't reached consensus or
successfully built a night table but
still data shows that although there's
some differences between Sanders and
Clinton supporters there's an even
bigger ideology gap between Trump and
the Bernie camp so what gives one factor
might be who's voting for Bernie in the
first place according to data from 538
the Sanders campaign attracted voters
who are less likely to vote in elections
after the mix they're declining view of
Hillary Clinton over the course of the
primary and it's not hard to understand
the discord so when I spoke to 538 Harry
enten it wasn't IKEA that he suggested
as a solution to Hillary Clinton's
Bernie Bravo's what does he need to do
to really get a grasp on there's this
coalition of voters I think one of the
things she already did they adopted a
very progressive platform I think that
gets couldn't get the activists on her
side and then those activists could be
thought of as leaders and people look to
them I mean for a long time we've been
dividing rights a two-party system it's
Republican Democrat could we be seeing a
shift in terms of how people affiliate
could have changed to insider and
outsider or establishment or anti self
absolutely I mean we've seen a number of
votes in the house over the past few
years in which you know people who were
part of the establishment so-called I
don't know if that's a necessarily good
title but a part of the establishment
voted together while those on the far
left and the far right who really
Outsiders voted together it's quite
possible
in fact we do see a multi-dimensional
system in fact that's the way it's been
throughout most of our history it's only
been more recently where we've been able
to put things on the left the right
spectrum so why can't things change
there's nothing special about the system
we have now Bernie supporters have had a
huge impact on the Democratic Party and
changed the way that we view the
two-party system but now that their
candidate has endorsed Hillary where do
they go from here will they back her and
work within the system or will their
disappointment encourage them to opt out
or vote for a third party or they do
have another option Bernie Sanders
voters please vote for Trump come on
over the water's fine we welcome you to
the Republican Party you may not feel
comfortable in the beginning so consider
Donald Trump people it's for God and
country come to the other side will
welcome you with open arms
I totally welcome all of you Bernie
supporters to the Trump team not to
construct anything or a debate but in
theory we can work together organize no
Hillary's button is more electable and
doesn't get the feeling I did about
others but there we got it we got the
shot
