after the attacks in Paris 31 governors
in the u.s. said that their states won't
accept Syrian refugees even though the
attacks were carried out by European
nationals
nearly every Republican governor in the
nation joined the chorus but one refused
this cartoon from the Salt Lake Tribune
depicts Utah governor gary Herbert
standing apart from the pack this is
somewhat unexpected because Utah is one
of the most conservative states in the
u.s. Republican presidential candidates
have won Utah by at least 19 points in
every presidential election since 1964
it's a really red state why then is Utah
the one conservative state that is Pro
refugee the answer more minutes for the
Church of Jesus Christ of latter-day
saints nicknamed the Mormon Church
religious persecution hits really close
to home shortly after the church was
founded in 1830 it started growing
rapidly
they wanted to create a new religious
and political community it called Zion
and that didn't go over very well with
the people of Ohio where the church set
up its headquarters the Mormons were
violently driven out after just a few
years persecution continued as they
moved west violent clashes broke out in
Missouri instigated by non-mormons
trying to evict the Mormon settlers and
prevent them from voting the governor of
Missouri even issued an extermination
order stating that the Mormons must be
treated as enemies by 1840 the Mormons
were widely seen as a growing political
and economic threat and no one really
wanted them around at the same time they
started openly practicing polygamy an
illegal practice that gave mobs even
more legal justification for hating
Mormons by 1846 most Mormons were
violently driven out of the United
States they settled in the high desert
of Utah which was a part of Mexico at
that point
every Sunday Mormons are reminded of
this history from paintings that hang on
the walls of their church to songs that
they sing to commemorate these early
pioneers and their struggles whether or
not you are a descendant of pioneers the
Mormon pioneer heritage of faith and
sacrifice is your heritage
now Mormons may not be known as the most
progressive or tolerant as a Mormon
Bishop excommunicated a woman who
demands equal rights inside the church
the church has now clearly laid out that
anybody who enters into a same-sex
marriage is considered an apostate but
when Republicans turn away Syrian
refugees and Donald Trump goes even
further total and complete shutdown of
Muslims entering the United States
Mormons remember that as their governor
said recently in a Facebook post Utah is
a state that was settled by religious
exiles who was stood persecution after
persecution and that's enough to get
them to break with the conservative
mainstream
you
