this is a story of witches and LSD so
you might know what happened during the
Salem witch trials from February 1692 to
May 1693 the Puritan community in Salem
Massachusetts was overtaken by a witch
hunt that resulted in the execution of
19 people we have an idea how it started
two girls the daughter and niece of the
town's reverend reportedly had attacks
beyond the power of epileptic fits or
natural disease and after that other
girls said that they had attacks a lot
of accusations flew and the town was
engulfed in which mania the sin witch
trials are traditionally explained as a
form of mass hysteria political sniping
or Puritanism gone amok but what if
there were another reason and what if
that reason was bred right to be
specific in the 1970s psychologist Linda
Caporal theorized that a fungus called
Clovis Epps purpurea might have had
something to do with the witches in
Salem the fungus is commonly found on
rye grains and when ingested it can
cause a condition called ergotism
it's either gangrenous ergotism causing
limbs to fall off or convulsive and
convulsive archit ISM matches some
reports at Salem where people accused
witches of giving them symptoms like
grievous torment in the bowels pain in
the belly pinching and pricking and
choking compulsive argot ism could have
been the real witchcraft in Salem
because ergotism isn't just pain or gets
also used to synthesize LSD yes that LSD
and in a lower concentration has some of
its hallucinogenic effects that might
explain some of the apparitions people
in Salem saw like the light one man saw
quivering in his chimney villagers also
fed a dog which cake to see how would
react the ingredients a so-called
witch's urine and rye we don't have
records of what the dog did but it's a
reaction apparently pushed the witch
trials forward conditions were right for
arrogant
flourish to a stormy summer in 1692 was
perfect for fungal growth and most of
the accusers were in the western area of
Salem where contamination may have been
more prominent Caporal proposes that the
minister was painting green from that
area which led to his daughter's
poisoning by the Rye bread they made in
the next year a drought kept Birgit from
happening again it sounds kind of like
fungus has solved the witch trials but
it's not that simple it's the witch from
next door
we have no bridge
I don't want your bread others have
published rebuttals saying the symptoms
aren't right the people of Salem were
too healthy to have a vitamin deficiency
that would help Birgit ISM flourish and
key symptoms were missing the most
concrete theories say that a slave
introduced the girls to witchcraft while
high-concept ones claimed the witch
trial girls were socially infected they
say it was less CSI more the Mean Girls
of Salem Massachusetts in that first
paper to purl happily admits that we
can't know what happened for sure she
and supporting academics say that at
most
ergative 'sm kicked off the craziness
but ultimately society set the trials
spiraling out of control whatever
explanation you prefer maybe we should
all embrace the one thing that the
people in Salem weren't willing to and
that's a little uncertainty
happy Halloween from voxcom
if you want more spooky explanations
you'll probably have to wait until next
year but we'll hold you down the rest of
the year too
