general elections the big showdown
between the Democratic nominee in the
Republican attract way more interest
than the primary campaigns that
determine the nominees and that goes for
debates - lamba get Hillary Clinton
against Jeb Bush or scott walker would
produce big ratings for a news program
and if she faced off against Donald
Trump it will be off the charts but most
scholars have looked at it find that
these debates don't really matter much
you're gonna the first question you
actually do you actually got the first
question so I get the last question and
last answer I'm really in the follow-up
doesn't quite work a setting of several
years of presidential debates from the
vast majority of voters have their same
voting intention after watching the
debates one reason is that the voters
most interested in the debates already
have their minds made they're watching
for kind of the same reason that people
tuned in to watch the favorite team
playing the World Series the primary
debates are different that same study
found that most of the voters were
swayed by the primary debates in
primaries the candidates don't differ as
much ideological everyone in the
Republican field likes lower taxes and
less regulation they all think abortion
is wrong and gun ownership is a
fundamental right they all want a
tougher foreign policy than Obama's but
the activists and voters should pick a
nominee don't just want someone who
agrees with them they also want to win
and many of the contenders aren't very
well-known if they don't have much
experience addressing national issues or
appearing before big-time national
audience so in 2012 Minnesota governor
Tim Pawlenty had a chance to define
himself as the authentic conservative
alternative to Mitt Romney but he turned
out to have too much Minnesota nisan him
to back up his attacks in a face-to-face
confrontation and it made him look
ridiculous
your rival is standing right there if it
was Obamacare on Fox News Sunday why is
it not Obamacare standing here with the
governor right there it President Obama
is is the person who I quoted in sync
that same year Texas Governor Rick Perry
looked like he might have been the
Romney killer but then oops happened
it's three agencies of government when I
get there that are gone commerce
education and the what's the third one
there let's see come to the can't name
the third one the third agency of
government I would I would do away with
the education the commerce and let's see
I can't the third one I can't sorry
well I pick someone prone to looking
foolish when the very polished Mitt
Romney was not offered well that's
probably true primaries are so much more
complicated than general elections
shortly before the Iowa caucuses in 2004
Dick Gephardt start dishing hard hits on
Howard Dean you were talking about a
payroll or a Social Security tax cut
this helped bring Dean's numbers down
but Dean's counter-attacks also made
people dislike Gephardt
the ultimate winner was John Kerry who
just floated above the fray in 2016 the
Republican debates have a good chance of
mattering again Jeb Bush leads the field
right now he's the best known he's
raised the most money he's the biggest
network of inside support but Scott
Walker is a more conservative record and
he's run in one three times in a blue
leaning state if he can show he can
shine on a big stage he stands an
excellent chance of breaking out as a
true conservative alternative to Bush
but if he wilts in prime time ever he
ends up outshined by flashier
alternatives like Donald Trump or Ted
Cruz the front-runner will cement his
lead so even though the primary debates
aren't going to draw the same crowds as
the generals they're actually where the
real action is showing us which
candidates will rise and fall you ought
to be paying attention
