something really wild just happened
scientists grew a rat leg from bone and
collagen in a petri dish and it could
change prosthetics forever for most of
human history a prosthetic limb was a
piece of wood or metal roughly shaped
like a hand or leg even through the 19th
and 20th centuries prosthetics were
mainly designed to look like our natural
limbs whether or not they actually
functioned like them but we're now in a
renaissance of prosthetic engineering
with devices that can do everything
natural Lynda's and sometimes more one
of the early models in this new wave or
cheetah blades first worn by a me moans
compete in track and field at the NCAA
level made from carbon fiber they
harness and release energy generated by
each step a person takes like a pair of
Springs these are what Oscar Pistorius
ran on at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Engineers have also built legs for
extreme sports like mountain biking or
skiing there's also be Bionic
often called the terminator hand which
has different grips and gestures that
can be controlled by the flexing of
various forearm muscles other engineers
are working on something even more
amazing prosthetics that can be
controlled by users mind these typically
work with electrodes implanted in the
brain through training people can learn
how to activate specific brain areas
that correspond to particular movements
doctors at messages it's General
Hospital called the rad arm creation of
Biola they say it'll be at least a
decade until we might do this with human
arms but already we've gone from Jamie
Lannister to Luke Skywalker in less than
a century
