okay so it's Christmas and we are on our
way to the National Cathedral to look at
some nativity scenes there's this new
pullout from Pew
that says 65 percent of the American
public believes in basically the truth
of the nativity stories I am a Christian
and I also went to seminary and I
studied religion in school we spent a
lot of time studying the Bible and so I
got to read a lot of what scholars were
saying about you know the infancy
narratives as we would call them from
the Gospels
that one's from Mexico so we can't
really know with certainty one way or
another this is exactly how many
Nativity story unfolded we can't really
say with certainty this is how anything
really unfolded that long ago the first
claimed December 25th is Jesus's
birthday
it could be Jesus's birthday but it's
likely not December is you know month
when pagans would be celebrating
Saturnalia in the third century this
Roman Emperor declares December 25th to
be Sol Invictus is his birthday some
scholars think well maybe Christians
latched ahold of this since that well
we're gonna have our own version of a
December 25th holy day claim to Jesus
was born in a manger because there was
no room for him in the end
a scholar by the name of Kenneth Bailey
questions the translation the word that
we translate in from Luke's Gospel a
better translation might be guestroom so
he thinks there was no room for Mary to
give birth in the guest room of this
house that was already taken so she had
to give birth in the main room of the
house to be clear this isn't like a 21st
century you know living room this is
like first century main room and animals
actually would have been brought in at
night claim three is that three wise men
came to visit Jesus the night of his
birth and brought him gifts the Bible
never says that there were three of them
how we get three is because the Bible
talks about three gifts gold smart and
in a sense could have been a dozen or
could have who knows that's the point we
don't know what's really astonishing is
most Americans believe the Nativity
story to be true whether or not people
agree on all the specifics of the story
I think the point is that most of us
want it want the heart of the Christmas
story to be true which to me is you know
peace on earth goodwill to men
