what do people get wrong about what life
is like in prison on one end of the
spectrum is the fantasy that every
single prisoner jail is a place of
uncontrollable violence because it's
filled with uncontrollably violent
people which is part of the
justification for locking them up in the
first place so in reality as much as
half of our prison and jail population
are folks who are there for nonviolent
offenses you know I never witnessed an
act of violence during the time that I
was incarcerated so that's one end of
the spectrum at the other end of the
spectrum is a fantasy that prisons and
jails are these incredible engines of
rehabilitation and that there's all
these programs going on and that's
really untrue in most prisons and jails
there's very little rehabilitative
activity of any sort going on in the
American correctional system and those
misperceptions get I think to a deep
ambivalence that we have about what
prison is actually for so there's an
idea that prison is for locking people
up so they can't hurt us there's an idea
that prison is for rehabilitating people
there's also an idea out there I think
the prison is just a raw punishment it
is an unpleasant thing that happens to
you to create an incentive to not do
what ever was again and one of the
things that I think is an open question
is whether it actually achieves at this
point any of them well because it was
not meant for any one of them in
particular our recidivism numbers are as
high as two-thirds of people coming home
from prison in jail so if the goal is to
rehabilitate clearly we're failing if
the goal is to make us safer then
clearly those systems are sort of
failing as well because if 2/3 of people
come home and either violate their
probation or parole or commit another
crime there is a distinction between
those two things then what was really
the point of their incarceration in the
first place and then there's a question
of the third right which is there is an
argument that our crime policy which is
a different way of putting them making a
safer point is to just lock violent
people up for very very very long
of time there was an incredible study I
thought the other day or at least a just
look at the raw numbers that show that
even the most liberal states in the u.s.
Vermont have higher incarceration rates
in almost any other country in the world
and I think the argument that people get
at when they try to justify that is that
well this is part of why crime went down
so much in the 90s because we just began
lock everybody up a huge percentage of
the people who are in our prisons and
jails right now are there for nonviolent
offenses a huge huge percentage so in
terms of protecting us from violence
that's simply not what our current
system is doing people who commit
violent crimes do go to prison for very
long periods of time though frankly
people who commit nonviolent drug
offenses sometimes go to prison for
comparable sentences in terms of what
has driven down the crime rate not only
in the United States but all around the
world there's a real lack of consensus
around that so many individual small
theories have been trial balloons but if
you talk about the reduction in index
crimes which are the seven violent
crimes that most concern us those crimes
have that the incidence of those crimes
has declined worldwide in most places
that measure those index crimes so we
can't really claim that any American
criminal justice strategy can take the
credit for our decline in crime rates
because there's really a lack of clarity
and consensus around why crime has
dropped so much but what many people
don't realize is that our crime rates
are so very very low and have been for a
long time so we're in a place now where
you have very similar reported rates of
drug use for white Americans and African
Americans and yet there is a 3.6 3.6
times as likely for an african-american
to be arrested and imprisoned for drug
use then a white American now one of the
arguments people offer around that is
that this really isn't around drugs at
all that drug charges are being used to
imprison people for for other reasons I
know you've done a lot of work in New
York around
stop-and-frisk and how that actually
worked in practice I was one of you
could just expand on that and that kind
of policing using small infractions to
try to get it
what are perceived to be larger crime
problems what we saw in New York is an
explosion of the use of stop and frisk
while Ray Kelly was the head of the NYPD
hundreds and hundreds you know like half
a million New Yorkers were getting
stopped and frisked with a tiny tiny
number of weapons retrieved and a very
low level of citations being written for
very very low level not even crimes
misdemeanors those stop and frisks were
disproportionately focused on
communities of color to a stark stark
extent so if you lived in Brownsville
you were highly likely to be stopped and
frisked multiple times any any day of
the any day or night if you live in Park
Slope which is where I live the
likelihood of you being stopped and
frisked was negligible so the use of the
misuse of the criminal justice system as
a tool of control for poor people poor
communities of color is perhaps the most
deeply distressing and morally repugnant
realities of the last 30 years of
criminal justice policy what about what
happens after presento just mean here
about rehabilitation but I mean about
the size of the probationary in the
parole state which is larger than the
actual prison population at this point
and is a place where people end up under
really a tremendous amount of somewhat
uncertain often quite underfunded
government surveillance and I've heard a
lot of arguments that this is part of
the problem with reentry that the
structures we put on people about where
they can go what they can do how often
they have to check-in whether or not
they have the transportation to get
there it ends up creating a system in
which both actual actual infractions
are not reliably punished but people end
up getting sent back or finding that
they cannot reliably integrate back into
society because what we are asking them
to do in terms of checking back in with
the state in terms of submitting to
oversight is so is unreasonable I
remember when I came home from prison in
2005 you know if you are released from
prison or jail you feel on some level
like you've broken the tape like you
have crossed the finish line you've done
your time and then you need to report to
your probation or parole officer
immediately and it is brought home to
you so powerfully that actually no you
have not completed your sentence the
main thing that we should be most
concerned with is having fewer people
who have felony convictions and so that
question of criminalization of low-level
nonviolent offenders and whether
stamping people with a felony record for
the rest of their lives and all of the
sort of second sentence things that
follow along with that whether that
makes good sense is a really important
question to consider a lot of this I
think does come back to this question of
racial justice because the truth is that
in this country we have a long standing
history of control of some people's
bodies and lives and that government
control of African American people and
people of color has morphed over time
over hundreds and hundreds of years from
one system to another and currently I
think you know Michelle Alexander's
analysis of our present-day situation is
very on point
that too often the criminal justice
system is being used to control
communities of color in very direct ways
you know I think people from all ends of
the political spectrum could agree that
more citizens need to be free of
government control in their everyday
lives
a lot of the same people who exist
within the sort of tough-on-crime
dimension the the high sentencing
dimension in the prison conversation are
also the folks who believe that the core
problem in a lot of these communities is
a breakdown of the nuclear family and
when you have a policy that is putting
so many young african-american men
behind bars and so just by almost
definition ripping apart those families
one of those things needs to stop for
the other to improve I reflect upon the
things that drive crime in the case of
women and those things are really clear
we know what they are it's substance
abuse it's mental illness and it is the
experience of violence whether sexual
violence or other physical violence in a
person's personal history so if you
don't get at those root causes and
frankly if you don't address those root
causes before a person ever krumitz a
crime or you know is at risk of getting
involved in crime then you've basically
failed in terms of a crime strategy some
of the things that drive mens
involvement in crime differ but still we
know what they are and so our reluctance
particularly in poor communities of all
colors and most especially in poor
communities of color to address things
like substance abuse mental illness and
cycles of violence you know those things
are just failures there was a study that
came out recently showing that we have
more severely mentally ill people behind
bars in America than we have in
psychiatric hospitals what would be a
better way to approach this correctional
systems must have the resources to
provide mental health care services and
substance abuse care services as part of
what they do but it would be a huge
mistake to enshrine substance abuse care
and mental health care for poor people
in the criminal justice system which is
sort of where we we've arrived when you
look at the three biggest providers of
mental health care in this country they
are the Los Angeles County Jail Rikers
Island and the Cook County Jail in
Chicago but resources have to go into
poor communities to provide mental
health care and to provide you know
substance abuse care separate from the
criminal
system dramatically separate they need
to go into the public health system if
we want to change that and there is a
very compelling reason to change it
because I can tell you from personal
experience putting mentally ill people
in prison and jail does not make them
better it makes them less healthy how do
you think the conversation on this has
moved in recent years how well do you
think the people who are working on this
and have power over it understand the
underlying issues I think that when you
have conversations with folks who work
in the criminal justice system and I
include people who work in Corrections
you hear a significant recognition of
the fact that the system does not work
the way we expect it to and we need to
do things differently as is so typical
legislators are almost always the last
ones to sort of catch up to public
opinion and to also sort of the
professional opinion of folks who work
in these fields we need a lot more work
on the legislative front reform on
reentry is moving in good directions and
and I would say over the last 10 years
that's sort of the first place that we
began to saw see a significant public
conversation because it's always easy to
talk about you know oh people have paid
their dues so they deserve a second
chance and that is you know on some
level a really fundamental American
value we've seen more movement on the
conditions of confinement so a lot more
interest and comprehension of things
like solitary confinement and the fact
that we have shockingly high numbers of
people in solitary confinement
sometimes her in defensively long
periods of time but the name of the game
is putting fewer people in prison in
jail in the first place and that
requires legislative change so the
smarter Sentencing Act is alive and
moving in Congress right now there are
both House and Senate bills they have
good Republican sponsors right now and
that
is very encouraging so it would reform
mandatory minimum drug sentencing it
would not repeal mandatory minimums it
would simply bring them a little bit
more in line with what common sense
dictates around nonviolent drug offenses
a lot of the innovation and the
leadership is definitely coming out of
the states and those states are not
necessarily blue states either you know
there states like Texas states like
North Carolina and North Carolina
closed I think for prisons recently and
that's exactly where we need to be going
we need to be closing prisons certainly
not building more prisons or shunting
off public money into private prison
corporations in the long run I think a
lot of people look at the lines on the
budget and they just can't keep going
the way they were going over the last
decade and is that part of why it's
become in states a lot less of a
partisan and less of an ideological
issue just because it's become an
economic issue I believe that that is
true I believe that the economics
particularly since the collapse of the
economy in 2008 have driven state
capitals to really reconsider what
they're doing in terms of criminal
justice and specifically prisons and
jails I think that as more and more
conservatives have come to the issue
perhaps via that economic question and
they have become more and more educated
about what has transpired over the last
30 years the moral questions are also
very resonant to those folks sometimes I
think that there are a host of different
values that we can bring to bear in
terms of why we should reduce our prison
and jail population those include
economics they include racial justice
there's a host of different reasons that
we can care about doing things
differently and doing things much better
you
