continued prohibition is probably the
worst thing we could do about cannabis
right now
alcohol style legalization which is
where we're headed is probably the
second worst if we had a national debate
now we might settle on a temperate
cannabis policy and that would get us
the benefits of legalization without an
upsurge in heavy use and use by
juveniles without a national solution
that a national framework for state
cannabis policy we're going to wind up
going down the road we went down with
alcohol toward commercial sale low taxes
loose regulation and that's a bad place
to be proud of although it's not as bad
a place to be for cannabis but it's the
worst place we could be why is it a dumb
idea to regulate cannabis in the States
a lot of things you might want to do is
just a government that you can't do
while it remains federally illegal and
in addition each state is hostage to all
the other states so if Washington wanted
to have tight restrictions and high
taxes and Oregon wanted to have loose
restrictions and low taxes guess what
happens apart from Oregon floods
Washington will get a race to the bottom
even with tobacco right we see now New
York State and particularly North City
have very high tobacco taxes and
something like a third of all the
cigarettes sold in New York City or
smuggled not from Kaliningrad but from
Virginia and it's really hard to stop
that stuff an ounce of cannabis at
illicit market or in the medical stores
now costs around $300 a pack of
cigarettes community waste just about
one ounce new york city and state are
trying to collect eight dollars on a
pack of cigarettes and substantially
failing so now try to collect $300 on an
ounce of cannabis and the concentrates
which i think is going to be the
dominant form
I think burning plant leaves and flowers
and breathing the smoke is going to be
completely out of fashion in ten years
along with burning tobacco leaves
I think we're going to go entirely
cigarette for both markets well one of
the consequences is that's much more so
my global because even much more compact
than herbal cannabis so collecting
state-level taxes on this may really
hard if there's any substantial estate
gradients it's a little weird to be
giving state licenses to commit federal
felonies and it would be nice that to
have a legally sane system when you dug
into the evidence on how cannabis is
actually used and how it might work on
the legalization and what did you end up
thinking were the policy problems of
legalizing weed it's only one thing
wrong with legalizing weed and that's
that a certain number of people will get
in trouble with it and you don't mean
legal trouble no I mean we'll wind up
with cannabis habits that are bad for
them and many of them will know it and
some of them won't
and also that teenagers will use more of
it we don't really want to get back to
1979 when 10 percent of high school
seniors reported that they were daily or
near daily cannabis smokers a lot of
people on the pro legalization side are
still in denial about the cannabis abuse
problem but the numbers are about 33
million people will say in a survey that
they've used cannabis in the last year
about half of those about 16 million say
they've used in the last month of those
about a quarter say they use 25 days or
more per month and eat a different
survey that Bo kelmer Tran did the
people who smoked many days per month
also use a lot more per day and so that
very heavy user group accounts for 85 or
90 or 95 percent of the total cannabis
consumed and about half the people who
are daily or near daily users just from
their own self-report in the surveys
meet clinical criteria for abuse or
dependence cannabis is interfering with
their lives
and they've tried to cut down them they
can't so it's not as bad as an addiction
to cocaine or methamphetamine or the
opiates or alcohol plenty bad enough
that happens to you or your brother or
your kid or your
and one of the questions about a
legalization policy is that waltz banned
for people to end up in the extreme
heavy user category it is incredibly
profitable for a cannabis company to
have people in that category that if you
legalize in a very broad way you would
have incredibly strong economic
incentives to add problem users as
opposed to focus on casual user like
it's not just that the problem users are
profitable it's that nobody else is
profitable more than eighty percent of
what you sell is going to go to people
are smoking too much which is true of
alcohol today as Sholem Aleichem says an
innkeeper loves to drunkard except for a
son-in-law and that's where you are I
mean though when they when the booze
companies tell you they're in favor of
responsible drinking they must mean
they're planning to go to business
responsible drinkers don't build
breweries breweries are built by people
who drink for more drinks a day average
year-round that's the top decile of the
alcohol population it's 50% of the
alcohol consumed but in a different way
46% of all drinks consumed in the US are
consumed as part of drinking binges
anybody who tells you you can legalize
cannabis and not have more drug abuse
it's fully himself of course we're gonna
have more the questions how much more
and my belief is if you can keep the
prices close to the current illicit
prices you won't get a big upsurge in
having used because the heavy users and
the kids who care most about price if
you're a casual cannabis user this stuff
is so cheap you know with your costs
right I mean if you're if you're a naive
user you can get stoned for about two
bucks right the doritos cost more you're
not going to get stoned a lot more often
if it costs a buck instead who care I
mean it's not that it's not the money
that's limiting you if you were smoking
eight joints a day cost of a joint
matters to you talk me through the other
side of it what are the costs of
prohibition now but also the potential
revenues of legalization the rand report
that just came out estimates the
cannabis illegal cannabis market around
forty billion dollars a year forty
billion dollars and people are earning
for breaking the law
that strikes me it's a pretty bad thing
that's now the largest of the illicit
drug markets its its cocaine and
cannabis have flipped over the last ten
years still around that trade six
hundred and fifty thousand people get
arrested for possession every here and
about forty thousand people are behind
bars at any one time
now that's not big compared to the half
million we have behind bars
for drug offenses generally but it's
forty thousand people buying bars that
seems to me like a big cost and I don't
know for how many people
cannabis selling is their introduction
to illicit trafficking 30 s remain
people are breaking the law and
therefore find themselves on the wrong
side of the law and therefore don't
think the policeman is their friend
ironically the repeal of cannabis
prohibition could greatly strengthen
drug law enforcement I mean it's it's
the equivalent of repealing the draft to
oppositions get now more right a lot of
the people who are now Crusaders for for
ending drug prohibition won't care once
their drug is legal revenue prospects
producing that forty billion dollars for
the cannabis and distributing illegal
market might cost you five million
dollars but only if you did it clumsily
John Konkan says he's done the estimates
you can breeze all the THC teaches the
main active agent cannabis produce all
the THC now being consumed in the u.s.
for that forty billion dollars a year on
twenty thousand acres of corn land
basically a dozen Midwestern farms could
produce all of the campus for the u.s.
well I know what it costs to run those
dozen farms but but not a lot of money
and then you'd have to you know cure it
and process it and test it and package
it and label it and distributed and
marketed it still a couple billion
dollars and so the rest of the forty
billion plus whatever the spending is by
the new users is available as tax why do
you think concentrate is going to be
come so dominant ten years I'm curious
about that very a number of reasons most
people don't like to call and we should
say concentrate is when you've
essentially extracted the act of angry
Yeah right so there are a number of
different technologies for taking
cannabis flowers and leaves and
extracting from them the cannabinoids
the active agents not just the THC but
can have a dial and the 90 other
chemicals that are in there and then
that gets put in a variety of forms
there's a liquid form that can go into
something that looks like an e-cigarette
there's also a solids or a waxy form
that can go into a different kind of
vaporizer but in any case you've got
some device that it applies external
heat to the concentrate and you breathe
the vapor as opposed to the current
technology which is you burn the plant
matrix in order to vaporize the active
agents and breathe the smoke well come
on guys
breathing smokes not a good idea and
it's no fun and so I think people
particularly people only use it
occasionally will pay extra not to cough
the more advanced vaporization devices
will actually deliver two measured puffs
which a joint really can't or a pipe
really can well if you had a measured
puff of a tested concentrate you could
actually know how many milligrams are
getting to your brain
you could actually start to control your
cannabis use in a halfway reasonable way
as much as you can control your drinking
experience by having some number of
drinks right if you have three drinks
you know what that does to you you can't
really know that with cannabis now the
product is different the smoking
behaviors are two different it's not
really reproducible from instance to
instance so I think concentrates will
take care of that
in addition half of the active agents in
the plan aren't the flowers right the
current cannabis market only recognizes
flowers as salable material some of us
old guys remember when when leaves were
sold um but that's that's gone that's
that's now regard to the shake there's a
problem here other than that once we
discuss if you have the concentrate
particularly the solids forms the
concentrate you can take a rather large
love of it put it on a metal surface
that's been heated
at hot with a blowtorch and flash
vaporizing and breathe in all those
humans at once and then pass out and
fall down
that's called dabbing and it's
fashionable partly people would kind of
people who chug a bottle of vodka but
partly people who are habituated enough
to cannabis so they really don't get
stoned anymore
and I'm this destroyer was somebody who
dabs the first time and said for the
first time in 20 years I'm stoned on the
other hand three other people on that
occasion went to the emergency room so
if Davin gets to be popular that could
be sort of the crack of cannabis I think
it's probably a fad but we'll have to
see and again the market is going to be
dominated by the tastes of the people
who use a lot of it but to talk to
anybody my age who smoked cannabis back
in the day and they'll complain about
today's cannabis way too strong um and
you ask well why does the market deliver
that and I think the answer is because
most the people are buying in the market
need something very strong to get
through their dollars how is the
political lobbying of the political
coalition's around this changing now
that there appears to be a path for more
money to interest actually make some
real money it does appear to be a path
path for people to make a lot of money I
think it's actually mostly a path to be
able to lose a lot of money I think the
people running the venture funds will
get rich by fleecing the investors I
think most investors will be wiped out
the sure way to double your money in the
legal cannabis business used to fold it
over and put it back in your pocket
because nobody has calculated the price
trajectory here people are making
million-dollar investments on the theory
that they're going to be able to sell
legal cannabis at ten dollars a gram and
when they're selling instead at two
dollars a gram plus tax they're gonna
get foreclosed on but in the mean time
they're going to be driving a lobbying
effort right the National cannabis
Industry Association just hired a
typical k street suit to be their
lobbyists and their interest is in
selling as much as they can
again they can only make money by
selling to people who use too much do
you think given how Colorado and
Washington are progressing it is likely
that people will look at those
experiences and move quickly to legalize
in other states or do you think that the
difficulties are facing are going to
slow this down I think the main thing
that's slowing people down is the 2014
years off year and you want your
cannabis legalization on the ballot in
2016 which is a presidential year on the
other hand if you were a Democrat you
don't count it kind of as legalization
on the ballot in 2014 to bring out the
kids I think the medical marijuana bill
in Florida may very well elect Charlie
Crist huh because people come out for
that but yeah I think people are waiting
for 2016 I think there going to be some
bad outcomes in Colorado in Washington
and not any bad outcomes the voters know
or care about the the bad risks are
mostly long-term so we're in the
situation of the guy you jump to the off
the Empire State Building and as you
passed the 42nd floor somebody said
how's it going says so far so good and I
think that's what we're going to be in
2016 I do not think I mean I think there
will be some bad outcomes I don't think
they'll be bad outcomes that that move
the voters there'll be more heavy
cannabis use by minority kids not
something that's going to drive the
political process very hard and my
buddies on the drug war side of this
debate are telling you is me horrible
outcomes maybe a backlash I think
they're dreaming your dream an end but
but because they're having that dream or
because of their own sort of career
needs we're not getting the people who
are worried about drug abuse arguing
well now that we legalized let's do it
in a sensible way you know if I had to
guess what the outcome is it will be
will get a patchwork of relatively loose
state level policies and then at some
point the federal government will
recognize that and will have essentially
the alcohol system for cannabis without
ever having gone through the debate
about what a tight system would be
you
