Andrew Helms and Matt pence wrote
own-goal the inside story of how the US
men's national team missed the World Cup
the actual own gold that doomed the
United States in 2018 becomes a metaphor
for bad mismanagement poor development
and infighting the doomed the US men's
bid to qualify in the World Cup that
analysis and reporting is great and it
hits it the big problems with American
soccer today but the US soccer problem
goes back a lot further than that this
chart shows the u.s. men's national
team's World Cup record at the top are
the best finishes the highest on its
third place at the bottom 16th place and
all these dots these are the times the
third most populous country with the
largest global wealth failed to even
qualify this is bigger than a known goal
and it's not because soccer isn't as
American as apple pie we have proof
Americans suck at the game they call
soccer but there are also the best in
the world these are the US women's world
cup performances since play started in
1991 chance chance chance it's not about
American culture it's about the American
men's game and when you stop looking at
the present and start looking at the
past you find a lost Golden Age of
American soccer you also find the reason
it's been doomed for almost 100 years
in 1926 46,000 americans crowded into a
Manhattan stadium to see Hikawa in
all-star European soccer team lose to
Americans in the paper that same day a
season-high Yankees baseball game that
4,000 fewer people went to see the 1920s
was American soccers Golden Age but to
understand it you have to go even
further back in the 1860s soccer and
rugby existed on a bit of a continuum
people played a little bit of everything
in 1863 rules were finally established
in England to build a game that played
more like the soccer we know the u.s.
diverged from the English soccer game
with the first harvard/yale football
game which would quickly turn into
American football until then Ivy League
colleges had played a more soccer like
game but Harvard challenged Yale to a
rugby style game they'd learned from
McGill in Canada that game was a hit and
Ivy's like Princeton quickly picked it
up that was the first split between
European and American football culture
by 1905 soccer was still being tested in
America as college football took off but
the tragedy of World War 1 slowed down
European sports culture in the 20s
America started catching up in soccer in
1925 for example when Cincinnati built a
new stadium they assumed baseball and
soccer would both be part of the mix
Americans even stole British and
Scottish Talent enticing players for the
coming international sport English
stadiums had the biggest crowds but the
US was part of the growing international
audience for the sport the twenty saw a
formidable soccer presence in the US
with big attendance numbers that
development helped America score a
third-place finish in the World Cup in
but that was the beginning of the end
American soccer always had a weird
structure with a league the ASL or
American Soccer League and a governing
Association the u.s. FA or United States
Football Association the u.s. FA was
American soccers liaison to FIFA and the
international community the u.s. FA and
ASL had a long feud that was resolved
one day only to pick up again the next
the ASL wanted to change soccer rules
and add ideas that were uniquely
American at the time like substitutions
and the penalty box the u.s. FA didn't
not clear enough just look at the names
these two organizations
couldn't even agree on what to call the
game and this this is what happens when
acronyms take over your sport
FIFA's at the top they threatened to
kick out the USF a because the ASL was
recruiting those European players FIFA
didn't like that at all
USFA agreed to sanctions ASL got mad and
pulled out of a big USFA tournament
three ASL teams went over and played
anyway which got them kicked out by the
ASL they whined to the US FA which
kicked out the ASL so then the ASL
played without us FA approval so the US
FA made a new leak with their own teams
yeah all this acronym infighting split
soccer teams players and fans in half
civil wars they are not fun they patched
things up again in 1929 but it was too
late the Great Depression hit the
financial system and teams were already
weakened the depression forced many of
them to fold the United States entered a
soccer Dark Ages while Europe and South
America steadily built these
sophisticated leagues that people wish
America had today short-lived American
leagues have had cash but the mass
enthusiasm was stuck in the 1920s for
women a small fanbase and lack of
private development wasn't a problem
development of the women's game was
behind the men's game across the world
in the absence of a significant league
business federal programs like title 9
in America effectively mandated a
women's team in schools wherever there
was a men's team but for men you can
rightly talk about development leagues
and bad coaching and own goals but when
you see a pie like this you don't blame
the crust or the apple orchard or the
textured aluminum rap he blame the thing
that smashed it
the soccer Wars put the United States on
the sidelines during a crucial
half-century in which global sports
acquired fans talent and cash can
American men catch up today maybe but
it's a long show so if you want a
slightly less depressing look at
American soccer check out this video
from our friends at SP nation they
chronicled the historic 1999 US Women's
National Team victory it's pretty
amazing you take a shower now
