Trump has made CNN into an unlikely hero
you say quatre you are fake dude sir go
and use repeatedly criticizing the
network court coverage of this
administration ratings are as good as
some of the other people that's let CNN
play the part of the embattled news
network we say Q is killing you the CNN
fake news but the truth is a lot of this
is theater
CNN plays a really important role in
mainstreaming Trump's misinformation and
that's because Cena's approach to
covering politics often prioritizes
drama and spectacle over serious
truth-telling
if you want to understand how CNN covers
Trump you have to understand Jeff Zucker
the network's president since 2013
sucker came to the network from NBC
where he oversaw shows like Fear Factor
and yet to be Apprentice
his background is entertainment
television and to Zucker politics is
essentially a big game he told New York
Times Magazine the idea that politics is
sport is undeniable and we understood
and approached it that way can't believe
that's a real quote oh boy you can see
that approach in a lot of how CNN covers
politics flashy countdown clock dramatic
graphics pre and post debate panels
essentially become the ESPN of politics
you video Stanford you know what but the
clearest parallel between CNN and
typical sports coverage is the screaming
matches turn on CNN and you'll almost
certainly see an argument between hosts
pundits and commentators turn on CNN's
primetime shows and you'll see that same
argument between a much bigger panel of
people that were yelling about these
shows are clear relatives of ESPN shows
like first take which pic commentators
against each others argue about whatever
news story what's happening that day
this is a blow hold on this is the
problem you can actually see some pretty
clear parallel in the format and studio
sets of these show this type of news
coverage centered around pundits arguing
with each other makes for cheap easy TV
it's loud it's traumatic and it requires
no original reporting yeah unlike you
but in the age of Trump it's turned CNN
into a circus of misinformation it's
created a huge demand for people who are
willing to go on TV and defend
from and that leaves CNN booking less
and less credible get people in the
studio or even laughing so you end up
with arguments between seasoned
political analysts and the death panel
later I'm gonna have to cut this
interview short a time where you get
anywhere well about five million people
will lose coverage not 24 million but
there's there's so many things wrong
with what you said I'm not gonna have a
chance to get also not and it's resulted
in CNN hiring a small army of paid Trump
supporters people like Jeffrey Lord and
Kaylee Mecca nanny for the specific
purpose of participating in arguments
about Trump while hiring paid political
commentators is it new for news network
CNN's Trump pundits are unique in the
ridiculous links they'll go to to defend
Trump as mom ever said anything about
race that's wrong he hasn't said that
much about race to be perfectly candid
they make inflammatory arguments that
shut down entire segments but that's not
the tweet said the tweet said the
electoral vote is harder the Latino is
no afraid they misrepresent Trump's
positions which I thought we said that
was being spun into that's not what the
president said again that's not what the
prize we did and alleged not what he
said that's that is and that's not what
those story I'll say that's when I
didn't gloss now and they say false and
misleading things on national TV while
being paid by CNN this article does not
say what you and other top surrogates
are saying that it's it Susan Rice was
unmasking American names disseminating
that information to new no in a lot of
cases CNN's Trump pundits are repeating
the misinformation that CNN serious
journalists spend all day trying to
debunk we've had the reporter on twice
saying you are wrong right my article
did not say what Sean Spicer in the
White House and you are claiming it or
it says CNN does this because they know
that fighting makes for entertaining TV
in a quote that should make your skin
crawl
Tucker told New York Times Magazine
everybody says oh I can't believe you
have Jeffrey Lord or Kelly mekin any but
you know what they know who Lord and
Meccan any are I know nut receives his
approach from pundits as characters in a
drama and they are CNN's fighting based
approach to politics is nothing if not
dramatic
much like on Fear Factor or The
Apprentice it's manufactured drama side
by side it should be noted this is about
arguments not insults CNN books
wackadoodle Trump supporters to make
sure that every segment is poised to
become a disorienting screaming match
just look at how CNN reacted when
Jeffrey Lord went on live TV and said
this think of President Trump is the
Martin Luther King of health care I'm
Jesse a CNN you it would get people
angry and walking so within hours Lorde
was back on air to spend two full
prime-time segments arguing about it our
very own Jeffrey Lord making a statement
today that raised a lot of eyebrows
let's discuss it now CNN hired a
 artist invited him to say
ridiculous things on TV and then turned
that into his own mini TV drama
we don't judge people by color in this
country that is racist as yes every
degree and its drama that Trump directly
benefits from BuzzFeed recently reported
that Trump quietly pushes his surrogates
to appear on CNN even while he publicly
criticizes the network's coverage
Jeffrey Lord oh you fight so hard this
would all be fine and normal this was
reality television or ESPN but it's not
at its most basic level political
journalism is about keeping viewers
informed about how the government is
impacting their day to day lives
that can't happen when CNN treats every
story it's a chance to reopen the
Thunderdome when you treat politics like
a sport you're going to end up with
youth coverage that cares more about
watching people score political points
than about telling the truth
