and prior administrations government has
supported the fight against white
extremism they've recognized the threat
within our own borders but some of those
policies might change maybe we hear
things about white extremism being
removed from the countering violent
extremism focus I think if that's a
mistake from dozens of Jewish community
centers receiving bomb threats yesterday
alone bomb threats phoned in 211 Jewish
community centers across several cities
in this country to cemeteries and
synagogues being desecrated two police
officers in Las Vegas being targeted
specifically because their law
enforcement by militiamen a couple
entered this pizzeria around 11:30
yesterday and shot officers igor saldo
and allan beck at point-blank range the
millers then covered the bodies with a
swastika and a Gatson flag we have a
domestic terrorism issue that we hardly
talk about because we're so focused on
the threat coming from overseas when
Dylan roof writes a manifesto
proclaiming his hate for people and
saying that he wants to murder people to
progress his agenda that to me is
terrorism that's no different than an
Isis propaganda video the imagery of
white supremacy has changed over the
last three decades it's gone from what
you would consider your normal racist to
something that's more mainstream suits
and ties fashionable haircuts and
clothes that would never identify them
as neo-nazis until they open their
mouths
so you think the solution is that we
designate certain nations maybe certain
states in the United States as white
states I think that might perhaps be the
ideal and that was a concerted effort
because we knew that we were turning
more people away that we could
eventually have on our side if we just
soften the message these days with our
political climate we see a lot of coded
language or dog whistles the use of Star
of David when talking about politicians
we used to say that the Jews controlled
media and now they've just massaged the
phrase to call it liberal media and make
America great again
well to them that means make America
white again
white nationalists just like any other
extremist group promised paradise they
promised that the problems of crime and
the problems of white genocide are gonna
go away and that you come from a very
white noble cause and that your culture
is worth protecting the problem is as
nobody's trying to take that away from
you the only problems that they have are
the ones that they inflate with
propaganda with fake news where they
teach you that blacks commit more crimes
against white people or that Jews
control the media and the finance system
these are all conspiracy theories
there's no basis and truth and I know
this because I helped create those lives
from the very beginning and I helped
spread them and ultimately I believed
them myself
and I infected that lie into other
people that were innocent
and even 20 years later after I left the
movement
I'm still pulling up the weeds from all
those seeds of hate that I planted which
is why I've dedicated the last 20 years
of my life to help eradicate racism
