do you recognize this record-breaking
pioneer of aviation how about this one
still no okay okay how about now
yep that's Amelia Earhart enjoying a
ticker-tape parade in her honor she's
often thought of as the first or the
greatest female pilot of her time her
accomplishments are widely known among
them being the first woman and second
person ever to solo non-stop across the
Atlantic Ocean she was a daring and
ambitious pilot but so were her peers
like Louise Thaden still the only pilot
ever to hold the woman's speed altitude
and solo endurance records
simultaneously in 1929 she won the
Women's Air Derby the first women's
transcontinental Eretz her friend and
rival Amelia Earhart placed third after
wrecking early on in the race or
consider Ruth Nichols who held three
simultaneous flying records in 1931
that year she flew higher faster and
farther than any woman in the world
Amelia's contemporaries were some of the
best pilots at the time but they faded
into obscurity while Amelia a pretty
average pilot in comparison became a
legend in her lifetime so what set her
apart from the other record-setting
female pilots some of whom were
measurably better at flying it was all
planned that way
the year was 1927 American aviator
Charles Lindbergh became the first
person to fly solo non-stop across the
Atlantic Ocean and people went wild
aviation was becoming an American
obsession and Lindbergh was an instant
hero he was even Time Magazine's first
ever man of the year and that was an
opportunity for George Palmer Putnam an
influential American publisher to cash
in on the aviation craze he persuaded
Lindbergh to write a book about his
historic flight we was a massive success
and Lindbergh three-month promotional
tour made him one of the most
recognizable celebrities in the world
soon after wealthy socialite Amy Phipps
guest acquired a powerful tri-motor
airplane so she could become the first
woman flown over the Atlantic Ocean but
her family refused to allow something so
dangerous so she decided to spawn
our young aviatrix to go instead she
asked GP Putnam to find her the right
sort of girl to make the historic flight
Putnam settled on a 30 year old social
worker and enthusiastic amateur pilot
named you guessed it Amelia Earhart with
her short hair and boyish good looks she
struck a strong resemblance to American
icon Charles Lindbergh Putnam saw an
opportunity for another best seller for
Amelia it was an opportunity to realize
her dream a career in aviation she
didn't actually touch any of the
controls during the flight she wrote as
a passenger and became the first woman
across the Atlantic by air in 1928 pilot
is none other than America's Miss Amelia
Earhart world leading lady flier it
catapulted her from relative obscurity
into international headlines and that
was all orchestrated by George Putnam
who was already working with a lot of
male aviators on record-setting flights
and publicity so he was a master of that
Putnam soon had Amelia working on a book
about her flight he organized a
publicity tour and fed her new nickname
to the press lady Lindy she flew she
lectured and also wrote an aviation
column in Cosmopolitan magazine which
she used as a platform to promote
aviation and to encourage other women to
enter the field
she even endorsed products like Lucky
Strike cigarettes and a line of designer
luggage to finance her flying career in
Amelia reluctantly married George Putnam
and together they worked to further her
career through publicized
record-breaking record-setting making
headlines was the way people were making
a living in aviation and that's what
Amelia did she often said I set a record
and then I lecture on it she wanted to
fly and she did what she needed to do to
make it happen see at the time there was
no such thing as commercial aviation or
professional flying after war one
surplus planes could be bought cheap and
they were mostly used for mail carrying
smuggling and something called
barnstorming a shockingly reckless
practice of public air stunts
Barnstormers traveled from town to town
taking people up for rides and pulling
off maneuvers that terrified and
delighted crowds and newspapers it was a
dangerous practice but it was the only
way to make money as a pilot and
flying experience in the early 20s and
it actually helped launch the careers of
some of America's greatest aviators
including Bessie Coleman and Charles
Lindbergh as barnstorming eventually
fell by the wayside record-setting and
exploration became the media's fixation
fly and that's exactly what Amelia and
her contemporaries set out to do in
order to support their careers that
Arizona is the Golden Age of flight
so all this record-setting was exciting
everyone and getting people to be
familiar with aviation considered as a
form of transportation and invest in it
so these early pilots served a purpose
to make it familiar and get people
excited about it this record and setting
a new time mark for women it took me
about 19 hours and
few minutes to make the trip I wish I
could have done it faster Emilia was
very comfortable with the press she
learned very early how to talk to them
you know when she was flying she looked
very much like a man but when she was on
camera she came across as much more
soft-spoken so in that way she didn't
threaten her audiences even though she
was doing this extraordinary thing
making a career in aviation but Emilia
wasn't satisfied with being a passenger
in the historic flight that made her
famous she referred to her role in it as
a sack of potatoes and wanted to change
that so she decided to become the second
person ever to solo the Atlantic Ocean
Putnam again making the arrangements and
on the fifth anniversary of Lindbergh
daring flight Amelia took off in her red
Lockheed Vega eventually touching down
in Northern Ireland yeah you see lady
Lindy fellow flight across the Atlantic
the admiration of the whole world what a
wonderful woman she liked Linda she had
made this really you know courageous
flight people were still routinely
getting killed flying across the
Atlantic Ocean so the fact that she did
that on her own really gave her
credibility the reaction was crazy but
it had been crazy for Charles Lindbergh
two million went from amateur pilot to
national treasure in just four years
her publicity campaigns not only crafted
her image as the premier female pilot
they also allowed her to keep fly and
while she might not be the most skilled
pilot of her time 80 years since her
disappearance she's still the most
enduring but also admired for her grace
and charm
she was the hold of headlines for almost
10 years here at the height of her fame
she arrives in New York City Hall
America's top woman pilot a woman who
asked no quarter in competing in the
world of men in 19
