my fellow marries it has been the honor
of my life to serve it together we will
make America great again
thank you god bless you and God bless
america how does it feel to feel happy
happy I feel good more than a million
Americans I'm sending a message to
President Trump on the day after his
inauguration women leading marches
across this country really around the
world who treats a woman that way and
he's setting that example for all the
kids that are growing up in America that
it's okay to treat women the way he
treats them which is
there was chaos and confusion at
airports today as president Trump's
immigration crackdown took effect they
are being greeted by attorneys volunteer
attorneys who have come to help anyone
who has been detained there's a mistake
moonlight you guys won best picture an
absolute shame humanity that's how the
international aid organization care is
describing the deepening humanitarian
crisis in Yemen as children have paid
the highest price in a war now in its
third year protests on streets of
Venezuela turning deadly today's vote
gives Venezuelan president Nicolas
Maduro full control of the assembly if
tiempo en la calle lucha no more linear
time you see who
the event was billed as a protest
against plans to remove a Confederate
monument in Charlottesville Virginia but
at the end of a violent day one woman
was killed and 19 other people were
injured
you had a group on one side that was bad
and you had a group on the other side
that was also very violent I come today
with a very heavy heart because
President Trump our president has
literally betrayed the conscience of our
country 22 dead 59
back on stage 13 days after the bombing
that injured and killed so many young
fans
North Korea late today launching a new
missile flying higher and longer than
any missile that country has launched
before rocket man should have been
handled a long time ago royal decree has
been issued in Saudi Arabia giving women
the right to drive a country once afraid
of change now it seems changing all at
once total solar eclipse the first scene
coast-to-coast across America in nearly
a century the United States will
withdraw from the Paris climate Accord
this will be the day that the United
States resigned as the leader of the
free world
when you work your entire life to create
something and you see it gone it's very
difficult it's very hard hurricane Irma
is now the most powerful storm ever
recorded in the open Atlantic Ocean two
days after Hurricane Maria all of Puerto
Rico is still without power and may have
no electricity for months to come
earthquake has just struck Mexico City
so many everyday citizens running in to
help as I'm sure you can imagine we are
devastated and we are still processing
all of this it all started with
Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein and
since then the floodgates have opened we
tried to find one place where women were
safe so we googled sexual harassment and
Arctica we found this article for five
 days ago unlike someone what
about the president listen okay if you
got your bang bang out and she got all
her clothes off you're wrong
Dennison 7.3 magnitude earthquake has
rocked the Middle East overnight
hundreds dead along the board of Iran
and Iraq an urgent search for survivors
now wouldn't you love to see one of
these NFL owners when somebody
disrespects our flag they say get that
son of a bitch off the field right now
out he's fired fired this is a protest
about whether or not the country is
fulfilled its promise of equal
protection under the law
to all of its citizenry and that
conversation is one no one wants to have
more than 300 people were killed in what
scene is the worst attack in Egypt's
modern history it's the first time that
the militants target worshippers inside
a mosque more than half a million rahega
refugees have left Myanmar from
Bangladesh fleeing what the United
Nations has called a quote textbook
example of ethnic cleansing President
Robert Mugabe has resigned this has been
an incredible mission an incredible
spacecraft and you're all an incredible
team I'm going to call this bit of
mission project manager off the net you
know now that our professional wrestlers
are presidents
anything is possible you know that
statement anything is possible used to
have a positive connotation anything is
possible now we're all like anything is
possible
hey and one last thing I just want to
say anything is possible Vox video fans
anything Happy New Year peace
