this brown goopy material looks like mud
but it's alive it's made of fire ants
Solenopsis Invicta that's a Latin word
for undefeated and indeed these fire
ants have just survived a major threat
to their colony their mound was shoveled
into a bucket that was slowly filled
with water but they survived and the
reason they did is the same reason they
were brought to this particular place
it's not a zoology lab or an ecology
study this is the engineering school at
the Georgia Institute of Technology I
guess my first question is what makes
fire ants interesting to a bunch of
engineers finance are one a few insects
capable of building big structures with
their bodies and they can do it by
linking their bodies together that means
fire ants are just animals they can also
be seen as a sort of material that you
can test like a fabric or a gel and you
can trace that behavior back to their
evolutionary history red imported fire
ants are native to flood plains in South
America where the rainy season regularly
inundates their underground homes the
ants that stick together and stay with
the Queen have a better chance of
reproducing so they've gotten really
good at basically holding hands and
floating until they find any place to
live in the 1930s or 40s fire ants to
the US and they've spread across the
southern states Alabama officials are
warning of something that to me is
straight out of a nightmare it's a pile
of fire ants clustered together to
survive now you can find this invasive
species alongside roads in cities like
Atlanta easy access for the researchers
at Georgia Tech who have done pretty
much anything you could think to do to a
colony of fire ants and still call it
science ends I 9 which is radioactive
flash freezing the liquid
nitrogen and an elastic band to the
waste of another hand and then you pose
it in gold but that's just standard
they've created mathematical models to
describe the ants behavior and they
characterize the and Falls as a
viscoelastic material which means they
have properties of both the fluid and a
solid there are solid in that they're
elastic so for example if I you know
take a spring you squish it don't give
you back thinners but they also act like
a viscous fluid when under stress
breaking and reforming links to
dissipate energy in a way that resembles
a slow flow and that's basically how
fluids work they have very small and
weak bonds everywhere like water has
these hydrogen bonds it's because they
the bonds can break and then reseal
really easily you can see this happening
when they're dropped in water within a
few minutes they've spread out like a
drop of dye in their study of the towers
that fire ants build after floods whose
team found that the ants released their
links when the stress is more than two
to three times the weight of an ant
that's when they transition from solid
to fluid behavior they're not sure why
the ants build these towers but it may
have to do with the fact that answer
more water repellent when they're linked
together which is how they stay afloat
during a flood they link the bodies so
closely together they actually generate
a weave like a waterproof fabric so air
bubbles actually have to do work to
escape the ants aren't drowning because
they can get air from those bubbles
what's so incredible about swarming
animals is that there's no leader
directing the colony to do this and that
sort of decentralized collective action
may be a model for future technologies
modular robotics has been the dream of
roboticists and they're still working on
it but it you know these anthem has come
a million years and a revival in or
around 440 so I think you know robots
that really you know do act like a clue
it in like a solid I'm hoping that this
work will inspire more people to pursue
that
