in the event that the world destroys
itself historic flooding a crops failing
may mean the extinction of the human
species through some sort of terrible
catastrophe there is one insurance
policy and it is right behind me
default is a place where the world has
stored the genetic information of like
thousands and thousands of plants and
crops in some scenario that the world
not able to facilitate the growth of
past crops they will come to the seed
vault the seat belt has 135,000 genetic
deposits it's not just the deposit of
see actually a deposit of genetic
information ingredients that scientists
could use to engineer new strange plants
new strains of DNA that could be
suitable for whatever state the worlds
in so this is just the entrance to the
vault it's just like the first layer it
goes way back into the mountain last
October some an unexpected rain in this
area got water into the main entrance
hopefully the flooding would get in and
just kill the cauliflower see it froze
and turned into this kind of icy mess
which didn't necessarily threaten the
seeds but what it did is it woke people
up to the fact that this wasn't as
future-proof as we thought it gonna be
the lessons from this flooding drama is
that as the whole region warms two times
faster than the rest of the world it has
these crazy consequences that happen
seemingly overnight
