this is the room arguably the worst film
ever made are lying I never hit you
you have Tammy partly shop thousands of
people have willingly paid money to
watch this often many times which begs
the question why this is Tom Bissell
he literally co-wrote the book on this
movie the room was about a perfect
American named Johnny who does an
amazing job at his bank and is
constantly saving the money did you tell
them how much you say them of course
what do you think they already put my
ideas into practice and he lives with
his future wife after all she's my
future wife Lisa is your future wife and
he thinks he has a great life with him
together but she's secretly sleeping
with his best friend mark oh hi mark
I've seen the room more than a hundred
times in less than a hundred and fifty
times it is like a movie made by an
alien who has never seen a movie but has
had movies thoroughly explained to him a
lot of the dialogue makes no sense
characters say and do things that never
really line up with how actual humans
behave how much is it it'll be 18 keep
the change
hi doggie you're my favorite customer
thanks a lot bye and there's a table
full of framed photographs of spoons for
some reason there's not often that a
work of film has every creative decision
that's made in it on a moment-by-moment
basis seemingly be the wrong one it's a
famously incoherent piece of American
cinema that's established a rabid cult
following a celebrity fanbase I've had
Tommy Wiseau up here everything I
remember I saw it with Jonah Hill
actually randomly and then and like we
became obsessed with it and there are
still sold out monthly midnight
screenings in countries across the globe
even 14 years after its release why is a
movie that's so incoherent and so
critically panned still so popular the
room falls into a category that some
call Paris cinema which comprises all
forms of cinema out
out of the mainstream including art film
horror Elvis flicks government hygiene
films pornography and beach party
musicals so basically all of the good
stuff the room is more specifically
referred to as a trash film the genre
films that are low-budget amateurishly
produced and don't fit into the
standards of mainstream filmmaking it
may seem like only people with bad taste
would like movies that are literally
categorized as trash but studies show
that a taste for trash cinema might
actually indicate higher levels of
intelligence researchers at the Max
Planck Institute for empirical
aesthetics asked people who regularly
watch trash films about what attracts
them to the genre they found that one of
the main factors that draws people the
trash cinema is its transgressive nature
and its subversion of the standards of
mainstream filmmaking which are often
the same reasons people are drawn to
avant-garde art cinema if you look on
Amazon the movies that people bought in
addition to the room is a solid mix
between trash classics like Birdemic and
troll 2 and art house films like the
holy mountain and dancer in the dark one
of the other reasons that people are
drawn to trash cinema is an ironic
viewing stance which is also called camp
Susan Sontag once wrote that camp
asserts that good taste is not simply
good taste that there exists indeed a
good taste of bad taste
ironic enjoyment of bad entertainment
can be a powerful social tool that can
strengthen bonds between people just
look at rebecca black's viral sensation
Friday
despite having almost universally bad
reviews this video has a hundred and
eight million views and Counting it's
hard to deny that many of us like to
collectively bask in the warm glow of
campy entertainment
fans of cult films like the room are no
different they establish what
sociologist Pierre Bourdieu termed
cultural capital which is a form of
social currency that dictates one's
position within a group people at the
screenings who know the most lines by
heart and participate in all the inside
jokes are deemed room veterans and the
screenings are a sight to see
the mood is ranges from startling
cruelty shocking misogyny to
unbelievable
inventiveness and real joy people throw
plastic spoons wear costumes and yell
call and response lines at the screen
the fan interaction is similar to other
called classics like Rocky Horror
Picture Show the room to me shatters the
distinction between good and bad do I
think it's a good movie no do I think
it's a strong movie that moves me on the
level that art usually moves me
absolutely not but I can't say it's bad
because it's so watchable it's so fun
it's brought me so much joy how can
something that's bad do those things for
me everyone says oh you have to go and
see it for the first time with a live
audience and I say are you crazy you
absolutely do not see it for the first
time in a live audience because you
can't hear a single goddamn line because
everyone shouts and sings and screams
over the entire movie you don't have any
idea what's going on in a theatre when
you see it for the first time you have
to see it at home preferably alone first
or with a very close loved one that you
can hold afterwards for reassurance
