I'm training a sled dog right now
my friend sasha curating a pack of cute
cuddly sled dogs as she's training to be
a team
pero si si si si si bike yoga therapist
real article recently pistachio
constrictions the most abundant source
of a big blocks just values villages
okay I was told to turn around as soon
as I got to the polar bear warning sign
Sasha gave me this vest and said that if
you leave the settlement without a gun
you have to be wearing something bright
to scare off polar bears okay now I'm
running with a dog named your little
snowball or nuke
come on see you do this so it sauces
goal to curate a group of Russian dogs
this dog is named Dan
he's given me a run for my money there's
a tricky thing about these dogs being
Russian dogs even though they have an
origin in Russian traditional culture
meaning these breeds were literally
created by Russian communities many
years ago even though that's the case
dog breeding in the 20th century became
this very official enterprise and with
that came all this Authority and
bureaucracy surrounding and it's kind of
these international conventions and
authorities to set the parameters of
what is a husky and what is a golden
retriever excuse my ignorance I don't
really know many dog breeds pager but
during this time when dog breeding
became super official and international
the Soviet Union was isolated from the
world people from the Soviet Union and
couldn't go to dog shows in Spain and
Portugal in the United States and so
because of that the Western world kind
of co-opted these breeds so the all
these Russian dogs that we're looking at
here are technically under the authority
and administered by the Nordic dog union
it's kind of a strange irony I'm not
going to tell Sasha that they might
burst their bubble
but the mean little snowball you'll
always be rushing here we are again with
tor who happens to be not only Norwegian
and Nordic but also the son of a
world-renowned dog breeder and dog show
judge the tour are these dogs Russian or
do they belong to the authority of the
Nordic doggies yes Oh talk to my mom
about this and she was like oh yeah
they're all Nordic but then I was like
Iberian husky is someone yet from
Sumeria clearly these are Russian I
think they're Russian they're developed
3,000 years ago by you it's a variant
people and then some Europeans to
discover them or taken away from your
confidence and to say like oh we're
going to take over from here good job I
think they're Russian
