we begin tonight with the bombshell
announcement from fox news that their
biggest star is out
this comes after several advertisers
drop the show due to allegations of
sexual harassment it is hard to
overstate how stunning a development
this is wrong with you are you
celebrating have you seen a Reilly's
replacement not good not good
look Fox News firing Bill O'Reilly is a
big deal the guy was the biggest name in
cable news and the fact that Fox fired
him after a ton of pressure from
advertisers is a good thing but before
we get too excited
consider a Reilly's replacement there's
not a good time taking over O'Reilly as
a p.m. slot is tougher halston a guy who
downplayed Trump's sexual assault
comment we have another post by saying
this the words are indefensible they're
not inexplicable I mean nobody is
actually shocked by this and everyone is
pretending to be he's also said things
like this it's not like Hillary's some
communist or something you know what I
mean there's just something a power that
feels castrating he comes on television
I involuntarily cross my legs I don't
think anybody would be standing with
Wendy in Texas if she weren't a handsome
woman great these are probably the least
offensive clips you'll see in this video
by the way taking over Tucker spot is
Fox News's nightmare Greek chorus the
plot
is Harry you look like you can handle
those cigars
oh my gosh she got a hundred cat girls
let me add a hundred one damn baby or a
piece of woman lot she's a perfect
five also has a new permanent co-host
Jesse Watters who used to go on Bill
O'Reilly show and harass women during
bro on the street segments like this
giver do the ThighMaster I can't say
she's got really nice leg what have you
done to contribute to that sexiness so
let me see your sexiest look right now
you take a lot of bubble baths here you
smell really nice oh I would not like
that at all am i doing anything wrong no
you just seen yourself taking over the 5
o'clock spot is Eric Bolling who now has
his own show this guy migraines may
ensue or you'll bleed from your eyes and
your nose or or whatever but I would
happy considered boobs on the ground or
no Valerie it was wonderful Gretchen
very very beautiful dress that a great
color and summery Gretchen's beautiful
murder today beautiful dress you look
wonderful fun fact about Eric Bolling
he's hosted a few segments with
Professor Carolyne Heldman it was one of
the women who accused Bill O'Reilly a
sexual harassment one I guess how those
segments went the great doctor of Makati
said they said most American thing you
can do all right let's go to dr. Makati
if dr. Elman it's not just last
primetime turn on Fox during the day and
you'll see the same thing the only thing
harder than Brenda's outfit today you
were making love with your boyfriend
Andrea if you melt like that you are
wearing all right now when you interview
her will she be sitting on your lap one
can only hope the worst though might be
possum friends we're speed goosey and
brine so meet have spent years harassing
women including their own co-hosts if
you wear something please get naked I've
dried that goes for you yeah I would
come back from commercials see if they
listen let's take a second and think
about Molly's quad development all okay
we're done babes chicks what do you call
him Steve skirts she is a wonderful
actress and she's got a great body you
like my masseuse or male masseuse just
so I know oh you know what I go through
come on over and make my dinner well
yeah absolutely I'll Jam some stuffing
and that doesn't touch on the sexism and
objectification that occurs on Fox every
day I think it's better to be a dude in
all situations just saying this is on
chicks didn't then give you the
kitchen like Fox and Friends bizarre
obsession with lingerie football they
are the perfect combination of sex and
violence doing some sideline dribbling
our own Brian kill me there's going to
have right go down Oh Geraldo wrong
still not a good time how much confetti
did you buy this all reflects a deeper
problem inside a box last July Fox News
CEO Roger Ailes resigned after
widespread allegations of sexual
harassment Roger Ailes is out stepping
down amid allegations of sexual
harassment a New York Times
investigation found a culture of
harassment at Fox with multiple women
reporting inappropriate behavior from
their supervisors and the problem goes
to the top of Fox's corporate ladder Fox
executives like Bill Cheyne who got
promoted after Ailes resigned are
reported to have helped cover up sexual
harassment complaints a lot of the main
players especially bill shine played an
integral role in the cover-up of these
sexual harassment claims they pushed
women into confidential mediation
signing non-disclosure agreements in
exchange for their contracts to be paid
even the allegations against Bill
O'Reilly aren't you they date back to
2004 Fox News protected their superstar
for over a decade before advertiser
pressure forced them to take action but
even if you ignore what's happening
inside of Fox News Fox's on-air
programming should be enough to make
advertisers think twice about sticking
with the network I think the studio crew
has found something that is piqued their
interest do you think about this I think
and if you think Oh Riley's firing will
change that watch what happened just
hours after Fox announced that he
wouldn't be coming back to the network
that's all you dressmaker I'd give him a
raise I'm saying we're giving America
Johnson Oh God
that was Greg Gutfeld on the five joking
on live TV about how his female co-host
dress was giving the country a race now
thanks to O'Reilly's firing he has a
prime-time spot on Fox News
