I idolized Chad Muska as a
thirteen-year-old I wore the whole getup
you know with my skater pants and my
skater sweaters I dropped into my first
halfpipe at 14 it was the most
remarkable day in my life no like
yelling look guys I dropped in I'm a
vert skater now other people describe me
as fearless curious energetic probably
against the grain I grew up in a very
girl-power type of family where my
parents had six children and my father
and mother had the same exact
expectations for my sister and I as they
did my brothers while I was a very proud
young Muslim American woman I didn't
have role models to point to Princess
Jasmine from a lot in my business that
might have been my only option the
mainstream view is so misrepresentative
of so many young Muslim Americans across
the nation they were generally
represented in one way instead of an
amalgamation of many identities like
myself I definitely consider myself an
artist and a standard rope somebody
insect but also faithful Muslims not
being willing or able to accept these
stereotypes my friends and I decided to
take our favorite parts of ourselves and
turn it into a music video
jay-z somewhere in America nope
I called up my friends and said hey
homina you have a motorcycle bring it
let's get some footage
hey if - Haj you're a fencer for Team
USA let's shoot you fencing you have
dope style and you're an attorney come
and look really cool I happen to really
like fashion so I got really dressed up
I like skateboards as well so I threw
that into the mix
we had no idea that the video would get
such a wide reception again on my social
media and I just have a billion
notification the opinions ranged from
this doesn't represent me - this is
awesome and we were kind of happy to see
the holdest doesn't represent me peace
we're like yes nothing represents you
right now which is why you have to take
control of our narrative and make
something that represents you because it
sure as hell represents me and the next
thing I knew I was in the pages of
glamour and Marie Claire even G - at
some point I had a French girl walk up
to me and say you're the girl from the
mixtures video you guys are a big deal
France no Punk that's cool mixers ended
up turning into a huge community of
young Muslim Americans across the nation
the most important things and the best
things that I saw were the tons of notes
from young girls like I used to be so
self-conscious about my identity
it's so awesome to know that we have
role models that we can look to and are
a more accurate representation of who we
are the most unexpected outcome out of
this video was probably this I actually
met my husband because he saw the video
and decided that he absolutely had to
meet me by the third day he told me I'm
going to marry you my husband is
definitely a mister and we hope to have
very mr. baby one day
I had no idea that those Wednesday
afternoons in the skate park would be so
critical in shaping the muslim-american
narrative that my children will
ultimately be raised in
you
