this is the VHS for an extremely goofy
movie it's a follow-up to the cult
classic a goofy movie and it's one of my
favorite animated films now there's a
moment in this movie where Bobby
Cimarusti maxis stoner friend you know
the one that Chuck's cheese was he says
do you ever wonder why we're always like
wearing gloves that's a damn good
question Bobby let's figure it out does
the question why do animated characters
wear gloves come up a lot for you the
question rarely comes up but when it
does there are a number of answers to it
that's John cane maker he's an animation
historian and professor at NYU miss
basic theory is that glove save time
animation of any kind even with
computers is a very work intensive or
labor-intensive process me I've always
lived in Hollywood Maine at the dawn of
animation
everything was hand-drawn over and over
and over again and certain techniques to
make the process more efficient shape
the style of the cartoon Felix the Cat
for example was very boxy looking
character as Felix was becoming more
popular the animator Bill Nolan decided
to remove his snout and make him more
circular overall at that design what
they call the rubber-hose circle design
very spaghetti like on the characters
proceeded to a design of them that makes
us as well this rubber hose and circle
aesthetic allowed animators to quickly
draw arms legs and hands without
spending too much time developing
realistic details of the characters body
like elbows and knees around the edge
was much faster to draw than an angle
and that certainly applied to hands with
all those little fingers and Knuckles
but hands post another problem for
animators in the age of fuzzy
black-and-white film characters were in
black and white films difficult to see
against their black bodies take a look
at Mickey Mouse in 1927 plain crazy he
had black hands and feet just like Felix
he gained chews in 1928 Steamboat Willie
and the 1929 he's wearing gloves in
our house the rubber-hose style of
animation is in full effect here every
character is exaggerated round and
simple and like many of the glove
wearing cartoon characters of this time
Mickey Mouse is a non human doing very
human things in his 1968 biography the
Disney version Walt Disney addresses
this very issue because we didn't want
him to have mouths hands because he was
supposed to be more human so we gave him
gloves so in addition to some time and
providing color contrast let us bring
non human beings to life making their
grand gestures stand out these 1935
teakettles from Van Buren Studios have
them this movie camera does too when
Pinocchio is a puppet viewers gloves but
when he becomes a boy they disappear
they're no longer needed
but there's another less practical
influence behind cartoon characters
white gloves the Opera House is a film
about Mickey putting on a big vaudeville
show that filmin many of the animations
that predated it were inextricably
linked to vaudeville performance and the
blackface minstrel shows of the time in
fact early animators often performed on
vaudeville stages nicholas salmon writes
in birth of an industry that early
animated characters like Felix the Cat
samba Vasco and Mickey Mouse weren't
just like minstrels they were minstrels
both the cartoons and the stage
characters were portrayed as mischievous
and rebellious yet good-natured they
wore loose clothes had painted faces and
they wore white gloves in the 1930s
vaudeville and blackface minstrelsy
declined white gloves were no longer
associated with vaudeville to a new
generation viewers instead they were
just part of the cartoon style people
came to expect me there is also in the
band concert you know that film it's
from 1935 one of the characters is of
cow characters called Clarabelle cow and
she plays the flute and her glove gets
stuck in the past
loose no restrictions without the glove
on 60 years later
goofy takes off his gloves before
getting in a pool and it's frankly
really disturbing now what's really
bothering me is why Daffy Duck and many
other animated birds don't wear gloves
we might never know look let's not split
hairs
why do you even wear gloves because I've
always gone them it's Who I am
why do you wear that suit around your
neck Touche Bugs Bunny Touche
