this is me and this is my sister Annie
she's 28 mom to two cats freelance
designer and part-time grad student
there's just something about freelancing
I feel a lot of creative freedom she's
also had chronic back pain neck pain and
migraines for as long as she can
remember she has health insurance
through Obamacare and without it there's
no way she could afford all her doctors
appointments and medications and because
she doesn't have to depend on an
employer for her insurance she's able to
work for herself the flexibility works
really well with being able to make my
appointments around my work schedule on
election night my first thought was what
does this mean for my sister Donald
Trump elected president of the United
States and for the 22 million other
people who get their health insurance
through Obamacare today after over a
year of debate health insurance reform
becomes law in the United States of
America we're gonna try to repeal this
there's only one way to truly fix
Obamacare and that's a full repeal can
we replace this law completely in the
next presidency in the next Congress
that is our goal and the answer is yes
we can when we win on November 8th we
will be able to immediately repeal and
replace Obamacare Obamacare is a big law
with lots of different parts and there
are some parts that Trump and the
Republicans in Congress say they want to
keep for example before Obamacare
companies could refuse to sell insurance
to people with lots of health problems
Obamacare says they can't do that
anymore and Trump and the Republicans
say they want to keep it that way the
problem is this piece of the law that
they like that they want to keep it only
works because of another piece of the
law that they don't like a piece that
they've promised to get rid of will get
rid of the individual mandate that's the
part of the law that says you have to
have health insurance or pay a fine for
health insurance to be affordable you
need a lot of healthy people to sign up
for every one sick person that's because
health insurance is worth more if sick
people
and they'll pay more for it which pushes
up premiums for everybody else the
healthy people in the pool consume less
health care and that helps keep the cost
down
if Trump and the Republicans get rid of
the individual mandate which they say
they will a bunch of healthy people are
going to stop buying insurance premiums
will go up and more healthy people will
leave until all that's left are sick
people who are really expensive to cover
without a bunch of healthy people to
offset that cost insurance companies
will pull out of the marketplace we know
this because in some places it was
already happening before the election
too many healthy people were choosing
the fine over health insurance and as a
result states like Alabama and Oklahoma
only have one insurance plan on the
market without competition premiums shot
up last year and if Trump and the
Republicans get rid of the individual
mandate we'll likely see this happen in
other states like Texas where my sister
lives so what might her life look like
under the Republican replacement for
Obamacare right now Obamacare makes it
illegal for insurance companies to
charge her more just because she has
health problems under Paul Ryan's plan
that changes insurance companies would
be allowed to charge her more if she
ever let her coverage lapse instead of
forcing insurance companies to offer
affordable plans to people like my
sister Paul Ryan's plan would fund
high-risk pools these are insurance
plans specifically for people with lots
of health problems but we don't know
exactly who would be eligible for them
these pools were around before Obamacare
and without healthy people to balance
out the sick people these plans end up
being about twice as expensive for
participants Paul Ryan's plan does call
for refundable tax credits to help
offset those costs
congressional Republicans have tried
getting rid of the individual mandate
before but those votes were largely
symbolic but it's real now we are now
talking about our going
my sister has built a life for herself
where she can take professional risks go
back to school be her own boss and not
have to rely on an employer for her
health insurance now she and 22 million
others are asking how long that will
last
you
you
