okay here you go
Oh are you the new speechwriter
ah sure new speechwriter okay we're live
in three two one
my fellow Americans but mostly the dudes
we need to talk about some stuff just
between us from one broseph
gordon-levitt to another 2016 has been a
really fucking annoying year for women
and they put up with lettuce Rock Turner
the Zika virus Ryan Gosling having a
second baby
it's been tough Donald Trump is accused
of assaulting groping or harassing 17
different women yet he still got a
serious shot at sitting behind this desk
wait what's going on this was supposed
to be a budget speech I don't know some
new intrepid speechwriter sounds pretty
smart and awesome to me and now the
latest October Surprise for the first
female candidate of a major party is
because of Anthony Weiner are you
fucking kidding me in luck it's not all
bad for women this year like one woman
had her wedding day photobomb by a
shirtless Justin Trudeau but she's
Canadian and Canadian women always get
all the good stuff like no tax on
tampons and ketchup flavored chips a
whole raft of Republican leaders have
abandoned the Trump ship many in
solidarity with their daughters or wives
after audio of Trump surfaced bragging
that he could grab them by the are you
seriously going to make me save it so
fellow broski's maybe let's stop
mentioning the fact that we have sisters
mothers and wives when we oppose sexual
assault you don't have to have a wife to
know women or people I don't know any
robots but I still wet during wall-e
women don't need your pity they need you
to treat them as equal members of
society and to stop explaining why it's
actually pronounced jiff actually the
guy
invented it pronounces it and just have
we're all on the same page nasty woman
is a compliment if you don't think
you're a nasty woman just try being a
little more successful and you'll get
there just look at me I am such a nasty
woman in one day you can be one too
and another thing oh he's going
off-script wait you did this Donald
Trump doesn't represent all men in fact
he gives decent respectful men a bad
name we men need to lead by example and
set our own definition of what
masculinity is not let some sleazy
reality O's to find what it is to be a
man huh I never thought about it that
way thank you my fellow Americans god
Bless America and God bless Beyonce and
we're out how to do things good I mean
you could have smiled more whoo okay
fine I mean you could have smiled more
but sorry I hadn't button your thing I
didn't know what to do doing things and
we're out and we're sorry sorry um
this carpet was originally blue right
he's going off-script I think when you
wrote this script Liz you meant to be
dude yeah I just explained this version
tacky great
