who are you consulting with consistently
so that you're ready on day one I'm
speaking with myself number one because
I have a very good brain and I've said a
lot of things stabilizing
dangerous dangerous to the United States
dangerous to the world order if you will
tear to explain Donald Trump's foreign
policy to it it's very easy a thing of
dial Trump is basically just saying
incoherent things when he talks about
the world in part because he often does
I would bomb the out of him the
issue though is that when you look
underneath all of them he had he has a
worldview it's actually fairly clear for
Donald Trump his worldview is
transactional if you pay a lot of money
the US will help you if you don't pay a
lot of money the u.s. won't and it
really is that simple we are being
ripped off by everybody in there we're
defending other countries we are
spending a fortune doing it they have
the bargain of the century you need to
take those ideas seriously you need to
engage with them and say let's assume it
is President Trump let's look at the
fact that of all the things the
president can and cannot do
foreign affairs foreign policy is the
area where he has the freest hand he
doesn't need Congress when I heard that
we were first going into Iraq some very
smart people told me well we're actually
going for the oil and I said all right I
get that I get that there's nothing else
I get it we should take it and pay
ourselves back what are we doing Trump's
idea of taking the oil speaks to two
things really about the way that he
views the world the first one is that he
sees basically everything because the
lens of what does America get out of it
they pay us peanuts
we're defending them the second part is
that Trump thinks of good for the United
States as controlling stuff I
keep the oil keep the oil I mean we
could theoretically do it but Iraqis
wouldn't just give the oil to Americans
almost certainly it would fight a war
thousands of people would die it would
be an immensely complicated and
dangerous occupation dwarfing even the
2003 Iraq invasion for two years I've
been telling you take the oil hit the
oil bombed the oil
he thinks of things in this narrow
mercantilist what's good for me is when
I own stuff and sell it to you good
deals versus bad deals how are we going
to take the oil how are we going to do
that just you would leave a certain
group behind and you would take various
sections where they have the oil that
foreign policy is about managing your
relationship with other countries it's
not just about dominating them more to
the point we don't believe in
imperialism as a mode of governance in
the old days when we won a war to the
victor belong the spoils the 28
countries have nano many of them aren't
paying their fair share when that
bothers me because we should be as we're
defending them and they should at least
be paying us what they're supposed to be
paying the issue is that NATO countries
promised to pay a certain amount of
their GDP towards defense other than the
u.s. almost no countries do it so when
Trump says they're not paying their fair
share he's right and NATO's too
expensive because we can't afford this
anymore and people are being brought in
for a free ride where it gets dangerous
is how he takes that to an extreme and
the extreme isn't there phony Irish pay
more it's there for Russia invades all
we think whether we come to the defense
of NATO countries if they don't make us
whole they may have to defend themselves
in the NATO Charter itself is one
article in particular called article 5 I
don't think he knows that our little
fibers which says that if you attack any
NATO member the other 27 NATO countries
have to come to its defence and what
Donald Trump is saying is that that core
mission of NATO not only doesn't
necessarily matter as much but it's
something that can be tossed aside
NATO exists solely to deter Russia I
believe an easing of tensions and
improved relations with Russia from a
position of strength only is
possible absolutely possible but by
Andrew Putin this is his top strategic
goal in many ways they have spent 20
years trying to weaken NATO and what
Donald Trump is saying is I'll give that
to you he's not going into Ukraine okay
just so you understand he's not going to
go into Ukraine you can mark it down you
can put it down you can take it anyway
sorry there's what you have Donald
Trump's AOL plan reporting is astounding
he says great things about me I'm gonna
say great things about him with Vladimir
Putin is to Donald Trump it's a model of
a good leader a model of an effective
leader and a model of a popular leader
he's running this country and at least
he's a leader you know unlike what we
have in this country it's a very scary
model and any aspect of it that Vladimir
Putin does right now that dialed Trump
would like to do would mean in America
that we would not recognize well he does
have an 82 percent approval rating he's
also a guy who annex Crimea invaded
Ukraine supports Assad in Syria supports
Iran North Korea has nukes Japan has a
problem with that I mean they have a big
problem with it
maybe they would in fact be better off
if they defend themselves from North
Korea maybe we would be better off
including with nukes yes including with
New South Korea with nukes South Korea
is right next door
instead of having South Korea Japan and
other allies develop their own nuclear
weapons programs they rely on our
nuclear forces if they're attacked they
don't have to worry about having their
own nuclear weapons because they know
for a fact that we will come to their
aid we extend our nuclear umbrella over
them what Trump is saying is that we
should withdraw that for decades one of
the bedrocks of American foreign policy
has been stopping nuclear proliferation
and specifically providing security to
some of our allies in exchange for at
least in part that they not seek nuclear
weapons that's been true under all
administration's Republican and Democrat
Donald Trump is promoting a new policy
with Trump you have him wanting to
withdraw the nuclear umbrella which
means that our allies Japan South Korea
are more likely to want to try to
develop their own nuclear weapons
because they feel threatened and they
don't have that guarantee anymore our
alliance with Japan and the Republic of
Korea
it has prevented the possibilities of a
nuclear escalation and conflict it would
completely destabilize the kind of
security structure that we've had in
East Asia for the last several decades
the person who made the statements
doesn't know much about foreign policy
or nuclear policy or the Korean
Peninsula or the world generally that
also means that we no longer really have
influence there so we can use the fact
that we are your security guarantee we
are your backers we have your back we
can use that to say okay but we need you
to do X Y & Z with this long hellish
election finally coming to close it's
been easy throughout and I think this is
a recent Donald Trump is done as well as
he is done to just laugh at his funnier
comments seem as a bit of a buffoon and
a clown and just not engaged with what
he says on any serious level and that's
a disservice that's dangerous especially
on foreign policy because that's where
President Trump would have to freest and
to do what candidate Trump says he would
do
