what if you could analyze the odds
behind the fairy tale coincidences that
people forward an email like the twins
who died on the same day or the woman
who won the lottery four times it's hard
not to share the amazement yourself but
there's always more than meets the eye
so with any of these stories what you
are told is the outer shell think of it
as a bullet shell or I like to think of
it as a Russian troika doll and you have
to try to understand what is behind that
shell or the the first doll that's
Joseph Mazur and he's not a folklorist
or novelist
my position is professor of mathematics
emeritus at Marlborough College how a
mathematician approaches stories like
these emails can teach us something
about the coincidences in our lives so
let's tell a story
in 1929 an American named Ian Parrish
went to Paris with her husband that's
why you're hearing this French sounding
music on one sunny June Sunday they went
to Mass at notre Dom they visited the
bird market they had lunch at M ago and
Anwen for a stroll she ended up at a
book stall along the Sun and found Helen
woods children's book
Jack Frost and other stories she held
but it was worth a franc because it had
been her favorite book as a child
growing up in America she rushed back to
her husband to show him he turned the
pages and he found a child's writing
scrawled in the front and parish 209
North Weber Street Colorado Springs that
book she bought an ocean away from home
was the very same book she had cherished
as a child how could that be anything
but fake what you're doing is you're
looking for the hidden variables you've
never told in the initial story though
but hidden variables I started to dig
and I looked into how could that book
have gotten to the stole at that
particular time just when Anne parish
was walking through the stalls how is
that possible when you start to dig you
find biographies in parish wasn't just a
random person her mother was friends
with Mary Cassatt the famous
impressionist painter who moved to Paris
that could easily be how the book
travelled across the Atlantic through
Mary but in parishes husband is also a
key detail
Charles Carlos is important his story in
this case he happened to be a very
wealthy industrialist that wealth made
it more likely for him parish to do what
most Americans of the time didn't sip
wine near the center a five day boat
trip all the way to Europe in Paris was
one of the most likely destinations Mary
Cassatt died in 1926 just three years
before
visited Paris her state was probably
liquidated meaning Anne's book went on
the market and for English books in
Paris sellers didn't have many options
what are the bookstores in Paris they
are only two in those years it was a
Shakespearean company and there was the
Paris book sold another missing detail
Ian Parrish was a children's book author
herself so that was the first section
she'd checked when browsing books with
all these facts together you can start
to make some estimates how likely is it
that Ian would go to Paris in 1929 Joe
maser guesses point one 1/10 he looked
at Anne's actual travel records and saw
that she and her husband went to Paris
every two years like clockwork
ten to one odds she'd go to Paris in
1929 is actually pretty conservative the
likelihood of her visiting those book
stalls conservatively it's 0.3 she was
an author on a long trip there's
definitely a one in three chance that
she'd browse for some books in the
likelihood that the book would be in one
of those stalls in the first place with
all the factors together it's probably
about point zero one one in a hundred
multiply them out and the odds in favor
of her finding that book aren't a
miracle they're about three thousand
three hundred thirty one to one the odds
for getting a four of a kind in poker
four thousand one hundred sixty four to
one I could be dealt that in let's say
an hour's worth of playing poker
yes I'm getting numbers but they're very
approximate numbers these are stories
that are human stories and if you start
to mathematize these stories you are
breaking it down too far and you are
approximating things that probably are
not really truth and make approximations
but deep down in the set of Russian
troika novels it's endless you don't get
the real kernel doll that doesn't open
anymore in these stories those kernel
dolls keep opening and opening opening I
mean I'm not sure it goes to infinity
but it surely goes very deep the most
important variable might be if you're
curious enough to open the first one
you
thanks a lot to Joe maser for talking to
me about his book and thanks to
Alexander Woollcott who wrote The New
Yorker article that gave us an parish's
story so I'll close this video the same
way he clothes that 1932 article
somewhere in fathomless space a star
chuckle chuckle and skipped in its
course
good stuff Alexander
