good morning and welcome to the Blair
House
I'm mr. Kline founder and
editor-in-chief of Vox here alongside my
colleague Sarah Kliff we are honored to
be here today to speak with President
Obama about the Affordable Care Act its
performance its passage and it's now
uncertain future I think we'd all prefer
to hear from him than for me so I won't
waste any more of your time with
introduction please join me in welcoming
President Barack Obama
all right good morning good morning
reading thank you for being here it is
great to be here and thank you so much
for all the good reporting you guys been
doing on this important issue well thank
you so we will get started so there was
an expectation that was shared among
many of your staff many congressional
Democrats that as the Affordable Care
Act rolled out as it delivered benefits
to millions of people that it would
become more popular it would be safe
from repeal or even substantial reform
and it appears at this point that
doesn't seem to be quite true what do
you think that theory got wrong why
didn't the health care law become more
popular well let's back up and say from
the start there's a reason why for a
hundred years
no president could get expansion of
health care coverage beyond the work
that had been done for Medicare and
Medicaid targeting primarily seniors and
the reason was that this is hard the
health care system is big it is very
personal families I think recognize the
need for health insurance but it's not
something that they think about except
when things go wrong when you have an
accident or you're sick and so any costs
particularly at a time when families are
feeling stressed economically any added
costs higher premiums higher co-pays all
that ends up having real impacts on
families and so the challenge of getting
it passed was always the fact that
unlike other advanced countries we
didn't start with a system in which
everybody was covered and we have a very
complicated marketplace and we had third
party insurers and what that meant was
that even after we got the law passed
anything that dissatisfied people about
the health care system could be
attributed to quote unquote Obamacare
even if it had nothing to do with
Obamacare and and that was something
that we recognized even when we were
trying to get the law passed but the
other thing is the fact that the
unwillingness of Republicans in Congress
and around the country including some
governors to after the fight was over to
say all right let's try to make this
work the way Democrats did during the
time when President Bush tried to expand
the prescription drug program Part D
meant that the public never heard from
those who had originally been opposed
any concession that you know what this
is actually doing some good and that
ends up affecting public opinion and the
third thing is that whenever you look at
polls that say well 40-something percent
are supportive of the law 40-something
percent are dissatisfied in the
dissatisfied column or a whole bunch of
Bernie Sanders supporters who want a
single-payer plan and so the problem is
not that they think Obamacare is a
failure the problem is that they don't
think it went far enough and that it
left too many people still uncovered
that the subsidies that people were
getting weren't as rich as they should
have been that the
a way of dealing with the prescription
drug makers in a in a way that drives
down those costs and and so all those
things meant that even after the law was
passed there was going to still be a lot
of tough politics having said all that
the thing that I've been most proud of
is the fact that not only have we gotten
20 million people covered not only have
we been able to reduce the pace at which
health care costs have been going up
ever since the laws passed basically
health care inflation has been as low as
it's been in 50 years which has saved
the federal government hundreds of
billions of dollars extended the the
Medicare trust fund by 11 years but most
importantly for the people who have
gotten insurance through the exchanges
there's been pretty high satisfaction
rates as surveys have shown so you know
rather than look at public opinion as a
whole the thing I've been most
interested in is how's this affecting
the people who have gotten benefits
these are real families who've gotten
real coverage and I get letters every
single day from people who say this has
saved my life or this has saved my bank
account or this has made sure that my
son who got hooked on some sort of
opioid was able to get treatment or I
was able to get a mammogram that caught
a cancer in time and and that ultimately
is the measure of the the success of law
so do you think this dynamic where when
you reform the health care system you
own it goes the other way
Republicans are beginning with the
repeal and delay strategy president
elect Trump has said that he does want
repeal Obamacare but he also wants to
replace it with something that covers as
many people or he said that least at
certain points do you think that the
dynamic in which you became responsible
for what people didn't like is going to
hamper Republican movement in their
efforts to change a system that maybe
they don't like but does have a lot of
people relying on it well well let me
let me start from from a very simple
premise if it works I'm for it if if
something can cover all Americans make
sure that if they have a pre-existing
condition they can still get coverage
make sure that prescription drugs are
affordable encourage preventive measures
to keep people healthy that make sure
that you know in in rural communities
people have access to substance abuse
care or mental health care that Medicare
and Medicaid continue to function
effectively if you can do all that
cheaper than we talked about
cheaper than Obama care achieves and
with better quality and it's just
terrific
I'm for I think that part of the
challenge in this whole debate and this
is true dating back to 2009 back to 2010
is this idea that somehow we had a fixed
way of trying to fix the health care
system that we were rigid and stubborn
and wouldn't welcome Republican ideas
and if we only had they had all these
great solutions in fact if you look at
how this law evolved and I've said this
publicly before if I was starting from
which I probably would have supported a
single-payer system because it's just
easier to for people to understand and
manage and that's essentially what
Medicare is is a single-payer system for
people of a certain age and people are
very satisfied with it and it's not that
complicated to understand or to access
services but that's that wasn't
available
we weren't starting from scratch so what
I then do I said well where is the
system out there that seems to be
providing coverage for everybody that
politically we could actually get
through a Congress and where we could
get Republican support and lo and behold
in Massachusetts there was a plan that
had been designed on a bipartisan basis
including by a Republican governor who
ultimately became the nominee for the
Republican Party that came close to
providing universal coverage and I would
have thought since this was an idea that
had previously gotten a lot of
Republican support that it would
continue to get a lot of Republican
support and yet somehow magically the
minute we said this is a great idea and
it's working Republicans said this is
terrible
and we don't want to do this so I say
all this
esra simply to make something very clear
from the very start in the earliest
negotiations in 2009-2010 I made clear
to Republicans that if they had ideas
that they could show would work better
than the ideas that we had thought of I
would be happy to incorporate them into
the law and rather than offer ideas what
we got was a big note we just don't want
to do this
after the law passed for the last six
seven years there has been the argument
that we can provide a great replacement
that will be much better for everybody
than what the Affordable Care Act is
providing and yet over the last six
seven years there's been no actual
replacement law that any credible health
care policy experts have said would work
better in fact many of them would result
in millions of people losing coverage
and the coverage being worse for those
who kept it and so now is the time when
Republicans I think have to go ahead and
show their cards if in fact they have a
program that would genuinely work better
and they want to call it whatever they
want they can call it Trump care they
can call it McConnell care or Ryan care
if it actually works I will be the first
one to say great we you should have told
me that back in 2009 I asked I suspect
that will not happen and the reason it
will not happen is because if you want
to provide coverage to people then there
are certain baseline things that you've
got to do number one health care is not
cheap and for people who can't afford
health care or don't get it through the
job that means the government's got to
pay some money number two all those
provisions that the Republicans say they
want to keep and that they like for
example making sure that people can get
health insurance even if they have a
pre-existing condition well it turns out
that the only way to
meet that guarantee is to either make
sure that everybody has some modest
obligation to get health care so that
they're not gaming the system or you've
got to be willing to provide huge
subsidies to insurance companies so that
they're taken in people who are already
sick and and I think what you're gonna
see now now that you have a Republican
president elect if Republicans
controlled both chambers in Congress is
that all the promises they made about
how they can do it better cheaper
everybody's going to be satisfied are
going to be really hard to meet and this
is why the strategy of repeal first and
replace later is just a huge disservice
to the American people and is something
that I think whether you're a Republican
or a Democrat you should be opposed to
these are realized at stake I'm getting
letters right now from people who say I
am terrified because my sons or
daughters insurance if their ability to
get life-saving drugs their ability to
get drug treatment their ability to get
mental health services are entirely
dependent on us being able to afford and
keep our insurance and if in fact there
is gonna be massive undoing of what's
one-sixth of our economy
then the Republicans need to put forward
very specific ideas about how they're
going to do it people need to be able to
debate it they need to be able to study
it the same way they did when we passed
the Affordable Care Act and let the
American people gauge is this going to
result in something better than what
Obamacare has produced and if they're so
convinced that they can do it better
they shouldn't be afraid to make that
presentation it is really interesting to
try to figure out why is it that they're
trying to rush the repeal so quick may
well what what is it that they're afraid
of why wouldn't they want to say here's
our plan and and show side by side
here's why our plan is better than what
Obamacare is produced because they they
have said absolutely adamantly that they
can do it better I am saying to every
Republican right now if you in fact can
put a plan together that is demonstrably
better than what Obamacare is doing I
will I will publicly support repealing
Obamacare and replacing it with your
plan but I want to see it first I want
to see and I want third party objective
people whether it's the Congressional
Budget Office or you know healthcare
experts across the ideological spectrum
or Vox or will be happy to yes to just
evaluate and and and people the public
will not have to take my word for it
they can we can designate some referees
and if they can show that they can do it
better cheaper more effective for by
better coverage why wouldn't I be a
fourth why wouldn't I be for it did this
idea that somehow this is about Obama
preserving his legacy or keep in mind
I'm not the one who named it Obamacare
they they were the ones who named it
Obamacare because what they wanted to do
was personalize this and feed on
antipathy towards me in their party as
an organizing tool this politics
but I I don't have a pride of authorship
on this thing it if if they can come up
with something better I'm for it but you
have to show and and I would advise
every Democrat to be for it but you have
to show that it's better and that's not
too much to ask and that's the challenge
and the question right now for Paul Ryan
and Mitch McConnell is why is it that
you feel obliged to repeal it before you
show what it is that's going to replace
because the majority of Americans have
been very clear that they think that's a
bad idea
you now have Republican governors some
Republican senators who've said we don't
think that's a good idea
and there's been no real explanation why
you would actually try to do this before
the new presence even inaugurated what
what exactly is this rush be
particularly if you're going to delay
the actual repeal if they were making
the argument that this is so disastrous
that we actually think we have to repeal
it completely today because it's it's
just terrible well I would disagree but
at least I could understand it but here
you're saying I'm we're gonna vote to
repeal but then we're gonna but we're
going to delay its effects for a couple
of years well why if it's so bad and if
it's and if the answer is well it would
be disruptive and we don't want to take
people's insurance away right away well
then that means you have time to show us
and more importantly show the American
people who need health insurance what
exactly you're replacing it with in that
sense as where I know that was a long
answer but but but in that sense the
answer is the Republicans yes will own
the problems with the health care system
if they choose to repeal something that
is providing health insurance to a lot
of people and providing benefit
to every American who has health
insurance even if they're getting it
through the job and they haven't shown
us what it is that they're gonna do then
they do on it because that is
irresponsible and even members of their
own party even those who are opposed to
me have said that that is an
irresponsible thing to do let me follow
up a little bit on the congressional
fight so we saw yesterday president
elect Donald Trump he said on Twitter
quote it was time for Republicans and
Democrats to get together and come up
with a health care plan that really
works which is something you know I
remember you saying similar things in
2009-2010 when I was covering this
debate knowing what you know now about
partisanship being a president who has
tried to do this was like you said
unable to get Republican votes what
three pieces of advice would you give
someone trying to attempt to pass a
bipartisan health care law well look I
think I sort of gave the advice just now
which is if in fact this is not about
politics but this is about providing the
best possible health care system for the
American people then my advice would be
to say what precisely is it about Obama
care that you think doesn't work because
you've already said there's some things
you think do work I the Republicans keep
on saying well we want to keep the
things that people like and that are
working well so they think it's a good
idea that Obama care says your kids can
stay on your health insurance plan until
they're 26 they think that's a good idea
they think it's a good idea that if
you've got a pre-existing condition you
can still get health insurance I assume
they think it's a good idea that seniors
have gotten discounts on their
prescription drugs we closed the
doughnut hole during
during the course of Obamacare they
approve of some of the changes we've
made to encourage a healthcare system
that rewards quality rather than just
the number of procedures involved and
how we pay providers so we could make a
list of all the things that as terrible
as Obamacare is actually they think
works according to them all right well
let's make then a list of the things
they don't like
or the American people are concerned
about well what we know is that people
would always like lower costs on their
premiums and their out-of-pocket
expenses and although the Affordable
Care Act provides a lot of subsidies to
a lot of people so they can afford
health insurance what is absolutely true
is we would love to see even higher
subsidies to relieve the costs even more
but that cost money what we also know is
that where we've seen problems in the
implementation of the Affordable Care
Act it has been in certain areas
particularly more rural areas less
densely populated areas where we're not
seeing as many insurers so there's not
as much competition well one way that
we've suggested you could solve that
problem is to say that if in fact there
aren't enough insurers to drive
competition and reduce costs and give
people enough choices then we should
have a public option that's available so
if you look at the things that people
are frustrated about with Obamacare the
Affordable Care Act the big things are
the subsidies aren't as high as they'd
like and they don't have as many option
as they'd like and I'm happy to provide
those both those things I'd sign on to a
Republican plan that said we're going to
give more subsidies to people to make it
even cheaper and we're gonna have a
public option where there isn't an
option here's the problem I don't think
that's the thing that they want to think
so now to do so but but but I guess my
point is this that it is possible for
people of goodwill to try to come up
with significant improvements to the law
that we already have but it does require
to be specific about what it is that you
think needs to be changed and that so
far has not happened and my advice to
the president-elect in fact we talked
about this when I met with him for an
hour and a half right after he got
elected I said make your team and make
the Republican members of Congress come
up with things that they can show will
actually make this work better for
people and if if they're convincing I
think you would find that there are a
lot of Democrats out there including me
that be prepared to support it but so
far at least that's not what's happened
so I think Obamacare has exposed an
interesting tension between controlling
costs in the system and controlling
economic pain for individuals so the law
has until now come in under budget
but in part the ways it's done that are
higher deductibles and people expected
higher co-pays narrower networks in a
couple of years if it doesn't change the
excise tax on high-value insurance will
come into play the individual mandate
and these things to individual people
while they keep the usage of health care
down and they keep the cost of health
care down they make health care feel
more expensive they make health care
feel unusable
do you think the affordable care act got
the balance right on controlling
system-wide costs versus insulating
individuals from their health expenses
well let me make a couple distinctions
first of all part of what happened at
the beginning of the marketplaces and
and for those who aren't walks I was
teasing I was teasing hesitant Sarah
said this is like a Wonka Palooza this
is some serious policy detail here but
so the marketplaces are basically just
those places where insurers put up
here's you know here's the insurance
package we're offering and you can
choose from a variety of different
packages and then once you've chosen you
can figure out the subsidies that you're
qualified for and it'll give you a sense
of what your out-of-pocket costs are and
what we've discovered was that a lot of
insurers under priced early on because
they had done surveys and look people
who are purchasing health insurance or
like people are purchasing everything
else they'd like to get the best deal
for the lowest price what makes
healthcare tricky is when you buy a TV
you can kind of see what the picture
looks like when you're buying health
insurance it's tempting to initially buy
the cheapest thing until if heaven
forbid you get sick and it turns out
gosh I can't see the doctor I want or
the specialist I want or you know that
this is more inconvenient than I
expected
so so what ended up happening was people
bought oftentimes the cheapest insurance
that they could insurance companies
wanting to get as much market share as
possible
ended up
creating a very low-cost plans but those
are going to have restrictions on and
that's not just if you're buying health
insurance in Obamacare that's generally
how it is even when employers buy health
insurance for their employees now I
think that what we're seeing is insurers
now making adjustments saying okay we
need to charge more and that is
something that the good news is appears
to may have stabilized that might be a
kind of a one-time thing and now we're
able we're in a position to be able to
do an evaluation of have we gotten this
balance right as you as you say we can't
get healthcare for free you're gonna
have to pay for it one way or another
either the government is gonna pay more
so that people don't have as many
out-of-pocket costs or and that means in
some fashion higher taxes for somebody
or individuals are gonna have to pay
more out-of-pocket in one way or another
the same is true for employers
you know either employers pay more for a
really good health care package but that
takes something out of the employer's
bottom line or they're putting more
costs on to workers in the form of
higher deductibles and higher co-pays
and I think that a lot of the good work
that can be done in lowering costs had
to do not with cost shifting but with
actually making the system work better
and we've done a lot of work on that
what I referred to earlier incentivizing
a system that instead of ordering five
tests because doctors and providers are
getting paid for the tests
you now have a system where you're gonna
get reimbursed if
the person gets healthy quicker and is
not returned to the hospital well it
turns out that that can over time be a
real cost reduction those are the kinds
of things that we're implementing in the
system as a consequence of Obamacare the
more we do that kind of stuff the less
we're gonna see this cost shifting but
the intention has never been to say
let's make it more expensive for people
to get health care so they're going to
access the system or it and I think the
proof of that is is that even though per
person costs have have have not gone up
a lot the overall spending on health
care has gone up because more people
have come into the system we want people
to use the healthcare system we just
don't want them to use it in the
emergency room we want them to use it
to stay healthy and smoking cessation
plans and making sure that they're
getting regular checkups and mammograms
and you know but those are the things
that are ultimately going to save us as
much money as we can I have a walkie
follow-up question this is a what about
controlling prices we have some of the
highest health care prices in the world
in the United States most other
developed countries they regulate how
much you can charge for an MRI for an
emergency room visit and a pepin duck to
me that seems like it's really at the
core of this tension the fact that we
have these very high prices Americans
don't go to the doctor more we just pay
a lot more when we go to the doctor that
is something the healthcare law did not
tackle and I'm curious to hear you
reflect on that and what you would think
about the role of price controls in
American medicine well look this is this
is the irony of this whole debate is the
things that people are most dissatisfied
with about Obamacare about the
Affordable Care Act are things that
essentially in other countries are
solved by more government control not
less and so Republicans are pointing at
these
to stir up dissatisfaction but when it
comes to alright what's the solution for
it their answer is less government
regulation and letting folks charge even
more and do whatever they want and
letting the market place work its will I
think that there are strengths to our
system because we have a more
market-based system our healthcare
system is more innovative prescription
drugs is probably the best example of
this it is true that we essentially come
up with the new drugs in this country
and because our drug companies are fat
and wealthy enough that they can invest
in the research and development they
make bigger profits which they can then
plow back into drug development and
essentially we have a lot of other
countries that are Free Riders on that
system so they can negotiate with the
drug companies and force much lower
prices but they generally don't have a
drug industry that develops new drugs
that's true this is an example of where
you probably do want some balance to
maintain innovation but to have some
tougher negotiations around the system
as a whole and we are trying to use
Medicare as the place where since you
know there's no healthcare provider or
stake holder in the healthcare industry
that doesn't in some ways want to get
Medicare business we're trying to use
Medicare as a lever to get better deals
for consumers and better prices for
consumers not just those in Medicare but
also people throughout the system but as
I said the irony is is that when we try
to do that the people who are most
resistant are the very Republican
members of Congress
who are criticizing us or at least
telling the American people that you
know you should want lower prices on on
various procedures if we want to control
prices for consumers more then the
marketplace by itself will not do that
and the reason is because health care is
not exactly like other products it's not
like buying a flat-screen TV if you're
sick
or if your kid is sick most of the time
you're not in a position to negotiate
right there and then you can't walk out
of the store and just say well I'm gonna
see if I can get a better deal you're
trying to figure out like when Sasha
getting gotten meningitis when she was
four months old make my child better and
that's all and I'll worry about the cost
later and that's the mentality that most
people have when it goes into health
care so the traditional models of the
marketplace don't work perfectly in the
health care system there are areas where
we can increase marketplace competition
there are ways in which we can make it
work better but ultimately if we want to
really get at some of these costs there
has to be some more extensive regulation
than we in certain areas than we
currently have
so I reached there I recently took a
trip to an area of Kentucky honestly
different topic that saw some huge
coverage gains under the health care law
but also voted overwhelmingly for a
president elected Trump and one of the
people I met there was Cathy aller who
is here with us today
she's an Obamacare enrollment worker who
has signed up more than a thousand
people for coverage she supported you in
2008 and 2012 but voted for president
elect Trump in 2016 and expects him to
improve on the Affordable Care Act and
she would like to ask you a question
about that
go ahead Cathy
let's say the time yeah it's all gone
you can see but over the years I've
enrolled and talked to numerous
Kentuckians and I've signed up some for
even the first time so it was working
the Affordable Care Act and also we've
been going over the years and I've
talked to people but recently we found
out that there was three our choices in
our area and the increase in the
premiums and deductibles and our
facilities aren't even taken some of
them and many Kentuckians now are
looking at the Affordable Care as
unaffordable and unusable and I have the
opportunity to ask you a few questions
that you have probably went over but how
do you think this happened how can we
fix it do we start all over again what
do you think we should do well first of
all okay I want to thank you for being
out there rolling people that's been
hugely important that the second point I
would make is that Kentucky is a place
where this has really worked and it's
worked for two reasons one is Kentucky
expanded Medicaid and we haven't talked
a lot about that but a big chunk of
Obamacare was just making Medicaid
accessible to more people and those
states that expanded Medicaid have seen
a much bigger drop in the uninsured than
those states who didn't and by the way
those states that didn't they didn't do
so just out of politics I'll just be
very blunt
because the federal government was going
to pay for this Medicaid expansion and
states there are some states because
they had all this uncompensated care and
ended up making money by providing more
health insurance to your people it was
it was a hard bargain
a hard deal to turn down and yet you got
a number of states that turned it down
mainly because Republican governors and
Republican state legislators didn't want
to make it work Kentucky under steve
Beshear was one of those people that did
expand Medicaid had a really active
program because I don't pull that well
in in Kentucky they didn't call it
Obamacare they called it
kynect good Kentucky connect right right
and so there were a whole lot of people
who said well we don't like Obamacare
but I like this program and will sign
you up right you sign people up even
tell them it was it was Obamacare all
the time and and it and it's actually
worked right now what is true in
Kentucky though is true in some other
states you had a governor who ran
explicitly on the idea of rolling back
Obamacare even though it was working and
so the state marketplace the state
exchange he dismantled which means we
had to shift everything on to the
federal exchange most people got shifted
but it indicated a lack of interest and
effort on his part and making the thing
work
he promised to roll back Medicaid but he
started realizing that wasn't as good
politics as he thought it was when he
was running so he hasn't done that but
what is also true is and and and this is
my main criticism of Obama care of the
Affordable Care Act is that the
subsidies aren't as high
as they probably should be for a lot of
working people if you don't qualify for
Medicaid where you don't have to pay for
the most part for your coverage and
instead you're buying health insurance
on the marketplace so you're working
person but you don't have a lot of money
and particularly if you are older where
you use the healthcare system more and
you need a better benefit package than
somebody eighteen or twenty might then
they're there are families where the the
premiums are still too high and as I
said earlier there are some parts of the
country where there are only a handful
of hospitals and a few doctors and where
you don't have a lot of competition and
the insurers are looking and they're
saying I'm not gonna make a lot of money
there so you don't end up having a lot
of insurance plans in those areas so the
two things that we could do that would
really make it work even better for
people in Kentucky would be number one
provide more subsidies to folks who are
working hard every day but still find
the premiums even with the subsidies
hard to meet and have a public option
for those communities where they're not
getting a lot of competition and
insurers aren't coming in the problem is
is that that's not what's being proposed
by Mitch McConnell the senator from
Kentucky and said what he's proposing it
I gather is you're going to repeal the
law then you're going to come up with
something except you will have taken
away all the the way we pay for the
subsidies for working people is we're
tax and wealthier folks at a little bit
higher so he wants to cut those taxes
and that money is gone that money would
be gone right away and then he's going
to promise you or those people who
you've been signing up better health
care except there's not going to be any
money to pay for it and nobody's
explaining me yet how that's gonna work
and and so I think this takes me back to
the point I made earlier if in fact the
people you've been signing up the folks
in your communities are not fully
satisfied with the benefits that they're
getting now and are hopeful for
something better then at the very least
you should be putting pressure on your
members of Congress to say show us
exactly what the deal is going to be for
us before you take away the deal that we
got because the people you sign up for
they may not be as happy as they'd like
but tell me if I'm wrong they liked it
better than had not having any insurance
at all and some people didn't have
insurance and and finally because I get
letters from folks who say for the first
time in my life I
I have had a bad hip for 15 years and
I've been pain free for the first time
because I finally got insurance right so
I the answer is not for them not to have
insurance and if we go back to a system
where they've got to buy it on their own
they are not gonna buy it because
they'll have even less subsidy how much
time do we get I think we're quite low
we've got a low time cuz I gotta I got
all kinds of more support well it's your
schedule we're happy to keep you as long
as you like
well well why don't you there are a
couple points I want to make in closing
but once you ask some questions so one
thing we haven't touched on yet in much
detail as a delivery system reforms
which are a big part of the law right so
what is a policy or experiment or change
in that space it has over performed your
expectation
what's one that is maybe not panned out
as you liked or hoped you know I think a
good example of something that's worked
better than we expected or at least
worked as well as we expected is the
issue of hospital readmissions now it
turns out that a lot of times you go to
the hospital let's say you get your
Penix taken out and then you go home and
then there's a complication and then you
have to go back in into the hospital
that's obviously inconvenient for you
and it's expensive for the system as a
whole and it turns out that there just a
few things that you can do that help
reduce people being readmitted first of
all making sure that the first procedure
goes well but secondly making sure that
there's good follow-up so it might be
that a hospital or a healthcare system
pays for when you do go home you just
getting some phone calls to remind you
to take the medicine that you got to
take to make sure you heal properly
because if you know they may have done a
study and it turns out that people
forget to do what they're supposed to do
they don't follow exactly their doctor's
instructions and they can't afford to
have a nurse in their house who's doing
it for them well maybe they're just some
few things that can be done to help make
sure that they do what they are supposed
to do in that way they don't have
complications what we've seen is a
significant reduction in hospital
readmissions over the course of this law
just by doing some smart incentivizing
it just just saying to the hospitals
will reimburse you or will give you some
other benefit for doing smart follow-up
that's an area where I think we've made
some real progress the other place and
this is connected where I think we've
got some good bipartisan support is just
encouraging
what's called shifting from what's
called fee-for-service payments where
you get paid by the procedure which
means that you may end up getting five
tests instead of getting one test that's
emailed to five providers who were
treating it and and we've started to see
some real movement when we say to the
system as a whole we're going to pay you
for outcomes did the patient do well and
and that has been helpful in terms of
areas where I think we haven't seen as
much improvement as I'd like it's
probably one thing that comes to mind is
on the electronic medical records give
if you think about how what wired and
plugged in everybody isn't it you know I
mean you can basically do everything off
your phone the fact that there are still
just mountains of paperwork and you
don't understand what these bills are
that still gets sent to your house and
nobody that and the doctors still have
to input stuff and the nurses are
spending all their time on all this
administrative work we put a big slug of
money into trying to encourage everybody
to digitalize you know catch up with the
rest of the world here and it's proven
to be harder than we expected
partly because everybody has different
systems they don't all talk to each
other
it requires retraining people into how
to use them effectively and I'm
optimistic that over time it's
inevitable that it's going to get better
because every other part of our lives
it's it's you know become paperless but
it's been a lot slower than I would have
expected and and some of it has to do
with the fact that as I said it's
decentralized and everybody has
different systems in some cases you have
sort of economic incentives that are
pushing against making the system work
better for example you know there are
service providers people make money on
keeping people's medical records and
then so making it easier for everybody
to access each other's medical records
means that there's some folks who could
lose business and that has turned out to
be a little more complicated than I
expect
closing remarks and one thing I'm
interested in is kind of what you see
your role in this debate we're gearing
up for as well let me make a couple of
closing remarks number one I think it is
important to remember that just because
people campaigned on repealing this law
it is a much more complicated process to
repeal this law then I think it was
being presented on the campaign trail as
my Republican friends are discovered the
way this process is going to work
there's this rushed vote that's taken
place this week next week to
quote-unquote repeal Obama care but
really all that is is it's a resolution
that is then instructing these
committees in Congress to start actually
draft
a law that specifically would say what's
being repealed and what's not and after
that they have to make a decision about
what's going to replace it and how long
is there gonna take and that stretches
the process out further and so I think
whether you originally supported
Obamacare or you did whether you like me
or you don't
the one thing I would just ask all the
American people to do is adopt the
slogan of the great state of Missouri
show me show me do not rush this process
and to Republicans I would say what are
you scared of you should if you are
absolutely convinced as you have been
adamant about for the last seven years
that you can come up with something
better go ahead and come up with it and
I'll even cut you some slack for the
fact that you've been saying you'd come
up with something better for seven years
and I've never seen it but but we'll
restart the clock it's interesting that
we're here in Blair House because this
is a place where I met in front of the
American people with Republicans who had
already indicated they're adamant
opposition to health care and I sat with
them for a couple hours how long was it
eight hours Kathleen Sebelius who was my
Secretary of Health and Human Services
remember for eight hours on live TV to
talk about here's why we're trying to do
what we're doing here and challenging
them to come up with better answers than
the ones we've come up with and you know
we spent a year of really significant
debate
and I would think that given that we now
have proof that 20 million people do
have health insurance that were at the
lowest rate of uninsured in our history
that healthcare costs rather than
spiking way up have actually gone up
slower than they have in 50 years given
that the vast majority of people who get
health insurance through Obamacare have
said they're satisfied with their care
and that they're better off than when
they didn't have care given that even
though a lot of people don't know it
even if you're not getting health
insurance through Obamacare you've
benefited because if you get health
insurance on the job it now doesn't have
a lifetime limit it doesn't have fine
print that could end up costing you a
lot of money given all those things I
would think that you'd at least want to
explain the American people what it is
that you want to do and and that I think
is a minimum expectation out of this
Congress and out of the president-elect
I'd make a second point and that is that
we just worked on a bipartisan basis to
sign something called the Cure's bill
that included two really important
bipartisan priorities one was Joe
Biden's cancer moonshot initiative
because we're seeing so many medical
breakthroughs in so many areas that we
have an opportunity to make a real dent
and how we deal with cancer which
affects everybody in some fashion
somebody's been touched in there in your
family with with this terrible disease
so we got a lot more money for research
in that and the bill also contained a
big investment in opioid the opioid
challenge as many of you know you're
seeing more and more communities that
are being ravaged by initially
prescription
drugs then that ends up being a gateway
into heroin some of which like synthetic
heroin being produced called fentanyl
just has terrible rates of overdose
deaths and this is not a inner-city
problem per se but this is reaching
every community in some ways it's worse
in a lot of rural communities so there
was a bipartisan effort for us to put
some more money into that but here's the
thing if we just put money into cancer
research and we just put money into
dealing with the opioid crisis and now
we're taking away money that is
providing drug treatment services in
those very same communities by repealing
Obama care and taking away the ability
to access a doctor to get new cancer
treatments then we're not really helping
anybody so so that's a second point I
want to make a third point I want to
make is that I would encourage local
communities to get involved in this
process and you know I think the part of
the problem with this whole law has been
that the people who benefit aren't out
there making noise the people who
ideologically have opposed it have been
really loud well now is the time for
people who have benefited or seen their
family's benefit to tell their stories
because ultimately this is not a this is
not a political game that this is this
is really something that affects people
in in the most personal ways my friend
and automa Canfield's here in the front
row some of you heard Natomas story
before where you know a cancer survivor
who because she had now
preexisting condition was faced with
either keeping her health insurance at
such a high rate the only way she could
get health insurance with a pre-existing
condition was to basically pay so much
that she could no longer afford to pay
the mortgage on her house and I remember
her writing to me and and I thought you
know that could be my mom
that could that could be yours and
that's not a choice that people should
have to make and when most people even
if they're not Obama supporters here
Natomas story or the stories of other
people who've been helped they know it's
wrong to just take away their health
care and it becomes less about who's
winning here in Washington it becomes
about how we doing right by our fellow
Americans but those stories have to be
heard and I would just encourage people
to start telling their stories and tell
their stories you know you're not always
going to get a lot of tension here in
Washington because they want to know
this boat and this insult that was
hurled back and forth between whoever
but you know what to tell that story and
your local newspapers talk to your local
reporters you know congregations that
are involved in caring for those in need
make sure that you're you're telling
stories in church and services so that
people know because the one thing that
I'm I'm convinced about is the American
people want to do the right thing they
just it's it's hard to get good
information and you know unless you're
reading Vox everyday which is hard to do
not that hard to do getting the details
of all this policy is is it's hard it's
complicated you don't know what's true
you don't know what's what's not true I
mean those folks in Kentucky that you
signed up you know there are a lot of
people who voted for not just president
but also for a member of Congress who
said explicitly we're gonna eliminate
this well I understand why people might
think okay well he's gonna eliminate it
but he'll he will give us something
better but this is hard I you know and
and and what you don't want as a
situation where they they make a promise
that they can't keep and and and I
worked on this a long time if we had had
a better way to do this we would have
done it it would have been in my
interest to do it because I knew I was
going to be judged on whether or not it
worked and those there is that don't
work have to do with there not being
enough money in the system and not
having a public option and I'm more than
happy to put those fixes in place
anytime anyplace but I that's not so far
what the Republicans are proposing you
you deserve to know what it is that
they're doing so anyway I appreciate you
guys taking the time to real quick sense
about your role going forward
oh my role going forward well look no I
mean I do deserve a little sleep so and
I've got to take Michele hunt on a
vacation
and so but but but he said consistently
that the most important office in the
democracy is the office of citizen and I
will be a citizen who still remembers
what it was like when his mom died of
cancer younger than I am now and who
didn't have all the insurance and
disability insurance and support and
wasn't using the healthcare system
enough to have early detection that
might have prevented her from passing
away you know Michele dad had multiple
sclerosis MS but was part of that
generation that just didn't have a lot
of expectations about health care and so
just kind of suffered for years I mean
those are our stories so it's not like
I'm gonna suddenly fade away on this I I
will be a part of the work of our fellow
citizens in trying to make sure that the
wealthiest country on Earth is able to
do the same thing that every other
advanced country is able to do I mean
it's not as if this has never been done
before you if you're in Canada you got
health care no matter who you are if
you're in France you got health care if
you're in England you got health care if
you if you get if you're in Australia
you got health care if you're in New
Zealand you got he'll agree I remember
talking to my friend John Key who was
the prime minister of New Zealand he is
part of the Conservative Party in New
Zealand and he said to me in the middle
of this healthcare debate he said well I
if I proposed that we took away people's
health care that we repealed it I'd be
run out of office by
my own parties because it was just
assumed that in a country this wealthy
this is one of the basic rights not
privileges of citizenship and in a
well-to-do country like ours so some
solve be working with all of you but but
my voice is going to be less important
than the voices of people who are
directly affected and and so I would
urge everybody to to make your voice
heard now is the time to do it
the people who have opposed this we're
opposing it not based on facts but we're
opposing it based on sort of an
ideological concern about expansion of
the state and taxes on wealthier people
that are helping people who don't have
as much money and and and I respect
their role in the democracy they've been
really fighting hard well folks here got
to fight dis is hard
my final piece of advice would be to the
news media which is we generally
speaking when Obamacare's worked well it
wasn't attributed to Obamacare and when
there were problems they got front-page
headlines and I think that hopefully now
is the time where people can be able
this doesn't apply to box by the way but
but i but i didn't be a good time for
people to be a little more measured and
take a look at what's the what were the
facts of this thing because the stakes
are high even on this whole premium
issue increase issue that happened right
before the election it is true as i said
that insurers adjusted and and hiked
premiums but i kept on trying to explain
number one if you're getting a tax
subsidy this wasn't gonna affect your
out-of-pocket costs because the tax
credit would just go up but nobody kind
of hurt
and number two these increases and
premiums only apply to people who are
buying health insurance on the exchanges
in fact 85% of the people don't get
health insurance through Obamacare and
for you your health care premiums
actually have gone up a lot less since
Obamacare was passed than they did
before Obamacare was passed the average
family's probably saved about $3,000 in
lower health care premiums than if you
had seen those same health care cost
trends increased at the pace that they
did before the law was passed but you
know I didn't see a lot of headlines
about that but which I understand I mean
it because it's not it's not
controversial enough or it's a little
bit too complicated to get in a
soundbite so that's why individual voice
is so important and that's why I'm so
appreciative of journalists who actually
know what they're talking about thank
you Thank You mr. president
ladies and gentlemen please remain in
place until POTUS is left
you
