to contemplate death is to understand
that life must come to an end death is
the opposite of vitality of breath and
pulse and movement but the idea that
death occurs in a single moment isn't
quite right what seems black and white
is now understood to be a series of
events death is a process we understand
this process through the instruments
that we engineer to peer inside of our
own bodies and as the instruments and
methods evolve our definition of death
changes death and mammals was
historically grounded in what we could
see and hear and feel we see and hear
breathing cease and feel the heart stop
beating a circulation of oxygen and
nutrient carrying blood slows the flesh
and skin lose color and cool for
centuries the only sure sign of death
was decomposition and many lived in fear
of the possibility of a live burial
early forms of CPR were used for
drowning victims in the 18th century and
CPR techniques have continued to advance
as we learn more about resuscitation it
was a momentous shift the end of breath
no longer meant the end of life in the
1940s ventilators mechanized breathing
and in the 1950s defibrillators shocked
hearts back into normal rhythm with
these innovations a body could outlive
its brain brain death came to define the
medical end of consciousness after a
historical convening of doctors at
Harvard in 1968 when electrical activity
in the brain ceases the brain is no
longer able to keep the body alive
without life-support the eye has died
when neurons cease firing when doctors
call time of death for starting the
heart is futile because the brain has
stopped working we still maintain hope
with cryogenics and even more futuristic
attempts at slowing or circumventing
brain death and pushing the boundaries
of death even further
