it was the most peaceful joyous
incredible life-changing experience I've
ever had in my life there were scary
parts foreboding parts that I always
knew there was beautiful and joy and
peace on the other side of it it was
freeing it was really freeing this is
Elena she's describing what she felt
after she took a dose of this stuff
psilocybin it's a naturally occurring
psychedelic compound the kind that you
find in magic mushrooms but she wasn't
tripping in a dorm room or a Woodstock
it actually wasn't recreational at all
if anything became unreal or I was
feeling nervous or not in touch with
reality
I would squeeze his hand and he would
squeeze mine back just to reassure me
that I was okay and everything was
alright it was part of a controlled
medical tests to see if psychedelics
could be useful and helping people quit
cigarettes Elena had been smoking for 37
years before her session with psilocybin
and she hasn't had a cigarette since
research on psychedelics for medical use
is preliminary most studies suffer from
really small sample sizes and that's
partly because the federal government
lists LSD and psilocybin as schedule 1
drugs so researchers face extra red tape
and funding is really hard to come by
Vox writer Herman Lopez reviewed dozens
of studies that have been done and he
found that psychedelics show promise for
treating addiction OCD anxiety and in
some cases depression one small study of
15 smokers found that eighty percent
were able to abstain from smoking for
six months after a psilocybin treatment
in a pilot study of 12 advanced cancer
patients suffering from end-of-life
anxiety participants who took psilocybin
generally showed lower scores on a test
of depression and a smaller study
suggested the psilocybin treatment could
actually help people with alcohol
dependence cut back on their drinking
days we don't have all the answers as to
what exactly these treatments are doing
in the brain but they seem to work by
providing a meaningful and even mystical
experience that leads to lasting changes
in a patient's life the issues that I
talked about or thought about or went
into during
experience we're transformative in the
sense that I got to look at them through
a different lens I never sounds weird I
feel like I have more connections in my
brain that I couldn't access before if
that feeling that Elena is describing is
actually pretty spot-on when you take
LSD your brain looks something like this
you can actually see a higher degree of
connectivity between various parts of
the brain it's not limited to the visual
cortex this communication inside the
brain helps explain visual
hallucinations and the researchers argue
that it could also explain why
psychedelics can help people overcome
serious mental issues they were that you
can think of psychiatric disorders as
the brain being entrenched in pathology
harmful patterns become automated and
hard to change and that's what can make
things like anxiety and addiction and
depression very hard to treat the reason
that those kinds of conditions are so
difficult to treat it is that there's
something more to them than just the
illness that's Albert Garcia rimu he's a
Johns Hopkins researcher who's worked on
studies of psilocybin and smoking
addiction like the one that Elena's
involved with he says that when
participants take psychedelics they have
a very profound meaningful experiences
that can sometimes help them to make new
insights into their own behaviors and
also to kind of reconnect with their
values and priorities in terms of what's
very important to them one of the big
remaining questions here is how long
these benefits actually last after the
one time treatment a review of research
on LSD assisted psychotherapy and
alcoholism found no statistically
significant benefits after 12 months and
a recent study on psilocybin and
depression found that benefits
significantly dropped off after just
three months and of course there are
some big risks to using psychedelic
drugs it's hard to predict a patient's
reaction and some might actually
endanger themselves those predisposed to
psychotic conditions are especially at
risk for having a traumatic experience
while on the drug it's difficult to draw
solid conclusions from the existing
studies but there's more than enough
promise here to merit further research
and further funding for that research as
Matthew Johnson of Johns Hopkins said
these are among the most
debilitating and costly disorders known
to humankind
for some people no existing treatments
help but psychedelics might one thing
you might still be wondering is why so
much of this research is so new when
we've known about psychedelics for
thousands of years well since these
drugs are so old they can't be patented
which means that pharmaceutical
companies don't really have any
incentive to fund any research into them
so that really leaves it up to
governments and private contributors to
fund all these studies and there
actually was a lot of research done into
these drugs in the 50s and 60s but there
was a big enough backlash to the abuse
of psychedelics in that period
especially around events like Woodstock
the funding really dried up and research
stopped and that's why it's only now
that we see this research happening with
private and not government contributions
