for a long time running was for weirdos
it wasn't always like it is today today
we're used to people pushing past us on
the sidewalk dressed in neon and kitted
out with iPods and fitbit's it's normal
that everybody looks like cyborgs
highlighters in in America the metric
system is basically kept alive by 5k
races alone but back in the 60s running
was so unusual that it had to be
explained to people on October 15th 1968
the Chicago Tribune devoted an entire
page to a strange new trend jogging the
newest road to fitness a typical
recreational runner Andre Mandeville ran
11 minute miles he also smoked three to
four packs of cigarettes a day that same
year in New York runners like dick
courtier got ticketed for illegal use of
the highway by a pedestrian and in
Connecticut Ray Crothers was chased by
five squad cars cruising the streets
because he was running small town
athletes suffered two women especially
one woman wrote there was no thing odder
than a woman jogging in a small town she
decided to swim instead athletes always
ran but for recreation it was rare
boxers track stars and soldiers sure but
normal people rarely ran before the late
60s it wasn't just odd outdoors either
the most infamous use of a treadmill
wasn't in a gym but in a prison in 1895
the Chicago Tribune described a
treadmill
for its readers it was the great Bugaboo
of the English convict the prisoner in
that case the writer Oscar Wilde who was
serving a two-year sentence for sodomy
his hard labor included the treadmill
long story short you did not jump on the
treadmill while watching house hunters
after work treadmills had been used as a
power source for thousands of years but
in the 1820s the Brixton prison made
them famous as a tool in jails if there
was nothing for the treadmill to grind
they had a power of fan to grind the win
yeah
even prison treadmills had a difficulty
setting and while treadmills were used
by medical professionals and athletes in
the 1900s the prison treadmill was a
symbol of what running meant at worst
torture at best training but by 1969
treadmills were being developed for home
use and that reflected the sea change
that ultimately made jogging mainstream
the New York Times reported the reason
inventor William stop believed his
mainstream treadmill could work a 1968
book aerobics convinced him of the
health of an aerobic workout and it was
one of many books that pointed to
jogging as a way to get fit much of the
credit for jogging specifically goes to
legendary University of Oregon track
coach Bill Bowerman who discovered
cross-country jogging on a trip to New
Zealand in 1962 after meeting with
pioneering runner and coach Arthur
Lydiard Bowerman's 1966 pamphlet was a
hit and it was followed by a massively
popular book others followed runners
like Steve Prefontaine became
celebrities and rider runners like Jim
Fixx continued the seventies running
boom with hit books around the same time
a young company called Nike co-founded
by Bowerman had financial incentives to
push the new sport forward Nike and
other companies also meant those early
jogging shoes and outfits got a lot
better and it's continued that way to
the present race participation alone has
quadrupled since 1990 and there's almost
no shame about incredibly colorful
tights and talking about your quads to
strangers it's become a sign of
political vigor but even in the 60s
people like Secretary of the Interior
Stewart Udall were confident that
jogging's here to stay it turns out they
had good reason as another runner putted
in 1968 at first you think everyone is
staring at you and they are after a
while you enjoy jogging so much that you
don't give a damn I'm a runner myself
really slow but technically a runner
that might be why I find some of these
anecdotes of music one of my favorites
is from
1968 when Senator Strom Thurmond was
running around Greenville South Carolina
and he was followed by a squad car
because he was suspiciously jogging
