toriel victims the United States has a
problem with gun violence we hold the
victims in our hearts perhaps we may
never fully understand it we talk about
it after mass shootings but it's much
larger and more complicated than those
debates allow here's what you need to
know about the state of gun violence in
America it's true that the u.s. sees
many more mass shootings than these
other developed countries between 2000
and 2014 there were 133 mass shootings
in public populated places that's
excluding gang violence and terrorism of
course the u.s. is a much larger country
but if you adjust for population size it
still ranks higher of these countries
Finland is next with just two shootings
over 14 years but a much much smaller
population and this type of tragedy
seems to be happening more often in the
u.s. each of these squares represents a
public mass shooting with four or more
fatalities before 2011 they happened six
months apart on average but since then
only two months go by between them I
hope and pray that I don't have to come
out again during my tenure as president
talk to my condolences to families in
these circumstances that was October 1st
2015 and just about two months later
yesterday tragically our first senator
thousand prayers to the families public
mass shootings get all the attention
because they're often so indiscriminate
but the truth is mass shootings are
unlike most gun deaths in America here's
how it breaks down according to the most
recent data 92 people are killed with
guns every day on average about 30 of
those or homicides of which maybe one
and a half at most can be considered
part of mass shootings
most of those kill 58 people a day are
suicides the rest are accidental
shootings police actions and
undetermined incidents those suicides
they show up in international
comparisons - these are the 10 countries
ranked highest on human development by
the UN the US has the highest suicide
rate among them and this darker bar
shows how many of those are with guns
some people think suicide isn't really
relevant to the gun issue but to go and
think that some type of gun control
regulations that are being talked about
are going to stop somebody from
committing suicide when there's so many
other ways for people commit suicide but
the methods that people use are
important because suicide attempts often
stem from temporary crises the vast
majority of people who survived suicide
attempts don't end up dying from suicide
but guns make it nearly impossible to
get that second chance the victims of
gun suicides are overwhelmingly men and
mostly white
and the rate of gun suicides has been
increasing in the u.s. at the same time
the rate of gun homicides has been
decreasing especially since the 90s when
crime rates in general were higher but
if you compare the u.s. to other
developed countries it doesn't look like
good news these are homicides adjusted
for population size the US would
probably have a higher homicide rate
even without guns but you can see how
gun violence pushes that rate far beyond
the other countries here the victims of
these shootings they're not the ones you
often see on the national news they're
disproportionately young black men you
guys can leave here to go on with your
lives we gotta go on to empty roads
because I choose your lives were taken
away by people who should not have had
guns anyway one possible explanation is
that the u.s. simply has more crime than
those other countries but if you set
aside homicides for a moment and look at
rates of burglary or assault you don't
see that same spike that you see with
homicide it's not that America has much
more crime it's that crime in the u.s.
is much more lethal altogether the
number of gun deaths in the u.s. from
2000 to 2013 exceeds the number of
Americans killed by AIDS by illegal drug
overdoses the Iraq and Afghanistan wars
and terrorism combined it should be
clear by now that this level of gun
violence is a uniquely American problem
among the developed world and here's one
reason why there are a ton of guns in
the US this chart shows the estimated
number of guns by country it's adjusted
for population size and it's still not
even close question that I would like to
ask you is is how on earth could he
compile 13 guns how can that happen if
you take a look back at the 10 countries
with the highest levels of human
development you can see that it's
relatively really easy to get a gun in
the US all of the other countries
require a license to purchase most guns
and those purchases are recorded into an
official registry to get that license
people have to state a reason for why
they want a gun and in most of these
countries they have to pass a safety
test and are required by law to store
their guns safely in part because of its
lacks laws there are well over 300
million guns in the US and Counting
this chart doesn't reflect private sales
but it shows the number of background
checks which all federally licensed
dealers have to run it suggests that the
demand for guns has been increasing
steeply since Barack Obama took office
so we've looked at gun deaths and at gun
ownership
this chart puts them together it shows
that among highly developed countries
the more guns in a country the more gun
deaths you can see that countries like
Switzerland which have relatively more
guns than a country like the Netherlands
also have a higher gun death rate and
here's the u.s. likewise u.s. states
with more guns have more gun homicides
there are outliers like Idaho which has
higher rates of gun ownership but low
rates of gun murders but overall there's
a correlation between gun ownership and
homicide rates and that relationship has
held up in studies that control for
things like poverty unemployment and
crime the correlation between gun
ownership and gun deaths is even
stronger for suicides
it makes sense depression with a gun is
more dangerous than depression without
one likewise fights domestic disputes
road rage drunkenness all much more
dangerous with a gun than without
that said you might need different
policies to keep guns away from
potential mass shooters than you would
to keep them out of inner-city gangs or
out of the hands of someone who might
hurt themselves America doesn't have a
gun problem it has several of them
