why did Santa start partying so hard
this is SantaCon in new york city in
cities around the world people gather to
dress up like Santa and get
fantastically jolly that is really drunk
it's where intrepid Santa reporters
learned the whole doles looks I was
covering up
but how did Santa con become Santa Carla
I I don't care what it is this is
drinking to have a good time but what if
it started way before you thought and in
a really weird way just out of curiosity
when did it all together thank you for
asking like all great stories
Santa cons begins in an abandoned
military base in Denmark here in 1971
squatters claimed 84 acres they called
it Freetown Christiania and that unusual
free state inside Copenhagen was the
North Pole for the first group of
Santa's they were theater group
established in 1969 and they went by the
name of okay I had no idea how to
pronounce it either so I called someone
who does soy almond soul
bounine Sol Sol his son and valknut his
wagon
Sol Bonin Sol abundant bone and bone and
then just kind like whoa you know that
sound bone and they took the name from a
relic of early Norse religion so it's
the wagon of the Sun and of course the
chariot is how we usually translated the
Sun chariot because it carries the Sun
across the sky but their mission was
modern in 1974 around 75 Santa's dressed
up and formed a Santa Claus army dad
Mart was in this oil crisis and just
crises in general so they performed a
miniature parable of Santa's learning
about the consumerism of Christmas the
first day they were followed by angels
proudly parading with Dana
the next day they caroled then they
visited a closed factory and things went
downhill the less than jolly Santa's
soon protests at unemployment and mobbed
a department store giving away free
gifts children wept as their Santa's
were arrested the first SantaCon was
performance art with purpose so how did
we get from that to Santa's who shotgun
natty ice and have vape pens Mother
Jones were an article in 1977 and that
article inspired a prankish art group in
San Francisco who escapade around the
city and danced through the room at
dinner parties from there it snowballed
and lost the any consumer sentiment as
the Santa's got jolly it became a party
so wild that Santa has been banned in
several New York City neighborhoods will
Santa con ever get back to its roots
maybe not now it has its own new
meanings Santa con is my favorite thing
that happens in New York
the Santa's might be drunker but they're
happier as they tiptoe around the
holiday vomit but Danish Santa's don't
worry
at least the elves are keeping up the
fight I am brothers and sisters that
work 24/7 to make little toys for
children you know
