after 9/11 a ton of things changed in
the US government including the drug war
I helped the bomber get a fake passport
all the kids do it President Bush
reframed the war on drugs to make it
part of the global war on terror and the
drug trade supports terrorist networks
the White House spent around four
million dollars on two Super Bowl ads in
2002 saying soon the Drug Enforcement
Administration embraced its new role and
began assembling the tools needed to
pursue narco terrorists anywhere in the
world mr. Chairman I have an amendment
they got a statute added to the Patriot
Act which makes it a federal crime to
engage in drug trafficking that directly
or indirectly aids or provides support
to a foreign terrorist organization by
2007 agency was armed with a 75%
increase in its international budget but
there was just one problem in almost all
of those cases the nexus between drugs
and terror happens through an informant
who was working for the DEA in other
words it's created or manufactured by
the DEA zone conspiracy let's just say
that again in almost all of the cases
the DEA pursued without the DEA
informants there would have been no
connection between drugs and terrorism
let's start with a particularly
high-profile example from 2008 the DEA
begins to target West Africa they saw
cocaine was moving through the region on
its way from Colombia to Spain and they
asked their informants to investigate
whether any of the money was going to
terrorists they posed as members of the
FARC a Colombian rebel organization
that's considered a terrorist group by
the United States one of these
informants who is identified in the
court files as Mohammed led them to a
Malian smuggler named Harouna Toure the
informants offered to pay Toure millions
of dollars if he could help them smuggle
who came through the Sahara and they
told her a that they wanted to work with
al-qaeda
mohamad keeps trying to test
tour√© to demonstrate that he really is
who he says he is
can you bring someone who actually is a
member of al-qaeda to one of these
meetings and I'll bring my FARC
commander to one of these meetings Torre
obliges and soon after the Ghanaian
police who've been an arrest on the
ghanaians turn them over to the DEA they
are loaded onto a private jet in 24
hours they land in New York still
wearing their you know long dashikis and
their sandals and one of the coldest
days of the year that year in 2009 this
is where things start to unravel the DEA
provided no evidence outside of the
meetings recorded with its own informant
that Tora had any connections to al
Qaeda at all Harouna never brought up al
Qaeda he would parrot it back to them
because it became clear in these
conversations that that's what they
wanted him to stay and his al-qaeda
friend Toure had brought a childhood
friend to play the role of an al Qaeda
member he had told his lawyers he
pretended to be a terrorist because of
the chance to get rich to the DEA that
was enough to arrest him federal judge
Barbour as Jones didn't agree she
concluded there was no narco-terrorism
she said there was no actual involvement
by the defendants in the activities
either of the farm or of Al Qaeda the
government dropped in our the terrorism
charge to rape pleaded guilty to lesser
charges these guys weren't al Qaeda
operatives they had been sort of set up
by an informant he and his friends were
sentenced between four and five years in
prison when I thought are they the only
one
and I started asking my DEA sources and
one of them sent me this brag book it
was almost like it's greatest hits in
the narco-terrorists arted going through
the cases and I realized the Malians
were not the only ones
the brag book makes reference to 32
people or thirty seven if you count
related cases in almost all of these
cases the only connection between drugs
and terror is the one established by the
DEA as conspiracy three you were
convicted by juries others pleaded
guilty to avoid lengthy prison terms but
while the DEA claimed victories against
al-qaeda the Taliban and the FARC almost
none of those charged were ever proven
to be members of those groups we can't
think of a single terrorist attack that
was directly funded by drugs the closest
that comes to that is the Madrid train
bombings that attack which killed 191
people on March 11 2004 was funded in
part by Hoshi sales but there was no
direct link to a major terror network
the biggest threats to the US currently
get their money other ways Isis gets its
money through oil and extortion and al
Qaeda the 9/11 Commission and a more
recent Senate report found no evidence
of an al Qaeda role in drug trafficking
so does drug trafficking fund terrorism
there's evidence to suggest that it has
in Colombia and it funds both sides of
the war in Afghanistan but for the
bigger threats to the West that the DEA
boasts about in this book there just
isn't compelling evidence
the DEA strongly defends its use of
sting operations and says it's gathered
lots of convincing evidence beyond
meetings set up by paid informants to
prove the links
it has presented almost none of that
evidence in court
