this is a surely card and if he
developed color film between the 1940s
in the 1990s the accuracy of the colors
in your photos were pretty much based on
this skin tone Shirley was probably the
name of the first person who was
pictured on the cards and Shirley became
the subsequent name of all the women
pictured on the card
that's Lorna Roth a professor and
researcher at Concordia University in
Montreal either they were white women we
wore very colorful dresses color film
works like this there are layers of
chemicals stacked on each other that are
sensitive to different colors of lights
and there are a series of different
types of chemical solutions that are
used to develop them once exposed to
that light a combination of all of these
chemicals creates a film's color balance
and for many decades chemicals that
would bring out various reddish yellow
and brown tones were largely left out
the consumer market that was designated
in the design of film chemistry was that
of the lighter skinned market so when it
came to defining what an idealized
international skin tone would be it
turned out to be a lighter skin tone
than a darker skin tone if you're
shooting people with lighter skin it
looks good
if you shooting people with darker skins
it doesn't look so good if you're
shooting mixed-race in the same screen
then we see the real problems it wasn't
until the 1970s where things started to
change and it came from a very unlikely
source companies that were advertising
different kinds of wood furnitures were
complaining that Kodak film did not
render the difference between dark
grained wood and light grained wood the
other companies that could have
responded to were chocolate makers
because the film couldn't render the
difference between dark chocolate and
milk chocolate as the film and
television industries became more
diverse color balance issues at the
professional level became even more
apparent and in the 1990s a team of
designers at Philips in Breda Holland
the issue head-on by developing a camera
system that used two different computer
chips to balance lighter and darker skin
tones individually first people to buy
these cameras for television and they
were called the LD K series where Oprah
Winfrey and Black Entertainment
Television like people who were very
aware of these issues it was around this
time that the white Shirley card was
joined by the black Shirley card and the
Latino Shirley car in the multiracial
Shirley card and Kodak's goldmax
marketing campaign emphasized their
films improved dynamic range one of the
things that they said about gold max is
that gold max is a fine film that can
photograph a dark horse in low light if
you were his parents would you trust
this moment to anything other than Kodak
gold film no other film in the world is
your true color than Kodak gold today
color film and digital camera sensors
have a much broader dynamic range but
the default towards lighter skin in
technology still lingers one of the big
mistakes emerged in 2009 I'm sure my
coworker Wanda and I are sitting in
front of an HP media smart computer it's
supposed to follow me as I move on black
I think my blackness is interfering with
the computers ability to him to follow
me this way and the camera follows it
and then he get into the screen and it
would be completely stable no face
recognition anymore buddy my two
separate but equal light meters allow me
to capture the pace deist whites and the
dirtiest starts you deserve to have
those memories captured by a true
professional not ruined by some hack who
can't accommodate different skin tones
the fact is there is still a cultural
bias towards lighter skin certainly in
how we use technology and sometimes
within the technology itself technology
should be the ultimate equalizer
it should serve everyone's needs without
an inherent bias if a child is born into
a society where all of the range of skin
tones is the obvious norm then they can
no longer assume that whiteness is
default
