so in a cave in South Africa scientists
found fossils from a totally new species
of ancient human called Homo Naledi
it's got a tiny brain with human-like
arms but a ape-like thorax and chest the
hands are mixed between very very
advanced human-like hands but the
fingers are curved from mid thigh down
it looks like a human long legs
human-like feet really a combination
that we've never seen before in the
fossil record two years ago a pair of
amateur cavers came across the chamber
really deep in this cave that held the
fossils and they notified scientists
this is located in South Africa it's 30
miles northwest of Johannesburg the two
cavers working their way through this
cave crawled through a really small
opening called Superman's crawl after
that they climbed over a big jagged wall
of rocks into a new chamber filled with
stalactites keep in mind this is totally
pitch black so they are exploring with
headlamps but they don't really have a
clear idea of what everything looks like
and what's going on and then one of them
noticed a tiny little opening in some
places less than 8 inches wide that led
to the chamber where the scientists
ultimately found all these fossils they
had to hire basically really small
cavers six different women who could
crawl through this tiny little space and
in total they've excavated more than
1500 pieces of fossils so far this find
included fossils from 15 different
individuals of this species which is
just an absolutely huge discovery there
was a couple infants a bunch of
juveniles one particularly old
individual and I suppose the most
surprising it's what they were doing in
this chamber the conclusion though it's
not certain is that their relatives
might have been putting them there on
purpose after they died in national
Geographics cover story about this
discovery jamie Shrieve details how the
scientists eliminated all their
possibilities to figure out that likely
these were intentional burials so
there's no tooth marks on the bone it
doesn't really seem like predators
dragged these bodies in there's no
evidence that water carried them in that
would be a big deal because right now
the oldest clear evidence of intentional
burial is 100 thousand years old and
that's Homo sapiens so this would
predate it by maybe millions of years if
it's if it's accurate
