so you might have heard the NFL made one
of the biggest changes to game play in
its 94 season history first they changed
the field goal from four points to three
points in 1909 and now this was before
this season when a team scored a
touchdown they start the ball at the 2
yard line and attempt an extra point
kick or they could run or pass the ball
into the endzone for two points this
season the two-point conversion will
stay at the 2 yard line but the ball
will be moved back to the 15 yard line
for extra point kicks 30 of the 32 NFL
team owners voted for this rule for one
main reason extra points have become
really boring with only 8 out of 1,230
this last season it's pretty much
guaranteed a kicker will make it
sometimes the NFL doesn't even bother to
return from a commercial break to show
the extra point but why change the rules
now after 94 seasons
extra points weren't always guaranteed
the way they've become over the years
kickers gradually have become more
specialized and accurate last season an
average of 5 points per game were scored
from extra point kicks and because more
than a quarter of all games since 2002
were decided by less than 5 points this
rule change could have drastic impacts
what do you think is the NFL violating
the sanctity of game play or they
adapting with the times and making a
game more exciting
you
