so a lot of people know that the US has
a lot of gun deaths we have over 33,000
and 2013 not a lot of people know that
the majority of those about two-thirds
of those are suicides most poke
attention on guns had focuses on these
big mass shootings I don't want to
minimize these tragedies they're
horrible but I do think press coverage
of this can obscure the actual nature of
the gun problem in America the
overwhelming majority of people die
denounced in u.s. don't die because
someone shot them they died because they
shot themselves u.s. owns more guns per
resident than any other country in the
world yeah there is about one gun for
every person in America we own more than
Switzerland which were fires people that
have guns in their houses as members of
militias to defend the country for
comparison people often talk about
Canada is a country that also has a big
gun culture but we have about almost
three times as many guns Canada when we
health people who are concerned about
suicide are really really concerned
about access to guns about six to seven
percent of attempts involving poisoning
or cutting slashing your risks only six
to seven percent of those attempts
succeed whereas the rate of success if
you try to kill yourself with a gun is
over ninety percent I think the most
dangerous most people have that suicide
is that it's inevitable suicides are
usually impulsive actions that are
decided within minutes or hours or less
than a day before the attempt people can
be talked down from them which makes the
method that they choose to attempt
extremely important there have been a
bunch of interventions that suggest
pretty strongly that the reducing
people's access to guns reduces suicide
rates there was a case in Israel where
the
Israeli Defense Force Institute policy
whereby soldiers couldn't bring their
guns home on the weekend and they found
the firearm suicides dropped by 40
percent
similarly Australia instituted a massive
gun buyback in 1996 that took about 1/5
of the country's guns and there's
evidence suggesting a truly massive
decrease in in suicides after that if
someone told you that there was there
was a pollutant in your house that was
killing twenty one thousand people a
year like you would want to do something
about that it's worth asking ourselves
if guns are that kind of pollutant and
if so what we're going to do about it
