so you're going in the museum and it's
great the guards check your bag to make
sure you won't I don't know shoot a
painting you go up some fancy escalators
you see naked statues and then it
happens you see a super ugly medieval
baby
why did medieval babies look like ugly
middle-aged men I mean this baby looks
like he wants to tell you that a boat is
just a money pit it might seem like
medieval artists were just bad at
drawing but it turns out that babies in
medieval art er actually ugly for a
reason while their wood breakthroughs an
Anatomy and perspective that happened
later in the Renaissance
uncle medieval babies were an
intentional choice before that time
somebody told you to paint like Pablo
Picasso and you gave me Norman Rockwell
you'd have screwed up and it was the
same way for medieval artists working in
churches in Italy it's because most of
these babies were depictions of Jesus
and Mary they were influenced by the
idea of the homunculus which is Latin
for little man these babies look like
Benjamin Button
because philosophers believe Jesus was
born perfectly formed and unchanged the
adult Jesus was represented in the baby
Jesus until the Renaissance when
everything changed generally we think of
the Middle Ages is lasting from around
the 5th to the 15th century and it kind
of overlapped the beginning of the
Renaissance in the 14th century
Renaissance probably began in Florence
Italy but it's important to note that it
unfolded over centuries and countries in
a time when everything moved slowly so
it wasn't instant beautiful babies
everywhere still the change in style did
happen and it happened for a couple of
reasons
suddenly in places like Florence were
getting richer and churches weren't the
only places that could afford paintings
people could get their own babies
painted and they wanted him to look like
cute chubby babies not a monk you lied
and because the Renaissance was all
about classics they looked at Greek and
Roman art which was all about idealized
forms that ditched the medieval
abstraction for beauty and okay who put
that ugly baby there anyway the point is
that after the Renaissance cherubs
didn't seem out of place and neither did
cuter pictures of baby Jesus is the
Renaissance spread through Europe and
it's kind of stayed that way sense we
want babies who look like they need
their cheeks pinched not their prostates
checked we want them chubby and cute and
we want babies that fit our ideals
because those medieval babies they have
a face that only a mother could love
