I live and breathe Brooklyn people
describe me as argumentative talkative
super friendly I literally can talk to a
wall and I have perfected the art of
telling it like it is that's the first
way that you know that I'm a true
Brooklyn I
Brooklyn for me is a place of resilience
it's a place of diversity it's a place
that I love almost as much as I love
like a human being growing up as a New
York City public school student every
time there was a Muslim high holy
holiday I had to choose between going
into school and celebrating my faith I
was conflicted about it most often as an
overachiever I actually chose to go to
school on my high holy holidays when I
was 21 years old 9/11 happened my mom
was running out of the house and I said
to her where are you going and she said
I got to go pick up your brother from
school and I said wait a minute but you
don't have your hijab on like where are
you going she said we can't wear it
right now that really made me it gave me
it's like a something in my stomach just
made me feel nauseous my whole
perspective on what country I lived in
just change in a matter of minutes my
community was being directly targeted in
these post 9/11 law enforcement sweeps
I thought maybe my people need me right
now maybe I can use the skills that I
have being bilingual understanding two
cultures so I chose to go and volunteer
at the Arab American Association of New
York I was gonna do it temporarily and
then 15 years later I'm still here in
2006 a New York State Department of
Education scheduled statewide exams on
Muslim high holy holidays children would
have to choose between celebrating their
faith with their family and taking a
very critical exam that will determine
whether or not they go to the next grade
parents were like one out of every eight
students are Muslim we should be able to
close schools just like we close schools
for Jewish holidays and Christian
holidays this was about asking for
dignity and the respect and inclusion
that our children deserve and that led
us on a mission there is a culture clash
going on in the classrooms a group is
pushing for New York City Schools to
recognize Muslim holidays my organ is
they really helped Shepherd it Muslims
from all backgrounds came together and
he organized we mobilized we worked with
our allies Jewish groups Christian
groups Hindu groups and at the front
lines were Muslim women a lot of the
leaders who worked with us on this
campaign said we've never seen anything
like this one man literally embodied the
entire opposition of our campaign
everybody would like to be recognized
but the truth of the matter is we need
more school days not less I was in a
meeting with Mayor Michael Bloomberg
face to face and he said hell no not on
my watch and that really was a very low
point for us in the campaign I have
three children I go to New York City
public schools and the last thing that I
wanted to do is turn around and tell my
kids guess what we gave up in 2013 New
Yorkers were going to choose a new mayor
I figured out a way to use my political
connections to make this the issue my
eight-year-old daughter stood up in a
mayoral candidate forum I said we were
able to get six Democrats one
independent and even the Republican
candidate to actually say on the record
that when we become mayor of New York
City we will incorporate Muslim holidays
the Department of Education will now be
recognizing to Islamic holidays the move
comes after years of lobbying with a
resolution leaving one in tears I am
very humbled to have been chosen by my
coalition by my community to stand with
the mayor of New York City in front of
my family and my children to say that
I'm your mother and I did this for you
this is a win for inand for future
generations in this country in the
summer of 2015 my daughter gets the
school calendar in the mail and she's
like oh my god
look look it says the ADA nada ha it
says it even fitted on it like on the
calendar she's so ecstatic you would
think the girl got a million dollar
check in the mail
for the largest public school system in
the entire country to say wait a minute
you matter your faith matters that was
really a big deal
Muslims are part of the fabric of this
country we make our country proud and
today New York City made us proud
