the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and
Sciences hosts a little show every year
called the Oscars a group of mostly old
mostly white men vote on their favorite
movies in 2006 some of these men
publicly commented that they could never
vote for a movie like Brokeback Mountain
because homosexuality was kind of gross
you guys the Academy is trying to
diversify its membership to diversify
the types of movies it nominates in turn
and hopefully shake this old white men
thing has it pulled this off yes and no
I was so surprised I fell off my knee
the organization invited a bunch of
younger voters as well as women in
people of color and that has led to a
more diverse Awards body and more
diverse nominees the Best Picture lineup
is now much more likely to include
blockbusters like Toy Story 3 as well as
smaller movies like beasts of the
southern wild in the acting categories
at least people of color have been much
better represented a woman won Best
Director for the first time ever in 2010
and in 2014 12 years of slave became the
first Best Picture winner ever descent
her soul in a black characters journey
rather than that journey is filtered
through a white person's point of view
you're my best friend I thought about
something from the point of view to help
but the Oscars were first awarded in
1929 and it took the Academy 81 years to
give an oscar for direction to a woman
plus you have to go back to 2003 to find
the last best picture of the female
protagonist since then we've had a white
Hobbit a white guy the City of LA white
guys white Cowboys a guy from India like
King black and white guy white guy
playing Hispanic guy in 12 years slave
and in 2015 things somehow got worse
with no people of color nominated in
acting categories no women nominated for
directing or screenwriting for the first
time in 15 years and not a single Best
Picture nominee about a woman for the
first time in nearly a decade
yes these stories mostly white men have
value but they're not the only stories
is the Academy's choices too often
suggest just look at this year's
nominees American sniper whiplash
the grand Budapest hotel the theory of
everything
the annotation burden Whaler there are
some great movies on that list
I do find this very exciting I was
missing a whole host of good to great
films about moment without con girl
what about Wilde what about two days one
night now what about the babadook this
is a big Oscar problem and it's won the
Academy will have to fix
