these two guys were standing behind us
and I'm clearly pregnant and we've got
her two-year-old and this guy was like
uh I wonder what she's hiding under
there I wish I could rip that fucking
off her head you know knowing that I
could hear him when Mona and I met it
was 2012 I mean it's it's hard not to be
corny and sentimental but you know for
me it was really love at first sight
Islamophobia just wasn't the thing that
it is today I don't know if I would have
converted as readily or as publicly now
as I did then I kind of experienced
these two different like cities when I
go out now like I spend most of the day
with Safi and the world is just this
kind of like friendly you know great
place and going out with Mona people are
not shy about staring specials like oh
this is my wife Mona
people are like oh nice to meet you
like Muslim lady
the FBI now believes the massacre in San
Bernardino was an act of foreign
inspired terrorism shootings in Paris in
two or three locations after San
Bernardino and the Paris attacks it was
really intense as soon as we heard about
the event there was hardly time to mourn
before it was like bracing for the
backlash there was a significant rise in
Islamophobic cake crimes just this
afternoon there was a fire at a mosque
in Southern California it is the latest
in a string of violence directed at
Muslims we didn't leave the house for I
think two or three weeks I had this
sense of this kind of blanket of dread
we just we felt like we had to do
something to like you know replace some
of that trauma with with love and
connection we were like how do we get
people to talk to it and so it was like
we we bribed them with doughnuts I kind
of had this idea of like Lucy and her
like lemonade stand to the psychiatrist
thing that's very homemade thing we took
our son with us we took my mom's dog
with us like three big boxes of coffee
and three dozen donuts so many people
really don't do it you're basically
putting a bull's-eye on yourselves we
set up and there was kind of this little
inhale of you know what's gonna happen
she has on some doughnuts the very first
person this kid walked up and he said I
just want you to know I'm Muslim and I
think what you're doing is really cool
you know and I just felt this like
it's kind of tingle and the very next
woman walked up to us with eyes full of
tears saying I'm so sorry for what your
community is having to suffer through
right now you're hot a lot of people
they come up and they say I don't I
don't really know what to ask but can I
have a doughnut he's like yeah you can
have a doughnut you know and some people
really asked you like where's where's
the Muslim I want to talk I'm like I
already what should I ask you like we'll
ask us about our son as we're trying to
potty train him asked us about potty
training ask us about you know the Red
Sox that exchange meant everything nice
talking to you guys it was a lot of
curiosity and a lot of joy but after
that very first day that we went out I
posted just a picture of us standing in
front of the signs I said keep your
heads up muslims of america friends kept
sharing it and then their friends shared
it and eventually it just went crazy
viral and PR was calling me and who Mike
the Boston Globe and Huffington Post and
People magazine and Al Jazeera Mona
Heydar wants to fight fear with free
donuts and dialog the hashtag Eskimo
some it's still going on on college
campuses and at functions and events all
over the country you know people will
just set up a scam with some it's that
magic connection that I want to be the
lasting thing from ask them
yeah that's ven-ven yeah
