all right the marathon generates
millions of dollars in charity donations
every year just the one charity I ran
for Fred's team raised over five million
dollars for cancer research oftentimes
you're talking about marathon people ask
why is it 26.2 miles there's a good
reason for that
it's the distance between Marathon and
Greece and Athens there was a battle
that the Greeks fought against the
Persians and marathon and a guy named by
Tiffany's he ran all the way back to
Athens to bring the news unfortunately
for those of us running the marathon
vita' pat√≠s died at the end of this run
regardless the popularity of marathon
running has exploded from children okay
so I wanted to know why do people run
the mill I've just completed a water at
golf
most marathons got seven continents in
one year we grown 160 marathons
finishing up in April at bosses doing
basically to inspire the next generation
and my memory of my mom and step up both
Lawson castle
what's your name try Morrow Sydney
Australia we're about nine miles in my
shins are starting to feel like but you
know the energy the crowd is probably
get power through my name is Jenny and
I'm from Queen born and raised in Queens
I love to run
I've been running since I was 18 my name
is Carrie from Chicago and I want to
stay in shape
my name is hop they cut on but I can
where are you from
ma'am there's also an entire
constellation of health reasons to run
regularly which marathon training makes
you do for between mile 20 and 21
this is the part of the races the
absolute everything my name is Sal arrow
and where you from I'm torch India and
why do you write I just wanted to run a
marathon and if I going to go you go be
you can make it
yeah I might win so why did I run the
marathon I wanted to see if I could do
it I wanted to see if it would bring my
wife Amy and I even closer and I wanted
to know if the regular training would
help improve my mood like several
studies suggested it did
you
