so you've been working on this article
for about a year now
ah total Shoob about again half almost
two years so I mean that's like a book
that's an amount of time you probably
hear about a boy how do you go about it
I mean the article begins with Claude
Ross right and the article is
substantially set in Chicago where you
don't live right how did you choose
Chicago how did you find Claude Ross
what is that well okay so we can start
the last question for his finding claros
um the Astoria Narborough satyr who's at
Rutgers for an extraordinary
extraordinary book called family
properties and family properties is a
history of redlining and housing in
Chicago set in North Lawndale
particularly about one of the you know
the big activist groups the contract by
his league in their claros is mentioned
in the book and a bunch of other people
who are alive at the time that that uh
dr. Sauter professor cider published the
book are in that book but the other
thing that's in that book which is
absolutely fascinating is an Atlantic
article from 1972 and that article made
people think my article was on that I
think that ought it was like thirty
thousand words and it's all about the
contract buyers League and redlining cly
Ross is in that article I didn't know
like mr. Ross's story at all so I didn't
like it wasn't like I went looking I was
you know signed a book I said I want
that guy but the first thing I did after
I finished it was I I'd sent an email to
Berlin I said you know any of these
people still alive do you think any
people I think a book mighta came out
like oh five so significant time it
passed now as I said do you think any
people are still alive and she said you
know I don't know but I can put you in
touch with Jack McNamara who's one of
the big organizers for the contract bias
league uh I wrote him we talked on the
phone a couple times he said well I'll
go see I'll go see who's alive um and he
Jack was that angel oh my god people
think of a spreadsheet I'm a members and
what their status was and you know
whether we could get to children or
whether we could get to them I mean this
was the cause of his life for a while so
the idea was gonna you know instead that
somebody was saying is still had
residence was just so you know I think
it just just warm just hot and so we
went I went to Chicago a Clyde was I'm
mr. Ross was one of the people on the
list in fact he's the first person on
the list and I talked to him and the
first thing he said
was on I said mr. Ross where were you
born they said Clarksdale Mississippi
and I said why did you leave Clarksdale
and he said I wanted the protection of
the law and you know mr. Ross is a thick
Mississippi accent I wasn't sure if I
was hearing oh right and I said why he
said no no I wanna I wanna he said i
wanted protection of the law
i said what does that mean he said well
when I was in Mississippi there were no
black police officers there were no
black prosecutes no black judges no
black defense attorneys no no black
anything we were effectively outside of
the law if something happened to us we
had no recourse at all people could
basically do whatever they wanted to us
um and then you know I asked him how
when he went you know write down the
list you know as he said his list of
losses that he had taken you know we
read about this sort of thing in books
right and by the time I got to mr. Ross
it must have been like the spring of
last year Bonnie and I have been doing
quite a bit of research I had probably
about six to eight months of research
that I had already put in just trying to
understand housing in Chicago nothing
compares to somebody actually telling
you you know in detail how they were
ripped off mm-hm um it was extraordinary
one of the things about the article that
I think when you first see the framing
when people think about reparations they
think about slavery right reading the
article slavery is not the moral core of
it
no no um housing discrimination is
rightly marilee right and is that why is
it this idea that slavery abhorrent as
it was was actually like sanctioned law
mm-hmm and then after that America moved
into a gray period where we actually had
essentially the legal regime right
around I think that the thing is that um
obviously we have reconstruction we had
this period where we where we tried to
make it right briefly we could have made
it right and you know had we made it
right we wouldn't be having you know
this discussion at all you're right
slavery is you know to the back and the
story but housing discrimination is
actually the legacy of slavery there
would be no reason for you know housing
discrimination for redlining if not for
enslavement that that's what you know
the reason why it happened to begin with
that's the long echo of never having to
deal with it to begin with so I mean I
don't you know I focus on a particular
portion of it you know a particular
portion of the legacy of white supremacy
but I it's very tough and I might
actually separate one from the other
fact in the way I wrote it when I wrote
the historical portion I tried to write
it as a continuance as you know it's a
continuum not as a break and then you
had this and then you had that the
dominant feature in african-american
life and african-american history in
this country is unfreedom is having less
freedom than our fellow citizens and you
see that in obviously in slavery in its
most extreme you know after enslavement
you lose you know thank God the right to
sell his children and put them on the
auction block
but I'm freedom is still in the form of
debt peonage in the form of a vagrancy
laws where people are arrested and you
know put in prison and having having to
work Douglas Blackmon has that great
book slavery by another name and in
housing discrimination well you don't
have a right to live what you want and
you're effectively crammed into you know
slums and you know all these awful sort
of things happen so I saw it as a
continuum focusing on you know a
particular point you're correct I think
the fact that folks are still alive and
still around makes a particularly
poignant that I start not with some guy
who died in 1890 but a guy who's right
there living on you know the west side
of Chicago right now you know who was
stolen from I think that helps the the
emotional power of it but um you know
it's very hard for me to break it you
know in the end imperious like that this
article is kind of hit like a bomb and
one of the things that I think is
fascinating about the reaction and the
direction I had to it as a reader is I
don't just come on throne wait there's
nothing new in there no it is synthesis
not right uncovering new details it's
not um it's not investigative reporting
in that way why did you think that an
article like this had to be written now
when you sent that email to your editor
I guess a year and a half what why did
you think that there was need for an
article that summed up what we knew all
right about American racism
I guess because uh we don't know and by
which I mean there are people who are
experts in this field they're people who
write about American history the people
who write sociology who know a guy who
you know is they say job to know
there are considerably fewer journalists
who know and they're considerably fewer
Americans who know and that was
clarified for me repeatedly in the kind
of back-and-forth debates I would get
- you know about any old thing you know
with folks online it was quite clear
there's a whole era so my reason why I
told Chicago is because Chicago had been
in news you know as you know sort of
this episode of quote-unquote black
black on black crime you know it had
been always talked about murders died
out of that but the conversation was so
a there was no question why do people
live like this how did it how did this
come to be to begin with you know like
how did this situation actually
transpire I went to Chicago for the
first time as an adult in 1995 and I was
driving down the Dan Ryan express in at
that time there was a stretch of
projects infant infamous projects you
know the famous Robert Robert Robert
Taylor homes it occurred to me as an
absolute monstrosity uh and I thought of
it as a moral monstrosity it never
occurred to me as somebody with specific
specific attention to race and racism
have plotted for people to live to live
and to live in that sort of way and I
mean that you know anybody who does any
research on public housing in Chicago
that's exactly what happened public
housing was put up on a segregated basis
but somehow have we forgotten that or we
want to forget it you know I mean I
think it all you're right it doesn't
uncover anything new it's a reminder of
that you know if you're gonna go on
television you're gonna talk about the
murder rate in Chicago you're gonna talk
about you know the shape of
african-american families you're gonna
you know stand up and lecture black men
about what they need to do
never forget that you're talking to a
community that has repeatedly gotten a
raw deal in this country never forget
that don't don't talk to these people
like somehow the American government
over the course of its history has been
a friend to black people in the black
community mm-hmm you know we need to
have some context here and be very very
clear about the conversation we've had
over you know the course of our
existence and that should inform the
conversation that we're having now it
seemed to me in that way that this
article is actually kind of in dialogue
with the article that I remember reading
for me first was in the Atlantic I think
about vineyard first their lending piece
about Bill Cosby and his kind of tour of
making this case about sort of African
American culture right and how it was
behind a lot of problems and African
Americans were having and through your
writing I think there's been a lot of
engagement today with Obama President
Obama and his kind of arguments on this
and peg has always been this part of
your writing that is
arguing with this kind of scolding
thread in sort of American discourse
towards african-americans and this
seemed to me to kind of be about that
and then turn around that as opposed to
being sort of reactive to that narrative
to be trying to set out a vision of what
you thought the correct narrative
actually was but it kind of set a
different frame for that entire
conversation did you think about it like
that I mean how much is part of this
procession
I am vaguely aware that I am mission
service and that I mean you can probably
look at most of my magazine work in the
Atlantic and just trace it thread right
as you said right on that Cosby right
right to Cosby piece right to here but I
think the deeper thing um I can't think
of a woman's name you know this book the
submerged state yeah um Metzler is met
so Suzanne metal exam bachelor and um
you know I've read pieces of I gotta you
know give myself some time to just
absorb that whole thing but you know
this basic idea of how things that are
done by you know a state or by
government somehow become the property
of individuals so it's very clear that
that that housing as we know it today in
America could not exist without
government it's just I mean this was not
you know people walking out you know out
into the wild and then putting a pole
down and saying I'm gonna build my house
I mean it's very very clear government's
hands all over it um and yet somehow in
the iconography of what housing is of
what the suburbs is it's seen as like an
individual achievement you know buying
into the American you view in somehow
individually achieve something and so
where we see the hand of government and
where we see the power of individuals
you know and how those two things are
conflated and Confused is fascinating
you know timmy's specifically to
african-americans if you say that
african-americans have you know an
inferior culture I have you know
cultural pathologies that they're
carrying with them um it seems to me you
have to act why that would be why would
that like my my whole you know beginning
of you know like when I start any
argument when it comes to
african-american when it comes to race
is that whatever action here is makes
sense now it doesn't mean it's a good
action I want that you know to be very
clear it doesn't mean it's a good
actually doesn't mean it should be
applauded but that it makes sense and it
likely has something to do that with
something that's going on it you know so
when you
here people say things like well you're
just being irresponsible why why would
you be irresponsible for instance if you
look at you know the rates of you know
present father's in the african-american
community you can observe that maybe you
know african-american fathers are less
present then say why father's right
let's just put that out there
the next question is why would that be
is it because african-american fathers
are irresponsible why why you know on
some level I feel like in these you know
conversations we either have to get to
actual historical processes we got to
get to genetics yeah one of the other
you know and we have a totally rejected
connective I think mostly we have so you
know in many ways culture becomes like a
cover for something else what's actually
happening you know if you say an
individual is not exercising okay so I
understand that about my son right like
I understand it on a one-to-one basis
you can say Tallahassee is not being
responsible got it when you're talking
about thousands and millions of people
are you know what it what is it about a
community of millions that they would
make them less responsible how can that
be what's going on there so I've been
you know since that time over the past
six years just trying to dig at that as
best I can
what is the answer you'd give at this
point I mean that's it the way you frame
that question is not the way it's framed
in this article I'm actually not really
even the way I've seen it framed right
on on your site alright so if that's
kind of the question animating it what
at this point is the answer well I'd say
you know this part of me because this is
so rejected that I feel even stupid
saying this you know it's like when you
have no consensus you're out here by
your so saying but you know to me it's
pretty clear I mean the african-american
community is one of the oldest ethnic
groups in this country you know we've
been here since 1619 okay if you examine
if you know an alien came to this
country said okay I'm gonna do a
thorough examination of what the policy
you know of you know
precut you know in the colonial times in
the history of America also what was the
policy you know of this country and it's
you know ancestor colonies you know that
person would have to conclude that
policy was one trying to ensure these
people occupied a PR class ensuring
failure ensuring ensuring failure when I
approach it that way when I think you
know that when I remember that
the epoch the period for which I for
which our enslavement in this country
last it was 250 years freedom's only
lasted 150 years and that freedom has
been really really halting but at least
100 of those years it you know you can
question how much freedom it actually
does um we have 50 years of kinda trying
to fix 350 is are really really immoral
wrong you think of it that way I'm not
sure how it becomes much of a question
like it just seems like common sense
it's pretty clear you know if I said you
know I'm spent three hundred fifty years
mistreating a group of people and if 50
years haltingly going back and forth
kind of trying to fix it kind of not or
maybe I'll just you know stop doing some
of the worst stuff I was doing well what
would be your expectation for the
socio-economic indicators for that group
of people looked at looked at it from
that perspective I think African
Americans are about exactly where we
would expect them to be but something in
not just that answered in the article
that I think until you word it this way
that I'd not thought about you said
early on there that there's been a
intentional policy of creating a pion
class mhm and something I think you'd go
through the article the hardest parts of
the article to read are not about the
monetary plunder mmm it's not people
taking other people's well there's a
aridness to that even if it's horrific
right the hardest part I ought to go to
read was about the breaking up of
families right right and at the top of
the article you get into something else
which i think is much more important
than I think even we really know how to
talk about its idea that you can rely on
the rule of law the difference between
an entrepreneur or a family who thinks
they can rely on the will of long-stay
to protect them in the protector
business and one who doesn't right we
have this incredible um lion ization of
risk takers it's a hell about easier to
take risk if you believe your property
is going to be protected if you get it
and that it's kind of the totality of
that what I thought was so stark in your
piece was it's the totality of what got
taken in terms of how that would make
you think about how to operate in our
economy or in my life right you know I
think it's something you do it's
interesting is you don't really go into
sort of what reparations would mean and
one of the things that piece commits me
is there almost is no way to repair
or some of this they're just you can
remake families you broke up 150 years
ago but it has to have some kind of fact
right no no and I think um there's a our
sociologist and I'm blanking on his name
he's gonna kill me for this he wrote
this book about Chicago great American
city I was very influential on my work
I'm so sorry I'm blanking on his name
it's the cameras um but I we were having
a discussion online uh you know over
email you know about this culture then
he had seen some of the debates I hadn't
he'd you know what I do engage and we
went back and forth and knowing him as a
sociologist I wanted to make sure I was
as sharp as I was and he was talking
about culture and one of the things he
was saying like we were talking about
say like the stop snitching then big for
a moment um if you live within the
community and you've experienced the
police for instance if you know like
that um if you do in fact snitch that
there will be no protection for you you
know by the police the police actually
can't protect you if you know that the
police sometimes are not you know always
you know the most law-abiding themselves
that creates a certain attitude that you
then carry forth through Authority
that's a very very small example yeah um
when I ask people to think about when
they you know hear about like the
contract a loan situation I talk about
an article when I asked them to think
about people losing their homes and
being evicted it's not just the people
who are being evicted ask them to think
about the community around who watches
that happen who knows that this person
works three jobs that our wife works two
jobs they got three because they really
trying to take care of and they got
evicted and you're a fifteen year old
kid just struggling with school you
having whatever issues are fifteen year
old kid you know might have and you see
that happening in your community as a
message being sent about you know what
the social contract is between you in
this country and then there's a whole
other world that you see I'm talking
personally here that you see when you
cut on the TV and you know that it's
somewhere out there people aren't living
like you're living it's just you it's
just you I've got to leave you feeling a
certain way about your country why did
you do this as an article not a book
that's a good question
well I work for the Atlantic a lot of
people work video like everybody else
well you know the thing is this I
thought it would have much more
in fact first of all I mean I think that
the cover of the Atlantic and
specifically the company designed
actually I hate to say this but books
get ignored all the time yeah I mean the
cover space of the Atlantic it may be
you know in terms of you know the world
of ideas it may be the most valuable in
all the magazines you know which is not
to say other magazines that do great
articles with the Atlantic is one of the
last ones that really just puts its
ideas out front has a certain certain
heritage and cachet
so I mean you know for magazine I work
for uh just say yeah we should talk
about reparations that that's gonna
attract some attention you know so that
was the main reason and also you know I
adore my editors at the LA I just
absolutely absolutely adore them and I'm
after the lash in a really big piece I
did for them the only message I got back
was go out there go out there you know
as long as you can substantiate it go
out there find something for us find
something you know big some big idea so
what was on the other side of that
question um you run a blog yeah and
actually and I think it's like and I
actually mean that like sort of in the
old sense right like although less in
line every day is so funny
maybe I was writing but I had which is
the blogging used to kind of mean a kind
of writing right it was it had a voice
and it was in conversation with your
readers and a lot of people who began to
Swagger's myself included have kind of
like moved into these other places where
it's merged much more with other kinds
of writing works has more institutional
voice where it is kind of more about the
next article as opposed to the ongoing
conversation right and your blog I think
is arguably the best example like an
ongoing conversation with readers but
exists anywhere on the Internet and I'm
curious kind of the role that the blog
played in this piece because I think
that the sort of traditional view of
bloggers is that they can't even think
long and yet it felt to me like you know
you could see this piece coming together
week by week yeah on the blog I mean
there was a sense of recognition reading
it sort of understanding how all these
different things I'd read and these
different conversations you were
starting right we're sort of being woven
together into a whole ya know since I
since I started blogging in the in
January 2008 that's largely been true
it is a I'm innocent online you know
it's a blog is what it says it is it's a
you know a log you know on Ohio web of
you know my thinking that that's
interactive you know it played an
absolute a big role because first of all
you know like you just had this notebook
where you can just write okay so why can
I write this at his is what I'm taking
from her right but then I'm lucky enough
that I have like graduate student
graduate you know students and
historians and sociologists themselves
who would then write in know jump in the
comment section to say you know you
should check out this is I know you
thought this but you should really look
at this it was huge
whose absolutely absolutely huge the
book I mentioned at the top Burroughs
saddest family properties I'm pretty
sure somebody in the comment section
suggested that to me I know I didn't
stumble into that on my own um it's
gigantic if you want it to be you know I
don't really you know I know people say
that I don't understand how blogging
keeps you from writing long um if you
want to write along you're right oh you
know me as about I mean I understand how
if somebody said to you you got a you
know blog ten item today how that we
keep you from writing I understand that
you know how to churn can write but um
the other piece of that is people say
well the reward of having published
something will keep you from writing
nothing you know can you know equal to
what I got from publishing that that
reparations be there's nothing that's
gonna come close to that well I think
the other thing that I don't have people
think about this exactly but something I
think about Abed is that there is a I
think something that is true early on is
it a difference you had between people
who kind of emerged in the blogging
medium and who kind of emerged in
institutional spaces and journalism is
it there's a provision ality in blogging
it's okay if this isn't the final word
it's okay this may not even be the right
word you want it to be right but you
recognize you're kind of right in a
conversation and if you're writing sort
of in the first person if you're saying
I think or this is my reaction it leaves
a space for you to be wrong right that
publishing in a newspaper publishing it
magazine doesn't and one of the
interesting things is a sort of
transition right I mean that policy
codes personal blog something that you
are particularly I think very good at
doing and very committed to doing is
making clear kind of the person behind
the site making clear that you are
trying to learn that you are sometimes
wrong and then you move to this article
right and this article does not have
space for I does I may not be right this
right I'm just trying I'm trying to do a
better job being a journalist I mean
there's a difference in the way between
those two places that I think has it's
often but I think tough for writers to
navigate but you sort of navigate both I
think to the sort of the extreme
provisional side right and then also in
a space like this to the extreme
definitional right well you spend like a
year and a half you know just trying
stuff out practicing this yeah I think
and then eventually you start getting to
some conclusions you know no no this is
what it is you know um
but I think it's very very important to
have that other space I mean III that
article would look too icky I almost
can't imagine that Autocode out blogging
yeah um again a good deal of the sources
I got you know because I was writing
about it and the other thing is when
people don't realize this cuz you don't
tell them with articles about that
you're working on um
but our great many of the arguments yeah
I had already been tried out you know on
the blog you already debated this
already had this guy looked at you know
what was the strongest argument about
XYZ okay I looked at that thought about
that so very rarely I mean even in a
response to this pistas almost I think
almost nothing that's caught me
off-guard
and that's what I always worry about
like I'm always like okay well what
argument am I not am I missing here that
I need to answer I think a lot about
that it was the strongest possible I
even that can be made against it then I
write really hard to answer that you
know I don't um and journalist
unfortunately do this columnist do this
a lot where they take you know that the
weakest arguments right no I want the
person who is you know being the most
intellectually honest making the case
and then you try to go answer that so
there's though to pick up on that
there's an argument you kind of don't
answer an essay you kind of leave as a
big open space and that is the argument
that yeah everything you say is right
mm-hmm
that the legacy not just of slavery but
of lack of rule of law of housing
discrimination of discriminatory
policing of everything is real and it's
powerful it's had an effect but that
reparations are too politically hard
they would tear the country apart they
would lead to more racism not less it'd
lead to more anger not less they
it's impossible to kind of decide who
they would go to and you have I think a
very interesting way of dealing with
what you say there's a bill by
congressman Conyers it just would study
it why don't we just study it right but
if we passed that bill at some point we
would kind of get to that next step we
would um and I Karis what you think what
happened there because something I
noticed in the piece you had a great
piece on your blog after the article
came out about how you went from being
against reparations being formed and in
it you publish the email you sent your
editor proposing the piece and one thing
you say in there the proposed conclusion
in that initial email is I think there
might be a case for President Obama to
come out reparations and you say nope
actually I've come to differently though
the terrible acting but so if you think
that it would be such a bad idea for the
sort of leader of the country to do so
I'm care sort of well see it would not
be a bad idea to go to country to do it
it would be a bad idea for Barack
Hussein Obama to do it it can only get I
mean with is this all this date on how
he polarizes everything he can only
polarize this yeah you can all he can
only make it worse I mean it can't it if
he you know if they really that onion
article the night before the election
ever see that no no I think now is the
time to talk about reparations
hahahahaha if he you know everything
what is this some research eat they show
a picture the dog yeah it's Obama
sitting yeah you if you show people
Portuguese water poodles a stick any so
that's a good dog you show me people
with high levels of racial resentment
bill
Obama so bad right but so but you know
you you made this kind of choice to
leave a sort of ultimate question of
what okay we should talk about
reparations where what are we talking
about I'm curious a little bit about
your thinking behind that choice because
I think I'm you know I think people
think like I'm dodging or something no I
mean we really need a stamp senior site
you know I know how you you know looked
at yeah I think you would take a look at
some of the math me how with slavery
isn't and that sort of thing
the problem is we are just talking about
that yeah I mean how do you you know
okay so we take that and then you say
take like uh like like just the blanket
wave of terrorism
you know domestic home groans I just
washed over the country for about a
hundred years um you add to that say
like our ap story that I Lou to about
the land I was just straight take
yeah but we know we know that happened
to uh you you add into that the flaws in
the New Deal the housing aspect oh my
god and you start calculating what
african-americans missed out on housing
that has to be some us that is just some
ridiculous number okay but I think we
should know that number yes I think
first of all we should know what that
number is but then even after that even
if it's like okay we can't pay that back
maybe we should think about this in all
of our policy going forward to make this
perfectly concrete for you here's a way
I would think about this in a world in
which in an America in which you know
you could talk about reparations openly
and you know you wouldn't get this sort
of you know uh you know wouldn't be just
for explosive thing that that that it is
now we would talk about the affordable
care act and part of what we would talk
about is undoing past injustice to black
people and we would actually say that we
would say that you know we would say
listen this is you know something that's
going to help everybody but yes yes it
will disproportionately help black
people and that's a really really good
thing because in three hundred fifty
years you know we did you know we tried
to disadvantage black people so we
should do that we would talk about
policy you know in a very specific way
and I think liberals particularly right
now you know why we try to bury it we
try to do the other thing actually you
know we know they don't know
disproportionately help black people in
some way in the back of our minds we do
know that's a good thing but really want
to emphasize no no it'll help everybody
you know that might be like a flight of
fancy in terms of what is politically
possible right now um let me let me cite
one one others amplify answer I thought
you know in a world with people you know
not just a for reparations but
understand their history understand it
there's a debt to be paid understand a
debt was damage done with somebody but a
Supreme Court justice no less says
something like uh the way to end
discrimination on the basis of race is
to stop discriminating on the basis of
race anybody with any sort of knowledge
of that history would laugh it and this
is Chief Justice this Chief Justice
Roberts because what they would
understand right away is that America
has never discriminated I've said this
before but has never discriminated on
basis of race race was as we understand
it race was invented by racism and
America is always you know up until
fairly recently discriminated on the
basis of racism that's what we want to
undo that's what we want to undo and we
would understand that redlining would
not be a
shock-like we wouldn't be a shot we
wouldn't think that this ended in 1960 I
think it would have a profound effect on
our policy and people talk about
reparations in this way fences Charles
Ogletree you know who are brought
through on behalf of the race riots in
Oklahoma when I interviewed him that was
exactly actually how you talked about
robbery this thing was that this should
be part of a broader social justice
thing at the legacy of african-americans
should inform programs and policies that
we note we disproportionately help black
people but you know might help other
people who are not black to it's very
important to say that though I mean it's
not just you know you can't just know
that and I think as we all want to do
for political reasons understandable
political reasons I want to not you know
explicitly talk about the history and
who deceives to be talked about
so finder in understand what you're
saying let me try to echo it back to you
so there is a somewhat pervasive
rhetorical move among liberals where you
begin a conversation about affirmative
action right and it moves in really to a
conversation about class-based right it
should say what wasn't right as well
right this will help this will
disappoint you help African Americans
anyway might even do a better job right
and what you're saying actually isn't
that the problem is talking about
class-based affirmative action you're
saying that it might actually be the
right thing to have a class-based
affirmative action policy that you
justify on racial grounds so long as you
are actually talking about the intent of
the policy that the plan there's got to
be yeah I think part of like
specifically with the example of a first
we simply that part of the problem is
that um so there's the class-based piece
but the other piece of this is it
becomes a university which is the
absolute I mean look there's an argument
for diversity there's an argument for
class-based affirmative action and it
might be that class-based affirmative
action is ultimately the best way to
help African Americans right um but that
really isn't a moral argument against
anti-racist affirmative action
affirmative action specifically meant to
help black now as we know since Bakke
you haven't been able to make that
argument is part of the reason why
liberals make other arguments but um
akka being the supreme court yes yes yes
but you know the queasiness about that
goes back as I say in a piece it goes
back before that Lyndon Johnson's people
were queasy about this I mean how do we
say we know it has been
some sort of data crew how do we say
that was specifically gonna you know
deal with this that this is that we and
we know that african-americans are
suffering in a way to other people are
not how do we say that we've got to have
some level of policy that's going to be
specifically engineered to deal with
them and I suspect you know and this is
just me spit ball because I don't know
because we don't have HR forty but I
suspect that which you would have is
some you know confident combination some
sort of cocktail of remedies which would
be you know some of it would be probably
class-based some of it would be you know
specifically anti races throughout the
design directly to deal with African
mines probably would be you know some
sort of mix of things but that's why we
need a study you know it was not you
know in attempt to like avoid you know
something I mean we i spent sixteen
thousand words writing you know you know
making the case for why this should
happen right I would love to spend
another sixteen thousand telling you
what that might look like it would be my
honor to do that but what that would
entail would not be you know me just you
know writing you know spending a week
you know sort of doing the math and then
writing that out I mean I would want to
travel to that fences to other countries
and find you know okay
so can I find something analogous we
somebody has some sort of great
historical scent and they've had to deal
with it with the population still living
in that country what did they do how
successful was you know because what you
need to understand is are we at the you
know limits of human justice itself or
is this something that we just you know
haven't figured out um I think when
people see study and that's because you
know we get like reports like with
they're constantly reports that I never
acted on it never go anywhere but study
is more than you know at least in my
eyes you know it's more than just stuff
you know a few people sitting in a room
and then you know producing a briefing
paper I mean this is actually a deep
question about humanity a human justice
when you think about something like HR
forty or when you just think about
reparations in general I think one of
the interesting questions is are you
trying to target justice or are you
trying to park it some kind of outcome
and the answer obviously can be both but
it's relatively I think I want to say
easy but you can it's a matter of
arithmetic to say here's what the wealth
gap is right here's how much money we
would need to transfer to close a wealth
gap and we're going to use that as a
kind of a rough sort of calculation of
what it is right and then it's kind of
another to say here's what is owed
here is what is owed in a kind of moral
debt right in this country right because
of what we've done right and I feel like
a study might be able to answer the
first question right a study can
probably based on a certain set of
parameters like help you target outcomes
right I kind of am skeptical as much as
I'm like a technocratic right a study
being able I mean I've read a lot of
studies on this and your article is a
lot more powerful right and it's because
I feel like the line would just studies
and frankly the the tools they have
right I don't know how you but what
difficulty I think again know like if we
thought and I'd like to read the study
but I said well first of all what you
make obviously nothing can answer for
the moralia nothing can make that right
let's just let's so stipulate that when
Germany paid reparations it didn't make
it right right you know it was and
people fear that but it most certainly
didn't and I don't think anybody thinks
that that that it made it right expected
on some level we have like a you know a
dialogue that we can have about like
what social programs or what whatever
what we might do to close the wealth gap
but I think what you're alluding to is
on the profound injury in terms of
morality in terms of the state as a
whole does it have to just be programs I
mean are we talking about what our
museums look like for instance are we
talking about for this is what our
curriculum should look like right you
know I know we don't have a national
crowby I mean when we get in close right
we get with this Common Core but what
you know what students should learn you
know what should be you know what are
their specific days they should be set
aside for certain things all the common
core new people out there excited you
just associated pending reparations
right happy very happy right they're
very happy doing that um yeah
reparations curriculum comes but it
doesn't just have to be limited to
social programs you know it really
really does it a world in which we would
have reparations is a very very
different America yeah it's a very very
different America is a different America
than one we live in right now but
sometimes sometimes talking about that
different world is the way you get to
that different world you know I mean
think I always thought listen 1860
anybody who was calling for the mass
abolition of all black people who were
enslaved in the South was considered
crazy I mean I wasn't even Abraham
Lincoln's position it wasn't the
Republican Party this was the party
ostensible
it was not in position at all people you
know also should be you know immediately
liberated it was Frederick Douglass's
position you know uh and when he was
advocating it it seemed you know uh
totally and completely unlikely um did
that mean that he then therefore
shouldn't say it you know I mean I
that's really and I think like this is
actually a question for um
pundants intellectuals writers people
who have the public space ok because I
think often we confuse ourselves with
like Senate aides maybe because often is
an overlap you know so what you end up
talking about is what could possibly get
past you know make it you know pass a
60-vote you know a pastor Phillip Brenda
and that becomes like the the you know
paradigm for all we talk about what are
our politics like right now let's talk
within that narrow space and that's
probably because you know writers
intellectuals pundits analyst they want
to have impact you know I mean they want
to have you know you want to be I wrote
this and then this happen you know
that's that's what you hope to happen
but what happened to imagination you
know I mean I think that's actually an
important one not not the world we live
in now but the world we hope to live and
I think people need to write
compellingly about that you know um I
and I have a friend you know whose name
who shall go and mention mutual friend
I'll tell you once well camera um who
keeps saying he wants to write this
piece arguing that private school in
America should be abolished would love
to read that piece I'm not even sure I
agree with him but it's so far out you
know what I mean and you know as he made
the case it was you know interrogating
so many things I was on a school told my
son that dad's probably why so on the
brain at a private school and it was
just more religious outrageous
I'm offensive but we have to say things
that are that way way out you know I
mean that may be correct and impossible
also I don't think we're improved by
just sort of living right here you know
within the confines of what our politics
are right now but one of the point you
make about being a Senate aid um and I'm
a guy who like is basically build my
career I'm writing what can another
filibuster so I wrote it it seems to me
that what are you able to do that but
everybody shouldn't do but but this is
what I think it's interesting about sort
of the path you've taken like I'd say
like over the last year mm-hmm like a
theme in your work in your blog over the
last year has been
a real lurch towards history and and the
sort of historians way of knowing right
right that you really I think had some
some fairly impatient I think um debates
or discriminated that you've got in what
they've said more depressed you've got a
more fatalistic and it you know I think
that you have political journals right
which is like the place where people who
end up commenting on politics and to
come from
they have modes of knowing we I have
modes of knowing right right call Sena
dates right and I read books by people
involved in the political process and I
feel like your work has gotten bigger
and more radical the more you've moved
away from that yeah that's that's true
that's true and just to be clear you
know I'm I'm not arguing against calling
Senate he's absolutely not making
America worse I get it no no no no no
that that needs to happen and other
things need to happen to you know um I
think one of the things that has sort of
amazed me is um if I you know assembled
a panel of you know political scientists
economists sociologists historians and
you know people have done this have you
know I've been lucky enough to travel
around and people have done this for me
we you've gotten into a room what that
conversation sounds like what the
conversation sounds like when I talk to
people who write you know for magazines
or publications or websites its holy
holy different now it's at it amazes me
you know and I haven't quite been able
to put my finger on why you know uh but
if folks think what I am saying is
depressing I mean I I don't like I don't
like I dropped out of school so I have a
hard time understanding this because the
people who are teaching you know the
next generation of people gonna be doing
this writing I just I don't know they
they lay it all out there I'm struggling
because I don't want to call them
fatalistic cuz I don't think they are
you know I think what they do have I
think what they do have I think what
academics generally have is a realistic
view of humanity um listen I'm an
American that is an unusual sentence you
just gave there what did I forget if you
do have as a realistic view member in
that in their writing maybe not in their
politics you know within the departments
but but
do ever but the but I agree this but
they have a perspective yes they do it
right they they are forced to have a
perspective
right right it is bigger than they are
and bigger than their intuition right
right right I mean you can't like a be a
historian of any respect and no and
right you know the adventures of flag
and ribbon you just can't you can't do
that you may you know be American you
may be very happy to be American may be
very proud of America you know win want
to live anywhere else but at the end of
the day you you have to view your
country you know as a state within world
history
I mean that's that's the way you you had
Disney and there's no room for like
religion or theology or myth
really in that you know you can't in
fact you know you got to kind of reject
that you got to get that out of your
head and try to take some sort of you
know objective and this is like why I
keep hammering this point if you take a
view of african-american history and I
think I say this in the piece you know
you say okay what is the relationship
the American state to the
african-american community across the
broad swath of time I mean what are you
gonna say no no I mean you you can't you
know you're not gonna say hey everything
is great and I'm gonna go so far as to
say you can't even say things were bad
before and they're getting better now
because we've had about 50 years of just
kinda getting better nothing is a sure
no one knows no one knows what we hope
that you don't continue to get better
that's what we hope that's what you hope
and if that happens that'll be great
you know um but as it stands now I mean
you you you you have to just take a
realistic sense of where we are you know
you just can't you can't be afraid to
say that at a history professor in
college who had what he called the 9090
90 role mm-hm and he said that 90% of
Americans forget 90% of what's happened
within 90 days and he he compared it to
World War one where they got into a
world war mm-hmm based on grievances
like from hundreds of years
mm-hmm-hmm but he said that um that at
times that's been a great advantage of
this country because it can forget so
fast they can renew itself fair and
Randle mmm-hmm
but that but if you widen that aperture
way right if you stopped forgetting so
quickly right things look a whole lot
different right I mean that did to
circle back to where we began you know
the man who begins your piece is alive
and terrible things happen is that's
right terrible things happen that we're
like not done by a distant right pass
not done by people who have a sepia tone
in photographs I know photographs at all
right and you know one of the reasons I
think that you this good line in there
that you know there's a kind of a
laughter that masks a fear we've been
talking about this that it's just it's
so much easier to forget right well I
think you know just a minute though as
well I I think we we do remember I think
we remember the things that fly to us
very no it's fur nobodies don't forget
George Washington you know well if they
forget a lot of it well yes yes you're
exactly right they do forget a lot of
him but they remember the part that
flatters them so that's totally right we
remember the part of flight as ourselves
yeah again on some level like this
becomes like existential questions you
know can a stay
create the kind of memory that say a
mother has of a child you know our
brother has of a sister
where you love somebody right mm-hmm but
you don't think that they're perfect but
you would you know you would leap in
front of a truck for him not
nevertheless you know Kenneth state have
that kind of patriotism can't can that
kind of love for country actually exists
or is the only kind of level country
where no no we're the best we're better
than everybody else and you know we've
never done anything wrong and if we did
do anything wrong you know our you know
everything about our goods so clearly
our our badge that we don't even really
need to talk about it you know um it's
really interesting to hear you bring up
this concept of memory or because in a
way I feel like this is what the piece
is about but one of the things you leave
is sort of there's an accounting about
reparations that is the work of the sort
of possible study committee but that one
of the things that no matter what form
it ultimately took it would be one of
the things that the reparations would be
would be kind of a restoration of this
memory not just this kind of idea that
there's slavery and then we fought it
and we this great national cleansing and
then went over but that sort of that
there would be a recognition of kind of
what the history here actually was and
that would be part of the package
actually right right right and you know
this isn't as depressing as people think
you know because you know within I'm
reading this I I just finished Ron
Charles book of watch and that's why use
on my brain
and I'm now reading our Henry wine sex
book which is just about Washington it
and slavery and um as bad as things
are you you you see these glance of
individual nobility you know I mean when
people recognize this is horrible I'm
gonna try really really hard to do the
right thing here you know and sometimes
I succeed very often they don't um but
those are the moments that you know even
me you know all the way out here with my
radicalism you know you you you you come
to some greater understanding you know
about America I think you know like you
take like Abraham Lincoln's uh second
and our gold address yeah I just it's
not just you know a sort of profound you
know statement you know on the country
but it's just a profound statement on
freedom period Perry I mean they're all
of these moments like this through
American history um when you talk about
something like the civil war okay on
some level you're talking about you know
at the end biting into a car you're
talking about you know liberation and
enslavement right but you're also
talking about at that point in history
one of the few functioning quote-unquote
even theoretical democracies in the
world then that continue or not can I
continue I mean and it did you know
there's something to be said there I
guess what I'm saying is you don't at
the end of you know all of this
accounting you don't have to hang your
head and is the other thing other states
have to do their thing to reg is not
like you know uniquely evil with some
you know what I mean is not like you
know what is I spent a great deal of my
time talking about the force of white
supremacy and racism in America but if I
were in France you know
well actually I guarantee you just
looking around I could find something
near to you know this is just true
societies period and I think you know if
we can sort of accept that about
ourselves accept our own humanity you
know and accepted that that that's okay
and also can I just get away from this
this sense of individual guilt
so when I talk about reparations I am
talking about America as a country as a
state as a society I am NOT talking
about white people and that's you know I
got to be really clear and we understand
you know that the state you know acted
you know to benefit white people but
ultimately you know the whole society
has to come to some sort of accounting
you know when we're talking about red
line we're talking about things that the
American government did so you know like
the county you get is well what's
specific why people are going to pay I
didn't know you know you're part of a
society you're part of the state and the
state outlives you you know what I mean
when you die to state continues you
the state you know has no natural and
you benefit from the things that the
people before you did yes you do
yes you do yes she doing there people
around were being hurt by it and so if
we can get to that level you know I
think you know and I say this and if
he's I think we actually will be much
improved beyond reparations um and just
to add on it outside you got me carried
away here the other thing I think about
this is it's like um if we can't deal
with this and I did actually a question
for you how we gonna deal with climate
change it seems to me that the problems
are very very similar like getting
people to face up to something that is
not immediately in their interests you
know like how do you how do you how do
you get people to do that do you build
the society that does that do you
actually want my answer on that yes I
would I would love you I don't think we
are hmm
well I think that climate change is an
issue that now you're a pessimist yeah
oh I'm a realist here in 2008 John
McCain and Sarah Palin had a
cap-and-trade bill in their platform
Sarah Palin was running on a national
ticket right in favor of cap-and-trade
right her first major statement after
that election was a Washington Post
op-ed um I forgot what cabin tax or
something you know using some sort of
Sarah Palin ISM to distance herself from
N um John McCain was the first to
introduce a cap-and-trade bill and his
Senate a couple of years ago this debate
seemed real tractable mm-hmm and a
couple years later it seems almost
impossible now you cannot you can take a
bow optimistic view you can say that'll
flip quick right but I'm a structuralist
about American politics I don't I think
very little about individuals in it and
what they want and what they mean and
much more about the big thing and in
that issue I see a problem that the
worst effects won't happen for a long
time yeah it the worst effects will
happen in countries that are not us yeah
that the both the cost end of the
problem end of the solution would be
highly regionally dispersed and an
effective solution require a level of
global cooperation there's almost no
precedent for mmm and it's like if you
wanted to design if you wanted to create
if you wanted to weaponize it
shoo such that both the American
political system in assembly the
International and couldn't deal with it
that is a that is how you would make it
right and that most of the serious
solutions to it in some form or another
basically attacks mm-hmm which is
something we have weird quasi religious
feelings about in American politics
I would not be pessimistic if climate
change were an issue like the budget or
even like health care where you can let
it fester for a long time all right then
you can flip the switch right and you
can cause a lot of damage but you can
you know you can fix it right but once
you get 600 parts per million of carbon
particles in there you're done right and
so I just don't think we're gonna get
there in time we just got barely a not
quite universal health care bill under
roughly a hundred years of trying it I'm
trying so so can I just have this
confident but I think it's very
important people to talk like that I I
just do you know I think um we have a
tendency in this country for whatever
reason and maybe in all countries to
think that you know well I think in this
country oxy oh it's gonna we we went in
here we went into you yeah what have we
done until we don't you know and I think
like we need to have the possibility in
front of us that we don't you know and I
think you know just to you know switch
this back you know cuz I think about
these things together all the time um we
need to face the possibility that you
know until the end of this country um
black people might never be equal that's
impossible
I mean that could happen you know I
think you know we see you know Jackie
Robinson nineteen sixties you know
Voting Rights Act Obama clearly would
you know progressing towards a place
when is going to be a quadrant maybe not
maybe not something that you actually
heard about just this week it was the
way this article and this perspective of
yours is kind of more realist
perspective let's burn it um stands on
the shoulders of the Academy yes and
stands on the shoulders to what would be
kind of a reading list here what are
what are some of the things that if
people cared about this and were touched
by this and wanted to sort of understand
follow some of the intellectual path
you've walked what would you wear would
you tell them to go so it'd be uh yeah
dance electro godmother this piece is
isabel wilkerson zinc
credible book I the one with the other
side it isn't incredible yeah no
justjust just epic I mean just yeah it's
just you can't say enough you know about
about about Isabel Lucas's work
professor Wilkinson is reversing one of
the sort of commonly held views on the
great migration denies that you have a
flooded people from the south through
came appear who were totally unprepared
for city life and that explains a lot
about what happened in our northern
cities you know in through you know
painstaking you know meticulous work
like looking at actual sociology Rosa
she proves that in many cases these
folks were better educated in the black
communities that were already in some if
you educate a few cases they were better
educated in the white immigrant you know
communicate communities that were there
very often they actually came from
cities and not you know straight like
plantation in Chicago the story that you
always hear in many cases you know these
these were people who are married you
people who did find work these were
people who did you know were
church-going basically doing everything
that you know uh America says that
people should do you know how were they
then rewarded and that was like you know
that's a question that she you know an
answer that she you know lays out
throughout the book and what you see I
mean I finished it was you know a kind
of almost effort to ensure there was no
successful black middle class I hate to
speak in those terms but it's very hard
to avoid that conclusion when you see
people you know working their butt off
and you see the kind of avoids they got
so that that's that's a really important
borough saddest book um family
properties you know is extremely
extremely important history of redlining
and housing in general in Chicago with
with focus on North Lawn down to focus
on the contract buying system uh Kenneth
Jackson's crabgrass frontier
absolutely absolutely essential it's
ostensibly another one of these books
that's ostensibly history of the suburbs
in America but actually ends up having a
lot to do with race white supremacy and
redlining inevitably it has to get to
that auto Hersh's book uh the second I'm
making the second ghetto all about
Chicago and just a great great pattern
of some of the most unwanted probably
one of the most forgotten waves of
terrorism in American history and that
is the housing riots against people in
Chicago and again you know how black
people were greeted as they went into
these neighborhoods just absolutely
absolutely essential and then
engaging in some of the broader
questions you know about justice and
that sort of thing I think Tony Jets
book post-war history of Europe after
after World War Two you know it's very
very much obsessed with this question of
forgetting and what we remember we don't
in fact a jet kinda argues that it's
good this society's forget I think that
that was an absolutely huge 1 Timothy
Snyder's blood lands another one you
know just really obsessed with memory
and what happens when you have just a
whore rent horrendous horrendous you
know atrocities and how countries you
know you know deal with that and process
that the memory and the last one that I
would recommend it's IRA Katznelson I
fear itself which you are very familiar
with history of New Deal politics in
America professor Katz Nelson really you
know between that book and his other
book when affirmative action was white
did a lot of work in terms of just
educating me on how the New Deal was
passed and you know what what what what
it left open also I would recommend
Robert Samson's great great American
city and our Patrick Sharkey stuck in
place and I would recommend them in
tandem because these are two
sociologists who kind of come out of the
William Julius Wilson
you know school of sociology and that is
that we have to understand neighborhoods
that even you know traditionally when
people talk about race which we will try
to do is will say okay let's look at
black people with this income white
people this income see what the outcomes
are and try to figure out what's going
on here even wealth well that's another
one let's look at you know wealth black
black family with X wealth white family
why why are we getting different
outcomes and what uh Samson and Sharkey
and both of these works show is that no
no think about neighborhood think about
the neighborhoods that these people
don't think about them because if you
think about how people actually function
a function as communities who you know
who you see you know you you know which
are daily you know interactions are and
that I mean is uh that that that way
he's really mean you talk about
pessimism you want to be that will make
you very very pessimistic Sharkey shows
presence in his work the income gap is
really not changed at all
where african-american families live
regardless of income regardless of
income as compared to where white
families live and I'm talking about what
the income tends to be around them is
ridiculous I'm a offense as a black
family don't average
I think his numbers black family on
average bringing in about $100,000 a
year
tends to live in the same neighborhood
that a white family making about $30,000
lives in terms of the quality of the
neighborhood I mean these present like
serious serious challenges to where we
are Sampson looks at on all of the
neighborhoods in Chicago and produces
this stunning graph of like the rates of
incarceration and on one side you know
you can see like just a line like this
and on one side you can see all of the
white neighborhoods on the other side
you see all of the black neighborhoods
way up here I mean even the black
neighborhood with the lowest
incarceration rate has some you know
degree you know number some ridiculous
number times the rate of the highest
incarcerated white neighborhood these I
mean you know our books make you know
just a really really powerful argument
taken together for the regrettable
persistence of racism you know in our in
our in our country they were he sent you
to me
