here's something most people don't know
about marijuana officially the US
federal government classifies it as a
Schedule one drug that is the strictest
classification they have period full
stop
that means the government thinks
marijuana is more dangerous than
scheduled two drugs like cocaine or meth
it means they think marijuana is on the
same plane as heroin about 3,000 people
died from heroin overdoses in 2010 you
know how many people died directly from
overdosing on marijuana zero and I don't
mean zero in 2010 I mean zero in
basically recorded human history which
isn't to say smoking hay bales worth of
pot is a good idea it's not but notice
what I did there you hear that all the
time that's what we in the media
business called the to be sure paragraph
it's the paragraph where we cover our
assets almost everyone says that even
the people who think legalizing
marijuana is a great idea
don't say it's a good thing the argument
for legalizing pot isn't that pot is
good whether the war on pot is bad but
there is a way in which legal pot could
be a huge public health win I mean one
of the biggest public health wins we've
had in decades saving huge numbers of
lives let's go back to that drug
schedule there is one drug you won't see
on there even though it is a hell of a
lot more dangerous and pot or even
cocaine it's alcohol the thing about
alcohol is it's really bad lethally bad
for you I don't want to be hypocrite
here I enjoy a drink but the evidence on
this you cannot run away from the
Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention say there are 80,000 deaths
each year Tribute able to alcohol about
25,000 of them are just direct overdoses
the numbers here really amazing a
Columbia University study found that
being drunk increases a risk of a fatal
accident 13-fold pot by contrast
increases risk us and twofold then
there's all the other nasty stuff
alcohol leads to it's a big contributor
to violence to crime to addiction it
breaks up families whose people cancer
is liver failure people forget this but
prohibition we want to fit it now but it
was happening for a reason people drank
more than and it was a scourge so this
is a question of legal pot would people
use it as a replacement or complement
all if it's a replacement it's a huge
deal marijuana is a lot safer to use in
alcohol people don't die from it they
rarely kill others well on it more
marijuana and less alcohol means fewer
deaths from intoxication here drunk
driving fatalities less crime less
violence but if marijuana complements
alcohol rather than replacing it then
it's a problem if it makes people for
whatever reason drink more and
legalizing pot might actually make our
alcohol Hogwarts now I'm going to say
something that kind of sucks so we
actually don't know the answer here
there is encouraging early evidence in a
survey of Canadian medical marijuana
users 41% said they replace alcohol
marijuana another survey California
medical marijuana users from the
dressing the national average but those
are medical marijuana users they might
be different than the general population
people using marijuana for fun might
have a very different relationship
alcohol than people using their wonted
because it's sick but this isn't just
something we can study it's something we
can affect that we can change since we
know a lot of people want to use some
kind of mind-altering substance we could
arrange public policy to push them
towards a safer one right now you can't
because the federal government against
all of the evidence thinks marijuana is
an incredibly insanely dangerous
substance with absolutely no redeeming
value under any circumstance what are
they smoking
you
