the weird thing that happened when Air
Canada lost his primary is that the
House Republicans replaced Eric Cantor
with basically the other Eric Cantor his
name is Kevin McCarthy he was the number
three to Eric Cantor's number two and he
was Eric Cantor's choice to succeed him
so you have this moment where Eric
Cantor loses in a primary because
Republican voters in his district reject
him and then just gets replaced by a guy
who is like exactly the same but Kevin
McCarthy wanted to show he had heard the
dissatisfaction of the Republicans who
outed Cantor and so what he did was he
came out against something called the
export-import bank
I think Exim Bank is one that something
government does not have to be involved
in the export-import bank is an
eighty-year-old program that subsidizes
foreign buyers of American exports so an
Indian airline gets loan guarantees to
buy Boeing's airplanes it usually passes
with no problem but right now and this
is where it gets interesting the
export-import bank has become the
proving ground for a movement inside the
Republican Party called the Servat of
reform and what they want to do is they
think that recent Republican presidents
when Republicans get a chance to govern
they are not sufficiently conservative
they accept the basic structure of the
Democratic welfare state what they don't
do is build a new conservative state in
its place so what the conservative
reformers are arguing is that if
concerns are actually going to change
the government they're actually going to
make it smaller and more free market
oriented then Republicans need to learn
how to fight big business and the
export-import bank is the first place
you're really seeing them get
Republicans to fight big business it is
supported by the Chamber of Commerce
it's supported by the National
Manufacturers Association it's supported
by all the big business trade groups you
normally think Republicans as it being
very very close to but in this case
they're beginning to lose the support of
key Republicans they've lost Kevin
McCarthy now they lost Paul Ryan they've
lost jeb Hensarling Rand Paul is an
opponent of the export-import bank this
is like for conservative reformers what
the Keystone XL pipeline is like for
climate justice movement it doesn't
solve their problem on its own but it's
a win and you build movements off of
wins for the first time it looks like
the performers might be able to actually
change how Republicans vote on an
important matter of policy so this is a
fight worth watching not because the
export-import bank itself is such a big
deal there are good arguments on both
sides of that but if it is flat if it is
allowed to expire and we're actually
looking at potentially a different
Republican Party we're looking at a
movement that began as an intellectual
idea become a real political force and
we're looking at the possibility the
next Republican president might govern
very differently than the last couple
