so at the beginning of the year
Republicans shut down the government and
they became more unpopular than the
party had been at any time in its
history
Obamacare rolled out it had a very rough
implementation but it ultimately came to
the other side to sign up more than
eight million people and you think I
think from afar with those two things
happening that that would put by the end
Democrats in a pretty good position but
certainly conventional wisdom in
Washington is that you're going into the
election in rough shape so why in the
air where there is a reasonably large
policy success do things seem rough
going into the midterms well the fact is
is the Republicans went way down in the
polls with the shutdown of government we
are they're opposed to governance
they're anti governance they're anti
science they're anti Obama they're a
triple threat I have a trifecta going
and they act upon their beliefs they
don't believe in any of those things and
so everything is to obstruct the
president everything that is
evidence-based is unimportant to them
and again to shut down government anti
governance was a victory they saw that
as a plus they didn't see that as a
shortcoming they celebrated that so the
public made its reaction to it but one
evidence of governance would be how we
rolled out the Affordable Care Act it is
intact it's beautiful it is with
everything it's a work in progress we
need to improve it
but the website didn't work and now it's
well and and we go forward but again it
was a setback so we're in a place now
where I think in another month or so the
public will really look up and say
what's the difference between these two
parties and when they do that the main
blueprint for each party is the budget
and that's where we'll have the debate I
saw a number this week that anti
Obamacare ad spending on anti Obamacare
ads is out running spending on pro bono
care ads by 15 times are Democrats going
to make up that gap are they going to
on Obamacare this year well first of all
it is called the Affordable Care Act and
that word affordable is the word that we
want the public to understand the
Affordable Care Act for like four
hundred and twenty five million dollars
were spent on ads against the Affordable
Care Act twenty seven million dollars
were spent on ads supporting the
Affordable Care Act that's just
ridiculous you know it's more than it's
really an incredible difference but
we're not as I said we're not running on
or from of the Affordable Care Act we're
very proud of it it's about wellness
it's about prevention it's about
technology taking innovation taking us
forward it's about valve unit volume of
procedures and and people really don't
know that and I think part of that it
accrues to us for not having an
initiative that inoculated the public
against some of these false attacks that
the Republicans were making on it so I
think it turns out to be a wash I think
that's one of the reasons the
Republicans have talked about Benghazi
again they're going to come back to
Benghazi because the Affordable Care Act
has lost some of its weight in terms of
being a political issue for them but the
way you put that was interesting so you
said Democrats are not going to run on
or away from it so it's not going to be
it's not something you feel as a
political liability but nor is it going
to be core to the Democratic sort of
affirmative messaging you don't think
that the signups arness electoral plus I
think they are a plus and members will
make a judgement about their own
districts about it being a plus I think
the Democrats will run on saying that
the Affordable Care Act is a is really
important for America's families and
that we stand ready to improve it as we
see how it is implemented
I think that's a really important
message not to let it be repealed or
retained but to have the Affordable Care
Act
and improve upon it I have some of my
own suggestions that I couldn't get
through on the first round so I like
that message how would you like to see
it improved well of course I want a
single-payer and I want your public
option but that that not being in the
mix you have to prioritize what it is
you want to get over the finish line and
now let's refine and improve and some of
that relates to how it is implemented so
you see how it is implemented
the US Congress doesn't seem to be
getting a tremendous amount done but it
also seems to be engaging in less
somewhat disastrous high-stakes
brinksmanship there is not talk of
shutdowns anymore the debt ceiling gets
raised without too much debate or
discussion are things running at least
at the basic level of keeping the
government's lights on more smoothly in
Congress now no I don't think so first
of all it's important to note that when
we lifted the the debt ceiling not 199
Republicans voted to default on the Full
Faith and Credit of the United States of
America that's who we're serving with
199 people who would default when they
shut down government and then opened it
again over 60% of the Republicans voted
to keep it shut down so you know there
is a conversation with the American
people that has to be had and it doesn't
say nothing means we're getting along
better
it means opportunity cost opportunities
lost we should be passing an immigration
bill the Senate has done so in a
bipartisan way the public supports it we
should be raising the minimum wage so
many things that we should be doing that
we're not doing and and that should not
be considered a plus in the 2012
election House Democrats won and you can
you'll notice number better than I do
about 1.5 million more votes in a
popular vote than Republicans did and it
wasn't enough to capture the chamber
have you guys done the math on what it
what the margin would have to be to
capture the chamber well this is a
completely different race because that
was a presidential and so the numbers we
had a million and a half more votes but
that did not
up to a majority because they were not
run all the right places because we it's
like saying the World Series they got
more runs than you did well you didn't
get them in the game different things so
what we do know is that we have to
increase the turnout in the off year
which is traditionally goes down
considerably from the presidential but
again a campaign is not just about
winning or losing the election that's
certainly an important part of it it's
about winning or losing on the ideas
President Lincoln said that public
sentiment is everything and so what we
want to do is have public sentiment
express itself because we know the polls
tell us where they are on raising the
minimum wage unemployment insurance the
education of our children
all of those issues but it does not
necessarily transfer into votes unless
they know the difference between the two
parties on those subjects and so from
all of our Em's from our messaging from
our mobilization at the grassroots level
which is to pent fueled by messaging and
the money to make it all happen on all
of those scores we are way ahead of
where we thought we would be at this
time the most important part of it all
are the candidates and the candidates
are superb they're excellent you
mentioned a moment ago the money in the
race and there's a fascinating tension
here I think for for Democrats like you
you've been pushing very hard on
campaign finance reform Democrats have
said our House Democrats have said that
there should be revisiting even how the
Constitution deals with money in
politics on the other hand you need a
lot of money you need to do a lot of
fundraising to remain competitive you
can't have the Republicans have super
PACs and you have not and on how do you
navigate that tension how can you sort
of simultaneously before aggressive
campaign finance reform by participating
in a system that is sosa fused with cash
well the equities that you have to weigh
our first and foremost recognizing that
our founders sacrificed everything their
lives their liberty their sacred honor
for a democracy a government of the many
not a government of the money and that's
what this could become
now that's one equity the court has
wrongly and my view decided that they
could take off all these limits and have
undisclosed secret special interest
money flow into elections we have to
fight that the only way we can fight it
and win it in order to change the law
and even maybe have a constitutional
amendment to overturn citizens united is
to raise money to do it question is what
money is that money I raise I'm probably
right up there with the biggest
fundraisers in the country I know about
raising money it's a very idealistic
group of people from around the country
who really do want to see the role of
money reduced in politics and it is a
motivator for them to participate there
they're about the air we breathe the
water we drink the safety of our food
they're there for the people's interest
not the special interest but surely some
of them want something some of the
industries and some of the lobbyists I
mean that donate to Democrats want
things well I think maybe some of those
people give to both sides but that's not
where I spend my time I start about my
time and say it probably not 10% of what
we raise
comes from any Washington lobbyist
community and I say that because that
includes a lot of our friends and who
are here about the environment or here
about workers rights labor environmental
and all the rest are included in in that
number but many people who share their
views support us but it isn't but that's
a small percentage of what we raise and
I don't disassociate myself from it I
just say you would be surprised
obviously to know that our small donor
base is huge idealistic pragmatic to
about winning and generous in small
donations and that's the biggest part of
our fundraising there's definitely more
money in Paul
than there was in previous decades but
compared to when you came to Congress do
you think money is more capable of
buying votes in Congress oh I don't
think it's a question of buying votes I
think it's a question of electing people
who share your view or not and if you
know one of the reasons that it's hard
to get some things passed here is
because there are people who share the
view of their donors who have a special
interest view of the world and a view of
governance
you know there's what is the role of
government is it to protect our air our
water our food safety and all those
things they don't believe that I've
always thought that whatever the role of
money is in even and I don't subscribe
to what the Supreme Court says it's only
if it produces corruption does it matter
let's pick some of what they've said I'm
not saying that people who accept money
they may share their views and that's a
legitimate place for them to be I don't
think it's right for our country but
that's the debate we have but I do think
it tremendously negatively impacts the
confidence that the American people have
in government produces the cynicism of
skepticism about what difference does it
make whether I vote or not because my
voice is a very small one compared to
this big money voice I think that is
more undermining to our democracy more
wrong and made that Supreme Court those
Supreme Court decisions McCutcheon and
Citizens United really in my view
dangerous to our democracy you mentioned
a moment ago the u.s. is progression in
its economy and actually made me think
the big article people are talking about
right now is pond hockey coach this
piece on reparations in the Atlantic as
curious if you read it no I haven't seen
it yet one of the things the article
goes through it at some length is HR 40
which is congressman Congress Mill about
doing a study on reparations I'm curious
you ever looked at it well I think that
the value of mr. Conyers legislation is
that I think that it's really important
for us to have a renewed examination of
conscience in terms of what happened in
our country frankly I mean I
at tremble at the thought that slaver
existed in this the greatest country
that ever existed but what stuns me more
than anything is that some of the
horrors of discrimination that existed
in my lifetime not yours but my lifetime
if they're in civil rights movement and
the rest of that that people would
unleash dogs and clubs and all the rest
that would keep people from library
reserves schools or whatever it is we
considered ourselves to be in a more
enlightened time I would have thought
well that was actually that's why I was
fascinated by this bit about sort of
Congress's ability to at least begin
asking questions around this because I
agree what's incredible about it is a
compression of the time period
it wasn't 300 years ago or 200 years ago
or even 100 years ago we were setting
dogs loose on the streets on African
American children and yet when you talk
about things like a um even a billet
alike study the question of whether or
not there's there's recompense that's
needed it is an hour made to the for the
house and it's I think considered
basically like a ridiculous marginal
idea in a lot of circles anyway well the
I think the purpose of what you have to
speak to in but mr. Conyers this bill is
one that wants to provoke the discussion
the and a good deal of discussion has to
be had before you can bring something to
the floor of that consequence and so I
look forward to reading that article to
see how it frames it all now but I
always talk to this building that we
work in capital here when a Lincoln was
inaugurated the second time it was the
first time that African Americans blacks
whatever they would call them Negroes I
guess were able to come to an
inauguration as a class of people as
free people and then whether it was
terrible during that time it was raining
and it was off and it was on that and so
they didn't know whether it would be
inside or out
it ended up outside with the Sun coming
out for a moment there but in the days
leading up to it
streets were mud of course they were
largely mud anyway they weren't paved
but with the rain they were mud in the
sir so the white okay the white folk who
came to inauguration came in their foul
weather gear the blacks came in their
Sunday finest first time that they would
be an inauguration as a free people and
that's really how they have presented
themselves everything ever since and
their Sunday finery whether it's their
finery of their voices and turns up
speaking out on issues and making our
country a fairer place more American or
the the value of their leadership in
this building and I sometimes think when
I walk through the halls how those
people that day would be so proud of our
Congressional Black Caucus who the
conscience of the Congress who serve and
speak here when they were coming the
first time to a Presidential Inaugural
history people on a somewhat related
note of 50 some senators put out a
letter this week saying that Dan Snyder
said to lettuce saying he should change
the name of Redskins I'm curious if
you've given that any thought oh I've
called for them changing the name and in
fact I mentioned that their laws in
terms of copyright and the rest and
trademark which government that you
cannot use terms that are deemed to be
shall we say slur slurs and your title
so I think that's something that we
should look at you know I'm glad that
the Senators row thought was actually 49
wrote one letter in one word another
letter but some others support it but
having written the letter yeah but
whatever it is but it's a strong that's
a strong voice what can Congress do
about the gender wage gap we're very
excited because on the steps of the
Capitol last July on this 160 fifth
anniversary of the declaration of
sentiments that said when all men and
women are created equal in Seneca
New York on that day on the steps we
announced our initiative when women
succeed America succeeds
we had passed the first half of the year
listening to women across the country
about what were the priorities to
unleash the power of women in the
economy this was just workplace and that
was about equal pay raising minimum wage
because 60% of minimum wage more than
60% of minimum wage earners are women it
was about paid sick leave which benefits
men and women it's about families the
greatest country that ever existed I
keep saying that in the history of the
world
you shouldn't have to to put your child
on a bus sick to go to school because
you can't stay home for work or be
docked from pay or fired and you have no
financial ability to have childcare and
you have no picks paid sick leave so
that shouldn't be the case and that's
very popular as well and then children
learning parents earning the missing
link in the women getting the right to
vote women in the workplace women higher
education women making their own choices
of being at home or at work but needing
a little children needing early
childhood education regardless of what
their moms are doing and this was really
the thrust of it a three-legged stool of
women's economic success our title when
women succeed America succeeds is their
title for economic agenda for women and
their families but it's also a statement
of fact when women succeed America
that's succeed what is your position
right now on the ongoing scandal in the
Veterans Health Administration what do
you think we know about it what do you
think should be done about it
well I think anytime that our men and
women in uniform are not served in the
manner at which they deserve you could
perhaps call it a scandal because it's
scandalous that they're not whether it
is a scandal with intention and the rest
that the evidence remains to be seen but
the fact is that that they haven't been
served worthy of their sacrifice or
their role in our country this issue
when I became leader I made this and now
I'm going back even before speaker we
didn't have the majority yet but we the
Democrats planted a flag for the
veterans we said this is one of our
priorities as we go forward and we put
forth initiatives working with the
veteran's service organizations to hear
what their priorities were which were
many and saying to them now you
prioritize them we'll time these how we
go forward and some of the initiatives
we put forward are required more funding
and this is in the minority the
Republicans not only opposed what we
were doing to increase the funding etc
but the chairman of the committee Chris
the Republican chairman of the committee
agreed with us on some scores and the
Republicans not only deposed in this
chair they took them off the committee
so we believe I mean we're glad to see
the cooperation bipartisanship now but
Democrats have real standing on this
issue we promised the groups that when
we and when we would take the majority
we would go for it with some of the
grander initiatives which were advanced
appropriations a veteran's budget we did
the GI Bill the biggest one since the
first GI Bill so when we took the
majority we did what we said we would do
we also at that time passed a of mental
health parity legislation and then in
the affordable care act carried forth
that mental health parity which has a
big impact on our returning vets but I
think what is necessary now instead of
you know spending time calling it a
scandal or signing blame which you have
to you have to assign responsibility is
that I really do think that we have to
take a look at the capacity of the
Veterans Administration
the Committees of jurisdiction which I
think there would be strong bipartisan
cooperation to do in the house and in
the Senate to say this is what the need
is how do we fill it rather than this is
the capacity we have how do we
incrementally get it to meet those needs
because incremental ISM is not my thing
when you guys did the change on Agent
Orange what you did was you made it
essentially an automatic eligibility if
you'd been exposed and a lot of the VA
backlog is this sort of haggling over
whether or not somebody got an injury
and war not you said you're not for
incrementalism but a lot of people think
that it should just be more or less you
should accept the injury and then do bad
things yeah in fact present you on home
and he was here that was a bill that he
had put forth you're there this is your
condition nothing more to discuss you
know so what is the point of having to
document and prove and all the rest of
that first of all administrative Lee
it's a nightmare secondly it costs money
and what's the point what's the point
I've had stories from young people
telling me if they were weren't for
their wife for their mother or their
father somebody else to manage the
documentation and the scheduling of
appointments and that this and the proof
of this or that they would not be able
to not to have achieved the successes
that they have achieved that shouldn't
have to be part of it
I mean we're asking these young people
to not only go and die for our country
which I think almost anybody would say I
would die for my country but we're
asking them to kill for our country
that's pretty dramatic when you have to
go and do it and I think there's enough
experience in our country from previous
war but from veterans of other wars
especially the Vietnam War of more
recent memory but it's really hard to
revisit it's really hard to revisit that
especially in the very near term as we
observed Memorial Day the end of May the
debt that we owe our men and women in
uniform the recognition that we have to
have for their family members who are
their unpaid in money most cases unpaid
caregivers stories that people came up
and told me that said I had a job I have
someone my own career path my daughter
was injured in Afghanistan now I'm her
caregiver I tried to balance work and
home but I lost my job and now I've lost
my unemployment insurance just because I
was trying to take care of my daughter
and you know there isn't enough buy-in
from the rest of our society and our
economy to say if you have a job and you
have a war wounded child that you might
need more time at home
so when Memorial Day was here originally
it started because the widows are women
some widows some not decorated the
graves of soldiers north and south
whether they were Union or whether they
were Confederate it didn't matter
everybody's wave would be decorated
because they were had suffered in the
war
of course we're at a different place now
we are not fighting each other but we
really have to come together to to
recognize that when we make a decision
to go to war we'd better charan play
beyond the level about what it's about
but its purpose is what its prospects
are what its costs are not only in
dollars but in our precious treasure of
people and what it means to those
families not just for life but if they
die for the rest of time for their for
their families I think we have to think
in a bigger way rather than
incrementally thank you very much my
pleasure
