this ad isn't what you think it's not
promoting a sports team or a grill
company it's for an apple and unlike
those that have dominated the produce
section when you were a kid new breeds
like this one have catchy names logos
slogans and are trying to generate buzz
before you can buy them historically our
produce has gone unbranded so how did we
end up with all these apples for most of
the past century America's iconic Apple
was that of Snow White lipstick red with
shiny skin and a crisp white interior
aka the Red Delicious first grown on an
orchard in Iowa and originally named
after its founder when it came out in
the late 1800s it was dubbed the best
apple of any time growers and retail
stores loved the Red Delicious because
it looked good it was uniform in size
and color turned red before it was
bright and wouldn't bruise easily and
Americans loved the taste by the 1980s
close to half of all apples grown in the
US were Red Delicious the trouble is
when you bite into one now it doesn't
really taste that great people complain
of mushy flesh tough skin it's defining
characteristic can sometimes be that it
has no flavor at all it takes years and
a lot of money to develop a food tasting
Apple but growers were incentivized to
cut costs even at the expense of taste
that is until one Apple proved them
wrong the Honey Crisp
the Honeycrisp is everything that the
Red Delicious was not when it came out
in 1991 after 30 years of development it
had a refreshing taste a delicate skin
and a soft juicy crunch and even though
it can cost more than two times the
average price of Apple's consumers then
and now are willing to pay a premium
price so much so that it's now the fifth
most produced Apple in the US so the
Honey Crisp started a sort of revolution
in the Apple industry not at people new
expensive flavor focused apples would
sell breeders experimented to create
tastier more inventive varieties and
they sought to protect their apples good
names by patenting their trees and
trademarking their brand names this
process picked up speed after a 1980
federal law allowed universities to own
and patent their inventions including
apple trees research programs for apple
breeding took advantage of the new rules
in order to plant these new patented
varieties growers had to pay up usually
about one dollar per patented tree and a
portion of sales for the use of the
trademark name Plus each trademarked
Apple had to pass muster on firmness
sugar content blemishes and color these
quality checks mean that even though the
trademarked pink lady and the generic
Crips pink originated from the same type
of tree they look and taste different
the pink lady is held to rigorous
trademark standards and that is what the
company says justifies their higher
price now not all new apples get
trademarked it's only those that experts
believe can garner a premium price and
it can take up to ten years after
securing a patent and trademark to grow
enough trees for commercial production
so while they're waiting on the fruits
of their labor
growers worked on marketing their apples
in the hopes of finding loyal consumers
in a competitive market and they're not
alone visit your grocery store and you
will see a lot more name brands in the
produce section
branded fruits and vegetables are a
growing trend while not all branded
apples will see success on par with the
Honey Crisp there is one that has high
hopes Washington State growers are
ramping up production of their cosmic
crisp
an apple that's both sweet and tart firm
and crisp and much easier to grow than
the Honey Crisp they're trying to get
people excited about tasting something
new and that's not a bad thing while we
could see higher prices in the future
fruits and veggies themselves will
objectively be better and consumers will
have more options just like we do with
our phones or our computers or our
cereal and now our apples hey thanks for
watching the goods and thanks for our
sponsor American Express Amex has a
credit card feature that gives you
choices for how to make payments big or
small called pay it planet pay it helps
you reduce your balance by making small
payments throughout the month and planet
can help you split purchases over $100
up over time you can check it out at
American Express com / peut planet and
thanks again to American express their
support made this series possible
