if you look at cars from the 1970s and
cars from the 1990s there's really one
big difference in their designs the ones
from the 70s are boxy and the ones from
the 90s are curvy for some car models
you can even tell the exact year when
that change happened just look at this
commercial for the Buick LeSabre showing
the 1991 model and then the 1992 model
see the curves let's watch that again 91
is boxy sharp edges 92 smooth and round
and since then cars have become curvier
and curvier so how did this happen when
manufacturers started making curvy cars
in the 90s it wasn't a totally new
concept back in the 1930s streamliners
like this chrysler airflow used a sleek
design to reduce wind resistance but as
the 50s and 60s rolled around American
streamliners stopped selling well they
were outsold by bigger boxier cars and
gas prices were on a fairly steady
decline at this point so streamlining
for fuel efficiency was less of a
concern well into the 1970s just about
every car made in America had sharp
edges and very few curves they were
basically designed as a series of three
boxes the hood the cabin and the trunk
and that model worked really well in the
US market but in Europe fuel was always
more expensive in the 60s a gallon of
gas in France cost a whopping seventy
three point one cents while it was just
31 cents in the US so European designers
started experimenting with more
aerodynamic designs to help cars move
more easily so they'd waste less gas
automakers like Porsche and BMW and Audi
and Mercedes Benz they all started
rolling out car models that had curved
exteriors and eventually American
automakers started to copy the European
aerodynamic look to try to attract
upscale customers the mass-market was a
different picture in Europe a designer
named Eva Bunsen was the first person to
push for a curved design for the average
driver and he did that with the 1982
Ford Sierra it was curvier than any car
in its class
but critics just laughed at it and it
didn't sell very well at first it was
making the jelly mold because of how
much it looked like the kind of circular
shape you'd make jello with but one of
the designers from that European Ford
design team this guy Jack tell neck took
over the US design team in 1980 American
gas prices at this point were
skyrocketing due to conflict in the
Middle East
so tell neck brought Windtunnel testing
into the design process he first did
that with a 1983 Ford Thunderbird but
the real breakthrough came a few years
later the result was the groundbreaking
1986 Ford Taurus it might not look that
groundbreaking now but this style was
revolutionary at the time it was a
mass-market car with curvy edges and
people liked it they used it in robocop
is the car of the future
Gucci and the sales basically saved Ford
which had really been struggling at the
time and it inspired a whole wave of
copycat curvy cars and streamlining
became even more popular because
manufacturers were facing new fuel
economy regulations in the u.s. starting
in 1978 the average fuel efficiency of
each manufacturers passenger cars had to
meet higher and higher levels according
to one for designer aerodynamic design
was a much more affordable way to boost
efficiency than doing engineering work
under the hood the rise of computer
modeling in the 80s also made it easier
for car makers to design and manufacture
curved lines all these years later the
influence on today's cars is pretty
clear even the models that we criticized
for being ridiculously boxy these days
like the Scion xB are actually really
round and if our modern day sci-fi
movies of anything say about it that
won't be changing anytime soon
you
