the United States has a problem with
income inequality things are much worse
today in terms of inequality than they
were 30 years ago biggest threat to us
as a nation is income inequality people
have different ideas about why this is
happening CEO pay climbs every single
year without exception the United States
has lost 5 million manufacturing jobs
since the year 2000 big shifts that's
happened in the economy that is led in
part to a decline in union membership
but when if the biggest drivers of
inequality is hiding here in these 2000
pages it's the US tax code president
Trump and Republicans in Congress have a
plan to alter that code and if they get
their way it'll get even better for the
richest Americans first let's look at a
few things that Trump and the
Republicans don't want to change about
the tax code the charitable deduction
and the mortgage interest deduction
here's how they favor the rich let's say
dan makes $100 donation to his church he
makes about $30,000 a year roughly the
median income for individuals in the US
which puts him in the 15 percent tax
bracket it means he would save at most
$15 on his taxes but let's say Dan's
boss Steve makes the same donation to
his church Steve makes $500,000 a year
which puts him in the top tax bracket in
the same hundred dollar donation could
save Steve 39 dollars and 60 cents on
his taxes dan and Steve give the same
amount to their church but Steve saves
more than twice as much the higher your
tax rate the more the charitable
deduction helps you small examples like
this add up people making $100,000 or
more account for about 57% of all the
charitable contributions in the US but
they get 76 percent of the tax benefits
this deduction is also really expensive
the u.s. spends seventy billion dollars
a year on it more than eight times what
it spends on Head Start the federally
funded preschool program and more than
twice what it spends on Pell grants for
low-income students to go to college
there's all kinds of ways to bend the
rules billionaire Mitchell rails gets a
tax break for donating his collection of
Modern Art to a museum that he built
right next door to his house a museum
that's only open for private tours but
the worst thing about the charitable
deduction there's not great evidence
that it works turns out you don't need a
tax break to encourage people to be
generous to others in the 1980's the top
tax rate for the richest people was 70%
and through a series of reforms that
dropped to 28% and the Council on
Foundations is kind of a trade group for
charities that oh my god to do that
we're going to lose all our
contributions guess what no difference
people gave just as much with a much
lower tax rate Austria Finland Ireland
Italy Sweden Switzerland and New Zealand
have all gotten rid of their deductions
for charitable contributions and that
hasn't had an impact on donation rates
what easy way to make things more fair
replace the tax deduction with a tax
credit if Dan and Steve both give $100
to their church give them each a 15
dollar tax credit that's how they do it
in Canada a tax credit reduces the
amount you owe so the same donation gets
the same benefit no matter how rich you
are there's another tax deduction that's
a boon for the wealthy the mortgage
interest deduction costs about a hundred
billion dollars a year to the Treasury
we could use that money to treat wounded
veterans to build hospitals to build
highways but instead we give it to rich
homeowners here's how it works
let's say Dan buys a house for $100,000
he doesn't pay for that all at once each
month he writes a check to the bank for
a thousand dollars
let's say eight hundred goes to paying
for the house and the bank keeps two
hundred that's interest Dan writes
twelve of these checks a year so he pays
twenty four hundred dollars a year in
interest the mortgage interest deduction
let's dance subtracts that interest from
his taxable income which could save him
as much as three hundred sixty two
dollars nice thanks Dan
that is until he hears about Steve Steve
also buys a house for $100,000 he also
writes a thousand dollar check each
month paying 200 in interest so after a
year Steve can also deduct the $2,400
from his taxable income but that same
deduction can save Steve more than nine
hundred sixty dollars nearly three times
as much as Dan for the exact same
mortgage payments it doesn't stop there
Steve can buy a second home deduct the
interest and save even more or he can
get a mortgage for his yacht count it as
a second home and deduct the interest
sorry Dan your fishing boat doesn't
count
there are deductions everywhere the
money you lose from gambling deduct it
fancy business dinners yep money you put
in a retirement account that too you can
even deduct the fees you pay an
accountant to help you find more
deductions and while theoretically Dan
could take advantage of these same
deductions the fact is people like Steve
benefit a whole lot more people who make
about $400,000 a year or more make up
about 5% of taxpayers but they get more
than half the benefits from these tax
deductions now there's a third part of
the tax code that Trump and the
Republicans want to keep and it's even
better for the richest Americans than
all of these deductions the preferred
rate for capital gains here's how it
works
according to the US tax code there are
two different kinds of income earned
income is when you go to work and
somebody pays you a salary or a way to
paycheck that turned income and we have
a whole set of income tax rates for that
income that go up to 39.6% this is where
dan and Steve's tax rates come from
unearned income means guys who trade
paper guys who sell stock or buy
commodities and then sell it
you know invest in real estate
properties and then sell them that's
capital income and we taxed that at a
lower rate let's say Steve earns five
hundred thousand dollars a year as a
surgeon and Laurie earns the same amount
as a hedge fund manager even though
their income is the same Steve's tax
rate is thirty nine point six percent
but Laurie's tax rate is nearly half
that
23.8% so Steve ends up with a much
higher tax bill this is why billionaire
investor Warren Buffett pays a lower tax
rate than his secretary his money comes
from capital gains while hers comes from
a salary Debbie works just as hard as I
do and she pays at twice the rate I pay
Ronald Reagan thought the same thing
Reagan had been a very high tithe
bracket taxpayer in fact he'd paid at
the ninety percent rate in the nineteen
fifties it was a movie star his
accountant kept telling him well sign
these documents and that'll shift your
income from labor to capital income and
Reagan saw that that was hokey what why
should that be Reagan's landmark 1986
tax bill tax capital income and labor
income at the same rate people said oh
my god you can't do that that nobody
will invest investment will plummet
it didn't this chart shows the value of
the S&P 500 a stock market metric that
measures how well big businesses are
doing after Reagan raised the capital
gains rate in 1986 businesses continued
to prosper Reagan's successors George HW
Bush and Bill Clinton also raised taxes
on the wealthiest Americans and the
1990s saw America's longest period of
consecutive economic growth ever but the
changes that Donald Trump and
Republicans in Congress want to make to
the tax code look very different while
the Trump and GOP plans get rid of some
deductions neither gets rid of the
charitable contribution or mortgage
interest deductions both plans with
lower taxes on capital income for people
like glory the hedge fund manager in
both plans would reduce the number of
tax brackets from seven to three and cut
the top tax rate which would mean big
tax savings for someone like Steve and
minimal savings for working and
middle-class people like Dan rather than
working to reduce the growing gap
between the richest Americans and
everyone else these new tax plans would
make that gap even wider
you
