I was 24 years old when I started
working at the police department as a
Muslim chaplain and the uniform in and
of itself just commands a lot of respect
everyone's calling you sir you have men
who were twice your age who stopped
everything to salute you there was times
I walked in the bathroom guys are
standing at urinals they would turn
around and salute me look but that's
because I'm in a uniform right I still
have the realities of not in a uniform
where I get pulled over
I've been asked you know to actually own
my car did I steal my car when I engage
in conversation and I show my police
credentials I show my badge the tenor
changes quite drastically he is the
University chaplain for NYU executive
director of the Islamic center here as
well as chaplain for the New York City
Police Department working tirelessly to
foster dialogue with people of other
faiths in order to clarify
misconceptions and encourage mutual
education one day I was asleep in my bed
one of my friends was staying over he
came into my room and he said hey the
FBI is here two agents came into my
living room I got them seated I said you
know what is it that you really want
from me and they said look you're just
too good to be true and we want you to
know that we're watching you when I land
on international flights
you know the announcement would go off
tsa is doing random checks have your
passports ready essentially I was the
random check they then take me escorted
to a detaining room I've seen women who
are as old as my grandmother
in detaining rooms being railed into by
people because they can't speak English
so well while their thirteen-year-old
grandsons are sitting and watching when
they would go through my belongings and
they find my police credentials if I was
traveling on behalf of the State
Department they'd find my State
Department paperwork you know folders
with big golden eagles embossed on them
they start asking me you know why are we
stopping you and I'd say to them why do
you think you're stopping me they say
look man you're young and you're male
and you're Muslim and those things don't
go so well together right now
I've sat down with people like Pope
Francis the Dalai Lama I've met with
President Obama on multiple occasions
his senior staff and these are kind of
things that happen to people like me
with those connections you got really
think what's happening to people who
don't have those connections and what
their lives are like day-to-day when my
wife and I went to st. Lucia for our
honeymoon I said to her don't get off
the plane with me you don't want to go
through this she said no you're my
husband you know I'm gonna walk with you
through everything and we got to the
doorway there was nobody there we got to
the baggage claim I took my suitcases we
left the baggage claim we're standing in
the outside part of the airport I hadn't
seen that part of an airport in about
six years my wife starts joking around
and she says to me you should have
gotten married to me much sooner maybe
you would have the problems you had
before and I responded by putting my
head on her shoulder and just crying the
deeply entrenched racism's that exists
in our country have to be addressed that
have to be addressed not for the sake of
any singular minority population but
really for the sake of all of us just as
human beings I really believe that
things can change
Oh
