these candidates really don't like each
other Americans agree they don't like
them either and that means many voters
might just stay home this election
according to Gallup a lower percentage
of young people said they definitely
plan to vote this year compared to the
last four general elections but this
election is not just about the president
Americans will also decide on other
elected officials and important ballot
measures first there's Congress
Republicans have controlled legislature
ever since they won the house in 2010 in
Senate in 2014 with that control they've
blocked Obama from advancing his agenda
on issues like gun control immigration
and a Supreme Court vacancy you might
remember the government shutdown of 2013
yeah that too but thanks to Trump's
ongoing scandals and attacks on his own
party many down pallette Democratic
candidates are gaining more momentum
than they were expecting
in fact control of both the House and
Senate might be in play in states like
New York Texas and Arizona so-called
battleground congressional districts are
up for grabs and there are at least nine
competitive Senate seats the agenda of a
president Trump or a President Clinton
may depend on who shows up to vote in
these down ballot races then there's
state governments 80% of State
Legislative seats and twelve
governorships are on the ballot this
year since the 2010 midterms Republicans
have been dominating state level
politics where they've increased
abortion restrictions curtailed labor
unions and passed tax and spending cuts
crucially state legislators will also
redraw US congressional district
boundaries in 2021 at that time whoever
controls the states will have a huge
impact on national politics for years to
come you could check out our video on
gerrymandering to see how that works so
votes matter down here and it's not just
politicians on the ballot in some states
you can vote directly on policies four
states are voting on health care
measures including one to create the
nation's first single-payer system in
Colorado
five states are voting on minimum wage
proposals for that would increase the
minimum wage and one that would decrease
it for minors four states are voting on
gun control measures in five states are
deciding whether to join Washington
Oregon and Colorado and legalizing
marijuana including California where
twelve percent of the country lives now
here's the bottom of the ballot where
you might vote on local politics these
votes effect governance of utilities
bond issues and other items but let's go
back to one section that I really want
to highlight judges by pouring money
into these races special interest groups
have been able to swing elections for
judges that will decide in their favor
on issues like same-sex marriage in
Alabama coal lawsuits in West Virginia
and fracking in Pennsylvania in Kansas
five Supreme Court justices are up for
attention which is a yes/no vote on
whether they get to keep their job four
of the five have ruled in favor of
repealing anti-abortion laws passed by
the state legislature unhappy with their
decisions pro-life activists are
lobbying to get them off the bench this
election so they can be replaced with a
socially conservative majority so for
those of you who don't like Donnell the
Hillary there is still a lot you can
influence with your boat yes it might
take a little bit of research but it can
go a long way to learn more about what's
on your ballot into research voting
records make sure to click the links
below
