Mohammed Ali was the story goes the
greatest boxer of all time but that's
not why he'll be remembered as the
greatest yeah he was incredibly fast in
the ring he was so powerful his biggest
fights usually didn't go to 16 rounds
Ali's greatness is all about the other
punches he threw I shook up the world no
I've got the walkie always made boxing
about something much bigger than himself
I'm gonna fight for the prestige not for
me but to uplift my love brother still
asleep in the concrete floors today at
America for example listen to this story
about after he won the gold medal in the
1960 Olympics
I took my gold medal thought I'd
invented some I said man I'm new I'm
gonna get my people feel them chances
Olympic champ and I know I can eat
downtown now and I went downtown it they
hit
witnesses with that time campaign
boom then I went down to hell that sit
down
hot dog
so Matt I don't eat him even give me Oh
God so it might not be a surprise that
an early mentor of his was Malcolm X
then of the very controversial Nation of
Islam you've been advising him as far as
his religious affiliations because well
I don't give advice to anyone most
people know that he changed his name
based on his religious beliefs but while
most accounts say Cassius changed his
name to Muhammad Ali that's not the
whole story
the morning after Cassius became
heavyweight champ he confirmed publicly
that he was a member of the Nation of
Islam and he and Malcolm X announced his
new name said he was Cassius Axel and
clay was a white man's name was a slave
named days later Elijah Muhammad the
leader of the Nation of Islam went
further bestowing upon Cassius X an
original man Muhammad Ali which meant
beloved of God so well
Muhammad Ali but he refused to change
his name legally won't have the face the
judge is what color I don't know he's
white another world on truth you know in
other words I'd have to ask a white man
may I call myself Muhammad Ali boss he
refused the draft to serve in Vietnam as
a conscientious objector that meant
losing his title losing his profession
and being convicted in a court my
conscience won't let me go shoot my
brother are some darker people are some
for hungry people in the mud for big
powerful America and shooting for what
they never called me Neil they never HP
therefore no dogs will be there robbing
my nationality rape killed my mother
father
well I'm shooting for what I don't know
shoot them
I'll just take me to jail but his moral
stand brought him into the civil rights
movement he befriended Martin Luther
King jr. despite their religious
differences what did you discuss back in
the hotel room
nothing just friends just like
Khrushchev and
and uh kennedy united against oppression
in the war hamid Ollie has just said we
are all victims of the same system of
oppression and even though we may have
different religious beliefs this does
not at all
bring about a difference in terms of our
concern steel broke he share the same
concern that Mohammed has for his draft
status well I said him to do you mind my
views on the draft Berkeley I'm against
it
and he took his case of conscientious
objection to the Supreme Court I haven't
been mown draft record but what I'm
doing is legal this is why I believe
I'll receive justice in the how a court
you can deny the draft on inner grounds
but you'll have to go to court to slow
if you lose you go to jail which I did I
do I'm not fighting legal most people
who objected to the Vietnam War avoided
the draft however they could burning
their draft cards or using a complicated
series of deferments like future
President Bill Clinton did but if you
notice I'm been the most persecuted I'm
not allowed to work in America I'm not
allowed to leave America home of the
brave man the freaks are there times
when you miss being heavyweight champ of
the world
no they miss me I know that now don't
miss it I'm not gonna miss it
he won that case and when he returned to
boxing he didn't stop shaking things up
Vietcong are not all bad for the mother
feel driving bones and Hiroshima Japan
won BAM she shields off the bomb in
Korea they wasn't bad but they still got
the bomb so now I'm going to forget the
400 election and killing them rape
people freedom justice quality the first
ball lands hot the laws of Lowell are
suspected and I'm going to look at two
or three white people who are trying to
do right and don't see that a million
trying to kill me she used these media
appearances over and over to try to
promote living a moral life as you know
in this country a black athlete or
entertainer has a lot of influence
someone from or rescues someone make
movies I'd like to do all I can to
uplift the people morally and
spiritually as far as love himself and
sticking together and help himself
before expecting others to help him they
respect him and don't respect themselves
well having known you as long as I do I
don't know anybody else was better
qualified to do that than you and I know
you leave it after he retired even saved
a man from jumping to his death in 1981
the former heavyweight champion went to
a window and reportedly yelled I'm your
brother I want to help you
recognizing Ali the man finally opened
the fire escape door and Ellie
approached him on the ledge he helped
negotiate the release of 14 hostages in
Iraq he stood with Nelson Mandela
against apartheid he delivered medical
supplies and food to kids all over the
world and though his genetic disease
Parkinson's cruelly impaired his
function that never stopped his ability
to inspire billions three billion people
watched this in 1996
and in one of his final public
appearances he spoke out about Islam
after the devastating attacks of
September 11th even though he could
barely speak I'm a Muslim I'm gonna
listen twenty years I guess killing
balance law Muslims I guess
people should know the real truth about
Islam you know me I'm a boxer and called
the greatest of all time people
recognize me
you know Fox and Amana truth I wouldn't
be here
she's give us in this long it was really
like the tears made his look I think
that all the people should know the
truth and come to recognize Jeanne
because this love is peace against
killing Merlin in the tears the people
tone that name is wrong and if I had
chance I'd do somebody and last fall
when he could no longer speak he wrote a
statement against comments from Donald
Trump that loved the actions of a few
murderers in Paris and San Bernardino
with 1.5 billion Muslims around the
world he said quote speaking as someone
who has never been accused of political
correctness I believe that our political
leaders should use their position to
bring understanding about the religion
of Islam and clarify that these
misguided murderers have perverted
people's views on what Islam really is
Ali was a fighter but I don't think his
muscles are really the part that we care
about and it's not what he cared most
about either boxing is just to introduce
me to the struggle but my main fight is
for freedom and equality money don't
really mean that because I proved that
when I gave up the title not knowing if
I'm coming back or not for four years
- those gloves he wore represented a lot
more than physical punching and a pair
of his have been in the president's
private offices the past eight years for
this fight I've wrestled with alligators
I've tussled with a whale
I don't handcuff lightning
and put thund in jail you know I'm mad I
have murdered a rock I enter the stone
and a hospitalized a brick I'm so bad I
make medicine sick I'm so fast man I can
run through a hurricane and don't get
wet when Joy's fool meets me he'll pay
his debt I can drown the drink of water
and kill a dead tree wait do you see
Muhammad Ali
