Maria Cara was on her way to demand
approximately $600 from garden-fresh a
small company in Brooklyn that neglected
to pay her for two weeks of her work in
food preparation Cole 'mentally dad
knows me Dolby doze mental burden in
Manado to know barbara la lo que se le
Devin our adhesions Khatami no
pornography champion in the u.s. wage
theft costs workers fifty billion
dollars a year yes fifty billion dollars
in New York alone 2.1 million workers
are victims of wage theft annually they
are cheated out of 3.2 billion dollars
in wages and benefits Maria works as a
day laborer to support herself and her
four children when her employer refused
to pay she reached out to an
organization called the workers Justice
Project
the center came default on Ahmad respite
on dopa Darla soon salario ls2 Vivendi
endo todo Zoomer can sia yell table
receive a de los check a spork a
non-square paga arizona da prata no le
pagará Oh bueno no si so trampa porque
ESO de daño zu no checks que no tienen
fondo so the organizers decide to write
a letter to de Monte Allison inhe and
they decide to deliver the letter
personally to Maria's employer yeah the
owner hero or the manager own they're
not here and we get to deliver a message
that there is our wages that are all to
miss Maria and
here in support of her and we want to
make sure that the owner knows New York
State has some of the strongest wage
theft protection laws in the country but
despite this wage theft is still very
pervasive in New York State and that's
because we need stronger enforcement and
that's what I see in a lot of the day
labor cases these are not complex legal
cases because the law is clearly on the
workers side but it shows how these
employers unscrupulous employers really
don't care about the law mr. all good
afternoon how are you
here I'm not here I'm home Carlos are
with the workers mr. project I'm with my
dia here outside of your business we're
trying to deliver a message to you but
you are not in I'm wondering if you will
be stopping by the your workplace today
what yeah check it out yeah I would hear
what to talk about
yes hey what's the problem she was not
paid from her hours does she work so we
are here as an organization well I got a
phone call I got an email so what is
what's going on here what's the budget
cut off she knew you had a day you
haven't paid a lot and find the sense
that I got an email and thought for
someone right so what's the problem
yesterday
so Johansson getting paid I don't kid
know whatever you want good bye hon yeah
peace ah when it's time to pay many
employers simply disappear and it's
often a very systematic part of an
employer's business strategy and women
day Labor's especially Villanova they're
often working mainly in isolation
and Maria was only working with one
other person they're also working a lot
more sporadically than let's say a male
day laborer who's doing a construction
job
fortunately Maria can provide legal
evidence for her case we do have some
pay records we do have a set schedule
that she followed
what is the
pays mighty etiqueta for her wages she
worked and she hasn't been problem and
make all this commotion what's the role
of NYPD when it comes to wage then
well you're gonna have to take it a core
cuz this is a simple matter in my DA's
case she would need to go to the small
claims court because I claim is under
$5,000 and right now in New York City
the small claims court cases are
backlogged and workers are not getting
their first hearing for at least six
months and even after Maria wins in
court she would still have to take
additionally good steps to go after the
employers assets this could take months
years before she sees these two weeks
worth of wages that she's old which is
absurd
the organizers try to use Maria's case
to create solidarity among the women day
Labor's in Brooklyn muchos meses lament
when science Panetti indeed OES Devadas
preah cuando viene mujeres de la misma
parada
Kristen al Sandow la voz en de Robar
O'Leary say my scenario is when Savannah
de see no por la Vella mucho narrow bono
la necesidad organizar sistah hora es
como como lo Samos verdad porque los
Petrobras Kraig anomie crea estado en
estado y la oportunidad amariah por
favor para que nos cuentas Victoria Y P
de apoyo de Las Campanas en las semanas
entre Toyohashi otro squat rodia's que
yo todavía tratando decir que me
pagará pero no no n-no Papagayo
Crockett robado pas de menthe
the workers justice project does not
stop calling Maria's employer one month
after the first confrontation he finally
offers to pay he tells them to pick up
the check at a construction site he
oversees la dinamica de poder y cambio
bastante yeah no es tanto que el es el
patron y usted hace lo que DC ahora es
que estan estan con más de Vlado cent
aminos de poder 66 hours percent I say
save a brother this is 66 hours dck
Lunas lo deposited
stallion concession
hello and quarrelin one dear linear type
or Kitab Americans Oh Alan through the
manhole
