so most dentists are totally trustworthy
and honest but they're upset about a
small minority of dentists within the
field that are taking advantage of
patients
I spoke to eight different dentists and
ask them what sorts of things patients
should be looking for to see if they
might be getting ripped off one big red
flag is a lot of people will go into a
new dentist and he or she will say oh we
have to rip out all your old silver
fillings they're falling apart or
they're leeching mercury into your body
and we need to take them out there's no
truth to the idea that mercury and old
silver fillings is actually leaching
into people's teeth you might have one
or two fillings that are cracked or
wearing down but in most cases you don't
need to get all of your fillings
replaced at once another thing to look
out for our dentists that advertise
especially they're offering free deals
like a free cleaning free whitening a
lot of the time they're just doing that
to get you in the door so they can
prescribe more treatment all the
dentists I spoke to said the best way to
find a dentist
is through word of mouth for children
sometimes these fluoride treatments can
be helpful but for most adults
especially if you're not getting tons of
cavities you don't need prescription
fluoride toothpaste those are things
that are commonly not covered by dental
insurance and they're also things that
are not necessary for most adults
throughout the course of our lives we
all grind our teeth a little bit some
more than others a lot of people you
know might do a little bit of grinding
and then stop for several years and then
do some more and it doesn't mean that
you need a $700 night guard it's a huge
markup item you know both that in the
fluoride toothpaste they're products
that the practice sells directly to you
so they're getting that markup so
veneers are basically these artificial
tooth services they go on top of the
tooth and they look really big and white
and beautiful but they cost thousands of
dollars and ultimately they're a
cosmetic choice if you don't like the
color of your teeth but the shape is
fine you can just go for whitening when
you get x-rays done it's your legal
right to have those files and if you
tell a dentist okay can I please see the
x-ray I want to go get a second opinion
and there's someone reluctant to let you
do that that could be a sign that they
might be rough
but it's a field where if you need to
make a little more money you know you
just air a little bit on the side of
aggressive treatment rather than
conservative treatment and no one is
going to know what all these claims it's
important number if you're having some
kind of pain a problem then probably do
need work done if you go in in your
mouth feels great you just wanted to
cleaning and the new dentist tells you
you need to have seven new fillings done
probably good reason to go get a second
opinion
