- a lot of prominent people the attack
that killed nine members of Charleston's
Emanuel AME Church on Wednesday night
roof is charged with nine counts of was
shocking and inexplicable yeah I can't
explain this I don't know what would
make a young man at 21 get so sick and
twisted to kill nine people in her
church
the government's horrifying attack on
faith killing nine people including a
famed pastor they got part of it right
mother Emanuel is in fact more than a
church this is a place of worship that
was founded by after Americans seeking
liberty one of the founders of the
church was Denmark Vesey who was later
executed after planning to lead a slave
revolt in the 1820s the church itself
was actually burned down after that as
white retaliation increased and it was
banned in South Carolina after that
times the state of South Carolina
because of the work of black
congregations in Charleston fomenting
this desire that all people should be
free in the state instituted a law that
closed a manual I mean by state law the
church was closed and it was about 40
years until the church was reestablished
that wasn't the last time the black
church would be targeted by white
supremacists either in 1963 you have the
bombing of the 16th Street Baptist
Church in Birmingham Alabama which
famously killed four young girls in the
1990s there was a spate of mysterious
fires many of which were later found to
be white supremacists targeting black
churches the reason the black church is
a target is because of what it
symbolizes many of us don't see
ourselves as just a place where we come
in worship that as a beacon and as a a
bearer of the culture and a bearer of
what makes us of people - white
supremacists any pride in black identity
has been a reason to retaliate with vile
and throughout American history that's
just what they've done in South Carolina
alone from 1866 to 1868 the federal
government compiled reports of 130
attacks on freedmen and elected
officials and many of those attacks
especially intimidating voters and
would-be voters were orchestrated by the
Ku Klux Klan that led to essentially the
nation's first anti-terrorism law the
Enforcement Act of 1871 which is often
called the Ku Klux Klan Act made it a
felony to use force intimidation or
threat to keep anyone from voting or
participating in trials or from carrying
out their duties as a government
official so was the Charleston shooting
an act of terrorism one way to look at
terrorism is the way that political
scientists institutes in the service of
a very particular political ideology in
for the Klan that's preventing black
Americans from exercising their rights
as citizens for white supremacists today
it's looking too racist apartheid
countries like Rhodesia or apartheid
South Africa as models for what we
should be doing here in the States
and that might be the reason that we saw
those patches on the jacket of the
alleged Charleston shooter but there's
also another way to look at it do people
feel terrorized when FoxNews asks if
churchgoers are safe it's just about one
shooting when the congregants of the
Emanuel AME Church ask it there's a
century and a half behind the question
of
