on these humble pages scientific inquiry
stacked one upon the next the former
magnificent castle of human knowledge
flew the great migration we're looking
at how fluid moves about the world and
we're kind of traced back where viruses
come from in a new study trevor bedford
and his colleagues investigate the
lifestyles and travel habits of flu to
understand the origin of outbreaks think
of it millions come down with a strain
of flu someone existed in the world that
had the flu and that now everyone that
has the flu descends from that one that
one sneeze Trevor says the person who
sneezed the sneeze that would give rise
to flu season that person would be
thinking wow that's crazy
Trevor compared the genetic material the
RNA of flu samples from all over the
world and put together a giant family
tree flu which Trevor agreed to recreate
using the paper and pipe cleaners this
is my level of abstraction think of each
circle there's a few simple here's the
virus both of these viruses share a
common ancestor here this virus actually
exceeded kind of two infections
the mutates so mutation has occurred
subsequent people invented and this goes
on and on now
imagine almost 10,000 circles that's the
size of Trevor's tree making it perhaps
the largest study of flu evolution in
history
what did the flu family tree reveal the
life of flu has more twists than a
pretzel factory so the biggest surprises
is that influence of being behaves very
differently from the way you see there
are different kinds of flu flu a it
includes the strain h3n2 that was the
most common and deadly strain of
seasonal flu last year and h3n2 trevor
found leads a very different lifestyle
from flu leaking so h32 evolved very
quickly so your immunity to age 3 & 2
doesn't last long the flu evolves
escaping our immune system and you'll
get flu B lives a quieter life it
evolves more slowly it infects a higher
proportion of children who haven't been
exposed to flu before as a kid but then
2015 years these flus also travel
differently Trevor found flu B can
settle for years in one place we can see
one movie that sticks around Southeast
Asia for six years h3n2
on the other hand travels faster than
small town gossip which was kind of
mysterious
why would h3 and to travel while flu
being is stuck in one place
the answer airplanes and the people who
ride them
adults get in airplanes and travel
around the world and spread flu whereas
me infects primarily children kids don't
get on airplanes as much don't spread
the virus both world is respect me
because flu being evolves more slowly
and infects mostly kids it travels when
kids travel kids don't travel that much
h3n2 evolves more quickly infects more
adults and hitches a ride with them all
over the world
Trevor's data showed h3n2 often migrates
from Southeast Asia where flu circulates
all year long it heads to North America
where it D planes outcompetes local
strains and takes over knowing how
different flus operate can help us make
better vaccines we could tailor B
vaccines to specific regions and h3n2 s
migration patterns tell us where to look
for strains that dominate seasonal flu
all of this kind of enigmas about this
world are a dime a dozen but with every
study published our view of the world
it's a little more interesting until
next time
