the 2016 campaign is underway I'm
running for president and it's pretty
clear who's leading an internet sharing
so how do you become the President to
the Internet well you say what you think
and you give notes about the
consequences here the Republican attack
ad right now he wants America to look
more like Scandinavia and what's wrong
with that in those countries health care
is a right of all people in those
countries college education graduate
school is free retirement benefits child
care are stronger than in the United
States of America Bernie Sanders is
running as a Democrat but he's really
like a Scandinavian Social Democrat not
as USSR socialist but he's a guy who
believes that free markets should be
really sharply curtailed by expensive
public services even if it means very
high tax rates there's not that many
politicians who stand up for this so
frankly or who don't really care about
raising money from rich people this
great nation and it's government belong
to all of the people and not to a
handful of billionaires and you know the
public really does agree with a lot of
his positions people are with him on
labor law reform they're with him I'm
raising the minimum wage they agree with
him that the rich pay too little in
federal taxes and Sanders is the guy who
launched a one-man filibuster to try to
stop the Bush tax cuts giving tax breaks
to millionaires and billionaires who
don't need it there's even a new poll
indicating that 50% of likely voters
might agree with Sanders about the
merits of a completely government-run
health care system still Sanders isn't
quite poised to capture the White House
so even if relatively few Americans
agree with all of Sanders views they
agree strongly enough to like it all on
Facebook to up vote it all on Reddit six
months ago if Bernie Sanders had started
talking about free college tuition
nobody would have covered it but because
people saw how much enthusiasm there was
about some of his earlier statements
lots of people voxcom and every website
I know wrote about it the American party
system is unusual around the world we
have just two parties representing over
300 million people
Canada has about a tenth that population
but there's five parties in this
Parliament Israel is tiny but they have
ten parties in their legislature people
are frustrated and angry about a
two-party system which is dominated by
big
money and which does not pay attention
from needs of working people or elderly
people or poor people this is how Bernie
Sanders is winning the Internet he's not
speaking in the bland lowest common
denominator model of most presidential
candidates
he's like a third party candidate who
just happens to be running inside the
Democratic Party which is literally what
he's doing
