I used to shower at night when I was a
boy but when you went full-time I
switched the warning because of the hair
the hair thing isn't it pretty
that right there is my mommy this is my
mommy she's been very supportive my
father I would prefer not to talk about
so let's me and my dog speedy I miss
speedy he's a he's it was such a good
dog
this is the best Star Trek series
ds9 this is the vinyl version for the
smile session it's one of the best
albums you remember such a small
percentage of the dreams that you have
especially those from your early
childhood but I remember this one
clearly I was on board the enterprise-d
and there was this transporter accident
and I had switched bodies with a female
classmate of mine in the second grade
and so you know being freaked out about
it I was you know I was I was kind of
content with it I was I was happy with
it that was the first instance of what
was going on
from coming out to getting hormones to
wondering if you'll get the surgery that
you need finding employment what other
people will think it's it's all hard and
I'm not gonna be here for her because I
have one last thing I need to do for my
transition and I need to be around
family and friends to take that last
step
my mom has been so supportive she's just
been come thinking I am I am her kid
first it would be so much more difficult
without family support maybe near
impossible
Surf's Up is about ace it's a song about
a man coming to realize that the only
way to achieve real happiness the only
way to be really happy to have childhood
innocence is to have that childhood
innocence and once you lose that and
because you can't you know get that type
of innocence back you know that's where
the whole tragedy of the time of the
song comes from I think that you might
be connected in the lyrics to your
experience um I love kids I love
interacting with kids but you know when
I usually see little girls I just I kind
of look at them with envy because I will
never be a little girl and you know I
was never it was never a teenage girl I
can't you know I can't be a little girl
they can't pay teenager you know I feel
like my high school years would have
been so much better my my college years
we've been so much better had I just you
know they warned a girl
I was the wealthiest person on earth and
and if there and if I'd to give it all
the way to you know be born with a
female body I I would give it all away
am I gonna look like you know your
average girl and my going to you know
it's transition you gonna turn out
alright I'm gonna find a job am I going
to you know will I get all the surgeries
that I think I need to get how long has
it been that you've been like working
twice that about two years in nine
months
well I don't have to wake up and be
worried about something day that is that
is where I know I will be drew it
