there's something really scary happening
in the economy right now since the Great
Recession of 2008 we've gotten a lot
better in a lot of ways and there's a
lot to be happy about but if you look
closer the scars of the Great Recession
are still with us it probably changed
the economy permanently the share of
unemployed workers who've been out of
work for a very long time is still way
higher than us and this problem has been
growing with each subsequent business
cycle long term unemployment is way
worse than the ordinary kind it's
demoralizing but it's not just that the
longer you've been out of work the less
likely you are to find a new job
studies show that unemployed workers
face discrimination from employers
otherwise identical resumes are less
likely to get a callback the longer
you've been out of work not surprisingly
when the long-term unemployed stop being
unemployed it's often because they've
stopped looking for a job entirely
that's one big reason the United States
has seen this really disturbing decline
the share of working age men or in the
labor force at all it used to be that
recessions led to a lot of short-term
firing followed by a lot of very rapid
rehousing but recent recoveries have
been slower with much less rehiring and
more people trapped in long-term
joblessness so how do we fix this well
we've got the unemployment insurance
program and it's a useful bridge for
people who need some money to get by
between jobs but for people really
struggling with long-term joblessness it
doesn't offer what they actually need
which is a path back to work one option
here would be for the government to hire
them directly that's the way the WPA
helped get the country out of the Great
Depression another would be for some
kind of much more rigorous job training
and job placement program either way it
would be really hard to design a program
hard to pull off but very crucially
important to solving this huge huge
problem
and right now no one in Congress is even
talking
you
