last month I visited a body farm in
Texas so these are places where
researchers take recently deceased human
bodies and they essentially just leave
them out to decompose so this research
mainly it's helpful when law enforcement
come across a body under mysterious
circumstances maybe a murder and they
want to know how long has it been out
here
the bodies are scattered all over the
field they have about 50 out and most of
them are under these metal cages that
prevent the vultures from getting in
like have asking him to lift up the
cages for me to get better photos so
what happens right after you die is all
the fluids that are inside your cells on
your live leak out and bacteria start
feeding immediately they're converting
the liquids and solids inside you into
gases that they emit and this causes the
second stage which is bloat you also
have something called marbling during
the stage because one of the gases
sulfur it binds to the hemoglobin
molecules in your blood and changes the
color of them to an orange or yellow and
at the same time flies come they come
almost immediately when the body's
placed and they lay eggs and they
especially lay them in any orifices so
your head will get a lot of maggots on
it to eye sockets and mouth and nose and
it'll eat away at that first there
absolutely just crawling over the body
like getting up really close to it and
taking photos was the most intense thing
I did there then after a few days of
that the body moves to the third stage
which is called purge and that's
ultimately the bloating is relieved as a
lot of the gas and fluids leak out you
see this dark fluid pooling around the
body and the interesting thing is that
fluid it's really nutrient rich but it's
so rich in nitrogen that it kills off
the plants initially but a year later
it'll become especially fertile so here
this is the next stage a lot of the
changes have been really rapidly at
first and then slows down a lot
they're certainly still bacteria here
but if you were to graph all the
nutrients it's a very sharp decline if
the bodies in the Sun especially in
Texas the heat is so strong that a lot
of bacteria insects can't actually
survive and so instead of continuing to
decompose the body it'll really
gradually mummify it'll just dry up but
if the body's in the shade then the
bacteria and insects can continue to
feed on it and they'll essentially eat
it down to a skeleton what the vulture
is the process is completely different
because a flock of them will just swarm
a body immediately if it's left uncaged
and they can eat pretty much all the
flesh off within a few hours one thing
that really fascinated me is the way the
bones are frayed and that's from their
beaks ripping at it voraciously and that
looks like leather or clothing but it's
skin typically they're left out to
decompose for six to twelve months so
when the bodies come in they'll boil
them and they put detergent on them and
that strips away most of the remaining
flesh and then volunteer undergraduate
interns will clean every single bone
with a toothbrush the smell was actually
the strongest inside that lab it smells
like rotting meat which is essentially
what it is you know just organic
substances that have gone bad and then
after they get cleaned they get laid
back out they get labeled and then they
get sent to the lab closer into town
where they get boxed up and so this
basically serves as a contemporary
skeleton collection which there aren't
that many of as it turns out we really
seldom see bodies anymore in our modern
culture most people die in a hospital
they get directly sent to a funeral home
that funeral home injects them with
formaldehyde and puts makeup all over
them so they don't look like a dead body
but the truth is that ultimately whether
we see it or not this happens unless you
get cremated it's gonna happen to you I
mean that's what yuko systems evolved to
do is harvest nutrients to create new
life
