I am going to get a flu shot like every
adult American should this flu season my
insurance card ready to get flu shot you
should get a flu shot everybody should
get a flu shot unless you have some
particular medical condition that would
prevent you from getting a flu shot the
last time there was a survey 58% of
Americans didn't get flu shots flu shots
are usually really cheap if you have
insurance it's probably not going to
cost you anything just bring your
insurance card very important if you
don't have insurance usually there in
the 15 to 25 dollar range the flu is
very contagious and sometimes you have
really bad flu outbreaks in 2004 the flu
killed 48,000 people so far Ebola is
tragic and terrible it's a very
terrifying disease with a very high
mortality rate but it's killed about
3,000 people at this point the flu
typically kills thousands of people each
year these tend to be people with weaker
immune systems who are older or sicker
essentially what you're getting is an
injection of an inactive flu virus one
of the misconceptions about the flu
vaccine is that you could actually get
the flu from getting the vaccine that is
not true it's inactive virus you might
get sore it's like possible to get a
very minor grade fever but you cannot
get the flu from the flu vaccine and
we're here I look they've a sign outside
no cost we shot
oh yeah I wanted to get a flu shot
do you take an anticoagulation
medication and I'm not pregnant or
nursing you know one of the reasons to
get the flu shot is obviously to
vaccinate yourself to protect yourself
against the flu season but arguably the
more important reason is to help with
something called herd immunity let's say
there's one guy out there in the whole
US who gets a flu vaccine that doesn't
really stop the disease it might help
him but it doesn't really help stop the
disease from spreading but let's say
ninety percent of the American
population gets the flu vaccine then
it's really difficult for the flu to
bounce from person to person and you're
setting up a firewall so that's really
important for people who have more
fragile immune systems maybe your
grandparents they're the ones who are
most susceptible of flu the most likely
to be killed by the flu so really when
you're getting the flu shot
you know you can do it for selfish
reasons to protect yourself but you know
let's say you're not completely selfish
does it matter which one
okay
I have a flu shot you should get a flu
shot to everyone go get your flu shots
that was a very nice
you
