we hold these truths to be self-evident
that all men and women are created equal
just kidding sorry no we're not all
equal in equality in fact gets a ton of
attention these days President Obama
called it quote the defining challenge
of our times but usually when people are
talking about inequality they're talking
about income inequality and income
inequality is at its highest level since
the Great Depression before taxes the
top one percent take home about twenty
two point five percent of the national
income really think about that for a
second
for every dollar paid in income in the
u.s. almost a quarter of it goes to the
top one percent a quarter but income
inequality is actually less dangerous
and it's cousin wealth inequality the
top one percent held closer to 40
percent of the national wealth so for
every dollar in American assets that's
home stock savings all that 40 cents of
it belongs to the top one percent the
top one percent holds more wealth in
America than the bottom ninety percent
of the country combined and all that
money gets passed on to their children
or their children's children take the
heirs of Sam Walton founder of Walmart
none of them have found it Walmart and
none of them were created equal either
that's six of them have more than 140
billion dollars in wealth that makes
those six people wealthier than the
bottom forty percent of Americans
combined now there's an upside to income
inequality that income is a reward for
people who start their businesses and do
great things you can like income
inequality you can hate it but at least
it is money they earned in this lifetime
usually through talent or risk or hard
work with a little bit of luck but
wealth inequality isn't like that
that money is often a reward for people
who is born in bright family and it's
money that keeps growing that's a big
point economist Thomas spaghetti makes
in his new book capital the rate of the
return on capital or wealth is higher
than the growth rate of the overall
economy so people who have a lot of
wealth they tend to get wealthier and
wealthier and wealthier unless something
like a war or attacks
into these
one way to get wealthier by the way is
politics and mana money can buy you a
lot of political speech party now the
Supreme Court has systematically
dismantle the limits on buying political
speech this is a do loop of oligarchy
wealth less power power bonds more
wealth more wealth means more power of
McCalla means more wealth and on and on
and on we go until a very small fraction
of the population as a whole lot of
power and a whole lot of money so now
all men and women aren't born equal some
are born really really wealthy
