taxes don't have to suck to find really
they don't there is a very simple way
tax day could stop sucking for tens of
millions of Americans the IRS could
simply do their taxes for them
the IRS already notes what you make and
they know what you're probably going out
so they do your taxes freak they send
you the tax return and they let you make
any changes you want if you want to make
your taxes more complicated great if you
don't and most people don't you can
simply sign off and that's it you're
done because this is a 21st goddamn
century we can order luxury cars on
phones and listen to Jefferson Airplane
b-sides stored in the cloud the NSA can
do I mean God knows what they can do but
if they can do all that surely the IRS
could save us the hardship would figure
out what we owe the government right
economists certainly think so
Austan Goolsbee an expert on taxes he's
run the numbers on this splint he says
having the IRS auto prepare taxes would
save Americans more than two billion
dollars in tax preparation fees a year
and two hundred and twenty five million
hours and times spent preparing our
taxes that's what we can do with all
that time if it sounds too good to be
true consider this it's already hug
times his work in Denmark and Sweden
state California did this as an
experiment in ninety-eight percent of
people surveyed from the program said
they'd do it again you know who liked
this idea law President Ronald Reagan
you know who else likes it President
Barack Obama there's a legislation in
Congress right now that would make
Nikki the IRS you find but it keeps
failing why because if people make money
doing your taxes now people like Intuit
makers of TurboTax they don't want the
IRS distorting your business into it
makes more than a million dollars every
year from TurboTax and related services
so Alicia's good business for them to
spend almost two million trying to kill
California's experiment and the more
than eleven million they've spent
lobbying Washington in recent years so
that's just good business too and into
its got powerful friends friends like
Grover Norquist skinny anti-tax forces
he eats this idea because if taxes are
too easy then people won't hate them as
much Norquist says the IRS is quote
trying to socialize all tax preparation
in America
yeah because having the government using
information you're already given them to
prepare an automatic tax return that you
can completely ignore if you want to
that is totally what Karl Marx had in
mind
so if you're sitting up late this April
14th wishing there was an easier way
well there is
