hi so you know our conversation is a
waste of time so your birthday is also
in July yeah good so like you're a Leo
and I'm a Leo that is a mate how crazy
is that it's not crazy at all I hate
hanging out with you so much but more
than that the new year's resolution one
where everyone asks what are your new
year's what are your new year's what are
your new year's resolutions well I hate
everything that you say because when it
comes to knees resolutions who cares
who's gonna hold you accountable
my name is Beatrice Rizzo and I am the
chief superintendent of the New Year's
resolution task force freeze Beatrice
reso new year's resolution task force
you said this year you weren't gonna eat
so much junk what is that it's it's junk
food that's right it's junk
just like your willpower that's harsh
but that well that's unnecessary people
make a lot of news resolutions like
nobody's gonna remember I think my new
year's resolution is gonna be to run
more but I remember I remember I don't
care if you're tired you said you were
gonna run so run do you know what
happens when people don't follow through
with their New Year's resolutions
oh great you've put on weight yeah it's
December the 30th you have to lose 15
kilos in two day because let me tell you
this people not only let themselves down
so much I can't remember it you said you
were going to learn French
they let other people down as well does
this have anything to do with your
ex-husband I'm sorry your ex-husband
does this have anything to do with your
ex-husband Frank
no I sorry that shouldn't be there
anymore Frank um Frank and I have split
up and he started his own freelance
business his um but here's an example he
said he would try and work things out
with me in the new year and he didn't
and I just think people should be held
accountable because if people are
allowed to waste my time telling you
stuff they're not actually gonna do I'm
gonna try and learn surfing I should be
allowed to report them or something for
wasting my time
no one haha
yeah how crazy is it how fast this year
is gone did you learn how to surf
oh no I didn't get to cuz you know
amanda was gonna teach me but she died
in that action up
Beatrice reso yeah hi sorry is this the
new year's resolution police or whatever
I don't know if it's real but I read
about you on reddit
what's reddit I've got someone here he's
broken a New Year's resolution text me
the details I'm on my way let's do this
but the more I think about it
he's a Sagittarius and she's an Aquarius
and a Sagittarius an Aquarius
Beatrice reso thank god you're Danny's
resolution arrests for the surfing yes
for the surfing thing you can't just say
you're gonna do something and then not
do it who are you my ex-husband man did
you just rat her out
yeah she's so boring
Frank reso Reza resolutions hey I'm at a
party and someone who made a New Year's
resolution last you to stop ratting
people out just ratted someone out I'm
on my way she'd ask for the address
before I hang up
oh that's disgusting I fully thought
that was a chocolate it was obviously an
olive it was on the cheese plate I think
that's obvious oh it was unlocked ah
resolutions resolutions you're under
arrest
Frank Beatrice Frank B Beatrice you look
you look one moment I have to make a
work call so I'm sorry
Beatrice Rezo hi there I think you need
to come and arrest me
what for I made a new year's resolution
to get over my ex so that's never gonna
happen
which is amazing Oh Frank you know I
would admit I didn't think you were
gonna take the script in this direction
yeah but you know it's a New Year's
video people like a bit of a happy
ending
middle romance don't they just sorry on
that note though I watched I mentioned
this on Twitter so I'm sorry to bring it
up again
but I watched a period drama recently
it's like you know 10 episodes 10
one-hour episodes and they didn't even
kiss in the end I don't know if you
watch period dramas but you don't watch
heavily clothed people talking about
nothing in fields for that long to not
see them kiss it's ridiculous I want
those riders arrested you always need a
romantic ending sorry glad glad to have
you back nut I'm glad to have you guys
back too anyway let me know in the
comments below what New Year's
resolutions have you broken and what you
use resolutions do you plan on breaking
sorry oh I will reword that if you feel
like it feel free to share what new
year's resolutions you've broken and
what ones you plan on breaking I should
stop saying let me know it's so
demanding you know like a period drama
with no kissing in the end I should
really let that go
anyway hope you guys are well and I hope
that we can pick up where we left off
you were gonna cook something I was
going to wear that perfume you got me
was gonna be great no I actually have
already written a script for next week's
video so I will see you guys in 2017 no
peeking
picking breeze Beatrice what's my name
freeze fuck I'm gonna need you to put
these on what for I don't know think you
look kind of good in them I do look
awesome in handcuffs
