hi so you know in scary movies when
killers are killing people and crossing
them off their lists why do they need a
list like how many names do you have to
remember one two three at most you can't
remember that what happens when they
lose their lists
hey um Melissa hey you haven't seen like
a list around have you what kind of list
it's just like a list and it's got some
names on it and like a couple of crossed
off in blood what Oh blood I thought you
said blood no I haven't it's probably in
the car thank you or not you should
probably take better care of things like
you'll always lose you moments pretty
irresponsible yeah thanks and I can't
help but think wouldn't it be great if
they got their lists mixed up yeah
no like is it a thing that they have
poor memories because I don't think this
is gonna happen this is aa thought I did
this five minutes ago everybody took I
think I did this like two minutes ago
nobody oh wow and you know I get that
names are hard to remember but is this
really gonna happen
you can take anything that you want huh
I don't want anything except revenge
Natalie what do you want revenge for
well Lorelei I would know that but I
lost my list I don't really remember
what was on my list but why else would
your name
Lorelei be in my head today well it is
my birthday I'll be there that's right
when it's the first of July think of
Lorelei you're a cancer yeah patient but
empathetic in nature anyway let me know
in the comments are you the kind of
person who keeps lists or be are you the
kind of person who doesn't and then
forgets everything let me know in my
last video I asked you were crossing a
road would you cross the road and let
the other person look after themselves
or would you want to make sure you cross
together and the majority of you said
screw the other person I'm looking after
myself which says a lot about my
subscribers on that very comforting note
I will let you guys go I hope you're all
well and I will see you in a week
bye okay it's funny music / comment time
and Liam I completely think you should
second-guess your fiance when I cross
the road I flashed into Band of Brothers
mode I want loyalty all the way and you
know what guys it was really hard to
hold my
and it took me like four takes and then
when I got to the editing part I was
really sad because like mono you have
all people hands and then I realized
bitch you got to get some younger look
at hands maybe then someone else would
hold your hand in a video but then again
probably not
