hi so you know it's great helping
parents with technology because when you
solve something like this I just can't
get any sound to happen your speakers
aren't on they flip out and it's like
you're a fucking rock star so all you
need to do is turn on your speakers how
did you do that oh I just turn on you
are a genius no it's really you are a
genius yeah
to be fair though that's kind of how I
am when someone helps me open a jar ah
there we go
thank you you saved my life okay it's
just peanut butter no seriously you
saved my life please don't shoot me
here's the peanut butter ma but the
difference is that I genuinely think
older people hear something different
when you talk to them about technology
so if I say so this is a computer they
hear this is a fucking time machine it's
just fucking crazy and you'll never
understand it so when I say something
like now make sure you don't download
viruses they here download viruses and
then the offensive thing of course is
then when something goes wrong with
their computer they try and blame you
well it was working fine before you
hopped on here did you download a virus
me you old people fucking love clicking
on pop-up ads Oh a pop-up ad click that
and it's like you go out there trying to
find viruses to download a virus I
should download that because I'm an old
person I love viruses nasty I'm joking
when I make fun of older people because
when young kids talk to me these days
I've got no idea what they say I mean I
should probably do it right Yello
here's your low s MH not s MH hashtag
hilarious yeah I had to look up Yolo
like a loser see back in my day the cool
cat said you haven't seen this are you
for cereal man that was a great time the
same time it was cool to say not at the
end of everything yeah you could play
with my tazos not easily impressed
another good thing about helping out all
the people there so easily impressed
where is that noise - mobile phone
ringing clever girl and you know then
they go and tell their friends how great
you are
we should get her to look at your phone
she is a genius is that so it's what
they say yeah that's right I am too
parents what newspapers out of homeless
people the solution to everything
and on that horribly insensitive note
make sure you check out comedy week it's
happening on YouTube at the moment a big
focus on comedy a lot of fun videos
coming out people are also making
playlists I'm making one as well of some
of the videos that I've enjoyed and
hopefully you enjoy them as well in the
meantime though don't forget to thumb me
and let me know what has been one of the
easiest solutions you've ever solved for
an old person when it comes to
technology and I will see you guys in a
week bye ru for cereal yeah I used to
say that all the time and I used to wear
hats like this cuz Alex Mac wore her
hats like this okay it's porno music
flash comment time and thank you for
telling me your mini bar story guys
apart from this $12 Powerade story most
of them are incredibly non adventurous
and I have concluded that all of you are
pretty much tied up as as well I did
however like hearing about the common
practice of eating things from the
minibar and then replacing them later
with things you buy how cheap is that
and thank you I had to stick it on my
face with sticky tape because I don't
know how rich people keep these monocles
up but that's how I roll I'd tape shit
to my face
yeah put that quote on my grave
