hi so you know what I love when
hairdressers show you the back of your
head when you get your hair cut yeah
because I really care about what the
back looks like you could literally be
making a face on the back of my head and
I wouldn't care wait a minute but one of
the other things that I love doing I
remember this on my trip to LA last week
is I loved getting two hotel rooms and
then getting really angry at the prices
of things in mini bars can't wait to get
angry about the prices and the mini bar
hilarity and it's kind of strange
because everybody knows it's expensive
but I always act like I'm really
surprised Oh me bar wonder how much
things cost what
Pringles eight dollars unbelievable and
even though I never want anything I feel
it's my duty as a tight-ass to read the
entire list and get angry cut four bucks
how much for this tell me how much what
four dollars crazy seven bucks for water
how three dollars fell that's not bad
because seriously I can't think of a
situation where I would be okay to pay
that I need something to drink
oh how much is the ahh
seven bucks oh I would so rather duh in
fact I think the only situation would be
okay is if a friend of mine was dying
what can I do I could really use some
water can you pay me back yeah I find it
kind of strange how I enjoy getting
angry at the prices the water is seven
dot da lers Erin told you later bye you
have one new voicemail hey if you I just
don't want you to forget you're in a
hotel where the water is seven dollars
and because I'm a psycho about it if I
travel with somebody in there like and
I'm kind of peckish I think I want
something to eat or drink oh if you want
we can go get some food ah don't worry
about I'll just get something from the
minibar we'll go out later
money am i the monopoly man again and
that's what it's like to be a tight-ass
no see I spend my money on things that I
don't need to all the time like this
unsolved mysteries mug say what I bought
this costume say what this Elvis belt
that I can't wait because it doesn't fit
me but I bought it anyway I bought
matching fabric so I could make my cat a
cat betting my shelf that matched my
furniture say what I even bought this
chocolate makeup set so that I could do
this chocolate makeup chocolate makeup
but then I was like as if I'm not gonna
do this oh girls just wanna have fun
I love novelty shaped chocolate hey it's
like my thing Judy drops note do you
smoke no do you drink no what do you do
I collect novelty shaped chocolate great
but yeah to this day I've never actually
had anything from a mini mini bar a bar
fridge from a hotel let me know if you
have let me know what it was
were you dying and how much it was I
would love to gawk what the prices yeah
let me know but the reason I was in LA
was because I was doing a video with a
bunch of other youtubers for the social
star awards I'll link it on my Facebook
and my Twitter I got to finally meet
Shane Dawson which I've been dying to do
I got to hang out with Wong foo again
and I got to meet Freddie which was
awesome I also met Jenna Marbles I don't
have a photo so this is kind of pretty
close um I also met nigahiga I met local
artis so thank you to youtube who had me
along and I apologize for not having a
video up last week ah while I was in LA
I also went to Magic Castle I got to be
in a magic act I almost cried because I
love magic that much was great I also
went to a Dodgers there are Dodgers in a
Lakers game which is good
don't really get sport but I totally get
the food and the beverages that they
serve at them so thank you for that and
yes let me know what foods you've eaten
and I will see you guys soon bye I'd
rather watch that Katy Perry movie again
I'd rather marry Chris Brown rather
fracking I don't know good eat okay it's
pointing music / comment time and holy
 man
yes every time I've owned an eraser I've
lost it I have never used one fully a
lot of you mentioned you have the same
problem with chap sticks which makes me
ask this question why does so many of
you have dry lips you know making that
20 cent coin cost you actually meant my
sandwich for work the next day
yeah no foil short-term thinking on my
behalf and thank you so much that
actually means a lot because it's really
hard to find a comfortable Chesterfield
and that folks is a sign that I'm
getting old because I now care about
couches mainly because my couch hugs me
at night and it can't run away
