hi so you know how flies just love going
inside of a house and then losing their
minds trying to figure out how to get
back out again it's that window doesn't
open it's not that the door is over
there come on door come on don't you
just wish you could talk to them
hey hey oh my goodness I'm the fly down
I just need to find a way to get out of
here well why did you even come in in
the first place I don't I don't I don't
know I just I've no no no no I don't
like this hand thing that flies dude
what are you doing it looks like you're
hatching some kind of evil plan I'm just
thinking I do this when I think yeah
stop it this is stop it
you want me to up this stop this is
freaking you out gonna stop you want me
stop stop you okay okay
ah sorry it's habit you just go out the
door that you came in no no that's
that's the glass the doors come on see I
don't know what's happening at fly
school but they need to get glass on the
curriculum ASAP so this is dangerous all
right guys I want to make sure that you
avoid excuse me Christy what is that
note same young larvae what have I told
you about using this kind of language my
friends say that glass is real last is
not real my friend says that glass is
real and I'm sick of everyone sheltering
us I think we deserve to know what's up
I've had enough of that I want you to go
to the principal's office now ah
so lameness it's wrong with this door
it's so heartbreaking because they're so
close to the goal you know it becomes a
team sport you're trying to usher them
out here is the door here is where it
opens come on come on come on yes yes No
why did you come back in anyway to be
fair a fly coming in is a pretty big
thing in my day so yeah I shouldn't
complain hello hey Sam you won't believe
what happened it's not another fly
that's just come in your house is it
yeah see when I started writing this
video I thought this could be great and
I know what you're thinking this video
is great time flies when you're having
fun
sorry found fly jokes gonna share them
what kind of fly lands on food
butterflies
why did the fly land on a computer
because it got stuck on the web why did
the man try to buy the fly he saw it in
the shop window you come here for the
gold and I deliver it anyway I hope you
guys are super swell and I will see you
soon until then it's porno music /
comment time so yes firstly I did buy
those potato chips for that video and
yes I have been eating them unless I'm
gonna die because of it who I don't
think you meant to eat that many chips
what did she die of
too much consumption of chips you could
have left them news by date wasn't 4
years
I don't know so she panicked and wow I
had no idea that Wi-Fi sharing Wi-Fi
people did guest networks for their
friends coming over I just want you guys
to know it wasn't a monetary reason or a
data reason I didn't like people you
know asking for why fights because I'm
old and grumpy and I think it's rude to
be on your phone at people's houses also
Paulo I made those ripoff clothes I'm
glad someone noticed because they cut up
a shirt that I kind of liked and then I
had to sew it back together again I took
it with me and I forgot that I had cut
it in half so I ended up sewing it and
wearing it to bed who says my partner
don't get the sex at times speaking of
which Owen I'll have you know you're
wrong I've been tall I'm really bad at
sex so suck it buddy
who's the loser now
