hi can you believe it's been four days
already God time flies when you lie like
how time flies when you hold your breath
can you believe I held my breath for an
hour
that wasn't an hour unbelievable no like
that wasn't it unbelievable but yes you
know the thing is work got a lot busier
than I had ever anticipated and in my
head work was gonna be like this hello
yes no you're fired Natalie could you
sign this for me it's so good-looking
and listen I know you've only been here
like 25 minutes but they're gonna make
you CEO and major shareholder what does
that mean I don't know you wrote this
script it's a great script we can have
sex later but it's not it's actually
like this ah the thumbs up but ya know I
do apologize although it probably comes
across the same way as kids do when
they're forced to apologize Natalie if
you want to go home and watch your
grades you tell Vidya that you're sorry
I'm sorry Lydia yeah I was always the
kid that lost out on that arrangement
hey Lydia you tell national sorry I'm
not gonna say I'm sorry cuz I'm tired I
need to go she did say she was sorry she
didn't say it but ya know I do actually
mean my apology and you know the most
one of the most upsetting things about
not releasing a video in ages was that
my last video up was this one which
meant I had to deal with this scenario
my friend told me that you make youtube
videos and that you
user name is communitychannel yeah look
when I looked you up there was just like
this video of this Asian gangster man
that's racist but kind of accurate see
the tough thing about growing up as an
Asian kid well couple of the tough
things growing up an Asian kid racism
everyone thinking you're really good at
maths actually secretly being super good
at maths and people not knowing if
you're a boy or girl
Goten you know loading on the go c'mon
Tama know my job go with Haney I don't
go to Johnny Depp I don't give him
Pirates of the Caribbean thank you guys
so much for your incredibly kind
comments on YouTube Facebook and Twitter
I love reading them so thank you so much
for sending them through and oh my god
how did I not mention sitting in the
video I've been dying to show you this
for four months or however long it's
been I ate this ice cream and inside of
it was another ice cream I took a photo
of it for you guys but this is the thing
that really upset me in hindsight right
is I took a photo of this weird thing
and then I ate it like I didn't save it
so I could show anyone or prove it I
just ate it it's like what happens if I
ever come across an extinct animal I'll
take a photo of it then shoot it than
eat it because I'm just that kind of
person how to control but ya know I'm
sorry
anyway thank you guys so much for
listening to that story and for waiting
and I will see you in I don't want to
say because I don't want to get in
trouble but it's porno music / comment
time and I mentioned this on Twitter and
Facebook but my mom had never actually
seen the original chanel ad but she
calls me up after I upload that one and
she's like hey Matt that you just you
look just like grandpa and that one
likes super great acting thanks mom
you're crazy woman and I love this
comment I really liked it in my video
comments we're teaching each other how
to pronounce high-fashion labels Brad
Pitt would be proud but if only people
knew they're right that jinx can't be
Brad Pitt I don't know what you're
talking about
cuz to my mom this looked just like him
she hasn't even seen the act
