hi so I kind of love awkward moments do
pimple on my face can't see it
say what you get both NAT its massive
and one of the awkward things I love
seeing is somebody's private picture
when they're showing me something on
their phone
oh it was amazing actually our photos
I'll show you it must be after these
photos it's so good because people
always have the strangest photos on
their phone queues don't you've never
seen photos of it I wanted to find your
shoe I had to show my boyfriend a photo
of it and you know oh my god where is
his photo
she knows you know it's like when people
forget that they were looking at
something strange on their web browser
the address for it must be a virus or
something straight I love the awkward
moment so much I started doing this
thing where I put really strange photos
of myself on my phone just in case this
beautiful day let me show
but seriously are you yeah I don't know
but the photo thing got me thinking what
would somebody think if they went
through the photos on your phone so I
went through the photos of my phone just
before this video and I realized it's
just a shitload of cat photos this one
photo of me and Santa and then I photo
me holding a biscuit and then just a
buttload of photos of me in front of
fish I I really wanted to remember for
those moments but I'd love to know go
through your phone right now and tell me
what would somebody think if they went
through the pictures of your phone and
let me know what the weirdest picture on
your phone is as well I'd love to know
and speaking of pictures by the way I
also bumped into these lovely folks who
sent in their pictures thank you very
much was nice to meet you as always and
for the rest of you let me know what I
would think before I met you if I saw
the pictures on your phone and I will
see you guys in five days
bye by the way I have to go out and buy
like a fake iphone toy thing because I
don't have a cool phone script it's a
bad story won't include this one in the
video okay it's porno music slash
comment time and floss 1 0 1 1
yeah I get that too with your agent
everyone always tries to copy you're
exempt what sucks left me is that they
would copy me and still be me
you never understood how that happened
and yeah I wonder if you guys understand
me sometimes my mum thinks not and holy
 I want to see taken to as well you
will be jaqen I can't believe they made
a sequel and why is he saying you top
this because YouTube hates you you
really need
