hi so here's a question for you why is
it so fucking hard to repack things
it's like shit expands or something if
I've opened a box it's like I've given
birth nothing is going back in why is my
life so hard but when it comes to
repacking it seriously is and everyone's
all like it's not hard and all came in
the box you just to put it back exactly
where cut off the lips see easy ha ha
inadequacies you know it's just like
when you're looking at maps because
everyone looks at maps a lot and then
this will all be part of my kingdom and
a map should be easy because it's like
excellent excellent maps have creases
where you fold but just have to fold it
exactly where the creases are and it
alone crap but you know it's like when
you're in a shop and you're just trying
to look at a shirt and refold it the
same way it was before you picked it up
and it doesn't work it just looks drunk
and then that sounds assistant gets all
shitty following me around folding stuff
stupid fish but I was thinking how
awesome would it be if when you repacked
you at least got a sign that you were
heading in the right direction like
Tetris
Schwing
oh I hate these ones they never fit but
then it get it'd be nice if you just got
reassurance in everyday situations
look dude baby I know but yeah it just
blows my mind that at some point this
thing fit in this package or box or
whatever I think something like this
must have that's lovely because that's
the only explanation I can come up with
that's right the only explanation it
couldn't possibly be that it's my fault
and I'm a coordinated or anything like
that but yes also apologize about this
video being a day late I had troubles
with my hard drive which meant I had to
constantly hear this is why you should
always back up your stuff twice so it's
kind of your own fault if you did back
things up twice
you should always back things up twice
I'm back your face up twice but yeah I
apologize because of my harddrive
problems I wasn't able to get yet either
mr. Sheffield video I talked about in my
last video I know it's really tough and
you're probably losing sleep because me
and this week is plugs pretty sexy who
said that in the meantime though don't
forget to thumb it let me know if you
sympathize with any of my repacking
problems otherwise just leave me some
love try and make some and I will see
you guys in a week bye
looking sexy oh my god you look so hot
what a sexy man who said that I make a
sexy woman too okay it's funny music /
comment time and Hania saying you know
that bottle was actually a prop but I
know a lot of you were worried but don't
worry it was just one of those fake
bottles but a subscriber sold it to me
and I was really embarrassed because
when he asked when the next video was a
hike when you sell me this bottle
because I have to break something in
case they don't laugh at my other jokes
yeah really confident in my ability and
my cat is still around she's just to
make a bitch now and if she lets me
touch her I will show you her next video
she's huge now and speaking of huge if I
was censoring out my penis buddy that
box would have been a whole lot bigger
than that trust you me it's massive
