hi so you know what I hate when somebody
pulls the whole what's that worth it
starts with a bee oh that's right it's
the word that doesn't start with a be
routine while I'm looking for system
being brazen no it's like regular no
student crass yes
crass it was like super crass house
doesn't start with a B and I know it's a
psychotic thing to get angry about but
when you say something like that word
I'm looking for
start of the B you've made it a
competition between this person and
myself and I need some wins in my life
buddy I've only had like three Oh really
need a pin oh I have one pen what you
had a talk thanks net you're awesome
that was nice
thanks dad for the best
so I need some wins and you're throwing
in your misleading clues you're spoiling
it for me now those people who tell me
what I would have told them a story then
Rachel gets like super angry and she's
like I don't to come last
so she ain't told me this story and then
they turn around but she's in first
place and she doesn't that's the only
funny story I know it seriously is and
then Rachel's are like Turner I don't
want to be agile that's the only funny
story I know and you know I get it it's
hard to remember things sometimes but
how do you remember things so
inaccurately Oh what was that guy's name
Anthony Andrew Albert Alastair Ashley
Ryan it was Brian with a murder your
face cuz you don't see me all do you
remember that time you do doll what no
sorry you know what no no no don't you
walked it you walked your dog what is
wrong not I'm saying anyway let me know
if you do otherwise let me know if you
know there's annoying people who don't
remember things properly and then give
the wrong clue so you should be like me
I remember everything
I remember if I say I'm gonna put a
video up in four days six months later
boom maybe a video see my mom had a
really good time by the way reading
through comments which made fun of me
not uploading videos the congratulations
you made you the one thing I can't make
my mother smile yeah but anyway sorry
tails are ask if you can think of any
words that are similar to in the sphere
of doesn't have to be a synonym for the
word crust that start with a B because I
ran out while I was filming brazen
bragging ly and looking back I had
complete control why did I just change
the script mmm boy stur
I actually struggled in a situation that
didn't even exist yeah that's super cool
and I will see you super cool people in
four days bye okay it's born in music
slash comment time and you know this
first slide of the comments that made my
mum laugh just for you mum and speaking
which she actually disagreed with you
ILI's PCH
she thought the Platinum here was an
ugly look for me and told me not to do
it again that's why I didn't get used
for my last video and what do you mean
queen of the singlet I don't know what
it means that I'll take it and you know
I love that the only reason you could
give this person to not unsubscribe to
me is that it was free not that you
liked it no no nothing like that it's
free just stick with it because nothing
I'll take it though
