hi so I had some people come over to my
house recently and one of them asked hey
what's your Wi-Fi password and I mean I
kind of get it
Wi-Fi at home is great but so is being
in your PJs and I don't come to your
house all you guys have soy milk here
right and I get that sometimes people
just need the net but when they ask like
that it makes me feel like one of those
shops that you just go into to use the
restroom and that makes me act like one
of the shopkeepers that make you buy
something before you can use the
restroom and then I end up buying a
packet of potato chips even though I
don't want them and then the shopkeeper
gives me a key attached to something
giant because somebody keeps stealing
keys apparently and then I go home and
add the potato chips to my giant
never-ending pile of potato chips so you
want you want me to buy something first
no that wasn't my point I mean I
understand how you got lost it was a
long story yeah it was a really long
time and you lost me pretty quick I had
no idea what you again I just I just
meant I want to feel like you want to be
here you know I'm more than just Wi-Fi
but if you do want to buy something I
have a lot of potato chips oh no it's
okay I don't really like potato chips
odo you can you can just have some for
free like just takes nah it's okay you
know what just take some like be polite
unbelievable anyway I do kind of feel
like Wi-Fi passwords are a big deal
though you know it goes first date kiss
under the shirt action explaining why
there's nothing under the shirt Wi-Fi
password marriage this is me I had a
really nice time tonight
yeah it was okay I mean we could have
parked closer to the restaurant it was
like a five-minute walk yeah but there
was parking right outside it could have
been like a one minute walk
okay well despite that I'd really like
to see you again I I really like you
what's your water stop sorry I'm just
I'm just not ready I don't want to give
you my Wi-Fi and then I wake up tomorrow
and you're not here why would I be here
it's just Wi-Fi
kids these days no values it feels so
personal for a few reasons right one you
didn't have to set up my internet that
was painful yeah hi I'm sorry I just
call you because no one showed up to
install the Internet today yeah it's
five eight - mmhmm yep
seven seven zero hello hello you yeah
I'm waiting yeah that's right I just
referenced another video but - I also
have really dumb password and I don't
like saying them out loud hey now what's
your Wi-Fi password
um it's fast password yeah what's your
password yeah my password is password Oh
NAT and three it's just kind of weird
it's like if I came to your house and
then in five minutes started using your
electricity to charge all my batteries
or using your phone to make
long-distance phone calls hey it's me
had London no I will not tell you how I
got your number you know or if I just
started like going through your
underwear drawer okay you know what that
last one it's not really like that no
it's not the same at all this is weird
it's kind of inappropriate yes but more
than all of that for and this is
probably the crux of it it hurts my ego
a little you know it suggests to me that
our conversation isn't good enough
because you want to use the Internet at
the same time and like anyone else who
spends a lot of time on the Internet I
need a lot of attention I'm sorry for
asking I don't I don't need it no no I'm
sorry I just I just want to make sure
you know we talk and enjoy each other's
company you know you can always have the
internet we don't always get this let's
talk you know like they did before the
net like how are you I'm well thanks so
I got a call from and if you have the
day I'm really worried about it she
sounded really scared
I'm well - I'm well also thanks you know
this is great I'm loving the human
interaction I crave it
since I'm online all the time how are
you yeah not too bad
actually have a bit of an exciting story
I love it let's listen we wouldn't have
heard this if you'd been on the net tell
me okay well I was just walking down
this street like it was a usual day and
then I remembered I was meant to go to a
choir I forgot how boring real
conversation is this is hard I hope I
look like I'm listening Oh what if I do
this yeah that's also bad what's
happening online and why just check my
phone I don't know why but just kind of
makes me feel a little bit used unless
somebody's working or traveling of
course you know and I've tried to hint
it in the past hangout
what's your Wi-Fi network called it's I
don't give out my Wi-Fi password unless
my friends are working or on holidays
and yeah I found it what's its password
its password yeah what is it
yeah it's password your password is
password because I thought it was one of
those things that was so obvious that
people wouldn't do it I didn't realise
that everyone did it but hinting never
works man I'm hungry you want to you
want to have a snack like some chips or
something yeah there's some shots down
the road if you want to go yeah but like
I have a lot of chips here if you want
to grab some potato chips potato chips
are great that's why I have so many yeah
I don't really feel like potato chips
maybe we could grab what am I gonna what
am I gonna do with these things
anyway are you guys the same or are you
the person who asks for Wi-Fi maybe it's
a thing now maybe I'm just being all get
off my lawn about it probably speaking
of being weird though big shout out to
these guys by the way it was lovely to
meet you
I found a vegan gelato shop and I just
kept going to it this week I think I
went every single day this week and it
went from we're excited to see you too
why do you come here so much so I'm
sorry that is weird and I also apologize
for the eclectic release of videos
lately if you missed it I uploaded this
video last week then I uploaded a video
for my niece which was a little bit
different but look at it she's the
cutest then I uploaded this strange
video and now it's back to this ah I'm
like that train trip that you are
research on Trip Advisor everyone tells
you it might be fun but it's not you
should have just flown anyway hope you
guys are well and I will see you soon
bye okay it's funny music slash comment
I'm I'm sorry no there's a ton of videos
I'm going to do a couple from each but I
will make it up
start with the Johnny Depp video and you
know what you were correct I did have
that hat already isn't that weird that
is the first time that I've wanted in
public though so I'm glad a lot of
people saw it and in the video about
naming babies I'm sorry to all the
people whose names I mentioned in the
video I actually tried to avoid using
names and I was like ah I'm just gonna
hurt their feelings no I'm sorry I love
all your names I'm sure I do all of them
what a weird thing to say and now to the
time-traveling video yeah look a lot of
people commented on why I was so shiny
in the human robot thing and why the
human robots had pointy ears I didn't
think it through I just got really
excited that's the weird thing to say
was like ah
we'll do a sci-fi scene oh I'll have
ears and I'll be a human robot didn't
think it through
it's okay and you know what my heart my
world when you uh skips grab and find
out a scary man comes to I'm only joking
something happens in your pants in the
nether I'll just stop you know what I
mean you know
