hi so you don't I don't understand when
people turn to me and say I have to tell
you something but you have to promise me
you won't get angry because of course
I'm gonna say yeah sure I promise
promise I'll get angry okay I
accidentally told somebody about your
third people what are you sorry sorry
he doesn't nipple come up in
conversation but you promised you
wouldn't get angry so like seriously you
think my promise means something what am
i some kind of Lord of the Rings
character you have my promise and a
wizard doesn't take promises lightly but
you promise promise things all the time
it doesn't mean anything
you promise that zero is - yup you
promise this is safe to drink yeah
ah I'm gonna die now you have to promise
me you're going to go back and get help
yeah you got for sure but really do
people seriously think they're getting
someone to promise not to get angry
works because that shit hasn't worked
for me I have some news for you though
promise you won't get angry yeah sure
what is it a fuck G cat what and I kind
of feel like it's a counterproductive
measure you know it's like when someone
says to me hey promise you won't panic
and then I'm all you know and once I was
even honest about getting angry
do you promise you won't get angry nope
but if you don't promise I can't tell
you well then don't tell me
just promise I promise I won't get horny
you already promised that today and you
broke it I don't know I just it was
strange to bargain someone's emotions
for information if I ever wanted
information I just flash
tell me know tell me okay okay I promise
a lot of things kid but yeah no I did
promise I'd have the CEO up in two days
and I appreciate all the time you'd
given me in between videos to sort
things out including the unpacking of my
new place just a spoonful of sugar some
Essendon down the middle and I thought
the break was going well until this girl
came up to me and asked me if I was
Michelle Phan and then I realized it's
probably about time I get back to
YouTube no it's ok a lot of people ask
me if I'm Michelle Phan which is really
just offensive for Michelle Phan yeah
I'm Michelle Phan before the Mogul
anyway um thank you also do these guys
who I had a wonderful time bumping into
it was a pleasure meeting you as always
and I apologize if I forgotten some
people's photos it's been a while so I
may have lost a bit feel free to send it
again
and also have some very exciting news
for you I got a kid in say hi say hi to
YouTube YouTube love cats like I love
you I spent all day making her love me
please don't leave me I love you please
and love you and the great thing is
because she's a pet she has to love me
you have nowhere else to go
okay I'm so glad I'm back crazy cat lady
on YouTube I will see you guys in four
days stop Cora my boob
bye really hurts in the most delightful
way you have my promise chosen one and
you are not one I would wish to break it
to hey man how come you're single more
money more Poppins hey Natalie what's it
like to be a YouTube star okay it's
funny music slash comment time and yes
that is an Oprah shirt I am actually now
the proud owner of two Oprah shirts my
friend was trying to throw them out I
was like you gotta swear those out give
them to me I will use them and yes many
apologies by the way and that when I say
two days I mean about 48 hours from
uploads so the next video will be
approximately four days which is about
96 hours from now so I mentioned that
because a lot of people get confused but
basically 96 hours or in Natalie time
that's about to use a joke I'll see you
guys soon
