hi so it's recently doing that thing
where you try and sign up for username
and then you remember that every single
user name under the Sun is already taken
okay natalie tran take natalie t tran
take it alright how about this Natalie
likes Mariah Carey taken okay that's
bullshit no one likes Mariah Carey what
about this take what the fuck and I know
there are millions of other people
trying to sign up as well but seriously
who is taking all the crazy usernames my
name is Maddie and I collect usernames
basically if I see something in the day
like flowers a shoe a phone a fucking
tissue I sign that shit up as a username
back to front front to back any way I
can I use it I mean it's kind of weird
to me that everyone's always like Maddie
why you click usernames Maddie why can't
you leave people's eyelashes alone
Maddie why do you eat the ice cream
after its melted people are just jealous
yeah I don't know if you guys haven't
managed to get the username you want now
ain't that a geek point of discussion
it's almost as hot as when I ask this
look when I have Tampa tell aunt Dahlia
you need to stop you need to stop yeah I
don't know usually I repeat things and
change the emphasis and hope that it's
flirting defecate purse don't forget
your purse
stop it you stop it and what's even
strange to me the suggestions that they
give you it's like they're saying I look
sorry you couldn't have what you wanted
here's something completely different
what can I offer you can't grab an
orange juice we're all out of orange
juice buds how about a lollipop yeah
maybe a water if you've got a water I
don't know a lot of people want water
but look no one wants the lollipop do
you want a lollipop
you know I'm just don't just something
to drink I'm kind of thirsty you can
have this no one wants this you can have
this lollipop now I'll give it to you
yeah okay I do it anyway yeah I've never
managed to grab an awesome username it's
probably why I ended up with this but I
did have a pur managed to grab some
photos and some lovely people so thank
you very much for sending them in
especially to this guy because I think I
asked you what kind of ice cream
eating really aggressively but I meant
to ask it really enthusiastically
because it looked good so I apologize I
think I scared you yeah anyway let me
know if you've ever snagged an awesome
username let me ever know if you've ever
snagged an awesome you got it but um you
know let me know and otherwise let me
know if you have any tricks of the trade
because sometimes I like to add like a
mess in front of or a mr. or they say in
front and then is hot at the end and
it's all taken so I don't know what to
do so if you have any tricks let me know
as well otherwise have a wonderful
weekend and I will see you guys soon
see you soon bye okay it's probably
music / comment time and inspector I
love the idea of awkward silences when
you're actually in a TV show that sounds
hilarious and PS you're a model X please
and that chick called roses on my
favorite comments ever an actually
spirit lady's man was on videotape not
DVD yeah I'm getting that old and you
know what I hear a lot of you have left
me for this other one it's okay I'm used
to it it's nothing you it's not like I
have a part already
