hi so when I was a kid this is me as a
kid yeah I know hot stuff
one of the things that used to scare me
the most was when people would have used
counting as a threat well Matt stop
playing with your shadow it's weird but
it's my best friend I'm never gonna
betray it
I'm never gonna betray I'm gonna count
to three and you better stop playing
with your shadow before I count to three
series one oh that she gave it up to or
whatever with you later
thank you so the other week when I was
babysitting I decided to use the same
technique or I asked you 10 minutes ago
to turn off the television I'm serious
I'm going to count to three and this
television better be off by the time I
count to three one two and then I
realized I have no idea what you're
meant to do if you actually hear three
two and a half and at first I was just
annoyed that I hadn't picked a bigger
number 79 but then it got me thinking
how is counting scary I mean really I
could have threatened to do anything
you're a manager I'm gonna sing time
after time and this television better be
off by the time I sing the final course
lying in my bed I hear the clock ticking
think of you if you're lost you can look
and you um times you pick up ah but a
Bubba this is the instrument but but I
time after time okay good night although
now I think about a death trap would
probably work but you know what I'm
talking about right when you're a kid
and someone says they get a count to
three you know something's going to
happen you don't know what it is but you
know it's going to happen
three what happens now
something will happen what a loser like
anything happens because I always happen
to me when I did something naughty
Natalie you better not go to bed without
brushing your teeth don't think it
happens if you go to bed without
brushing your teeth bub okay but it
always ended so well I'll be later
bastard
that's weed then now that I think about
it it's what I'm talking about how to
threaten children online you shouldn't
do it with my real life friends now I'm
only joking I don't have real life
friends but yes no tell me how did your
parents threaten you in your child like
how did they scare you into doing things
let me know why I don't know I'm
collecting creepy information about the
Internet so far highest-rated think
people who watch community channel
videos
boom now I'm only joking for some reason
I read and hire no seriously yeah I love
you guys
I missed you thank you for all your
comments in the last video and I will
see you in four days
bye okay it's putting music / comment
time into Nick 0:06 - I'm so sorry for
the last comment time I was only joking
and to everyone else bugger off I know
how to draw a moustache I draw them all
the time wait what and the latter dread
I'm trying to imagine my mum find used
condoms in my bin but then I'm just
confused because I don't know how they
got there
even in fantasy and thanks Peter Potter
I work hard on my greatness and oh my
god dude wait till you discover porn
 gonna blow your mind
