hi so you know what I hate such a good
book thanks for letting it to me that
I'm so glad that I risk the corner of a
page oh yeah I have to doggie Eric cuz I
didn't have a bookmark
but seriously as a nerd in a book lover
y'all just can't turn the corners on
somebody's book page it's very
disrespectful
I've been equated to if I came into your
land room and flashed you where you're
watching your favorite TV program I
watched a guy yeah yeah yeah I know it's
all that some things people do just
really turn me off and then I don't want
my things anymore hey thanks for letting
me the shirt oh no worries did you end
up wearing yeah I wore it to see that
banner I told you at all and Robert
showed up you guys hooked up when you
weren't this yeah I know right I can't
believe it I've liked over the longest
time I didn't know you sure you don't
want one yeah that's cool
thanks okay actually do you mind if I
have a sip I've never tried new before
yeah thanks yeah it's okay you can give
this off that's cool
so yes many of my possessions have had
to be cast to the side because I have an
inability to feel comfortable with the
physical contact or meddling of other
humans in my bubble hey nad star you got
a pen yeah geez
like ruin oh yes seriously that's how I
feel about friends with a doggy in my
books thankfully however my friends
these days and they're all online so the
only thing we share that we read at chat
transcripts
stop it you're too much but you know
what else has been too much Los Angeles
where I've been participating in my own
reality TV show I was going to Universal
Studios Hollywood I was like oh they
treated me completely like a VIP which
I'm totally used to but I was a little
bit confused because I thought I was
auditioning but I wasn't and it's all
available on YouTube now if you click
through on learning plan its YouTube
channel which you can do by clicking the
video here or in the link below in the
meantime let me know if you do the same
thing to people or if you have the same
reaction and don't forget to thumb me
and then apologize for thumbing me
because you've just ruined it now huh
you can just keep this page it's gone
this probably already ruined it anyway
yeah I'll see you guys soon bye okay
it's boring music slash comment time and
it's good to know how many of you out
there playing Neopets play Club Penguin
read fanfiction or write fanfiction all
the legitimate reasons to have you're
minimizing browser reflexes up to shape
and this really upset me I wasn't saying
sux incorrectly last video I know how to
say sucks it's one of my favorite verbs
I was saying suss which is an
abbreviation of the word suspicious as
in it suspicious how this person doesn't
know what gtfo means dude how did you
even find YouTube seriously
welcome to the Internet
