hi hi I'm sorry I know it's Valentine's
Day but I was wondering if we could get
a room tonight uh I'm afraid we only
have two rooms free tonight one is the
standard Junya and the other one is good
Presidential Suite
yeah they sound pretty good baby what
are your thing I don't mind that much
yeah what's the difference between them
uh well the junior suite has a
queen-size bed
walking rain shower and parties and our
Presidential Suite is 800 square meters
it has a separate dining room and
kitchen and marble shower with bars oh
wow um what do you think yeah either all
it's very nice okay yeah well since it's
Valentine's Day so we'll take the
Presidential Suite
hi so this is just a quick video to say
happy Valentine's Day happy Valentine's
Day
usually I'd express love online by
typing something like but people usually
get offended by that and I know when an
images just come from Google search come
on seriously no so happy Valentine's Day
I thought because a lot of loving is
about to happen I would teach you how to
say I love you in a couple of different
languages as well so first off there is
I love you
que llamo Pam ich liebe dich say Oh
Cynthia padam or m/l Aang where's my
Snickers bar is that guy wearing two
hats and of course if Valentine's Day
isn't your kind of holiday then you
should do what I do to celebrate the
increased sales of chocolate worldwide
speaking of worldwide I have been
traveling still I managed to get off my
cruise ship and I landed in some of the
Caribbean island nations and I've been
having a ball I managed to snorkel over
shipwrecks and bribe fish to love me
with bread it works and it's been a
really fun time if you'd like to find
out more about my time in the Caribbean
you should check out the Lonely Planet
page I've linked in the description you
can watch the new video read the blog
and see the pictures there even
meanwhile shower me with comments of
love I hope that they're also rude they
get flagged and I will see you guys in a
couple of days bye okay it's funny music
/ comment time and yes I'm sorry for the
suggestive nudity in my previous video
don't worry though it was only an
illusion once I stood naked in front of
a mirror my reflection cried and thank
you I'm glad some of you paused
here in the newspaper clipping I love
you guys so much that filler text feels
like cheating and nobody you a whore
yeah that her did it see if I slapped
you and said that we've been flirting
