hi so you don't have noise me lighter
versions of things less sugar maximum
taste my maximum boss more than that
when a friend makes some crazy statement
about me like this man this movie sucks
do you mind if I change channel hmm I'm
sorry I forgot that you had trouble
hearing do you mind if I change the
channel wait what
do you mind you I don't have trouble
hearing Hey no it's cool I don't care
what are you talking about I remember
that time we went to Anna's party you
couldn't hear with me to drink what he
wants a drink I can eat
how long have you thought this you know
it's weird how people remember things
and how they choose to interpret them
oh man I'm starving I'm gonna have an
apple or an apple yeah thanks
Matt you want an apple Oh nut hates
apples I don't hate apple you hate
apples she hates them I don't know
apples don't you've always hated apples
remember that time we're waiting for
Andrew
ah no thanks man I'm full I don't hate
apples and for some reason people always
choose to remember the bad things man
I'm pretty thirsty I might go inside and
grab a drink yeah could you grab me one
I don't think that's a good idea
remember how you pissed yourself what
man appears oh yeah yeah it's pretty bad
it was only once I'm joking
it was twice am i joking I don't even
know no it's a strain you know sometimes
my friends say something I've got no
idea where they're getting their
information from just try it look
awesome on you blues your favorite color
please not my favorite color yes it is
what are you talking about nervous of
that remember last week hang out do you
a black pen I can borrow uh I've only
got a blue one sorry man Thanks
try it on it's as though and you say you
like something all of a sudden you love
it and then your pimp dad is like well
if you love it so much you can work
every night and I'm like pimp daddy I
don't want to work every day and then he
hits me with his cane and then I end up
standing on the street corners working
every night then Richard Gere pulls up
in his car he's like I want you to be my
woman my pretty woman yeah I'm sorry
about that that was kind of unexpected
your nose was unexpected though the
really strange cloves are managed by
while I was in Miami yeah I managed to
stop over in Miami Florida and I saw
some really wacky interesting things
there lots of segways lots of big cars a
lot of big other things and if you'd
like to find out more about my time in
Miami if you check out the Learning
Planet page I've linked in the
description you can watch the new video
read the blog and see the pictures there
in the meanwhile don't forget to thumb
me let me know what else you love and
I'll tell you what else I love and you
can send some pics and I had some some
pics back and then your net and you can
block it and I will see you guys soon
bye
how is that anyway Nemo
why do you throw them line up well oh my
fuck okay it's funny music / comment
time and kind of crazy I hate to
disappoint but that's not me I actually
legally have two genders and J Spinks I
don't think I've ever played a game of
hide-and-seek where I haven't just
turned around midpoint and watch people
run away to their hiding spots and Dex
speed walking is for grandmas man it's
their form of daily exercise keep up and
I'm jelly oh I love being people in my
mind I race people in the streets all
the time and they don't even know it and
thanks yeah that's a that's really all I
have to say to that how's that for a
spin
