hi so sometimes I'm a little bit
self-absorbed please leave a message
after the tone
hey you it's just yourself reminding you
how awesome you are and sometimes I'm a
little bit mean oh yes yeah but even I
don't do that awful thing where people
take photos with you and then only like
it if they look good now take a photo oh
dude I don't take a shot I look awesome
ready 1 why I'm sneeze 3 I always need
oh my god it's so hard look are you
serious I look like I'm shooting my
husband stupid you look awesome you look
really hot just go off on Facebook great
and you know I get it everyone wants to
have a good photo of themselves but
Playfair these people they're the ones
who go apeshit if there's a bad photo of
them up close and personal with the
painting 1 2 3 let's go really oh my god
that's fog lead Elena gonna look salute
it no that's fine yeah almost as
annoying as when this happens there's
something in there is nothing there
there is something in my eye people just
constantly disappoint see I don't know
I'm cool with bad photos heaven knows
you guys send me in enough bad photos
and screen caps thanks for that for yeah
I've just noticed how crazy people get
when a bad photos taken of them could
you imagine being that self-obsessed
baby I know but hey on the outside I
could be doing something constructive
with my life imagine that yeah on a
happier note though I managed to stop
over in Dubai land of the world's
biggest everything it's been very
surreal if you'd like to find out more
about my time in Dubai you should check
out the Lonely Planet link I've put in
the description you can watch the new
video read the blog and see the pictures
there in the meanwhile don't forget to
thumb me and let me know have you ever
been a victim of oh my god you're so hot
and if you happen to have a photo could
you put it in a video response because
I'd love to see it and yeah I will see
you guys in a couple of days my god you
look so hot baby I know okay it's porno
music / comment time and you know nam
gyu I think any excuse to scream this is
sparta is a good one and double RJD I
remember my parents friends saying I was
yellow when I was born I was all baby
I'm yellow now
yeah don't worry there's no laughter
than either and Pokemon girl let me
guess you're a fan of Pokemon see I
don't know I was too busy listening to 5
was it 5 5 and s club 7 at that age and
buddy
wah the surprises the world has in store
for you shit is gonna blow your mind
