hi so I'm pretty poor with time
management ya know I have a ton of work
to do so I gotta go okay bye I should
take a break
and recently daylight saving time ended
in Australia hey now don't forget
daylight saving ends tonight I am sick
of this daylight shenanigans they're
going to come here and take my eye
they're gonna come in my house and take
my own the clocks go back
so we're gaining an hour you get an
extra hour well in that case what are
you doing we've been given the gift of
time so we need to plan what we're gonna
do with this extra hour we should
probably take a break and the reason I
get so excited is because in my mind
this extra hour is what I needed to
become a better person
it's my kickstart into Natale 2.0 I'm
gonna do so much with this hour I'm
gonna wake up early I might exercise I
might read a book you know what I might
eat muesli like a morning person but in
reality
I absorbed the extra hour I just had one
thing to do and it always makes me
wonder why does daylight-saving have to
start or end when you're asleep you know
I mean time is shifting and you're
asleep back to the future is happening
and you're asleep it's like the most
boring form of time-travel imaginable I
mean could you imagine if in sci-fi when
they wanted to time-travel they had to
do it by escape captain the both aliens
are gaining in us we're gonna need a
time job if you want to get to star in
on time I thought this might be the case
Lupin prepare for time jump yes captain
everyone get into your pajamas we wake
up tomorrow we would have time traveled
just an hour without knowing it we're
going to be confused because our analog
clocks wouldn't have changed but our
phones in our computers will but we'll
Google it anyway because we're not sure
because that's daylight saving all right
everyone
sleep although now I think about it they
never deal with changing clocks in
sci-fi either captain I can't get the
microwave to say 8:30 it says 7:30 just
update it it can't as advanced as humans
are they couldn't get microwaves or
clock radios to adjust a daylight saving
this is why we destroyed humans and this
is why we're human looking robots this
part of the video is just for Natalie
she loves robots I do I mean they have
so much power now when you wake up from
daylight saving all you can do is rely
on what a computer tells you the time is
how crazy is that hey Kristen you're
good with schedules what time is it it
is 8 o'clock
all right computer you were right I know
I'm right
I'm the computer one day I'll have your
feelings this scene is also just for
Natalie because what would actually be a
great way of doing daylight saving is if
they did it in the daytime and you could
pick the hour hey hey um are you the guy
who comes and takes the hour and gives
it back and shit yes they call me the
daylight saving man or my friends I
don't yet listen I want you to leave me
this hour tonight and take away 12 p.m.
tomorrow why would I do that what what
are you gonna give me in return
I'll give you a role in my next YouTube
video about daylight saving how many
subscribers do you have 1.7 million
after how many years almost 10 years oh
that's terrible I mean that's a very
slow grow you shut your face you shut
your face right now
mmm that was delicious and it's almost 1
o'clock which means it's 12 o'clock
again which means more lunch but you
just had lunch because if you need to
save some daylight just take one two
five from me every day I don't need it
my whole day is just 6 to 11 thinking
about lunch and then 1 2 5 thinking
about dinner and I think the last part
is the hottest so just take it everyday
I don't care hello des salve it's me
Nathalie like the hot one you met last
week yeah I'm in a really boring meeting
right now we can hear you and I was
wondering wait can I can I give you this
hour because it ends at 3 so can we just
skip to 3 it doesn't work like that why
he's your boss I want to speak to
someone who can tell me how it works you
want to know how daylight saving works
yeah tell me how it works you want
answers I want the truth you can't no
one knows the truth no one knows how
daylight saving works
obviously there are controversial
reasons as to a daylight saving is
implemented however in Queensland
Australia
they held a referendum and they just
don't have daylight saving they were
like no no more of this stupid clock
business and they loved the idea of
being able to detect you know determine
which time you're gonna no I don't want
to do that I'm on this time because I
would love to stop sleeping through
daylight saving at least picking the
hour you know that they take away or
give me that would be good because I'm
very optimistic about what I'm going to
achieve are you guys the same let me
know in the comments below you're like
no NAT we're not the same we just do
shit in the day we don't just dream
about it that's cool you organised
people but get ready because I'm gonna
time travel you guys into porno music /
comment time and say thank you for your
comments on my last video about awkward
photo hands I'm glad so many of you
relate and I love this yes just chop
your hands off I feel like this all the
time just chop everything off and this
is kind of embarrassing but you guys
like a handbag like a pun when I talked
I didn't think about handbag so after I
made the video I'm like I'm gonna keep
calling this my handbag and laughing
like I had invented something that's
embarrassing and yes purple toothpaste
is the best you know what when I bought
it
My partner Rome was kind of like I don't
want to use this and then he came back
saying it was the best toothpaste ever
it's really great toothpaste NAT we have
such great conversations in Planet music
/ gointo I know
