hi so you know what I ignore a lot
physics I'm pretty smooth but my
favorite thing to ignore a terms and
conditions and like all things that are
too difficult I just agree what the
terms are good man like I'm gonna read
this look how many words there are
little play online Scrabble alright
agree please wait while Scrabble loads
congratulations you are now part of
online Scrabble thank you and just
between you and me I'm really worried
that one day this will happen hi Natalie
Tran are you from the video shop because
I returned that DVD ages ago
oh no I don't know why you guys are
called a video shop you don't have
videos it's just DVD I'm from the
Scrabble website you signed up to a
couple of months ago I'm here to collect
the things you agree to in your terms
and conditions oh yeah I'm here to
collect your soul what you didn't take
the terms and conditions without reading
it did you congratulations you are now
part of online Scrabble thank you
I don't know how to give you my soul I
don't even know if I have one my phone
is ringing
I just once one second say but I you
just it you take the box hello hi I'm
from that porn site that you signed up
to you last night which one in terms of
conditions you agreed to you said that I
could film you what I said I could film
you you tick the box I mean it's kind of
concerning it's like if you did this
hey night you're alone uh what I have to
give you um you have to give me
everything everything for a lolly yeah
okay so yeah let me know what was the
last website you signed up for and you
were agreed to the terms and conditions
without reading I'd like to know who
else is guilty of this crime in the
meanwhile I need to go and continue my
online Scrabble tournament I need to
make a word the longest word I can with
letters a G R u ue m hmm I'm like an
online game show except not really it's
bad comparison the prize is the video
ends soon
yeah no I'll stop wasting your time I
hope you have a lovely day hope you had
a lovely weekend and I'll see you in
three days
bye sorry I almost forgot
okay it's porno music / comment time and
I love how everyone has their own secret
weapon of choice to their house be
broken into my own secret plan is to
scream take it all and collapse or play
dead and it scares me how many of you
went out and calculated the weight of
five hundred mice that's the kind of
shit serial killers do and because I am
so uncool I only just heard this song
this week but for your information your
own mother doesn't whip her hair back
and forth I always make it tie it up
it's much neater
