yes Oh awesome Wow bring me a baby to
sacrifice measuring tapes I'm an idiot
technique oh dude measuring tapes this
is like just as accurate a your cards
being rejected sorry your card has been
rejected workers from a local factory
when the 2 million dollar lottery draw
we're just one you want some pearls
motherfucker
oh you just don't mind what the hell you
don't not you dollars
take it money no I'm a naughty
disease-ridden woman I trying I hope you
guys haven't forgotten me in my absence
because I'm still a loser with no
friends who relies heavily on the
Internet
I don't think much has happened I don't
think I've grown since we last spoke
however I've missed you and I'll have a
video up tomorrow and I cannot wait stay
with me beat you up tomorrow be
particularly hot here at the moment
which means a lot of this is happening
wait the Longwood eejits meant to be me
sunbathing in my bikini with my hot
buddy who's just oh I never got that
tape
