hi so don't know about you guys but
whenever I have my photo taken alone I
never know what to do with my hands
hey net smile oh no what do I do with my
hands I know I'll put them in my pockets
oh no pockets what was I thinking
I know leave them no looks like dead
fish hands okay I'll put them behind my
back no that's weird
arrest them on this trap it's even
weirder I was not prepared for this what
are you doing your weirdo ready smile
one two three
your hands look crazy in this and
usually if I'm in a photo with other
people it's okay because I can hide
behind them and hide my hands but if I'm
by myself
oh no weird with my hands I know I'll
put them in my pockets oh no pockets I
spoke to a close friend of mine about
this well I mean we're not that close
friends well um just let me tell the
story and she said why would you think
about it just cuz it's in a photo you
never think about what you do with your
hands normally which got me thinking
what I really need is an awkward photo
hands kid oh hi didn't see you there I
was describing my awkward photo hands
kid do you have trouble with what to do
with your hands in photos no more
awkward death fish hands no more looking
for places to hide your hands for just
five thousand six hundred thirty nine
dollars this discreet bag contains a
pepper shaker a pad and pen toothbrush
and toothpaste and blow-dryer so that
next time this happens
hey net smile you know what to do
Wow not your hands look very occupied
and not weird in this photo and for a
limited time only to our first 48
million callers we're going to include
our exclusive photo editing software
after pockets so that if you forget your
bag you can just Photoshop some pockets
onto your hands afterwards
we've got your cupboard does make me
think sometimes those are the people who
you know flip you the bird or do weird
gangster signs if photos just do it
because they also don't know what to do
with their hands it's a bit rude to flip
the bird during photos yeah I don't want
to do it I think it makes me look
aggressive yeah it does it's just I
don't know what to do with my hands when
I take photos oh my I'm the same right I
mean there's this awkward photo hands
kit but it's so expensive I mean like
only rich weird snobs can afford it
anyway so I looked online I found like
this cheaper version it's just a DVD
it's instructional but it tells you what
to do with your hands so you've opted
for a cheaper way to look after your
hands in photos well why don't you flip
the bird that's a pretty easy cheap
solution if you get confident flip the
bird with one hand and put your other
hand on your hip like this you can also
do gang signs
here's a gang sign and that's how those
people are born anywhere I'm guessing
this is something maybe not everyone
relates to I personally don't know how
people have their photo taken without
having internal organs fail on them I
struggle to make my videos and the only
way that I get through it it's flipping
myself off when I edit didn't that get
deep in awkward anyway I hope you guys
are well I know you're like how could we
be well after you just shared way too
much information with us about how you
feel about yourself that's cool guys
just love it off anyway I hope you have
been well don't forget to subscribe for
new videos I have been spending time in
Edinburgh and it has been amazing is it
Edinburgh that's how everyone says it
here it's awesome I wish I could stay
longer but London is next if you have
any recommendations for London leave
them in the comments below and now it is
porno music / comment time and yes I'm
sorry many of you pointed out that
Amanda was resurrected for my last video
if you watch if you watch my videos
you'd notice a couple of videos before
but Amanda died
a good spotting how about this all right
from now on I'm this from last video it
will be the story of how Amanda died
okay I'll sprinkle it in every couple of
videos it'll be like the worst detective
show you've ever seen how did she die
you're going to find out and a couple of
you have have had waiting experience and
you pointed out that you couldn't give a
 what any of us say in conversation
so thank you guys now we know even more
people don't care about us than we
already knew and yes I apologize about
my barbaric attempt at French I actually
took an intensive French course over
summer didn't learn how to speak like a
spy but I did learn how to say my name
is Natalie I'd like a coffee and a hotel
room with a bathroom attached I won't
say it because it'll probably make your
ears bleed
but I'm thinking of continuing and also
thank you for the comment about my hands
I moisturize him for this for you why do
they all end so weirdly Natalie I don't
know guys I don't know
