hi so sometimes I'm a little bit lazy
now but yesterday my friend got annoyed
at me for using what I like to call the
iron hand method it's basically when he
was so lazy you substitute an iron with
your hand are you serious man these
wrinkles straight straight
you think those as good as owning hey it
works just you just have to press it
hard and then it works yeah man I don't
care what you say I think you're just
being lazy
hey it's not because I'm lazy this is
another way of doing it it works what
okay what if I hide it really I think
it's because many people underestimate
the many uses of the hand it's like
they've never heard of the hand cloth
the hand cloth are you tired of getting
off your arse to find a cloth tired of
moving more than you have to tired of
doing jobs properly
well you'll love the hand club it
removes dust but not really is
convenient to store and is yours already
in fact I'm hoping that some of you are
so lazy you know what I'm talking about
I'm really appreciative of all things
that make life easy as a lazy person
it's like how I love the straw and here
we see a lazy human in her natural
habitat she's getting thirsty but won't
focus on drinking and thus keeps missing
the straw but instead of focusing she
would just use her face as a safety net
to try and find the straw now if you've
managed to stick with me this father is
another secret unlisted video that
doesn't show up on my youtube channel or
in subscription boxes there'll be a link
to it so you can click that for a secret
video and before you go though don't
forget to comment and rate this one and
let me know does your hand possess any
secret powers and before you write what
you're about to that's not a secret
power everyone does that in private they
start doing it when they're a teenager
if you don't know what I'm talking about
that I don't know what I'm talking about
anyway Wow awkward much no but let me
know it really does your hand possess
any secret powers so if mine is also the
hand paper tied and using a piece of
paper to do a maths equation
think you can pull it off by pretending
to write in your hand and do it in your
head you'll love the hand
I wish my heart might like my whole life
was an infomercial be amazing by one
Natalie get a million free because no
one else is buying them
I need a voiceover in my life we've
talked about this the only problem is
that I don't have a voiceover I just
have a handycam and I make videos and
then I have to use my own voice to be
the voiceover and the effect is just not
the same anyway I will let you go okay
it's funny music slash comment time and
lorilyn that is fantastic I absolutely
relate to threatening objects I
constantly tell objects as well that I
will love them more than other objects
if they do what I want
actually that's how I treat people as
well I can't wait to have children and
just see seven that is brilliant I kind
of wish I made a video about that and
yes FTW be if you don't like it I'll
hunt you down and lick your face yeah
you heard me
I'll lick it and I'm like a bird I carry
disease
