hi how awesome of flashbacks flashbacks
hi hey sorry I was late couldn't find my
daughter
they were both pretties organized I know
remember that time very much did you
hear that echo is echoing on your boat
what it's gone now
oh that's right remember the time last
week when we were late today it echoed
again when you said that is there is
there a ripple transitioner happening
right now why you in sepia tone I don't
see that Oh what the she's at us we're
in a flashback right now that's a flash
fire a flashback attack because you said
you in the air communication hose the
echo yeah oh my god can we make
flashbacks up you've never beaten me it
does I win hey remember that time as did
you watch I'm so Team Edward you've ever
time when you would stops me again
you've spent most of it
gangsters / - dude he said this is a
real flashbacks this happened I remember
because have you guys ever experienced a
flashback because to be honest with you
I don't remember many things it's just
lots of flashbacks and nightmares and
then I end up on the news and then can
you tell us what happened and then he
said hop into the car and I followed him
yeah that's not funny but then again if
I were funny I'd probably have more
friends it gets lonely I mean sometimes
I collect eyelashes that I find in the
street it's weird because it's true
quick shout to these guys by the way
thanks for sending your photos in and
thanks to everyone else who I bumped
into who didn't send me a photo in
that's cool you can play hard to get I
like it when people play hard to get
everyone I meet plays hard to get
everyone's like no I'm not interested
stop touching me whatever buddy
imma touch you no one's gonna hear you
scream don't joke about stuff like that
anyway let me know if you guys ever
experience flashbacks do you have one of
those absurdly good memories so that you
can just live in flashbacks I have an
appalling memory myself I often you know
my biggest problem with memories is that
I construct them quite often out of
dreams television shows or other
people's memories so for a long time I
thought I had a really good year last
year and that I'm
it was just an episode of Breaking Bad
before I go by the way I really want to
show you this poster look at this this
is the best execution of word art I have
ever seen it's the way word out was
meant to be used party ice sorry I just
really wanted to use that preset when
you ever get to use half of these now
oh no look it's terrible rain he says
you need to go outside to have fun huh
gotta go guys sorry
switch that off wish I had friends oh
shit
I'm so teen edward is that the name of
the guy fuck okay it's funny music /
comment time and death and I love it
it's like when I look at the mirror and
say I'm so sorry you know nothing except
what it's like to be amazing and thank
you guys I try to draw Taylor Swift at
least once an hour I also try to call
her about once an hour but my number has
been banned and Thank You optional
delusion I received many you know
several paper cuts from the props use
last video I took it as a sign of their
protester being in a shit tastic video
and yeah okay I'll pay that but I tell
you what even a Mandarin made me undress
it they all just want to lie back and
take it without any work
