hi so what happens to those Diaries and
journals you write in once and then
forget about okay welcome to the first
meeting for notebooks and journals who
have been abandoned I think we should
start by going around the room and
introducing ourselves so let's start
with you
hi I'm your typical abandoned diary
everything started off good you know she
told me I was on your best friend we
were going to share secrets every day
and then nothing after that
just nothing a common promise made oh
except this her brother drew this on me
while she left me in his room one day
well I think they know a little bit
about being misused as well see mine's
all about some guy called Rob from math
class
all right so cute love equations about
Bob filling up an entire page page
wastage over here okay hey for love
heart what why do you use me like this
if if you just wanted scrap paper what
you just made oh a sketch time how long
you just buy it yet diary
we don't curse in this space I'm sorry I
swear on this night to be honest with
you guys I actually get written in the
lot but it sucks sorry this this meeting
is for Diaries and journals who've been
abandoned why are you here uh because
I'm scared what are you scared of I
think the person who are owns me is a
psychopath their first entry is a list
of names and this first one is crossed
off and it says that they must die and
this
that here
I think that's hair I think it belongs
to her and there is a picture of Taylor
Smith I'm not quite sure why but them at
this page and I mean they ripped half of
it but I think I see says I kill me
people this is I kill people right
that's what it would have said we're
gonna have to cover this you need to
call the cops Matt you have to call this
meeting to a halt I'm gonna talk to you
in a separate room and we will continue
as I'm saying right did you ever abandon
a diary and I don't know if this is
psycho I'm hoping somebody out there can
relate but I used to do this thing where
I think subconsciously I would write
just in case somebody found my diary so
write with really misleadingly neat
handwriting that wasn't really my own so
big impressive cursive or something like
that I try really hard and I'd always
start with the phrase dear diary why do
people do that it's not like you're
going to be confused if you pick up the
book later on in life what is this read
54 pages for that oh I thought this was
a story book thank God
oh yeah it's bizarre but for me the
biggest problem was that I just never
had anything to report dear diary please
see above all I suppose occasionally
there would be dear diary today was
excellent I found a dollar in my pocket
I was not expecting this dollar because
I thought that I had already emptied out
my pocket now thinking about my diary
probably had a much more interesting
life and I didn't deer myself today put
on shelf moved off shelf opened page
ripped out of closed what more action
I've been getting but ya know oh by the
way sorry this is really off track ADA
Mandarin today check out this scene
count egde I mean buddy I'm trying to
enjoy you why are you doing this to me
you know seed effort versus reward I
don't think so I'm really excited over
the summer which means mangoes are in
season again mangoes are good you cut
out the sea you grab the cheeks insert
disgusting mum joke right here add
something about getting it all over your
face it being really sweet and succulent
and really moist I must stop getting
really turned on hmm
I'll see you guys soon and just it's
really scary just get myself in we're in
joke um okay it's pointing music /
comment time and I pomade I've always
wondered what danger Furbies posed to
planes I think maybe they just add to
alarm and I love your approach dark
angel and okami black I admire how
everyone of you felt you stood more of a
chance of getting numbers or getting
late if you were about to die in a plane
crash and buddy do I understand where
you're coming from
it's like every time a new law comes out
I feel that pain it's like well who can
you have surprise sex with these days
come on
