hi so I understand most people enjoy
pros times your laptop sure sweet Oh
incognito mode no someone's been having
fun
no but the other day I was at a cafe
with a friend who kept stopping their
conversation every time the waiter came
over so I thought I lost my sunglasses
but then I thank you so I thought I lost
my sunglasses but then I checked my head
and I was wearing them the entire time
no that's it how dare you waste my time
on such a stupid store it reminded me of
how uncomfortable my friends get when I
don't stop conversations when waiters
come over I had no idea that you could
find a cartoon character that hot you
know I mean I was six years old when I
watched a Latin because he didn't have
his shirt on
he had a vest but no shirt he wears a
vest with no shirt just a Latin man he
was hot but one who doesn't wear a shirt
with a vest that's crazy hot guy
confidence and two why just stop
conversation well I think it's rude just
to speak over a waiter and I agree it's
weird not to acknowledge people I always
say thank you when they come over but
then I keep going but it's a private
conversation yeah but it's not
interesting I'm fairly certain if the
way to heard you they'd also say so I
thought I'd lost my sunglasses we're
gonna check my head and I was wearing
them the entire time that's a terrible
story how dare you waste our time with
such a Darrel his story I was actually
gonna say something very similar really
yeah you know what now that we're
talking why no waiters fancy waiters
hide one arm when they pour water and to
be fair if you were saying something
like okay so I didn't want to tell
anyone but I have some secret treasure
like a pirate I would understand because
that's interesting and a secret and then
the waiter could be a spy okay so I
didn't want to tell anyone but I have
some secret treasure
and I buried it in the super-secret
location
wait casket if I just wheezing wonderful
melt hello I'm your new waiter for today
please feel free to repeat all the
information that you said earlier wait a
minute you're a spy you're a spy
it's a pretty lame comeback no it's true
I am a spy a spying a pirate I should
always make up our conversations you
know I mean if I were a waiter and
people Paul's around me yeah I'd use
that power for fun and it's our second
anniversary and I know this is going
really fast but I just wanted to tell
you that just to top up just a tough up
but thanks thank you Thanks you look
yeah thank you
sorry where was I um anyway Amanda I
love you a lot and you know this is the
time that I think we should be this is
really weird yeah thank you so much
thank you thank you um hey I should just
come out with I should just come out
with it Amanda were you marrying me come
on man please just doing my job
come
ah boo boo Priscilla Jenica privacy
please
to be fair I've never waited tables I
don't even work the counters when I
worked in food but I always think about
how they feel I mean I get very paranoid
when people stop talking around me you
guys talking about me and how funny I am
anyway to each their own says every lazy
person who doesn't like confrontation
though now I think about it lazy people
wouldn't be like that they'd be like -
all one and then they would become
dictators and this Kingdom shall be mine
but anyway let me know in the comments
below
do you guys pause during the situation
why or you like me you don't mind if
people over here because your life is
very boring and if they cared there
would be something wrong with them let
me know also thank you for your comments
in my last video I have something to say
about those but I'll leave that for
porno music / comment time and a big
shout by the way - Ravenhurst bed and
breakfast I had an amazing stay there
I'm talking past because by the time I
upload this I'll be in the lakes
district but I've been in Cheltenham I
can't pronounce anything in the UK and I
drove around the Cotswolds mmm cheerio
and it was awesome it was just amazing
and when I booked they definitely didn't
expect me to rock up and then like can i
film my rude Internet videos here but
they did let me so thank you so much and
now click over to incognito mode cuz
it's a porno music / comment time and I
want to talk about this a lot of people
in my last video asked if I was pregnant
because of this scene she might just be
getting fat she looks a bit sorry a lot
older I have seen this happening to
pregnant ladies so who knows I know I'm
not pregnant that's just my food bump
and she looks pregnant your skin is all
pregnant and I like that comment so
I'll take that one and you're correct
I will not be wearing that shirt with
that skirt again because obviously it's
not muttering and I'm glad I ran it fast
the internet before I wore it outside
no the high-waisted thick skirt was the
ugly shirt I don't and I just uh I don't
have a flat stomach so that's what that
was you guys should be picking on my
mole
my mum hates my mole more than my baby
bump I actually got stuck at customs on
the way to the UK because they were like
your mole looks huge
life excellence
