hi hey buck what the shit don't stop
we're doing that thing what thing
the thing with the screens that's when
people don't phone lets thing yeah that
happens in real life
look just wait I'm gonna call Ana so we
can three-way call thing okay
and I think you see that to the screen
just but yeah it did this is alright if
I hang on know what don't you just hang
up oh my god just wait I'm gonna have a
penny one
what the fuck what happened I just met
John Travolta man I met Georgia both
because I've always wondered about those
girls and the late-night commercials for
single man boy laughing knowing through
hole feeling lonely naughty why not try
one of our single girls they're waiting
to speak on man just pick up the phone
and call one eight hundred eight to five
five four six eight six six nine all
that's 1-800 what was your part of the
screen blank yeah doing something
naughty in the dark do you owe me ten
eleven oh geez this is why my room is
set up like this because I always
thought it was weird that I was in a
room with a firing table thing but yeah
let me know what's the serious kind of
late-night infomercial you've seen where
those 100 girls campaign I should stop
using that example because it looks like
I watched these a lot and so what if I
do
I kept lonely I have needs but no
seriously they're the one that makes me
cringe the most of the ones with girls
with the Stars because they're never not
liked they never look like they know
they're being filmed no it makes sense
because things always got weird after
11:30
why this does why there are you
advertising means I'm not naked you're
on yo I'm not naked and usually I kind
of like that element of surprise let it
go guys are you filming this but um no
it's bizarre and then some poor guy in
an editing suite somewhere sitting there
doing the tracking suppose there was
things he could be doing it could be
sitting in a bedroom
dokin do his friends on the internet so
what am i done I've done it naked girls
seediness late-night infomercials and
stars covering nude bits that's me done
this video
so quickly okay it's gonna be sick slash
comment time and you know what mate I
reckon if I got shot I would scream oh
my god but that's just me and your
suggestions guys and the lines you
should learn in another language we're
hilarious obviously I was crying reading
them and that's a terrible joke mate
that's but it made me laugh you and I
love this this is a very important line
to know ever knows when I got to moments
quite obvious someone had been there for
