hi this is my PowerPoint presentation
it's about clip art and how clip art
makes everything shit so let's look at
this example here here is a Microsoft
Word document here's some clipart and
now it's shit here is a PowerPoint
presentation not unlike this one you
might have this in as a class assignment
here's some clipart and now you fucked
it
he's a photo of hotforwords she's one of
the hottest smartest women and here's
some clipart and now it's shit it's
because you've covered it you might say
no that I'll move it and you can't stop
looking at it can you look I'll make it
even smaller you can try and enjoy the
photo but your eye will keep moving over
to the right to see their shit tastic
clipart I promise you so when do I use
clip up you ask never just don't do it
and that's the end of that presentation
here's a preview of my next presentation
at how fucking batshit crazy eBay uses
the answer is there heaps crazy as crazy
as this animation preset right here I
figured it's because there are fuck
loads of old people on eBay if you talk
to an old person and you ask what they
do with the day chances are they'll say
yeah I sure a bird and I bought some
shit off a brain and I figure that there
are a lot of women on eBay and I think
it's because you see a lot of shit here
the superfluous offensive use of just
shite around words so if you see this
the person who did it probably has a
vagina and said person probably also is
responsible for this adding extra
edition signs and A's to things I don't
know why probably because it means a lot
like when people add extra exclamation
points I don't know and as far as I can
tell everyone who lives in Hong Kong
sells their shit on eBay
they're all power users and own lots of
everything that you want there are also
lots of tight asses on eBay there are
different types of tight asses so they
might be the ones who sell all the
useless and broken shit they own just to
make some money so things that your I
might throw away they
would try and sell so they could make $1
all there are tight houses who buy
useless and broken shit because they're
too tight to buy stuff that works so
have some use for you guys as well I I
have a new camera tomorrow I did put up
a Mother's Day video I put it on truth
or fail so don't make me kick you and I
miss you guys in a very hash power way
and I'll have a proper video up in four
days and you will like it bigger
