hi so my camera broke over the week
while I was filming stuff which means
all I have is this weight excellent your
baby what up but anyway so the computing
of the day and the program crashed and
the computer is all oh hey man sorry
about that here's some numbers that
don't mean shit do want to send an error
report now usually I along with the
world's population would click don't
send but since it takes me about four
hours type two sentences this summer's
are like your motherfucker I want my
words back and I click send and then it
could be thinking what happens from here
because I imagine the place that
receives crash reports isn't too busy I
mean it probably went down like Bing do
you hear that I think I got an email and
the guys probably got like two emails
one from me and one welcoming to his
mail service and what the shit does he
do seriously I mean Here I am still with
no Word document and for all I know the
guy probably prints off the reports and
eats the paper I mean what the shit is
the point it's like having someone come
along when you cry and be like oh hey
dude what up I'm sad oh really man I'm
gonna go tell that cow you said that cow
on the mountain over there yeah that cow
on the mountain really far away yeah I'm
gonna go tell him that you're sad really
that's what the confirmation window like
it's like him coming back and saying oh
hey I told him I told him except at
least with a guy it's not his fault
whereas an error report is because the
computers fucked up so it's kind of like
if the guy kicked you and then went and
told the cow and the cow works for him I
don't know yeah so I have to go I'm
sorry so short but I'm drawing with a
trackpad I don't picture still my ideas
they might be like oh hey let's make a
movie about some shit tastic cartoons
take the good girl who sent an error
report on her computer and then I'll
have to sue them and I run out of money
suing them and I have to turn tricks for
a living again
all right Oh before my camera broke I
managed to film the Mother's Day edition
of truth or fail so that'll be up on
Mother's Day you should check that shiz
out until then I will see you guys soon
I will get my camera fixed and we will
make porn and music splash comment down
old-school style oh man yeah I used to
always think I was better off with
fictional characters I used to be like
Aladdin you don't need Jasmine she's
just a stuck-up princess with a tiger
who has Tigers man I'd totally get you
and man Govan Laurie that's really
however Donna and Josh all the way son
until they were I think if you were to
make the opening credits of any show the
turn to the camera with the smile is
obligatory I wish you well brother and
if this is true this is brilliant I hope
they didn't just credit you as extra I
hope you were credited as you know
confused extra doing algebra
