hi so you know it's disgusting really
hate it when you do those really gross
it's my own blood
guys natural it comes out of me do you
eat but more than that when somebody
gives you money and it's it's warm the
money's wha not this shit about the why
do you want me go ahead like an orphan
do you have a wallet I have a way to buy
your wallet I put the money in my hand
because I know how much change lies and
it's convenient to have like money out
money I put it in my hands that job with
you so that one Dre it's so I don't
account oh I don't have to count the
money now
I put it in my e it is more convenient
and I hate my job more money it's the
same sense of uneasiness I feel when I
sit in a seat and it's warm bitch you
know I apologize I think it's because
I'm insane but somebody out there one of
you must know I'm talking about right
there's some kind of sense of
desperation where people hand you warm
money it's like they have been holding
onto it like Oliver Twist you know it's
their last few coins and on the earth
and that's why they've been holding it I
can't understand why you don't use your
wallet anyway I will stop because I
think I'm neurotic and I'm sharing that
with you yeah I'm all worked up there's
only one way I can resolve this and I
was putting music slash comment I'm
strawberry citrus yeah thank you for
that so many comments like that and you
know I think monopoly has ruined many a
family night I'm fairly certain of that
and I'm a big believer in the I'm a big
believer in that I let you win statement
it pisses everybody off and I've got a
lot of photos and people doing duck
faces thank you for that I always
thought duck face would kind of be more
like this book
look like that you know you know I'm
saying and Stannis and yes I am a man in
woman's body how much do you get for
that these days
