hi so I'm sorry it's been a while I made
an incredibly glamorous lifestyle I
wanna make this I do look no hands yeah
in this blah
no but seriously have you guys ever been
in that situation where you really want
to join in on a conversation hi as I
mentioned in my last video I went to the
AJ conference and it was just littered
with amazing people guys you know Matt
Groening would just be standing over
there and how do you get into a group
that met gronings talking in this is how
yeah
number one you make eye contact really
uncomfortable I contact let them feel
uneasy and I let them know that you're
coming number two
personal space barrier break it you know
isn't this imaginary line cross it they
will automatically acknowledge you and
let you into the circle
damn you're in it just had such an
amazing time guys I can't even explain
so yes I'm back from eg I'm back though
and I'm broke because every time I go to
the states I never know who to tip and
before I left this time my friend gave
me this advice freak out I never know
get to it listen it's really easy you
just tip anyone who's nice oh hey how
are you day
yeah so I look like the biggest pimp in
Monterrey
but yeah pimp status has since been
revoked I'm back in Sydney making videos
from my bedroom not quite the same but
yeah I had a really wonderful time so
it's been a while I'm back I hope you
guys have been well quit sure to these
guys by the way it was really awesome
meeting you guys and thank you for
sending your pictures in I love it when
people send pictures in there a couple
of nine Asians in that batch yeah
booyah yeah no thank you I always
appreciate it when you guys take the
time to send in photos of yourself
especially if you're good-looking yeah I
became pen pals with your mum welcome to
forensic slash comment time I like your
approach it's like I carry things so
that I can be the person that other
people rely on no I always need hair
ties so I would constantly rely on you I
actually carry mints with me so that I
could be the person when it was like Oh
God I mean you meant is they never got
me together I do and then when I eat I'm
like that fresh feeling in your mouth
you it gave you that give you more no
Mexican I've never been asked by Mexican
before it must be because of my strong
resemblance to some behind but you asked
that question
and you know I'm sorry I offended your
little flesh colored pouch the knees
I've never been backpacking myself
I just saved up a little bit more money
and buy a suitcase no I'm joking
junkie and I love this comment is
brilliant my mum used to always write my
name and number of my clothes I always
used to think it was because she thought
I was growing up to begin so it's not
the case she still does it today
