hi long time no see so you know what's
an appropriate pay those spit out so my
toothbrush what the what's also
inappropriate is the way that we seem to
act when we go to friends houses and
find toys that they've had since their
childhood oh my god is this mr. whoopee
yeah hey oh my god and you have mr.
monkey too and for some reason you turn
into a crude nine-year-old hey now now
look looks like they're making out
Oh mr. whoopee come on mr. whoopee mama
Oh mr. Janetti oh yeah you like that
yeah but you're healthy doesn't like
that oh that's why you've got long legs
mr. monkey oh no they don't like each
other feet
Oh mr. Rufio stop it he let them go
cooler legs oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh
yeah wrong with you Chi which is
wandering and then they always ask if
their toys all right you okay
sorry you're right dwarfee why do people
do that sorry mrs. Y rabbit you okay
miss gray koala he's a mean man baby
elephant and toys always have really
stupid names don't they mine was called
LSD don't mone joke and don't do drugs
they be tripping but yet children always
name their toys really bizarre things
and there's a really simple formula to
it yeah it goes adjective-noun so you
know brown cat spotty dog or something
like that my parents wanted to name me
attractive boy until they realize well
that's not gonna do that I have to
explain that one every day quick shout
it by the way to these guys who are
lovely enough to come up and say hi
thank you for that always appreciate
meeting lovely people now just quickly
put a music / common time has changed
too don't you know just yet and also I
put up my Christmas video but then I
took it down after a few days but I've
saved a lot of email saying you didn't
put up I hope you guys and subscribed if
you're subscribed you get notified when
you I shouldn't have to explain this to
you look at me yeah we we know I don't
like imma change outfits upon a music /
comment I took no I will have sleep with
you I've had it twice already today oh
hi I wasn't expecting you it's funny
music / comment
now care-bear thanks for this I really
appreciate I actually thought my voice
was going to get me sympathy points but
I guess not
and boy stur to shape perfect comment I
once received a bill from my parents who
and one know how offended I was now I'm
I don't do makeup tutorials on YouTube
because my video routine in the morning
often involves me removing the tool from
my face and then gently removing pillow
marks like this yeah that's why and also
because of a failure of an Asian and
yeah thank you guys my video is littered
with comments like this it's good to
know in times of need you guys are just
my support rock just right now thank you
and I'm sorry about this buddy this is
how I really many unsuspecting victims
to how I roll and if you have any
suggestions how to improve upon our
music slash comment time so it's
enjoyable for both of us because usually
I enjoy it then you go you done yet
don't
