hi so do you guys have makeup stupid
email addresses when you were young I
know I did
it's incredibly embarrassing when you're
still using them okay let's have a look
Natalie yeah yeah but sorry sweetie
could you also give me your email
address again I can't quite make it out
so it's s sx see okay so it's s XC and
underscore and then is that a baby baby
yeah yeah and then a ngel okay angel I
know that numbers here 669 so we have SX
Oh like sexy sexy underscore baby
underscore angel 69 at hotmail com
that's you you wouldn't think it would
you great now look at you just take a
sense I'll be right with you thank you
see the problem is when I was making up
this email address when I was a teenager
I legitimately thought it was cool ever
- what a chat to me oh wait I'll write
60 guide because that it's like I know
about sex
you don't yeah but one day no I don't
think that's gonna do what this is
buy-in a dialogue and it's so awkward
because I really felt like it was cool
but then again I thought this was cool I
can do it's not a tree it is look look
oh yeah that one never went down as well
as I thought it would just ever but yeah
if you guys ever had really stupid you
know email addresses or usernames let me
know obviously don't write the full
thing because mine wasn't actually sexy
baby angel whatever it was but it was
pretty close to fact the last time I did
a stupid username was maybe I know but
yeah let me know I remember when I went
through an emo stage I even changed my
user names to things like black sorrow
to match the blackness of my heart at
the time was incredibly tragic um yeah
oh by the way quick shout-out to these
guys of course and it is always lovely
to meet you guys and you're always
awesome folk so I have to apologize to
you guys
because I am a liar my whole life is a
lie yeah that's right mom and dad I know
it's coming they love me
um but ya know the thing is I I said I'd
make a video in two days and I didn't
because yes I am a liar but not I'm
probably taking January a little bit
easier I hope that's cool I'll still be
uploading at least once a week though so
it's all good just thought I'd give you
guys a heads up that said though I will
have a video out in two days I will this
time because it's Christmas and I have a
Christmas video coming up so I will see
you guys in two days and until then be
safe be well eat fruit and remember it's
not plagiarism it's just collective
research okay it's funny music / comment
time and can name dude don't even worry
but I'm so used to being in public I
don't even take offence now and f Nicole
F yeah nice I like what you did there
and a Jackie Chan thing yeah I'm pretty
sure that all Asians get them and lalala
no no one don't be upset Bobo it's all
good and snail I like that as a nickname
I think that's cute that's kind of like
being hot sloth and you know what I
think this is very true so I guess I
want to thank you guys thank you for
always being awesome I always love your
comments thank you
