hi so you know what's cringe-worthy when
you're chatting online to a friend and
then they announced they have to go so
you say goodbye and then they don't go
because then you're stuck there
wondering are they online but they just
didn't want to talk to me I don't want
to talk to me and for some reason I
become obsessed with their online status
but maybe she had to go somewhere and
end in log off they just become pathetic
it's like that mixture of pathetic and
desperation and distrust you feel like
when my mom tells me this like oh um my
mom up on Hill London know when my
teacher used to tell my mom Natalie's a
very smart student she just hasn't lived
up to her full potential so essentially
I suppose you're lying to me you're
lying to me you're lying to me and
you're lying to me
in fact you lied to me big time you told
me the good things are gonna happen in
my life and Here I am making videos on
YouTube Thanks no but I don't know I
suppose it's the fact that they don't
even try to hide the fact that they're
ignoring you it's like you guys are the
be right back is and you guys are the
away statuses you don't even put any
effort in I mean you just thank group of
people in my life who ignore me how long
my mum's here mum I'm rarely joking that
doesn't actually happen mum now aunty so
then where's the footage of my mom
saying that she loves me I had that tape
yeah speaking of editing though I do
need to apologize with the previous
videos editing I'm sorry I tend to edit
quite early in the morning or late at
night and I don't always watch them
before I upload because if I look at
myself too much I getting incredibly
turned on you know that well that wasn't
even funny in my head
that's kind of just got on that
disgusting note I'm gonna leave you guys
I'll have a new video up in two days
until then please take care of
yourselves be safe be well eat fruit and
remember a mouth may say no but a body
says yes okay it's funny music / comment
time and MHC button any you know in
terms of sounding music I used to think
the lyrics in climb every mountain words
that a follow every rainbow I thought it
was follow every Ranger and mater
to me and I'm bulk nine you know it was
really mainly or dad it makes you feel
any better my father was convinced that
oops I did it again had the same melody
as I am a woman in love and he would
sing it over the top really loudly and
this comment in dad it what do you mean
grow a beard or wear a fake one I don't
even know what that means I didn't know
there was the option that I could grow a
beard
I don't even it doesn't you confuse me
