hi so I always find the beginning of a
new year really stressful
oh you filled the wrong year it's now
2015 and one of the things that adds to
the stress is the lead up because
everyone's asking what are you doing
what are you doing what are you doing
stop touching me what are you doing for
New Year's Eve and despite the fact that
I've had 365 days to plan it the answer
is always nothing so I do what adults do
I'll I uh I have a friend with a cool
apartment
so I'll probably go there and I'll she's
not believing me you blew it
as if she's gonna believe you have any
friend whose call apartments who are you
Michael Douglas in movie Wall Street why
all your movie reference is so old why
didn't you pick the wolf of Wall Street
not all of us have seen you releases and
because I hadn't planned anything
then I'd have to find someone hello
Steph what are you doing for New Year's
Hey oh no I have Asperger to win so long
oh I'm actually out of town I'm with my
family we just hey no okay I'm Anushka
what are you doing for New Year's oh I'm
just having a few friends over it's just
something nice oh yeah yeah nice I don't
have any plans okay
it's not going to happen is it yeah no
hello hello hey mum um hello I mean I
guess you probably want to hang out with
me because I'm your daughter and you
suck you're old and you're bored and
stuff so I'll cancel plans with my
friends I'll come hang out with you in
New Year's Matt I have friends mom you
know what I can't always talk to you
when you call me I'm busy yeah stuff to
do and then when I did eventually find
someone who was free
Saudi aplan for New Year's oh um I have
a friend who's got a cool apartment yeah
me either come to my house at nine
o'clock bring some Doritos original
flavor okay cool
it's always a letdown you brought cheese
flavored Doritos can't eat cheese so
I've come to the conclusion why bother
why do anything but what else you gonna
do I'll stay at home and watch Grand
Designs I have so many episodes left
well that's not exciting um the two
weeks behind schedule the kitchen bench
doesn't fit in
all their windows are over budget so you
tell me what's not exciting but the more
I think about why it weirds people out
when you don't do something special and
you Years Eve the more I start to think
it's got nothing really to do with being
looser ish it's more to do with how
strange it is to not acknowledge the end
or the start of new year it's kind of a
big deal it's kind of like being one of
those people who wear pajamas outside in
the day you know it's weird it's
something something's just not quite
right who are you what are you hiding
you know it's like they don't care that
they're not in their house or that you
know that it's not nighttime anymore
they're just ignoring it they're like a
pajama cowboy it's but I think that's
the same kind of thought process when
you lie on your couch and you say I just
ignored that a new year passed you know
you're like a Gregorian calendar cowboy
you don't care you don't care that the
earth went around the Sun who cares oh
no no I'm not crazy I just wait stay
back or I'll call the cops okay we don't
want any funny business or perhaps they
do find it looser ish but ignoring that
and thinking positively and thinking
positively as a you know low key no key
news evening L I've discovered a guide
of how to successfully enjoy a no plans
New Year's Eve number one acknowledge at
least once the good times of the year
2015 was such a good year I watched this
movie and this movie and this me number
two be excited about something in the
future even if it's small so for example
I'm very excited to start using my 2016
diary because I love stationary ah I
love new stationary do you want me to go
I want original Doritos that's what I
want and number three do something
little that makes you feel good even if
it's you eating ice cream yelling at
neighbors oi you two rotate can't see
 that said you guys are probably hip
and happening and outdoing vining and
snapchatting or if you guys do I don't
know it's not ecstasy and inject
planking into your eyes I don't know get
off my lawn
anyway I hope you guys have a good time
like I said even if you're Loki I think
it's nice to acknowledge you Years Eve
even if it's just mentally there are
very few times in life where you're
given you've given any sort of time to
just specifically reflect so it's a nice
thing to do you guys have been a huge
part of my year as always the five times
I've seen you this year that's cool you
never call you never write but yeah no I
hope you guys are well and hey as every
dog is gonna say to you see you next
year oh I'd be the first person who said
that really loved it I bet you we would
have dated I did it again I wrote the
wrong year again it's so hard at the
beginning of you you know like you just
learned one year and then you have to
learn another it's gonna take me a while
life's hard okay it's funny music /
comment time and I noticed a few of you
pointed out that I missed the math straw
connection
guys that was on purpose I'm not
uncoordinated and yes thank you God I've
asked for batteries in the past and my
friends have refused to get them for me
I'm glad to know you guys also really
insensitive when it comes to gift-giving
and I loved this yes I think it's kind
of cold to write to and from as well
sometimes the right deer and then I'm
like that's too close I don't even know
this person I just met them yesterday
