hi so it's clean while I had a friend
over the other day and she discovered
that I clean things simply by hiding
them that how does your room get so
messy it throws you're not done is this
seriously how you clean stuff you're
just hiding storing oh oh that's great
oh you ruined it now now it's away yet
again you just hit it it doesn't mean
that it's gone yep stop it's really
uncool man was your problems I have no
idea how ridiculous you were ah fuck and
so my friend became highly irritated
more so than when this happens you
mentioned me in a video again sorry man
no that's lame no do that and don't
mention me in this one alright okay get
alive I'm only joking oh you don't
mention people if they don't want to be
mentioned especially you you lying
cheating whore I'm Jackie umm no but as
I see it hiding fixes everything
hey you're right hmm so yeah you guys
very thorough when you clean or you like
me out of sight out of mind let me know
I'm sure I should probably stop asking
you questions though because last time I
asked you what you know what you wasted
your internet on and the most popular
answers with my videos and porn and
let's face it
porn is never a waste of any kind of
time speaking of wasting time that I
should probably stop wasting yours I'll
have a new video up in two days and
until then be safe be well eat fruit and
touch as many people as you can okay
it's funny music / comment time and you
know what well I am a licker
if you and I have been mates as kids my
grass head and your rock Mia they would
have been tight man they would have been
tight and what is wrong with you people
it's orange geez I know who is not on my
team and pick random dude I feel your
pain lame
is my middle name my whole life is a
lame joke and Baby Bear 89 listen man I
may say a lot of main things but I would
never ever say that you just took it to
a whole new level yeah orange
