hi so you know what takes up a lot of
time when people compliment you just to
get a compliment back hey hurry up
what's taking you so long oh you look so
pretty tonight I just I feel like so
ugly and once someone baits you like
that you're meant to say something like
no you're really pretty tonight
it's not that I mind giving compliments
it's just that the cycle never ends with
these people you have such nice hair no
no don't be so silly you look amazing
and as a woman this comes with the
territory much like crying spontaneously
but but the thing is these people have
such little tact you sure you don't want
one oh no that's cool
can't be thin like you I'm so big oh
shit here we go oh
I myself am much more graceful when I do
things like that I wish I had nice hair
like your hair is so nice baby oh no and
that's why I hang around people who are
socially awkward there's no talking at
all now my last video I told you guys I
would show you what my favorite
childhood toy was in return for knowing
what yours was mine's actually just in a
photo but there it is I don't know if
you can see what it is but it's one of
those sock things that you fill up with
soil and grass grows out of it and you
pretend that the grass is the hair and I
adored her I thought she was hilarious
or like your hairs green de Partie and
um yeah I'd put it next to the other
plans I'd be like but you're way more
special because you've got eyes and
stuff um yeah so this is my really
favorite toy as a child which is kind of
it explains a lot of things actually she
had problems she had troubles
associating with other children no but
really ever kept dying and I used to get
a little bit suspicious every time my
parents would replace it about what why
is her hair a little bit shorter in the
back ouch
you asked him had cake cake and I fell
for it every single time but yes I loved
you
anyway I also thought I would show you
this because I was going through the
photo album for that I only because of
the humorous aspect this is a photo of
me with grapes as a child I know
you can't tell if I'm a boy or girl
still got my merit tap trouble but uh
here we go I just thought it was funny
because I could just imagine the baby's
voice like you serious grapes fucking I
don't fucking - grapes I don't any great
- made me poser these grape them way
sexier bastard than this but yeah made
me trouble but speaking of photos I need
to do a shout-out to these young ladies
now I have never felt as close to death
as I did when these girls came up and
said hi only because I didn't know what
was happening I was with a friend I hear
this high-pitched scream and then I feel
these arms grab me from behind and I
don't mean to brag or anything but I've
never had physical contact either before
does no one wants to touch me but really
they grabbed me from behind I turn
around and they're just screaming at me
and I thought oh my god the end of the
world get out of here and no they were
just incredibly enthusiastic so hi
thanks for saying hi I hope you guys
have a lovely school formal and you your
dress looks gorgeous and what else was I
gonna say and that's about it sorry it's
getting really hot here it's getting
hard to concentrate
yeah sorry no I'm gonna leave you guys I
will see you in two days
and until then here's porno music /
comment I'm the original one okay porno
music / comment time you're welcome
Apollo idols eyes and dance straight tux
cat six if Barbie had also said yeah
tertiary education man not so much the
shoes I would not have disagreed and you
know what lilz OEM my parents did get me
Cabbage Patch doll yet shibam so I guess
I won that round yeah not really and
Hillary Davison I'm not 30 it hurts my
heart that so many of you think I'm old
but you know what I suppose at least you
know my name but you know his name I'll
always know yeah how do you like the
orange yeah
orange
