hi so I have a really bad habit of
reading too much into songs that people
give me I wonder why he gave me the CD
hey there um I'm a girl oh my god the
songs about me I keep thinking about I
knew it he's thinking about me and the
problem of course is once you've
convinced yourself it makes way for very
awkward situation making the baby oh
yeah and some beginner I know you meant
song track number five
what the fuck dude I just thought that
it's fine just a song didn't it's fine I
don't talk about it got my sweater back
sorry you guys know what I mean right
you try and read into every single song
your smile um hello
black hair look at this smile look at it
yes freckles I don't have any friends my
mole
I'm a mold leave me my mole just do I
remember what we said I said it was cold
you said it wasn't yeah I have no idea
what that songs about oh maybe my eyes
maybe some of my eyes actually now that
I think about it I remember that the
first song I ever received that I
thought meant a lot more than it did at
the time was the song my girl I you know
it was given to me by a guy could Joshua
and I thought Joshua went a little bit
of an Nathalie turns that Joshua just
really liked the song my girl and never
liked women in the end but at the time
he wanted me yeah if you guys ever
received a song that you thought meant a
lot more than it did the time let me
know what it is because I would love to
know what songs have plagued the hearts
of others actually let me know two
things one what song have you ever
received and you you read into it a lot
more than you were meant to and B can
you also tell me what song you've given
somebody and you actually meant it
because I remember I made a CD from my
high school crush and I put can't take
my eyes off you on it and at the time I
thought that summarized everything that
I felt it would have been really awesome
and I've been able to give it to him but
he wouldn't let me within a 1 kilometer
radius of him so one day I would give it
to you I know where you live
yeah some people have crushes who
they're allowed to talk boos I'm doing
whatever know a couple of shoutouts I
want to say hi to these guys who I
bumped into um I was actually in a taxi
when these guys started to say hi
through the window so I had to hop out
to take the photos with them and when I
hopped back into the cup into the cab
the taxi driver looked at me was like
why they want photos with you and being
hilarious ^ awesome that I am
played because I'm good-looking and he
went no really why I was okay fair
enough so thanks for that I also need to
do a shout out to Christine and B who I
bumped into today and also a shout-out
to Cory who I bumped into at the station
Cory made his mates TV and so I forgot
his other name wait for me I didn't know
I was on the phone having a huge
argument with somebody I'd also just
hopped off the plane so I was looking
really crazy and I was you know
screaming into the phone and then I
realized after a while but Cory and his
mates were saying there and his mates
were looking at these really hot girls
walking past cuz they're all in
Halloween costumes legs up to here and
heels like this hi and then they would
turn to me this crazy little short asian
girl screaming into a phone and they
were like yeah thanks for making us wait
for this this is not impressive so I'm
sorry about that you know it is
impressive though the 300-plus video
responses I received in my last video of
you guys doing freaky shit thank you for
that I also received several photos and
I have been how to go through them all
but I would like you know that every
time I do I'm vomit within about 5
minutes what is with you guys I was like
hey I'm double-jointed look at how cute
this is and you're like oh you know what
I can do yeah I just kind of feel that
this is an appropriate place to stop and
and turn to bond a music / comment time
so know why it rocks you a week I can do
that trick but with all types of cake an
electric Bobcat - Shea Lily g95 you're a
freak and average dawn I would like to
see this demonstrated penny raw yes I
have very few social skills and exhibit
defective woman make everyone hot don't
bad I thought that was the thing and you
know what guys at this point in our
relationship I feel that you should just
accept my accent and Patriots fan 11
it's a miracle that I'm alive man I'm
surprised my parents decided to keep me
seriously man I bet you down that one
thing they really wish they'd refunded
you
