hi so as you can probably tell I been
moving furniture around my house and
I've been applying what I like to call
the fuck measuring tapes I'm an idiot
technique
oh dude fuck measuring tapes is like
just as accurate a thermos just gonna go
over here now man this is the most
organic way to like measure anything a
I'm so smart
look at that I like a tiger man fits
perfectly or if you're a little bit more
advanced like I am there's that no
really I'm very very stupid technique
thank God I have a hundred percent body
control man look at this really really
still just keep your hands exactly where
they are
walk slowly walk slowly man how come
every time I do this it's the same
measurement no really and very very
smart and for those Jedi Masters out
there there is the yes really imaginary
lines technique longer than the arm so
imaginary line right here and then elbow
line right here all right you guys all
I'm saying right like I constantly end
up with things that just don't fit
yeah it's okay I wanted to ask you guys
a question though what is do you have
anything in your room that you have
borrowed from somebody or they've let
you borrow and you feel guilty about
still having it because my friend left
her keyboard here and I mean piano
keyboard and it has been here for a good
five years I haven't seen her since so
suppose technically we might not still
be friends but maybe this is why but she
left it here and it's still here and
every time I look at it I feel this huge
pang of guilt and you may be saying when
you just go and give it back to because
I don't know where she lives anymore I
don't have a number anymore we'll figure
it out but yet let me know if you've
ever bought anything and you feel huge
amounts of guilt because maybe you can
make me feel better in fact maybe you
can make me feel better anyway just know
um my last video asked you guys what
your what the most you know practical
useful gift you've ever received were
and there were some fantastic answer so
if you have any times you go back and
read the comments I'll put some
important massage comments out of course
and a couple of shots to some people who
I bumped into and I mean a couple I
really may like to this time and a
special shout out to this photo which
was sent in to me by Nicole and her
sister who drove past I was making a
video with some friends and instead of
saying hi they took a stalker picture on
their phone thank you for that um yeah
so I'm gonna keep cleaning now because I
never realized up until this point that
I was a hoarder realized I was all okay
it's funny music / comment time and
TARDIS 910 I would kill for a William
Shakespeare doll and sixteen Bell double
zero my friend and I have massive
arguments about people who buy journals
I am on your side and Triple X grenades
triple X is that a true story I can't
imagine that happening why did they
think this game board showed up in the
first place I don't know man maybe your
parents do believe in Santa Claus and
USS a37 yeah man heaps heaps and IX
killed eggs for cookie X thanks man
thanks and perky porn I don't know what
you're talking about man I'm Asian I got
two you know who else has to - really
beautiful round
