hi so last night I was called to a
friend's house for an emergency but so
let me get this straight
you killed it was a gigantic cockroach
how can you kill a gigantic cockroach
yes with this shoe yes
it's still under the shoe yes and now
you want me to clean it out okay how's
that no if you don't do it I'm gonna
leave it there you're over the fly in it
science in it there's a dead fly under
there yeah and you're not gonna move it
no I'm not gonna move it for you man
okay no just leave it there you serious
I'm just gonna leave it here I'm gonna
leave it here for because that's how you
have to definitely two days okay I'll do
it
fine thank you
it's not like I liked ya so there you go
apparently there are people who kill
insects and then make their friends deal
with it thanks dude I don't know but yes
it was very interesting though to be
fair now that I think about it every
time when my fish dies I I call someone
into the room dad yeah um now as you
know underage girls are my specialty so
I went to a quick shout-out to these
girls who I bumped into tonight it was a
birthday dinner and they were incredibly
sweet and they did something very class
you have to show you guys this they
shouted me a drink the waiter came over
and brought me a drink
I had school girls buy me a drink and
they very charmingly wrote PS the drink
is not spite now I'm not gonna lie I was
sitting with four men and they were
pretty jealous only problem is there's
no number on this no I'm drinking so I
also bumped into a couple of other
people as well who sent their pictures
in so thank you for that
now my last video ask to you guys to
tell me what your shame shows were and
actually the same names kept coming up
the most popular ones included the hills
Gilmore Girls and Hannah Montana you
know that's not
that bad it's not as bad as the security
I saw in the store during the week check
this out
the guy left the store and he changed
the door to the gumball machine it made
me laugh and I was thinking to myself if
I were a bad person if I had guts I
would steal something right now and I
was trying to think of what I would
steal so let me know what you would
steal from a convenience store cuz I
know what I would steal I'll tell you
next time write it in the comments and
let me know but think about it you want
it you want to steal one thing and you
want it to be worth the most money let
me know down there I don't know it was
interesting security because heaven
knows and I lock your mama'll I'm okay
disappointing music / comment time and
you know what guys I say mind your spot
and done a lot of caba√±a really do
people really call fives I have never
heard that before but I'm gonna try it
see if I get slapped being a human
contact I get and fire wind water one
two three you know what mate I watched
the first season of The Bachelorette I'm
not gonna lie I loved being grossed out
by how quickly they would make out with
different peoples yeah astounding and
don't forget the baby seventh heaven was
what everyone watched back when I was in
high school Jessica Biel was apparently
the shoes and you know what don't worry
about it man my parents felt the same
way when I was a baby they never fed me
