hi so I mentioned in my previous video
that had been feeling a little ill and
it reminded me of how very precious I am
when I feel sick and how I need to
convince everyone around me that I'm
extremely sick yeah man what are you
wrecking yeah and I don't know but if
you touch my head it's like way hot
yeah feel how hot that is man do you
feel it again fill it again fill it
again it's hot can you feel it yeah it's
not that bad dude I think your bones
really hot you just not pressing hard
enough you feel I'm hot it is out all
right let me feel your dude I'm not
saying you're not sick my head is way
hotter than yours I also have the
tendency to be extremely dramatic and
act like I'm dying I suppose I should
look outside see what the rest of the
world's up to I'm incredibly sick that
some girl outside reading a book but
when I do that love to read a book right
now we go jogging when one is sick job
you don't jog I do sometimes
why did once well that's nice friends
having a laugh outside I bet my friends
missed me you don't have any friends
yeah but if I did they'd miss me keeps
after thank you guys for the comments
that you left in my last video because
they had me in stitches I asked you guys
to leave the most rebellious thing you'd
ever done in the comments and I had so
much fun reading through them so thank
you so much I really appreciate you are
giving me a good laugh there and um I
mentioned I went to a movie last video
yeah
since when do movies start playing at
zero one past the hour I checked out the
board for the times and all these movies
kept showing up as I don't know is this
a new thing I'm just wondering and
speaking of pictures you know when I
showed you that hilarious sign last time
the one with sandwich miss spelt with an
extra edge so it looked like which I'm
saying next and I'm like which like
which sandwich I'm not gonna explain
hilarity to you yeah he saw something
else that was funny today check this out
look at you see it says product name
here you know like the description it's
funny cuz it's had me laughing also the
shop
like can you believe what they've let
you go yeah don't worry buddy make it
round I'm wanted okay it's funny music /
comment time and say you must sue
there's some hardcore stuff going on
right there and gypsy chick 7 I don't
know what you're talking about your mum
says keen every single night and I
soloed Chuck Norris that is hilarious I
always freak out my mates want to bring
food into cinemas cuz I carry a bag and
I always end up the person who sneaks
the food in once they put McDonald's in
and I smelt like a cheeseburger it was
highly embarrassing and I know I know
I'm so sorry I really wish blonde jokes
weren't so hilarious it's not that it's
about blondes it's I don't know they're
just very good and I can't believe I got
so many comments inquiring what an iced
chocolate Ward's crazy stuff it's like a
hot chocolate but iced yeah it's
delicious
you know else it's delicious
