hi so I just had an interview for a
possible Rolling Stone article and it
really brought home that I'm just I'm
not cool at all but no you can't have my
number
hi hi were you hiding around the corner
before what no I that could not really
she's wearing exactly the same size nice
weather outside
eh okay let's say let's get this started
it must be a pretty exciting for your
friends to be friends with someone so
cool and dude back like Lord of the
Rings man don't do it roto eMED Oh Andy
yeah they get pretty jealous sometime
what's a typical day in the life of
natalie tran dude only thing you get how
awesome i have its spelling lots of
parties um drinking whores mm-hmm oh
excuse me it's my phone that's why today
hello
hey dude where are you everyone's online
ah it's my manager well you'll have to
tell them that movies just aren't
something that I'm looking into at the
moment do you really freaking out are
you ok you're not online I have to go
okay bye sorry no worries
oh now a lot of internet celebrities get
offered things like you know photo
shoots and interviews and I'm sure many
of the men's magazines have contacted
you shit I let you win that I let you
win that Matt yeah and that's why they
pay me that the minimum wage actually no
I think about it it's always been ma'am
I need your help with something guys I
went past this sign I don't know what it
means what it could possibly mean apart
from warning people wear Crocs I think
that's the only interpretation really if
you can think of any other than let me
know that would be awesome I know I talk
about Battlestar Galactica lot but this
I just want to mention this I bumped
into Kelly from battle side life 3 when
we bumped into I mean lined up for her
autograph and I got her and she wrote
Natalie I can't believe the chief left
me for you in this hilarious kind of
fictitious family portrait
and I thought I was being very funny at
the time that she charged me for that
not only did she charge me for that when
I asked for a photo with her she also
charged me for this little happy snap
and I get they have to make money but
it's extremely awkward when you have to
stand in front of somebody and decide if
they're worth the money hi can i grabber
Thanks sure
this is $20 by the way a series yeah
20 it's fine just signing
his basis means RTA like a small lunch
I'll have to catch a bus home
we're having in money pit Marty
could you make sure you write like a lot
like more nuts
20 things
I don't know it's just kind of foreign
to me this concept of paying people for
a piece of them stop I know what you're
about to type stop backspace yeah I know
sorry speaking of features though I
should show a couple I need to give some
shoutouts and don't be mean I got so
many comments on my last video not that
I don't love me some Asians but there
were people who weren't Asian in that
collection yo it's not just white people
what's your problem man come up say hi
take a photo with me I'll make it easy
come back to my place with on something
a little bit comfortable and wicked okay
it's funny music / comment time and I
loved this little series of comments
here I thought those very funny and it's
it's not called creeping up on people
man it's called admiring their beauty I
don't know why people get so offended
and yeah I all right look everyone in my
world old women and homeless people have
converse shoes there's nothing I can do
about it and if I ever saw that sign I
would probably give them money yeah well
I really just don't get why you're so
mean
