hi so I never know whether or not to be
offended where I'm meeting a friend and
sorry hey oh hey what are you doing oh I
thought it was you huh you serious
match time looks like II know I just
thought I look different
what are you doing oh I'm sorry I
thought that was you
and I swear very rarely do I ever look
anything like me and I can't tell if
she's joking because she does it on the
phone as well
I just don't think that we could do this
anymore well maybe one hello hey what's
our total oh nothing I was just worried
phew twice
so what'd you say oh sorry it's my ID
huh my bad ozs we'd get there 12:00 what
I didn't sound like that dude a sound
like you I think the baby we shine like
that I don't know whether or not to be
offended or just genuinely concerned
that my friends think that I look like
old people and what kills me is when
they say the line oh it's just from
behind you seen all people from my men
because I have ooh
but um yeah no it's just concerned sorry
can I do a really rich at it to Helen
who's in town at the moment she was kind
enough to put the jumper um in her cup
and the back of a coat to make a hunch
and walk down the street for me
award-winning performance right there
and can I also do a quick shout to a few
of the people who I bumped into who are
kind enough to send in photos yes a lot
of the people age and I'm constantly
having a tough time trying to convince
you that I don't meet just Asian people
it's just that I should people are
usually the ones who send photos in who
are nice enough yeah you know what I'm
talking about
sorry no it's just not that there's
anything wrong with Asians I'm Asian I
love Asians it's just that I like these
people and these people was that wrong I
have some really exciting news I'm going
to comic-con I went you know how I'm
getting to comic-con because I think
it's important to be honest about it at
the moment because newspapers and all of
that like to on YouTube because
they don't understand it I don't know um
I'm going to comic-con because Disney
gave me access to the event they also
gave me the AP answers to their panel if
they haven't paid me to say nice things
about them or anything like that it's
just that they've given me a really
wonderful opportunity if you watch my
supernova video you'd know that I
like conventions and the node so I just
want to let you know how that's
happening why that's happening and that
I'm not going to be pushing things to
you that aren't awesome I'll only show
you awesome things like this okay it's
blowing music / comment time and I'll
bugger off you know when you have kids
at your birthday party because you
follow them home from school and no I'll
stop right there and yeah I kept the
headless baby I couldn't better throw it
away I felt really bad after I cut its
head off and again nothing against
blondes it's just their funny jokes and
you know what mate you will one day
because I'll just practice I'll just
keep doing it and doing it until I'm
good
just like
