hi so you have a look at a keyboard and
think I've never seen you before
hi everyone thanks for coming so this is
the first meeting for keystroke two are
used as often and so sexy and by next
week we're going to be talking about
believe which is probably something a
lot of you experience from the more
popular keystrokes I get you so much may
be permanent so long ah what are you
looking at student Keith drew spacebar I
guess the best thing that we could do is
start off by introducing ourselves
telling everyone a little bit about you
hi I'm scroll lock it's been 11 months
since I've been used and that was that
was by accident
that's probably experience that a lot of
you can relate to
hi I'm backslash I've never been used
thank you for that hi I'm caps caps
indoor voice oh sorry
Fran
hi I'm caps lock it's been three months
since I've being used and I'm only over
used in arguments or breakups
hi I'm end how many of been use once and
that was during a press any button to
continue situation
hi I'm insert it's not my fault that she
disappears when you press me hi
I'm just wiggly bean under the wife I
guess the last time I was used was when
Emerson was big and everyone use me in
the user names but since then it's not
being so much okay well thank you
everyone for sharing I think we all
deserve a round of applause but for now
you've learned quite a bit about your
fellow neighbors so maybe next time
you're on the keyboard you can look Gus
and say hi just so you know scones and
refreshments tea and coffee out the back
we have so many ones asking you know why
is there a caps lock key how often do
you ever have to type uppercase letters
consecutively for a long period of time
and now I think about it it's true we
could just remove it but the reason I
don't remove it is the same reason that
I collect screws and bolts and nuts that
I find around the house it's because I
know that this has come from somewhere
important and I should just keep it just
in case so I should show this photo from
Jennifer who I bumped into on the train
I realize now that I've been wearing my
tags in most of the photos so um so I
took them off for this video but I'll be
wearing them again next video and they
jingle they make a lot of noise a couple
of you complained so it is a tight
around your mum's waist and I can hear
it coming down the hall okay it's
pointed music / comment time and what a
stupid question of course I mean it when
I say I hope you do and while I always
mean it when I say of you doing well and
I loved this joke bye
and the electric maybe laugh very much
and call Rubik that's because she gets
paid by the hour
and stop it he was turning me on
you
