hi ever wonder about those sexy singles
in your area websites what's wrong oh
just my ex-boyfriend posted this picture
of mine on the website as a cool journal
so you know it really is sexy single in
my area but I am high Oh you I'm a
housewife looking for some fun while the
hubby's out get out of town that stuff's
real you Bechet so real oh my god you
think that's wrong what's your story I'm
15 these 15 am I gonna get into trouble
you're a child did someone say child
what's wrong with your voice
I'm not really a young woman I'm an old
man where did you get your picture from
Google people put fake pictures I'm from
Google - guys so to see you just got to
know me I knew I'd seen your photos so
I'm I cannot trust you with your idea
don't we have this website I knew it
would be doing this why did someone say
wrong because I often questioned the
legitimacy of so me the profile pictures
because I'm like you're not local no one
in my area has a full set of teeth
bullshit but yeah anyway sorry and the
internet is full of awesome people some
of whom I got to bump into this week so
here's a quick shout to the people who I
bumped into
others bidet you didn't feel like you
should send me the photos huh was it cuz
I was wearing these I'll never stop
wearing these my friends are getting
really pissed off that I'm wearing these
tags everywhere they find it highly
embarrassing you know what these don't
make me any more of a social outcast
than I already a.m. yeah yeah that
doesn't get the ladies I don't know
hey it's putting music slash comment
time this comment by Boone jamming one
reminded me of that episode from
Arrested Development don't know if
you've seen it but it's very funny and
yeah I don't know why we kept holding
hands after we high-fived it's probably
because she likes me and if you guys
have the chance to then please pause
right here and read this joke posted by
Melissa 104 74 it is it's it's yeah
that's good and that's why there's no
party like an S Club party you see what
I just did there that was yeah high-five
