hi I'm terribly sorry this gonna be a
quick video because I just got my wisdom
teeth out which is always a very
glamorous experience sorry I just want
to fuck it what the fuck is happening
from your mouth sorry because I've given
you a little bit of a local anaesthetic
your lips are actually going a bit numb
it's gonna be a bit harder to talk oh
there's been a hot no not during the
procedure because I've numbed the area
that I'm going to be working on hey cuz
I'm watching okay I'm just gonna know
it's numb you know what we cannot so
last time I got my wisdom tooth that you
remember I bragged about how it didn't
hurt I take that back in tighly because
these ones hurt almost as much as what
happened to me at supernova the other
day I went back this is me and my Harry
Potter gear all excited to meet Viktor
Krum of course when I got there the
story of my life but on the upside I got
to meet so many awesome people from
YouTube on the second day as well and I
have photos but I'll show you next video
because my mouth is hurting so
