hi so you know in action movies in the
chase scenes there's always one person
who's tagging along and then the other
person usually says something like don't
leave you guys see I have this theory
that if chase scenes were real they'd go
down like this
dude fuck it you're in hiding spud why
you run slow dude I'm your best friend
man you're slowing me down and you got
the leg you're bleeding
dude I'm injured leaving a trail you
probably smell you got the are any other
living person
yeah so let me live go and find your
hiding spot I'm bleeding don't make me
do this
whoa dude okay okay
the safe measure oh because if you think
about it even when you played
hide-and-seek as a kid you never liked
sharing hiding spots you know there's
only enough space in here for beard if
you come it he should totally fight us
out for my best friend yeah but you
always lose
go find your hiding spot that's really
mean
quick dude I mean she's coming she's
coming well hurry up go go under the
piano I'm only joking I'd let you share
my hiding spot but you know I mean it's
always that one extra tag long he
becomes a menace later on they're the
one who becomes a hostage so they run
too slow but um oh sorry can I just do a
quick shout-out to these lovely girls I
bumped into them at Circular key and
they asked for a photo and I was really
stupid and I met a photo of all of us
together and I was like yeah my phone
has a camera so I took a little photo
with them I was like I'll send that to
you I'm sorry I just my stupidity always
it just never ceases to amaze me they
meant a photo with all three of us and
all they got was a shitty quality photo
from my camera and now I just have a
photo of two schoolgirls on my phone not
that I don't already have several it's
just that you guys are wearing clothes
Ching um yeah no sorry about that
yes running chasing x' hide-and-seek
i've played higher to take a long time
but i play peek-a-boo every now any mom
okay it's falling music / comment time
and yes i totally walk a way to avoid
the awkward goodbye as well but i don't
know what rape alley is madness that's
where i meet people um yeah and I love
this parking meter guide jogos it may be
chortle as did as did the common boy
5000 comment which I probably shouldn't
admit to laughing at but it made me
laugh a little and yeah you know what
just wear my face balls man
it's just where my face falls and I
absolutely do appreciate that you guys
leave the best comments in YouTube land
I really love what are reading through
the comments I'm sorry if I don't say
thank you enough so thank you thank you
thank you said
