hi so you know when you're creating a
new password and it does the whole enter
new password actual password must be
between 9 and 15 characters long
punctuality and contain an uppercase and
a number and a symbol let's not have any
consecutive must wear a scarf when you
type it and you must possess a lock of
Jennifer Aniston's hair and you mustn't
have clicked any BuzzFeed lists in the
past 24 hours well that's impossible
they trick me and they have very catchy
titles so of course you forget it the
next time you log in and you have to
pull one of these yes go on retrieve me
my password and then you go through the
whole security questions thing what was
your first pet's name dog because
seriously those are the security
questions I mean anyone could know that
what was my mother's maiden name what
street did I grow up on I want to see
real security questions questions where
the answers are so embarrassing only I
know them that's a security question
which word can't you spell entrepreneur
nor entrepreneur entrepreneur how old
were you when you lost your virginity 18
how old were you when you really lost
your virginity 20s and by the way if
anyone ever did take the trouble to you
know getting into half the accounts that
I sign up to that's what a hacker looks
like what but you know they'd go to all
that trouble
who was your childhood best friend Becky
of course Alyson thought it was her but
as if and then all they've learn is that
I do a lot of online shopping at 5 a.m.
and then freak out when I see the
shipping costs smell you later
I've seen a lot of movies and I know
movies a a fact and I know that we're at
the point of Technology now we can do
crazy things like eye scans a figure
print so I think you know what ditch the
passwords and the security questions I'm
ready for a secret handshake please
enter secret handshake
that's it on top over the map
and shake must contain three fist-bumps
two back slaps and at least one
high-five
I don't know passwords or weird things
and then every now and then someone
freaks me out by giving me their
password now would you better grab my
phone from your bag and the password is
five eight no no no hey no no zero oh
now I know it I can't unhear it it's
fine it's just my password I didn't want
that kind of responsibility oh okay look
I promise I won't tell anyone I cross my
heart I hope to die Stitz not a huge
deal I just didn't know we were like
such good friends you know like password
close I mean you don't even follow me
back on Twitter not that it bothers me I
didn't want to mention it but I just
feel like maybe now's an appropriate
time you don't follow me back it's
polite I'm not on Twitter very often but
you tweeted like 30 minutes ago I
favored it was very funny
who's the annoying person that you're
heading around with look it's totally
fine we're friends I trust you that
means a lot to me like means a lot I
guess look now I think about it I guess
we hang out so much we're kind of like
best friends I know sash is my best
friend I mean I know you think you are
but as if oh so the best friend was
Sasha not me
now I need the street name um what
street what street did you say you grew
up on again anyway let me know in the
comments below what's your password no
I'm any joking I have enough passwords
to remember to forget but you know what
the thing is I forget my password so
often I always see that thing you know
no you can't use this password you can't
use any passwords you've used the last
five times and then I rack my brain and
then I realize not sorry there's only
five words apparently that I think is
suitable for passwords I use them on
rotation no other word has what it takes
other words they're you know they try
out but they don't got what it takes to
be a password I don't know it's very
very limited vocabulary but anyway I
hope you guys have been well in my
absence I apologize you're probably not
been noticing it and this is just very
annoying but do subscribe so that you
can get notified when I do make a video
then you can receive the notification
and you can ignore it and then I can cry
and it would just be like every other
day anyway I hope you guys have been
really well and I will see you soon and
until then it's border music / comment
time you know I was looking through the
video analytics on my last video all my
video you all drop off here I didn't
even know if I should keep doing this
anymore
cuz you know this takes a lot of effort
to make look this does Natalie just
scream cap these things like she doesn't
even resize them properly and look at
this this is 2015
bitch get some editing happening yet
that takes out but I screenshot it my
desktop is filled with thousands of
screenshots you have no idea yeah
screenshot 5060 six five thousand six
hundred and sixty six five
