hi so you know when you're saying
goodbye to someone and it's a pretty big
deal well I guess this is goodbye for
six months I know it's such a long time
and then this happens okay well I should
probably go but hey I'll see you in six
months okay bye
oh you're going this way
and it's so awful cuz this is awkward
tension after you've just said an
emotional goodbye six months is such a
long time this is my stop do I do
another big goodbye is uh no that's
awkward but otherwise it's just rude if
I just say good okay bye
you know what's so awkward and
disappointing it's because if the first
goodbye is good but the second or the
third is is just never as good it's
always a leg down and disappointment Oh
tell you what else was disappointing I
went to who does the other night with
some friends asked and at one point all
the girls in the restaurant are the
waitresses got up to dance I don't know
what I was expecting but I don't have
very high expectations and this is a kid
you not this is the dance the girls did
it was brilliant choreography like I'm
not expecting so to Celaya something
like that but it was just a little bit
disappointing but then I came home and
look I found this giant piece of chalk
and bubble wrap they don't call me a
party animal at all actually okay it's
porno music slash comment time and you
know that is very true I never even
pointed that out in the before photos
there's always just one people they
suffer from terrible acne in the form of
one bloody pimple and I am
I love this response because my parents
used to do it all the time
yeah you can do that but it just might
result in death just so you know and
this this hey it's Nancy joke was was
quite cute as was this officially Olivia
one as well and it's I'm pretty sure
it's I'm just fat I'm just saying
