hi so it's watching one of those
skincare commercials where they get a
celebrity to endorse the product and I
never noticed before how many times they
have to spin in these ads not only that
they also always have a secret you want
to know a secret that's my secret it's
cotton you too Tina now I hate to be the
one to call bullshit but I don't think
the secret is Neutrogena just once I'd
love a celebrity to make an ad like this
you want to know a secret
you don't know the secret you haven't
heard all right I'll tell you my secret
I'm Vanessa fucking Hudgens
I'm Katie fucking holmes man I'm Jessica
Alba
I look good preggers I was born
good-looking I don't go to grocery store
event like soberly what that's all
poverty abuse yes that I'm rich oh yeah
yeah and Brad Pitt uses axe I've never
had acne - libraries lie it's like when
I say interviews oh yeah I just drink
plenty of water it's like what holy
water what do you lady I would drink
your bathwater if I could look like you
for a day that was a little bit creepy
sorry about that
but speaking of drinks check this out I
went to the hospital the other day and
they categorize their drinks so red
stands for unhealthy and green stands
for healthy and not surprisingly the
only drink which fulfill the criteria
for the green category was water
so perhaps celebrities are telling the
truth when they say that water is what
they drink and thus they're good-looking
mm-hmm so that's probably about as
believable as when you know when
reporters are slurries hey would you or
would you have a date a fan or the
fourteen-year-old girls scream and the
guy goes yeah totally it's like yeah
totally and I'm totally gonna date a
celebrity one day who knows sorry I'm
quite irritable because as attractive as
this sounds I'm teething at the moment
my wisdom teeth from this side are
growing at the ripe old age of 22 that's
hot yeah no I mentioned in a previous
video that I had these two extracted I
was playing to get these ones out soon
after but I I got a little bit busy and
I should do so next week though now that
I'm on holidays
yeah I'll ask the dentist if I can take
you guys in no it's horrible I'm going
around trying to chew on everything
lately I've been biting on things just
your mother got upset apparently I heard
her but I was like hey lady you've had
kids I thought you were used to them
chewing on your nipple okay it's
pointing music / comment I'm usually I
don't include stupid comments but this
first one really took the cake and yes
retching is quite effective in fighting
and Jess Brown I loved your comment I
constantly lie to people when they ask
me what I'm up to a mica at a party man
where else would I be yeah and you were
very lucky that this person pointed out
that you had no spaces cuz I had no idea
what your comment was about and I don't
know what you're talking about dude I
constantly fight naked people then
eventually they agree to I get laid
