hi so I don't know if you guys have
noticed but my coordination skills are
not so good and as a result I constantly
have to battle strangers for
right-of-way and this is particularly
uncomfortable for me because you have to
constantly move from side to side and
then share a fake laugh and the thing is
when I bump into somebody I always do
the obligatory I'm sorry
and usually usually polite people say it
back and what irks me and what happened
today is every now then I bump into
people who refuse to say sorry oh hell
no son I'm an accepting responsibility
for that
you owe me sorry you're sorry am i sorry
would cancel each other out well I'm not
sorry now I didn't I didn't mean it what
I said I was sorry
yeah I'm not responsible for that yeah I
take my saree back
hey yeah you didn't say sorry yeah will
like me why sorry I was it was it was a
polite
I know what you're thinking be the
bigger person you screw that man now I
look like some clumsy person who just
bumps into people and has to apologize
yeah I take my sorry back speaking of
screaming I have to show you guys this I
have to share it with you my sister got
it for me
and you know when you receive presents
and you think how could I have lived my
whole life without this present I feel
this way about this book this book is
called scared of Santa it's a collection
of pictures of children screaming while
having their photos taken with Santa and
I think that this is hilarious this is
one of those books that's so inexpensive
and I think why is it not why is it not
a billion bucks look at that you know
the noise that kid is making I just love
like these poor kids and you know you
know they have to take these photos
because their parents are paying for it
but I just love that you can hear you
pretty much know exactly what noise is
coming out of these kids mouths this is
brilliant did you guys have photos taken
with Santa I never had photos of Santa
as a kid but watching looking through
this book I feel that I have experienced
Santa in every way possible is that
beautiful I love kids so much um ya know
I thought that was adorable so this is
fantastic and she just picked it up you
know one of those cheap little books but
if you find it and you figure out what
you if there's a whole bunch somewhere
let me know and I'll go and buy them all
but speaking of photos yeah a couple of
you were all smart asses in my last
video I mentioned that I lost the cable
to connected my computer to my my camera
what I actually meant was yeah thank you
for all of you who told me about SD
cards yeah chortle I meant the cord that
connected my card reader to my computer
I can't find it when I find it though
I'll be emailing back all the photos
that OH that I took with some people um
while I was at the John Green thing I so
excited I've so many photos so many
creepy photos of John Green Omega and
there's his wife some things you just
shouldn't do you know control Z control
Z okay it's funny music slash
and time and you know what don't feel so
bad about your mother not knowing what
lol stood for because I never knew what
ily stood for and that I love you I kept
thinking who is this illy bitch and why
is she all over the internet there was
like a min cook home thing happening and
I love that black bear joke chortle and
I'm sorry amp I feel like I should
apologize on behalf of Joe Jonas for
that video being on the internet I feel
he owes the world an apology and I think
this comment is brilliant but I think
you're just looking at obstacles because
you know what sometimes you know you
just wants to pillow talk and cuddle
talk about a day
