hi so do you guys ever offer people
things and you don't really mean it yeah
well thanks for having me over here it's
it's cold outside you want me to walk
you home
gosh nads nice she's offering to walk me
home even though it's so cold outside
god I hope she doesn't say yes it's cold
outside
dude no that's crazy it's fine damn
straight it's fine
suppose I have to ask her again dude
it's no problem I can walk you home
seriously bro I just live like two
blocks down I just want to make sure
you're okay let me go grab my jacket
stop me stop me say no dude if you come
I'm not gonna talk to you if there is a
weight okay so stubborn well look I've
got my mobile me you give me call if you
change your mind and I'll come meet you
bye see you later
shit it's cold outside the only problem
of course is when you offer one too many
times and they accept OHS you could have
seen the brown ones quite nice
give me grab me a cup of tea hope she
says no I just packed everything away oh
dude no the tapes Joey you just packed
everything away dude let me go let me
make you a cup of tea dude it's fine
gosh that's so nice
oh she says yes I'll have to wash
everything again yeah okay I'll have a
cup of tea okay I'll go make un just
packed everything away I'm only joking I
mean it when I offer things I know a
whole bunch of you right now writing in
the comments your mum needs it when she
offers things
yeah that's cuz she gets paid yeah you
see I know what it is you saw pretties
also in my mind yeah see if you got that
one um heard your quick shout to John
Gray Nia's wife I just had a lovely
dinner with them they're both amazingly
awesome in everything nice people for
those of you who don't know John Green
who was one of the vlog brothers and
author of Paper Towns Looking for Alaska
and an abundance of katherines is in
Sydney oh and he's gonna be at
Kinokuniya tomorrow at 7 o'clock if
you're going to be there which I'm sure
a lot of nerdfighters are going to be I
will see you there
I'm actually going to be doing a talk at
creative for creative Sydney Festival
and then that doesn't finish till 7:30
but then I'll rush over to I'll run
quickly to the bookshop that's a lie I'm
on
I'm not gonna run I couldn't run quickly
if my life depended I'm gonna get
someone to drive me I'll go to the book
shop and um hopefully I'll see you and
some nerdfighters there ah speaking of
seeing you there I bumped into this guy
at Central on the way to dinner tonight
quick shout-out to you I am as you guys
see I'm not so good with the camera
aiming I was like let me take a photo
and then he looked at it I looked at it
and then it was it was we shared a
moment of embarrassment for me so I'm
sorry about that and I also bumped into
this guy at Central so it's kind of
weird but I can't remember if I showed
Darcy and Dylan in a video yet but these
guys were amazingly awesome I met them
in Melbourne they were sweet enough to
bring me lamingtons which was gorgeous
okay I think it's time for me to go I've
got to knock off another assignment
cause it's kind of I only do work for
about two weeks in the semester but yes
I'll see you guys very soon I should do
things with one hand don't okay it's
porno music / comment I'm you know Gabe
that made me laugh cuz that's the kind
of thing I do I had to hold up my hand
like five times to indicate 25 minutes
and I think I'm really cool like I'm
speaking some kind of cool baseball sign
language thing and I would learn to play
the final countdown only because it's
from Arrested Development and I love
this sex ed joke that was funny a wild
boy brought taste but I loved I'm
ashamed to say and Will Smith world you
kind of confused me
am i hot and you're destined to be lady
because my surname is Tran as as yours
cuz if that's the case man relatives are
not hot yeah just gonna put that out
there and Cecil's username I don't know
man but I would recommend you don't fuck
pandas either way
