hi so you know what's tricky to lesson
Thank You IG sure gesundheit yeah oh hey
you've had your fun because everybody
knows multiple sneezing decreases the
amount that somebody cares for you and I
know it's a bit of an outdated practice
but personally I feel a little bit rude
when I ignore people who sneeze but it
got me thinking how great would it be if
you could outsource these kind of
outdated problems
hello sneeze cover how are you that's
great could you hold dad sure thanks
thanks for holding how can I help um I
was just wondering if I'd better get
some sneeze cover have you look at our
website you can do this stuff online now
yeah I just want to do on the phone oh I
see so you're old sorry nothing okay
well you have the basic level which
means that you're poor and that covers
you for up to three sneezes or you could
try our Platinum dispatch service what
is a dispatch service do
three types of with a platinum member in
zone four needing some help when
dispatch immediately sure hi I'm from
sneeze care and bless you that's right
at sneeze care will acknowledge any
sneeze that comes your way
in fact multiple sneezes don't faze us
at all
but you bless you again on average we
save our Platinum members about fourteen
ghazan tights or bless yous a year
that's equivalent to five point six
seconds think about all the things you
could do you could half fold a shirt or
you could fold one really poorly
you could put toothpaste on a toothbrush
you could start to dial the number for
sneeze care you see what I did there and
yes I know it's just as annoying for the
person who sneezes as well because then
they have to say thank you and then it
becomes a cycle but like I said it's
this with systematic courtesy instilled
in us and you know they could outsource
their stuff to thankful thanks we're
thankful you called how can I help
hi I need some assistance with some
thanks going or chip bless you thank you
bless you again thank you again and then
the vicious cycle of outdated courtesies
after you you can go first after you
after you can look after themselves you
after you know after you no I insist
oh no no no no after you but see the
irony the hypocrisy of all of this is
that when I sneeze I think about 5% of
me expects some kind of acknowledgment I
think we all do hey sweetie how's your
day was great Rodney I fell asleep at my
table and I dreamt for five seconds that
I was with somebody else oh I had a
pretty rough day at work day car broke
down on my way to a client had a tough
time finding you your favorite cereal
just sometimes feel like you
hello sneeze care night service how can
I help
oh hey it's me I'm just wondering if you
could send someone out I mean I'm a
platinum member as well mate I've told
you before we don't have any assistants
out in your area at nighttime you're
gonna have to assist yourself
I heard you sneeze before bless you
thanks means a lot
no worries you know you're worth
something Ronny Am I
hey Natalie that last part of the video
was a little bit too depressing can we
not go there again sure no worries we
won't I think the actual thing is though
guys the reason that you don't like
somebody or you get annoyed by somebody
continually sneezing is because you
subconsciously feel that saying bless
you is a solution to the problem like oh
I blessed you so you need to cut that
 out you need to get it sorted but
maybe that's just me let me know in the
comments below though how do you deal
with multiple sneezes are you crazy
person who just ignores them or do you
go insane and then lose a friendship let
me know in the comments below also in my
last video a few of you asked me how the
devil managed to hide in some red stuff
the scene actually went longer in fact I
feel way too much of devil angel stuff
happening I'll have to show you guys
sometime when you feel like dying but
anyway I hope you guys are really well I
hope you have a wonderful week I got
really sick this week and lost my voice
and it was wonderful for everyone around
me but terrible for me because then I
had to hear my own thoughts so I hope
you guys well stay well and I will see
you guys soon bye okay it spawning music
/ common time and jealousies madness and
a lot of you actually addressed people
who walk up escalators like their stairs
yeah look those people kind of just
wearing the push-up bra of physical
activity you ain't foolin nobody and yes
I made a huge mistake when I was the
professor and I mixed up my words but I
mix up my words constantly and I'm an
idiot so I'd be very surprised if this
was the only mistake
making in a video and you know what I'm
going to say no to this idea only
because I just think there were too many
videos about it and I feel like even if
I don't make this video you've made this
video in your mind
