hi so the problem with epidemics like
swine flu is that everyone freaks out
and there's only one way to calm them
down are you feeling sick
oh just getting a bit flowy dude what if
you have swine flu I don't have swine
flu you just got back from the states
you have swine flu do you have to I know
you I read about in the news if you come
back from the states you have swine flu
you have swine flu I don't I'm just wine
flu I got rid of it's contagious
me swine flu yeah you field swine just
whatever it feels totally whose wine
please no swine ah the Oh get this I
wake up this morning and there's an
email from my University and they're
saying to all the students hey don't
freak out not everyone who sneezes has
swine flu it's like when SARS happened I
don't have SARS you have SARS no no no
your house yeah you like stars not that
I'm suggesting that swine flu has
anything to laugh about but most
certainly that the misinformed hype and
the people contributing to that hype are
they're a joke because it's like you
know that media love to scare people it
drives sales through the roof it keeps
me for watching keeps reading people
love to be scared but getting that email
from my uni really upset me because it
made me realize that a lot of stupid
people attend my university which is
kind of upsetting let's talk about happy
things though let's talk about what came
for me in the mail today not only was it
naughty magazine day it was tickets to
Simon and Garfunkel day sorry to all the
people who follow me on Twitter I have
been bragging about these tickets the
longest time but it came in the mail
today I am excited um ya know if you
don't know who Simon Garfunkel oh we
can't be friends I'm about the people
who follow me on Twitter we've been
having an interesting kind of
conversation how could you not know what
Gosselin is Gosselin rocks you guys know
what Gosselin is don't you
Gosselin is yummy I'm gonna have to find
a place that make Gosselin that can talk
to me about maybe showing you guys how
to make it I know I said I'd make
lamingtons the truth is my kitchens
really small I can't film in it's tiny
you guys have seen it so when I find a
place where I can borrow my friend's
bigger kitchen larger kitchen sorry or
something I may
you lamingtons it would be very awesome
you know what isn't awesome though the
ugly world of the video which is the
word raunchy machi and the attractive
out of the video which is the word
macadamia macadamia anyway that was that
was unattractive sorry about that hi q
these lovely guys who were on my plane
on the way back who sent through the
photo thank you for sending it through
and I'm sorry to all the the people who
I offended in my last video who didn't
understand that I wasn't actually making
fun of Susan Boyle as making fun of the
judges you know when she when she
finished singing that chick was like you
know everyone in the room doubted you
and I know that they doubted you or
something like that which was basically
a screwed-up way of saying everyone in
here including myself thought you were
really fugly but wow you know no feeling
the love anyway I have to run cuz I'm
gonna have lunch and guess what I'm
happen I'm happened Gosselin you want
some Gosselin okay bye okay it's
pointing music / comment time yeah yeah
I know I asked for all these comments
there was some fantastic comments about
people putting two hands over their
heart when I come out and I asked for
them and they were fantastic you know
what then Lindt cafe is all right but
there's such snobs there don't go there
I hate it they make your line up and
stuff what is this man I go to Max
Brenner they're friendly and the
chocolates bit sweet but you know what
ends you know what cut man said there
are like six females in the top twenty
four most subscribed on YouTube and that
includes three celebrities like Miley
Cyrus Demi Lovato and Selena Gomez you
see I just like their names then so you
know what your theory is flawed and I
love that comment about the accent very
true and you know what nice nice
sighs you know who else is nice nice
