hi I apologize so very much for this
video being so late coming I don't know
if you guys know but I had a huge
emergency ronan keating just released an
album called songs for my mother
ironically he released on the same date
that I released my debut album which is
titled songs for your mother and
absolutely freak of nature you know I
have no idea but these things happen
anyway my city is available from many
major you know retail outlets if you'd
like to buy it I put a lot of thought
into the songs all jokes aside I just
came back from the states
and every time I go to the States I
remember that apparently I speak like a
pirate because somebody's Larry NAT can
I ask you a question
sorry honey I can't ask you did you see
where I put my bracelet on no that's
adorable you say it like no seriously
and Obama constantly talks about change
and I understand why now I have never
ever seen so many people change orders
in the most ridiculous manner have a
scrambled eggs but instead of the new
scrambled baby boiled and instead of any
eggs so baby broccoli I did a lot of
important business while in the States I
ate macaroni and cheese I saw the house
from full house I added a diner I got
this shirt I saw a copper and I also ate
a frozen banana from the stand well what
used to be the stand in Balboa and if
you watch Arrested Development you'll
know what that means it also means that
you and I would get a long way this but
up now I did see some lovely things I
saw the Golden Gate at San Francisco in
hell and I had who I hang out hung out
with sorry and she was extremely awesome
and we saw a lot of wonderful things and
then I went to New York and I went to
Jess's Bat Mitzvah it was fantastic and
I would show you pictures but jess is a
really cool girl and I don't want to
ruin that for her by by showing her you
I'll email her and if she's cool with it
I'll show you some
it was amazing ya know America's awesome
I bumped into a couple of you quick
flash photo time I actually bumped into
a lot more of you than that and you just
didn't send me the photos thanks guys
you must have really liked meeting me
anyway um ya know I also said I also
bombed into these guys in Sydney very
quickly oh that was a load your else's a
load though we were to the video which
is the way slava and the attractive mode
of the video which is the word melanoma
just so you guys know EJ me who is token
black she is back on the tube and making
videos I'm gonna put her link in the
side she is very funny she's that kind
of smart funny where they crack jokes
and you laugh and you don't realize why
it's funny until a couple months later
Jaime's extremely sarcastic extremely
funny and extremely cool so you should
check her out now I have to apologize
but the buck held a competition miss
YouTube competition and I came second
place to Jodi Hughes venetianprincess
which was very cool of hurt when I
didn't do an acceptance speech cause I
was in transit I didn't have a camera I
apologize buck I'm very sorry
um hot but thank you very much it's so
good I never ever thought I'd win
anything and I didn't this time wait no
all right I'm gonna stop because it's
been very long hmm I'm not used to
things going on for so long apart from
one thing
and that's pointing music slash comment
time I'll see you guys soon okay it's
funny music / comment time this one's
gonna be really cook on because the
majority of the comments which is
recommendations for things that I tried
to get as many of them done as possible
so thank you guys for everything and yes
I'm sorry the lamingtons video will come
I know I know I'm sorry
and it's just water water ah it is
pretty unattractive I know how to do
with unattractive things because I deal
with
