hi so don't know about you guys but I'm
a pretty lazy person so quite often I
received text messages from numbers I
haven't saved and I've got no idea who
they're from - we who the hell's that
and that's all good but then they call
hmm hello hey it's me hey how's it going
sorry do you know who this is so stupid
of course I know who this is
it's
it's a Americo an amazing amazing Joe
yeah and if you think that's awkward how
do you think I feel when this happens
check this out
hello mom who is it mom it's not hello
it's me who is it it's not I'm not
interesting rather sorry you see and you
should know just by the sound you know
what has an ugly sound the ugly word of
the video which is the word please and
the attractive word of the video which
is the word cascade before I forget I
get far too many comments about this
fish people like oh my god there's a bum
on your wall if that's my fish that's
the way it looks
yeah it's probably on my mum felt that
little thing that keeps falling around
that's my daughter I'm a DJ he made all
this stuff by the way my mum loves me
please know um yeah by the way I'm gonna
leave you guys today with a video that
makes me extremely happy I watch this
every day I'm not even joking I've met
John blog daily and on my Twitter and
Helen gave this to so said this to me
I'm going to show you guys um I'm gonna
link it at the end of the video but I
want should come back and tell me what
you thought because it makes me smile
and don't spare them I feel bad but yeah
let me know what you think and yes it's
awesome I think we should redo it all of
us see you guys soon hey you busy at the
moment
um okay it's porno music slash comment
time I know croissant is a word that I
can never ever get riding I never know
how to say it it's like I ever one of
those please
yes and they're open Zoomer had in
Montana movie and I did Spanish so I
know exactly what you mean and that so
mean I have to tell you guys in
Starbucks story remind me to tell you
Starbucks is awful don't drink it and
whoa - Zac Efron calls in one - good you
know who else is too good
