hi so whatever I'm going to stare vs.
escalator situation this happens take
the escalator I told you not to mix the
colors with the whites do you remember
that and then I pick the stairs and I
think to myself Oh Matt you're awesome
good on you your hearts gonna what have
you done there's so much pressure now
the people on the escalator are going to
think you're one of those forty people
when your physique is amazing God you
have to get to the top before them oh my
god why did you hit the stairs you idiot
you idiot not Usain Bolt
Oh No she's beating you she knows it was
a better choice ah vision regret but
it's true right when you pick the stairs
I mean that's a statement
now you're the person who orders a
sighted salad instead of a side of chips
well what do you do now you're the
person who takes a jog in the evening
instead of driving home to watch Netflix
well sorry all because now you're the
person who takes the stairs instead of
the escalator well because once you pick
the stairs you have to beat everyone on
the escalators it's the law no that's
not a real law yeah but it's a thing
right oh yes it's definitely a thing
when a person chooses stairs over
escalators they must beat the person on
the stairs it's the law we've been
through this before there is no such
thing I didn't know that you were going
to fact-check this so um we'll cut that
out um it is definitely a thing though
that there are stair people and there
are escalator people which got me
thinking why do I even try in the first
place whenever I try and take the stairs
I just miss out on all the fun that's
happening on the escalators I miss my
people I belong to them it's us versus
them the two can't mix what's this
what's this I must go to him if we
cannot be together than my grave is like
to be my wedding bed his name is Romeo
and a stair person stairs you're only
great enemy my only love sprung from my
only hate here's another thing sometimes
adaptations of Romeo and Juliet are kind
of hard to spot especially the modern
ones you have to be told so
this is Romeo and Juliet but we'll cut
to the balcony scene Romeo Romeo
wherefore art thou Romeo
hey sup how weird is this I always
thought that you would be on the balcony
must be the name or something you should
come up and packing my bag and we can
leave out the back these walls are high
and hard to climb what are you talking
about just climb the stairs
do you have an escalator my love this is
how we get to be together just climb the
stairs it's totes not worth it but how
are you guys when it comes to walking up
stairs do you fight the urge like I do
and then have all these mind games going
on or do you just not think about it
because you've got more important
to do I think I know the answer to that
anyway let me know in the comments below
I hope you guys are well before you ask
yes I did make this week maybe I'll make
you one I don't know did in this video
feel like walking up a long flight of
stairs to find out there was nothing up
the top yeah I apologize about that
hopefully next time we'll have a lift
hope you guys are well bye I'm doing a
load of washing she's got anything
whites-only no colors it's 2015 does
that anymore okay it's porno music /
comment time and it appears that the use
of a flip phone in my last video really
upset a lot of people and I forgot I was
actually gonna make a whole video with a
flip phone to remind me about that and
then you all reminded me that that flip
phone I had didn't even have a camera
but you know what you almost believed it
because my acting is that good and I
love your comments about Gary last time
I did a meet-up
actually someone brought a picture of
Gary for me to sign which was amazing so
thank you for making me laugh and I just
want to put this up to prove that I have
the best comments on the internet
imagine if someone saw this
