hi so I'm outside the cinema with a mate
and we're deciding what time we should
see a film
ok well easy virtue is on at 6 o'clock
or 8 o'clock so which time I don't mind
dude I really I have no preference it's
up to you I really don't mind you know
preference whatever's easier maybe 6 6
six is kind of we could do six yeah we
can see today yeah okay oh and then I
realized she's one of those people who
give you a choice that's not really a
choice which one do you want um I I like
the little one the little ones really
cute but you know what I actually like
the big one I'll have the big one that's
awesome so which one do you want pink or
green to be fair I do it as well
sometimes hey Drake we should take the
balloons to her now direct I should go
into the car park and suck the helium oh
I told you guys last video that I was
getting my wisdom teeth bad yeah I am I
got them out you all told me that my
face was ghost well if I was gonna be
excruciatingly painful you're all liars
and a bunch of it didn't hurt at all I
got them out didn't feel a thing
I went to the dentist got a couple of
needles and they pulled the teeth out
and I popped a painkiller fell asleep
woke up my face was a bit tingly my ass
was sawed and there was money on the
counter nothing out of the usual I don't
know what you're all on about but I'm
gonna get these ones out so I get these
ones out maybe this side will swell I
don't know I'll show you the I'll show
you the hole later on that's what she
said
I'm getting messages about Outback
Steakhouse apparently it's meant to be
representative of Australian food here's
my recommendation if you're going to eat
it Outback Steakhouse I highly recommend
you look on either side of Outback
Steakhouse and if there's anywhere else
in the area that sells food go there I'm
just saying I've eaten there before it
wasn't pretty you know what else isn't
pretty the ugly word of the video which
is the word button and the attractive
word is a video which is the word
bilingual now okay
I really want to film Earth Hour from
Sydney you know which is when they
switch off all the lights in the city
and I would love to just post it up as a
separate video so not really with any of
me in it if that's okay with you guys I
just want to let you know I'm planning
on doing that and then I'll post up a
regular vlog soon after is that okay I
hope that's okay now I received a couple
of comments and a lot of PM's actually I
guess cuz you do want to write this in
the comments about the love scene from
40 days and 40 nights which I made fun
of um a couple of you guys like NAT you
know I thought it was quite an erotic
scene and
I thought it was a little bit different
I thought a little bit different Dewey's
pleasuring her with a feather now as a
woman I'm just gonna put my opinion out
there some bloke was like I'm gonna
pleasure you with this feather I'd be
like hell no do you know how many
diseases get carried in a in a better
sign you put that shit away find a real
man no seriously
your mother's not teach you about
feathers and diseases that's odd because
your mother teaches me a lot during
porno music / comment time see you soon
okay it's porno music / comment time I'm
just gonna say I really want to say this
because I imagine the guy running past
saying aw jeez a picture and that makes
me laugh but perhaps it was a totally
different accent and lowly pop rock love
lollipops Rock love Nick I can never
read things when they're all in one
thing the hi dad thing was very cute I
enjoyed that and I think carrying a
giant veturi sign around is a sign that
you're an organized person I'm going to
show you guys the hole now ready it's on
this side and it's up the back ready um
and can I just say this person he was
the only person who pasted or copied
this comment and I think that is
absolutely smashing and I'm pretty sure
that Elks are real I looked them up
because I didn't really know what they
were either they are crazy look at
animals beasts you know who else is a
beast
