hi so whenever I watch nature
documentaries I always get incredibly
stressed when the animal dies oh oh
unbelievable and it always makes me
wonder how did the people filming not
get emotional because if I were involved
I would be very interfering hungry
the hyena approaches passing wildebeests
berry girl orange ah you don't have to
do it just alright you can have my lunch
mate you don't have to do it yeah the
door the bear struggles to capture fish
in a stream nearby being larger and
slower food has been hard to come by
Gaza Gaza I got you some salmon mate
the spirit bear feasts on salmon bought
by the documentaries producer this and
the subway sandwich she bought for him
will get him through the day and the
whole hiding in the bushes thing I don't
think I'd be very good at that either oh
sorry
Judy look away sorry just pretend we're
not here I'm sorry come on I'll give you
a mars bar come on king-size and ten
bucks I said I don't do it for the money
you know and the emotional trauma when
an animal dies this was Gary or that to
call him Desmond
I'd been filming Gary for it's so silly
that I'm crying Joey used to laugh at me
when I cried it I know you're not meant
to get emotionally tied to them and they
say when you start the job don't get
tied to the arable because if I dive it
to do I remember wet EU was little I
remember the first time he took a girl
by the bushes I remember the time when I
followed another desert because I
thought it was him for so long and he
was just laughing at me for mine
people like Gary sorry animals like Gary
they just show the world how beautiful
it can be
and that's why I'm not involved in
nature documentaries yeah that's why
just like how the reason I'm not an
Olympian is because I don't like
standing outside in the Sun if I were
filming a nature doctor I'd probably go
down like this mmm tapes good yeah I
should probably take this off my fight
oh ah I don't wanna get fingerprints
yeah the sad thing is I actually do keep
the screen protectors and all my things
I don't know I feel like kind of peeling
them off is you know it feels like the
phone is growing up it must be what it
feels like when a parent sends a kid off
to school when they see their child
graduate or get married it must be
exactly what that feels like that is a
very just comparison also you've
probably noticed I am a month older
you're a month older since we last saw
each other I know we need to stop
meeting like this I have been working on
videos however I am afraid that I look
too good in them so I haven't put them
up yet no they haven't quite worked out
but I am working on them I will see you
guys soon though because I am always
working on videos and I love making them
and I love reading your comments and
stuff like that so I will see you soon
and until then be well be safe and don't
touch each other but now cuz it's fun a
music / comment time and yes I know many
of you would dig in the facial hair in
the last video you know what guys was
natural it's crazy and a lot of you
asked to see Jenny and Jason get
together there were a lot of sex scenes
that I filmed but the lighting in them
was just awful so maybe I have to film
them again does that count as touching
yourself and I know this is dorky but I
love how many of you sent me pictures of
puzzles that you were also making how
great is it when the biggest losers ever
except this person this person's a
champion
