hi now I know I talk about insects an
awful lot but today I saw a spider and I
realized that because I'm too
chickenshit to kill them I do this thing
where I try and slide away unnoticed no
like seriously I do it in every
situation I think my mentality is that
if I keep eye contact with them and back
away slowly and let them know that I'm
totally not up for a fight this is me
being a coward story of my life I'm not
even going to try because you will win
that's my mentality
seriously story of my life that's why I
let mosquitos continually bite me sorry
I said mozzie in a cup in my last video
a couple of times I met mosquito they
have this strange fascination you're
biting my chest I don't know why because
you would think that there are much more
meteor places on my body than my chest
but anyway
oh speaking of chests so it reminds me
of the ugly word of the video which is
the word subtle I also got sent in a
couple of submissions for attractive
word of the video and you guys voted for
the words serendipity and soliloquy but
I don't like those words so I'm not
going to give you those I'm going to say
the attractive word of the day is the
word luminescent you guys nominate
really unattractive words for attractive
word of the day by the way I've told you
guys about Watchmen before I talk to you
about watch my - what about this power
board because I know that power boards
now apparently contain little inputs for
USB and from PC is this true because
this is a power board you know what I
mean maybe this is like when I
discovered electric scales
no one was excited apart from me because
apparently they've been around for years
but now no one told me anyway Watchmen a
lot of you been messaging me about
Watchmen saying look now it's okay
hey you obviously just didn't like
Watchmen because you didn't get it
hey whoa back up I got it
I mean this is like when I say you
didn't get my joke because my joke was
fantastic I got it it just wasn't that
great you know I'm saying it's like and
I've read comics by the way I understand
that a lot of them contain social
commentary in one form or another and
it's an underlying theme in most it's
just that I didn't find it that
entertaining
it's like shit Jr talk Lord of the Rings
was all about social commentary it's
just well not all about it the hobbits
in there was it's but you know war it
had a huge theme to it it's just that I
found it entertaining well at least for
the first two hours you know me mmm I
don't know I haven't made that many
great movies so might a judge be a movie
I've made that was good was the one I
made last night with your mom during
Potter music / comment time yes I did
google the word sleazy and my video came
up so thank you that there's a little
bit of an achievement on my half and I
know I hate it when you do something and
somebody blinks and you don't know if
they've missed it so you don't know if
you should do it again it's very awkward
much um
yeah look alright leave my wings alone I
was small eyes leave me alone and yes I
agree
elderly people do weak a lot I don't
know what it is I'm sorry about the this
bad guys but I like it some of the
responses are quite funny and I thought
this comment was hysterical
I'll go when it's your mom in bed I
always roll the other way
