hi so I was late to a meeting today
because there's something that I like to
call the walk or run dilemma oh man is
that the bus it is the bus run run
you'll make it go
run oh crap it's at the stop you won't
make it what it's stopping people run go
run you'll make it oh man it's been
there wait what it's still there run run
right you'll never forgive you oh man
play call playful you weren't running
play cool you know what I mean right I
do it all the time when I run for trains
I'll be like I'll make it no I won't
maybe I will live so I run and then I
some person's watching me and I like you
didn't make it and then the doors shut I
hate that unless I'm the other person
which I'm like huh can't believe she
just ran here I'm talking about
thanks for not liking the word lover
guys lover is a disgusting word you know
is also an ugly word the word crusts new
submissions for ugly word of the day now
taken a couple of you guys we're also
like hey Matt I forget to write because
you don't have one of those flashy
animation things I'm not gonna have one
because I don't like them but I tell you
what I will now add this phrase that
only my subscribers will know what it
means everyone else will find it
offensive a couple of you like a net
zack and miri rocked i can't believe you
didn't like zack and miri if you didn't
like zack and miri that obviously just
suggests that you're a prude you
probably just didn't like the new jet
guys you have me all wrong
I love nudity I think New Deal's is
hilarious especially when I'm looking in
the mirror but Zack and Miri just didn't
quite make it for me just didn't cut it
you know didn't make me laugh that's
that's your problem because you
obviously like crappy films I'm joking
no everyone likes something I was gonna
say oh yes is there a really strange
video I'm going to try and annotate it
here click it cuz it's weird and let me
know what you think mmm anyway hope you
guys had a lovely start to the week I
have to go because my battery pack thing
is flashing I wish you could see I'm
kind of panicking hope this makes it
speaking of making it pour a music slash
comment porno music slash comment time I
love this first one because it's just
like oh man you totally ruined it for us
and yet oyster was not just okay toy sir
I was pretty bloody good and yeah
Hurley lost I don't get lost you know
what I think the moral of taken was
absolutely to be bilingual and I can be
having slick man I can be the wine guy
and I can be whatever you want Miley
Cyrus in the pants
