hi so I do this thing and I'm sure you
guys do it as well where if someone
catches me doing something stupid I
pretend that I was joking I said to it
maybe if you weren't so rude to Tanya
I'd go my name is Anna obviously I was
joking about her bad memory about things
but it is about a hundred times better
if somebody's dancing I love this song
here man what are you doing obviously I
am joking I'm doing that thing when you
dance like an idiot yeah I look No yeah
because let's face it on a dance floor
there's only about three people who can
genuinely dance one is a hot chick the
second one is her friend their dads in a
small circle whole bunch of guys
thrusting slowly towards them and
there's one guy but he's with his
girlfriend and they pretty much gonna go
after this song and have some porno
music slash comment I'm yeah I'm saying
but then you know you have these
scenarios and you're like how could you
possibly not have known that I was not
joking this is stupid I can't find it
you know that Tolkien wrote Lord of the
Rings right which is different to Lord
of the Flies obviously I was joking
perhaps I should just give people to
banish the doubt I'm sure they know that
I'm lying it's like how my mother knew
the nurse was lying seriously if you
take a home she'll stop pulling that
face babies do that sometimes they pull
weird faces and they're born story of my
life hope you guys had a lovely weekend
and a good v-day videos Vijay sounds
dirty sounds like love I hate the word
lover anyone who knows me in any kind of
capacity knows that I hate the word
lover now you guys know we can never be
lovers he was her lover hope you guys
well I saw taken somebody asked me if
I'd seen taken I did see taken I thought
taken was good I thought it was what the
second James Bond should have been in
terms of action films it was good um I
saw changeling changeling was also good
it was much better than up give me you
be a dragon lady gran torino it was a
lot better than gran torino I am it was
a lot
scary though then you know what was
scary Zack & Miri Make a Porno because
that was so crap I don't know why I got
so many rave reviews about Zack and Miri
Make a Porno
but all of those people you owe me money
lover mmm hope you guys had a lovely
weekend I'll see you all very soon
should I see me in the deer I just see
me do the weed wave that was sexual what
I meant to say was did you guys see me
on what the bugs collaboration video he
made a video about Miley Cyrus and her
goofy Asian face which kind of just
looks like my normal face but anyway
thank you for the ratings by the way
guys it's been really awesome I didn't
know that that many people rated but
thank you you guys Rock
Rock the Kasbah
