hi so I recently rediscovered puzzles
this is gonna be so much fun so much
blue why's this so much oh and as time
progressed I started to think why am I
doing this I can already see the picture
if I want and not only could I already
see the picture it wasn't really a
picture that I particularly enjoyed
looking at in fact the more I looked at
it the more I realized I hated the
picture and then I started thinking
every single puzzle picture I'd ever
seen was of something boring which got
me thinking is this a thing does
somebody make this decision so for the
summer 2016 1000 piece range we've
decided to go with a mountain theme
we've found some photos that have a lot
of the same kind of trees everywhere yes
look Anita this is all very boring which
I love it's just I'm worried it's not
boring enough I actually did have one
more surprise
I am I managed to contact Jason jigs and
he has agreed to come on board and take
some photos for us for a fuckton Oh how
how did you do who's Jason James my name
is Jason and I'm a jigsaw photographer
I've been a jigsaw photographer for the
past 16 years you don't get into it for
the recognition or the sex or the rock
and roll lifestyle you get into jigsaw
photography because it's a passion
because it's a love my name is Jenny and
I am Jason's assistant I have been for
three years now and I just think he's
incredible he has this amazing ability
to walk up to a landscape and to me it
just looks ordinary but he'll say stop
wasting time grab my camera you idiot
this is a jigsaw photo did you take this
photo yes
it looks like a corporate Pig took this
photo you basically have to look at a
landscape and then you try and frame out
everything that would make that an
interesting picture and that is the
start of the jigsaw photos I want you to
do this whole puzzle is it this is what
I've been walking around for I asked the
locals do you have any cottages that I
just you know the same as a cottage in
another village and they pointed this
out and that's why it's good to speak to
local people yeah Jenni static come on
you're so fat and I know what puzzles
are more about you know passing time and
challenging yourself or something but I
don't really care about challenging
myself it snack could you try open this
to me nope
why not never try never fail
Nats Logan stupid stupid pie or smart
Nachi of it you interrupted than that
slogan part and I know what you're about
to say now you have time to make puzzles
but you don't have time to make a video
it's true I have been procrastinating
but for good reason it's been very busy
at work and it's tax time and during tax
time I do a lot of this so we're going
to start with the edges in the corners
always start with the edges in the
corners there is so much
oh there's an inch piece almost nested
anything with the White House paste
anything with a White House piece fits
but I think it fits it fits but it
doesn't fit fits but it doesn't fit but
anyway hope you guys well I apologize I
would promise you stuff about next week
but I don't want to be rude to you not
this week because you're looking good
and you know a good looking means means
it's pointing music / comment time you
might take a photo of a sky and just
think that's all it is but I know that
you need cloud because you can't do a
jigsaw puzzle of a sky if you don't have
at least one cloud in there cuz that
would drive you crazy
no there's nothing happening with the
two of us
very professional why did he save us he
was did he say he was interested and yes
it's true I blew the budget on the
costumes in last video I've been going
all out move the kids to another school
down go to the house sold the dog but it
was worth it because in the future I can
say kids I spent all your school money
on King costumes for a YouTube video and
yes I know sometimes in between videos
it feels like longer than a week feels
like three weeks
feels like nine months like a year but
it's only because it is and listen if I
didn't lie to you that I wouldn't get
stronger off your disappointment
makes me stronger makes me who I am
