hi so I'm sure that most of you are now
familiar with the machines that
companies employ to greet you on the
telephone
you said filling is this correct yes
sorry please say yes or no yes sorry I
can't understand you please speak
clearly yes now I'm sure that most of
you hate these machines as well however
I have since discovered the perfect way
to deal with them and it goes something
like this
hi there are you coming today about a
billing inquiry or a repairing that
could you please use the web Yahoo I'll
be able to understand you better if you
died I've got you put the wiki great
thanks and are you an existing or a
returning I fail and my fingers sorry
could you say that I feel it and macho's
wonderful and just one more question
you gotta do your MA
great thanks I'll put you through to
somebody now also cuz all you ever
really wanted was to speak to somebody
however should that customer service
representative not be giving you the
help you want this method is also
applicable but dubba dubba saw I'm sorry
good Darby Darby do-overs sure okay ye
just hold the line I'll put you through
to somebody who may be how to help you
out
Oh so and I'm a retail girl so I can
tell you guys from experience that the
less sense the customer makes the
quicker we respond and I can report you
and I can sue you and he didn't rattle
when I bought him
I think we should just get you a new one
yeah and you know she's just thinking ol
some a couple of you guys well I came
out where the lamingtons at brazier the
gimmick lamingtons videos ago guys the
honest truth is is just too bloody hot
in Australia to turn an oven on I kid
you not if I turn an oven on I wouldn't
be surprised if my whole neighbourhood
went up in Sparks that's how hot it is I
can't I can't believe I'm sitting in
this room at the moment I apologize I've
been suckin on ice cubes and nutrition
for the past few days
speaking of nutrition and food what's a
girl gotta do to get some Pollock
around here I've been to restaurants in
the past three days trying to get some
public paneer and they're like yeah
sorry we've sold out and I'm like you
what how could you sign up at that's a
lie I'm all worse I just order an
alternative and I give them a big tip
because that's kind of girl I am anyway
um now about porno music slash comment
time I'm getting too many aggressive
comments and messages about it
guys it's not a competition it only ever
started off as a way for me to say thank
you for leaving comments I'm sorry if I
don't reply to them all but I want you
guys to know I read them all so please
don't get aggressive it'll be around as
long as I am and you know I love you
guys I love you guys like your mother
loves cop I'm only joking
hey this comment kind of freaked me out
because like I will fly to Austria I
don't live in Austria I live in
Australia is this what you mean but
that's okay yeah my ears a huge I don't
know if that was a joke there were so
many comments about my small ears are
you saying something man you say no I
don't know um yes staff e200 I do this
all the time so that really cracked me
up and I'm in new town all the time you
should say hi if you see me you know
what mate it's not me it's you
