hi so I don't know about you guys but I
have a tough time with serving sizes
four servings per package but I ate the
whole thing what happens now what
happens now that the serving size it
always gets me is the king sized one
because what the crap is king sized says
who which king did you ask not next next
okay smile one two three four yeah
alright alright that will do thank you
that's enough
would your Majesty like to see another
court jester oh no they all suck could
be like a show of some sort you know
like some sort of competition where a
bunch of jesters come out there's a
panel of judges they prance for a while
and we call it like so you think you can
prance yes feeling a bit peckish I have
a KitKat
yes of course um a KitKat boys majesty
know what I told you no this is not
enough
this isn't light enough for a king I'm
royalty I'm gonna get hungry this is
like it's not the size for a king it's
not it's not it's not a size of a king
as long it's not king-sized yes it's not
king-sized I love that term write that
down the scroll it's not king-size Your
Majesty I apologize a king-sized KitKat
now that's what I'm talking about that's
king-size or that it's for a king
as for you you see king-size hello I'm
bigger because I'm for the case what I'm
talking about you know what I want you
to gather all Kings in a nearby land
let's get this sorted right I mean
I just want to get this settled you know
so like alright this is a regular-sized
KitKat
this is a king-size KitKat yeah more
suited for for people like you and me
all right is he mad it took me nine
months to get here this is a regular
sized Mars bar one minute and it's over
this is a king size Mars bar yeah it's
like a minute and a half you know just
enough to make you feel sick to be fair
I did some research and king-sized
mattresses
apparently have a history that may link
up to a king but there are some sizings
out there that just sound dodgy like one
size fits all really sorry madam how's
that shirt she got off the discount go I
feel like it's a little bit big it's one
size fits all yeah I know it's it just
feels like it's a little bit loose are
you all yes well then it dance um it
just it just feels a little bit large
seems like it's not the only thing
that's large around here what nothing
and let's not forget family size because
what family is sitting around eating a
block of chocolate together this is what
eating family size in my household looks
like a pretty good and you know I see
the family size labeling and then I feel
bad it makes me feel like I have to do
this
well now that I have a family how about
we crack open this family size bag of
lollies because no one would judge us if
we're family ain't no family size packet
of lollies do you want some what about
you do you guys want some granddad all
right I'll start who's ready for a
family pack of chocolate this is creepy
now I'm not going to lie
the reason this video took so long was
partially because it was just such a
weird video that I felt a little bit
uncomfortable sharing it with you
she doesn't happen that often but I was
like dressed up as a king dancing like a
jester hanging out with pillows maybe
this one's pushing the line but anyway
let me know
are you also a glutton I know I should
stop making videos about the horrible
overconsumption of food it's not very
attractive for many reasons but yes I
apologize if you have any other
solutions though on how not to feel
guilty when consuming king-sized or
family sized things let me know in the
comments below otherwise I will see you
guys in a week because my next video
probably won't be as weird as this one
until then though it's Bono music /
comment down there's banana ones do you
want one
okay why don't you eat one you're always
judging me on my weight always wearing
my clothes out that kick is actually no
longer a thing a lot of people have told
me that they've moved on so I apologize
for again being irrelevant stop looking
at me like that
paint doctor and I'll have you know the
mighty bar is a lot of people ask me to
babysit because I'm always home on
Friday night and yes I can bring her
back and I did for you in this video and
know you are the bitch of bitches so
nice always calling me that ah that's a
new thing right that means cool would
your Majesty like to see another court
jester no no they all suck
