hi now I don't know about you guys but I
love food and what I mean I love food I
mean like you know dreams about it cry
about write poetry about it love food
you know the idea of not following a
stranger who had food confused me that's
why it always works me when people say
the phrase man I couldn't eat another
bite because it'll be the situation like
this cuz you'll be dining with some
friends and you'll be having a good time
everyone's having a good old chat eating
food and then somebody says the dreaded
words they say guys I cannot fit in
another bite I am so full which of
course triggers off the chain reaction
oh me too I am stuffed
let me look at you and you know that
you're also obliged to say oh yeah I can
couldn't fit anything so and the problem
is I want to say something like this
well that game hmm are one no wife is
doing about mm-hmm
here I'm okay
oh yeah no I hate oh it's like when you
go to people's houses you know and they
offer you something and they'll be like
custom or lamingtons have some and they
always offer you the thing that you were
never allowed to have as a kid and you
want to just consume them all but you
have to politely decline and say oh
that's okay so reality you know you want
to do something like this okay I I was
never allowed to light it on Oh
my mom never let me - well nothing
happened
mmm hi pick one phone oh yeah of course
of course you can take some time and it
just bugs me because I was eating with
some of the other day and I couldn't fit
another fight and you're like are you
serious man we've only been eatin for
like 20 minutes
come on man and there's dessert
they'll they're always full before
dessert and I think about this stuff so
I this is why I only grow that way um
yeah oh hi to the girl who I saw outside
State Library the other day hello I'm
sorry that I was weird and I didn't I
just did the two-handed wave thing that
was hot um yeah I'm sorry that I was
looking all days we actually just got
out of a movie my friend and I were
going to see Vicky Cristina Barcelona
yes and it was okay Penelope Cruz is
very funny in it but the film overall is
okay speaking of good films oh if you
guys up for a good film I saw a film
called Slumdog Millionaire and that is
fantastic probably my favorite film of
2008 so that is something to check out
if you and if you do like it then let me
know because I'm sorry I'm going through
video responses steadily I keep getting
spammed I can't explain to you how many
spam videos like it and I sit there for
about 30 seconds and I'm like ya know
this person is still still booty dancing
don't think this has much to do with the
video so I'm kind of slowly going
through video responses I'm sorry I
watch them all but you know I think that
kind of makes up for it if you know what
I mean um yes now it's time for porno
music / comment time because nataly's
ran out of interesting things to say
I'll see you guys soon for some reason I
don't think that playing dead would work
I would really like to make a video
about pretending to be dead when
somebody tries to add a penis that would
also kind of be my reaction but don't
think of a good idea I really liked this
comment about jumping / defense - I
don't know what seems very about under
the bed and dumb yes the same applies to
the drop and roll I don't know how well
that would go down in and didn't know my
boy was that big I kind of think my eyes
are small but that there's another thing
to point out
