hi so it's New Years Eve here sorry
pretty sure New Year's Eve everywhere
but we had the spectacular display of
fireworks and I realize it every year
without fail there's always that one
idiot who's not impressed by the show
because you'll hear the fireworks and
you'll be like oh and these fireworks
incredible yeah oh no they're okay how
do you mean
I'm just in better fireworks so the ones
last year was so nice and what you want
to say is something along the lines of
this what the hell are you talking about
their fireworks everything's ever the
same something goes to the ogres ball
but what you end up saying of course is
oh really I can't remember last year's
Oh cuz honestly how could you not enjoy
a fireworks show it's like the only
display of of money literally being shut
up in the air and then exploding how
could you and you know what shit's me is
that you know these idiots also say
stupid stuff like this actually you know
where has fantastic fireworks you have
to try this out my Sam once we rent out
this penthouse it's right next to the
Eiffel Tower it was like the fireworks
were falling on top of this you should
try it next year because what do they
expect you to say yeah definitely I'll
just I'll just pull three grand out of
my ass right now and hey sorry that's a
call my imaginaries yeah why do people
say things like that you know it'd be
like oh you like this bag oh thanks I
got it from overseas well you can't get
it basically uh yeah sorry hmm but yeah
I'm gonna have it there's always people
who want to like shit on a fireworks
display fireworks are pretty bloody
impressive like I said before it's money
literally being blown up in the sky I
don't know if I words are amazing I'm a
little bit I don't know to be fair I'm
kind of two-sided about them because I
don't know about you guys but Sydney
pour millions of dollars into the
fireworks display and you should look it
up because it's amazing but I can't help
but think you know who public school Oh
an l-system
but that's just me why have that stuff
and you can have a fireworks display at
the end of the year I'm joking
um hi to Nobby Yuki thank you for coming
up and saying hi I'm sorry they didn't
so you kept sorry I'm
someone came up to me but I was at I was
eating and then they asked me if I were
the Easter Bunny and I kind of was like
I'm not the Easter Bunny was used to
buddy but I get you now so hi and thank
you I love eating where you work I eat
there all the time um what else what
else oh thank you for being so nice
about my FBI video the majority of you
was my best friend and she was awesome
she's the only girl that I've gotten
along with for a long period of time
actually cuz if you know what I mean
no um Wow what's that what what's that I
hear it's porn amazing time that means
that that means that I've run out of
interesting things to say a long time
because I missed it on the last two
videos they'll be you know two sections
from the two videos I missed hope you
guys well happy 2009 and I will see you
guys very soon I kind of like that I
don't know why the names in purple
though I didn't actually click all the
names they just turned purple I'm not
sure about the lol thing either you
should pause this and read the top
comment it's very very funny because I
know that happens more time oh and I
loved this comment I think that all of
our parents used to walk to school this
seems to be a common thing and now these
are from the FBI video sorry the
comments on the FBI video were kind of
strange oh and yes I misspelled
PowerPoint presentation it didn't come
up on the render the random repeated
addition so I left it in there but thank
you for the comments very funny and I do
have real friends
Wyn
