hi now I must confess I was quite upset
this Christmas because I kept seeing
adverts on the television like this oh
thanks mom don't you hate it when your
parents get your presents you don't like
tell them to come down to games of this
Christmas and did you like the present
now I'm just saying if your kids were
Asian they wouldn't complain because if
I can play in my household about
something really simple and natural like
not being hungry
it'd go down like this that it it mom
it's okay I'm not hungry I am 60 years
old I look up to you you can own it I
never see you there okay okay okay elite
elite when I leave even Vietnam my
parent were very poor
so I look I only look look
very very good for health
now great I am 60 years old that was my
mom by the way I'm gonna introduce her
this is my mom she got out of her
pajamas to make a video for me isn't she
is she is Scipio
sixty years old more than that yes and
look how hot she looks you can write me
things about me but you don't write mean
things about my mom
nothing good
Oh my mom is the strongest person she is
so strong she's stronger than all my
male friends she was stronger than my
dad she hits you it hurts look how
pretty she is yet she hurt
there say hi to YouTube thank you oh now
time to explain my last video I
originally had a plan that I would just
go into the city dresses and elf and
fill more people you know people
reacting to me like doing stupid things
so I danced like a maniac like this
and no one reacted I also did a couple
of things while I was crying at
Christmas displays of Christmas trees as
you see
you
and now I'm reacted to that one either
you can write that story down that one's
that one's copyrighted free no so and I
don't smoke it looked like it was my
other video but I don't smoke i decided
clear that up now I write this in all of
my video descriptions as of late I don't
think many people pay attention and I
figured that this is the one time of the
year sorry because if it does kind of a
casual video but um so one time of the
year that I can talk about this stuff I
write a lot of the time that I hope
you're all well and when I say what I
mean when I when I say all right that
sorry is that I hope that you're all
feeling good you know because life is
fantastic and here sorry
cue the cheesy music life is fantastic
but it really is you know I'm not a
religious person myself
and I you know I'm not really just I
don't celebrate religious holidays but I
believe that I'm a good person I believe
that everyone who I know is a fantastic
person and I'm really grateful that I so
fortunate in life there's really nothing
substantial that I can complain about in
my life I hope that you're all in the
same kind of
and I just that's all I mean and that's
why you should join my cult
all right you know what I mean that's
the most sincere moment you're ever
gonna get I mean let's get over that
anyway my parents my mother and her
friends probably gonna watch this video
because she's in it cuz it's kind of
woman she is no she's lovely um so we're
going to call a certain segment of my
video fun making slash comment time just
for this video and so it's going to be a
little bit tamer but it'll be back to
normal by next video so I hope you guys
are well and um yes I will see you guys
soon
uh yeah I am I'm pretty much gonna put
my my comment at the front of it because
that's kind bast I am and I'm sorry
about the pg-13 thing I'll work on that
and I'm only joking blue love I just
thought it was funny that people just
attack each other comment end thank you
but no I don't wanna cook and beer does
not grow on you this is bollocks
I've tried beer and I have played violet
but I played violin in Willy Wonka I was
very good at it yes
damn straight for the win
