hi now also for a friend about how
strange it is when people often you try
some this not drop that's okay thank you
go on just try it
but I really I don't I used to try some
for me fine fine because they always act
a really surprised even though you told
them you weren't gonna like it but then
this happens as awful it'll grow on you
it'll grow on you
your grows on you hair bacterial disease
grows on you nothing's it tastes good
yeah and they're always like just eat
more eat more seriously it'll taste
better that's what she said no visions
it doesn't work like that otherwise they
have this reaction and I really hate
this reaction goes like this
that's horrible oh that's weird
maybe it's like an acquired taste you
know it's an acquired taste even people
say that you just sound like only them
in the Queen like it it sounds so
shinobi it's like everything I don't
like isn't apparently maybe you just
don't like it because it tastes scrapped
you know it's an acquired sounds a wanky
Eric enough of that
I very exciting news I received my first
Christmas card and it's from Dean who's
from the
which is I'm sure you all know that is
these guys very excited so I'm gonna
open this card because the first case
was kind of got but to do it I need to
change really quickly because I told him
I would one sec see now everyone thinks
you're dodgy Dean look my card sorry
I've been dying to open this so I was
gonna wait for video my first Christmas
you can tell a boy bought it because it
looks like there's no I'm joking it's a
possum oh it didn't touch awesome oh my
god his handwriting is so neat
I didn't read it all probably but I
figured that's probably not too
interesting for you that's an increase
in this guy yay um I made snowflakes and
I'm hanging them up in the house
because that's how I must do it I am I
made decorations I forgot to tell you
guys I'd show you hold on and that I
actually just broke it before I showed
it but they're over that and um sorry
dance a couple questions the fish in my
videos I know it went nuts awesome I
don't know it's just a tetra in there
this is just hetra and a little
Suckerfish thing I'm saying and these
fish here are my clownfish I'm a crazy
fish lady so holding this um hope you
guys have a lovely holiday season I
think most people have gone home I got a
lot of messages from people saying that
home with the family so I hope you guys
are having a lovely time I'll try and
put a video up I'm gonna slowly get
undressed because Israel I hope you guys
have a lovely holiday season I'll try to
put a view up and otherwise I will see
you guys really soon love you all hope
you're all well porno music / comment
time um yes my fish were apparently
extremely distracting for everyone and
look mate if I actually did that I'd
look nuts that's what crazy people do I
saw a crazy man who lived he was wearing
nothing but Christmas decorations look I
don't even want to go into Twilight
because I saw the movie yeah pause pause
pause pause okay I don't know what
you're talking about I keep my eggs in
the pantry can someone explain this
comment
and how long did that balls comment take
you man seriously what else what else
yeah
don't travel here I don't know it look
there okay there okay
