hi now I don't know about you guys but
generally speaking I don't often have
the urge when I looked outside a window
and I see buildings that are like that
oh if I just uh I just reach my hand
there it looks like I'm holding the
building huh fancy that you know why
because that's really strange and kind
of lame but have you ever noticed how
when you go on holidays this is like
your first instinct to like to interact
with the buildings that you see Rodney
Rodney take a photo ready ready ready
look I'm holding it because one of my
friends about to go to Europe and I went
in like 2002 or something so I started
to show his snapshots of photos I had
taken see that's my friend and that's me
why isn't working you got to press on
and when I showed her the photos I
realized that I do this thing quite
often yeah it was beautiful but we went
like back in 2002 yeah I'm so excited
okay you do that thing where you have
the building
yeah it was kind of embarrassing I had
no idea until then that I act like such
an idiot on holidays I feel the you know
the absolute urge to play with the
optical illusion of scales that I've
just discovered oh my God look if I
stand here those take a photo take a
photo it's nuts
um but yeah if you guys have any photos
from trips where you you know done the
same kind of thing I'd really love to
see them what would be really great I
would love to do is get I know we should
figure out one land write down if you
have any write them in the comments we
should figure out which one is the most
popular and then in a couple of videos
I'll request it and then I will make a
huge collage of everyone - standing at
the same object acting like a douche uh
speaking of that I didn't actually put
my real holiday photos just in case you
couldn't tell from the the dodgy jobs
that I put up because my trip photos
when I was looking at the more actually
incredibly embarrassing cuz it's all
like that's the leaning tower just in
case you can tell I think that's the
thing that's time for me to I'm a dick
out of myself quite a large number of
times throughout this year so yeah leave
a comment tell me which landmark you've
done it in in a couple of videos time
like a week or so two weeks sometime in
the future
Oh we'll figure it out we'll figure it
out so my parents said we'll figure it
out that's me bye bye favorite comment
horror music time I really need a bow
chicka wow
