hi so any of you who watch my videos
would probably already know this and in
fact anyone who knows me in any kind of
capacity already knows this I'm a huge
dick in fact I'm so big that even the
ladies complain sometimes but the other
day I managed to make an even bigger
dick of myself so don't know if you guys
recall but a couple of videos ago I
mentioned a comedian called Hamish Blanc
he's Australian and he's a really really
funny guy I really admire some of his
comedy and I am I saw him in George
Strait the other day yeah I got to say
one of my huge idols you know what I did
I did this I was like hey is that I
think that this has played Hamish Hamish
hi ladies yeah so it's pretty much like
10 coals right here I don't know what it
was but something in my brain
malfunctioned quite a common phenomena
but it just went recognized face admire
say name and then I just blurted out hi
there's something about celebrities you
know you can't just silently recognize
them you have to blurt out their name
reminded me of when my friends saw Matt
Damon and his brain went hey I recognize
this guy
oh yeah I remember you know something
about he's a math student and you just
went Matt Damon and too many jokes to
happen but you know what I mean but I I
just wanted to share that with you guys
just to let you know another dickhead
thing I did but the thing is I'd really
like to know if anyone else has done
anything as stupid so if you've seen
anyone you've recognized before and done
something similarly and stupid please
leave a comment otherwise leave a video
response cuz I'd love to hear it
otherwise something I'd really like to
know I'm keen to find out is could you
write down the name of the celebrity who
you'd like to meet the most and then
tell me why and then tell me what you
would say to them if you got to meet
them ideally I'd just like to know
because you know I don't have burst any
bubbles but you're never gonna say
just gonna do the brain malfunction
thing so I'm just came to know because
I'm Rihanna and Chris Brown were in
Sydney and they walked into my friend's
shop and all she managed to do was stand
really close to Chris Brown ego and he
was like what the fuck and then they
moved out of her shop and that was her
moment of glory makes me woman heart
sorry she's gonna hate me for saying
that but yeah that's all I want to tell
you guys sorry this is just a talking
vlog but I got really excited to see him
and then really disappointed in my
failure as a human being so I thought I
would share that with you cuz you
already know my other failures yeah yeah
I'm sorry I hope you're having a lovely
week I'll post up my favorite comments
after this and I will see you guys soon
god I love this sleazy makes me so happy
it makes these comments so much better
