hi now I'm a pretty lazy person when I
mean lazy I mean like you some pointed
gun at me and they were like run for
your life or I'll shoot I'd be like me I
would run for my mother's life and
you're gonna shoot me anyway and I'm
gonna die I'd like that kind of lazy so
my friend my watching DVD last night
because we're doing this horrible
marathon of Soapy's I go to but we're
watching a DVD see that's my friend
and that's me
ah burning for you and the DVD you got
up to really really climatic point and
then this happens I'll tell you what
happened to it that you have to promise
you'll never tell a soul I promise she
said don't tell Donnie that oh my god I
hate when that happens
so my don't you look a play and it
really seemed to make my friend quite
agitated and I mean I don't know about
you guys but I'm quite content Ted Ted
Ted and to just watch someone going mom
over and over again like I'm cool with
that but she got really angry and she
was all like oh my god I hate when that
happens
so my don't you okay play ah
ah
screw this I'm out here it's broken I
don't want to watch a broken Davey - I
think the situation reflects quite well
how lazy and willing I am to just sit
there and that the DVD eventually work
you know when you just can't switch in
between but I'll just sit there for ages
he's still watching the scene just get
off your ass and get another DVD
which is so lazy it's just around the
block I'll do it
hey I just saw this was amazing because
afterwards she bitched about in front of
friends and three of them like no I
totally watched every day's weather like
that so I was wondering are you guys are
you either one the person who you know
will always get angry would be
frustrated like I'm not watching this
rubbish DVD I'm gonna go back and return
it I don't know I always feel like
anxious about returning to every days
ago oh sorry you didn't work with don't
do it
yummy or are you the person who sit
there in your bike no it's cool I'll
deal I'll deal i watch it people started
sometimes you know yeah let me know
because I'd be interested to know I
think there are two types of approaches
to it one is my approach which is the
cool approach well the second is the
person who you can't watch DVDs with
because they get angry if it skips a
little we go wrong of this stuff that's
a good voice awesome um I'm sorry yeah I
thought I'd mentioned really quickly
sorry someone time running outside
you'll have to ignore that um people are
like hey what's with the counter and
your videos being 200 but you have more
than that in terms of comments or
ratings it's not me doing some crazy
hacking stuff and that just made a whole
bunch of people laugh because y'all know
how should I aren't using computers but
um it's just YouTube and there's a lag
with the counter and it will update
after a couple of hours you'll notice
that so it's not me being weird
hmm this is me being weird is a lag like
the lag from my brain to my mouth
so hope you guys well sorry just want to
know if you're either the person who
gets irritated or the person who's
cooler and yes I'll see you guys soon
favorite comments / porno music time
oh right
