even though we think we have life
planned sometimes things just get thrown
out he's serious no I am so sick of this
five seconds that's all you give me this
was gonna be a great ad you know no you
don't get to skip it what no she's got
millions of views why not me
it's skipping me ahead huh makeup
tutorials you're never gonna get it you
know in the water yeah no no no hi
stranger
gosh last time I saw you you were like
this high now come over here let's see
how much you'd grow let's make you stand
back-to-back with your cousin Amy come
over here have you ever noticed by the
way how adults do this they measure you
up against your cousins and stuff why
Amy come here come here let's step back
to back back to back all right looks
like Amy's a little bit taller like it
must really suck getting older
cuz you must run out of things to say
and do to the point where you measure
children up against each other and this
is exciting
looks like Amy's a little bit taller
okay now what measure yourself up
against the wall let's measure and see
if you're any taller from the last time
I made you measure yourself up against
the wall don't grow up kids cuz all
signs point to it means really bad
you're boring
but no I'm sorry I apologize I haven't
been uploading videos regularly I've
been on the road a lot lately and I've
also been traveling for work and work
it's been a little bit crazy so I
haven't really had the chance to finish
them however I have been filming videos
and writing like new videos along the
way so this is hopefully the start of
more regular vids and to prove it and to
make up for my lack my next video will
be up in four days yeah
you can click it but Chicana doesn't
take you anywhere cuz you signed up for
the lies on this channel yeah
you can't escape the life no I am sorry
the next video will be up in four days
and a big shout-out by the way to Emmy
Amato who did the car animation in the
video that you just saw I know I know
that was pretty specs
the fishing wire around the objects
being pulled off that was all this brain
right here ya know obviously she was a
lot more impressive thank you so much
for that and please make sure you check
out her channel very magical and also if
you haven't then make sure you subscribe
to this one so I can let you know when I
do have a new video up yeah you see that
I referenced to skip ad' thing twice in
my own videos I thought you said you
were writing some new jokes knack shut
your face
but yes no new video up in four days I
know you don't think I mean it but I do
it's like when you announce a diet is
your new year's resolution even though
everyone doesn't really believe you
including yourself it's just nice to say
it
