hi so I fallen in love with the man who
does the audio preview button on YouTube
what were they thinking have you guys
tried it out so I'm on YouTube typing
and comment on a really important video
and I mean I'm not gonna lie I type
pretty stupid comments on YouTube they
usually look like this but then I was
like hey I didn't check out this audio
preview button and I click it and this
happens the fella oh good I dreamed
about it all the time alright and it's
kind of funny because now I can think
about is what would happen if every time
you thought something it you know you
thought it in the audio preview voice or
if he just kept interrupting your
thoughts hells yeah man I mean waiting
for this chocolate for so long furniture
here I come man you taste yummy for
Devin Rogers aren't so good YUM yeah
hell
oh there it is yeah I like the song oh
goody I like this thumb really I
challenge you guys to come up with a
comment that sounds good
using the preview audio button I think
it if you can think of something that
sounds fantastic that doesn't involve
you know swearing or just noises or any
kind of sexual thing then that's amazing
in fact whoever can come up with the
best one and send it as a video response
I'll send your packet in terms or
something I like how I say I'll send a
packet in terms like I work for them or
something I don't know um
Richard egrets coming to Sydney if any
of you guys want to come see my fair
lady yeah my people your people Matt
thank you too briny 17 X cubed for the
music video with all the songs it was
amazing that I can't even imagine how
long that took you to do but thank you
so much I really it was amazing I'm
sorry I didn't comment um no thank you
and I appreciate all the time you put
into it thanks very much I have to run
cuz i have to go to uni that's the
excuse for you
