hi this umbrella was $40 but we'll talk
about this umbrella in a moment I
learned to ask you guys your opinion on
something and you have to be really
honest with me be honest me my friend my
having a disagreement about something
she thinks that I'm really creepy which
isn't what the disagreement is about I
agree that I'm creepy
but she thinks I was being especially
creepy this day what happened was this
so I'm standing in the rain I look to
the side and there's a girl with an
umbrella so I say we can stand under my
umbrella and yes I know how sleazy this
sounds hey you want to stand under my
umbrella to them this one but I figure
I'm a five-foot one little Asian go so I
asked her and she says no and then moves
away from me and says and she physically
moves about two meters away from me
which means that when the rain like when
the lights changed she's gonna have to
come all the way back so she's actually
getting wetter over me sorry
who doesn't know hey anyway my friend at
Point is my friend was like that's
really creepy night you probably scared
the shit out of it and my argument is
I'm not some six-foot man in an overcoat
with a car next to me I'm a five foot
one asian girl y'all could beat the shit
out of me the worst I could possibly
have done would have been this
thank you
my name is Neven
amanda has a really nice hope you doing
very nice be honest with you guys do you
really think I was being sleazy because
my friends honestly think I was but to
me sleazy would have been like trying to
convince her she really needed to stand
under my umbrella you know seriously my
umbrella is about this long and about
this wide too because of people's
strange perception about personal space
and what's weird what's creepy I had to
go out and buy this this is $40 and the
reason so outrageous because like it's
almost summer I had to spend this money
on an umbrella because no bars out there
would ever often like would ever let me
stand under umbrella or something and I
really needed to be somewhere but I
couldn't run in the rain like I needed
protection and because my parents didn't
have it and look at what happened but
seriously
so I couldn't wait for the rain to
subside I couldn't hop and transport
together I just needed to walk a couple
of blocks and get there so I go into the
shop and like it's $40 and I'm looking
at it and I'm thinking shit does this
thing give me like a hand job if I had
you know look what is $40 what the hell
okay yeah two questions for you guys one
which I know three questions one would
you ever offer to let somebody stand
under there amber under your umbrella
that's so I know Rihanna really ruined
that didn't she though she's hard so
it's alright - um do you think I was
being creepy just say yes or no don't
give vlog answers just yes or no just be
honest with me cuz I wouldn't know what
you guys think cuz you guys are okay
with me being a little bit weird yeah um
and three what's the most money you
would ever spend umbrella and I'm not
counting like hardcore antique umbrellas
I just mean a an umbrella you know I was
a whole video about umbrellas huh
yeah like that some kind of feet got
that one down
yes these are called braces by the way
ow
