these eyes ever been with friends when
they've been retelling a story and
something like this happens I know
exactly how we got love and nothing you
cannot deny things happen that Tonelli
just check on the map from you just tell
me is it left or right and Natalie says
it's right who shoots when it sees me
it's ready so we turned right and what
do you know it's like yeah okay cool but
can we pause and just go back for a
moment I said to Nelly just check on the
map from you just tell me is it left or
right
so you sound normal but I sound like and
Natalie says oh it's me who's sharing
20cc it's ray I'm just saying if you're
gonna pull voices do it for both because
I spoke to another girl and she did this
right remember when I was mad and you're
like yeah everyone get that
then there's really worried yeah you
know what no I don't remember any
conversations in which I sounded like
this yeah yeah kind of recall you saying
that you
 che lemon be um oh okay yes I'm
very very go this is what I want to talk
about now I am I so excited I am I am
like so excited as opposed to being
excited um I'm going to eat a bagel with
cream cheese I mean like hi
give me some that bagel stuff and I'm
going to oh my goodness I'm gonna go to
a grocery store and just buy every
single cereal filled with sugar but you
guys have I cannot wait to see these
cereals that apparently are the cause of
a big see I am just absolutely stoked
I'm gonna buy every single cereal I see
I'm gonna buy a hot dog and I buy so
much stuff oh my goodness umm I'm gonna
buy painter big slice of pizza I'm gonna
buy him so much corn bread I'm gonna buy
macaroni and cheese I'm gonna walk down
face book at me like hey go baseball
team and I'm gonna hop in a cab and I'm
not gonna sit in the front and I'm gonna
be really rude to the cab driver cuz
apparently that's what you do over there
and not really I actually don't like me
right um and I'm gonna be like Kay my
number is five five five yeah yeah that
probably is one thing to you but I'm
really excited to go um yes
