I don't know anymore you know it thank
you
are we no offense to you said because
you're always fat that I thought wait on
this year I think they could tell their
long wait times I just feel so much
pressure
oh look over in the newspaper day an
obesity is on the rise I mean they're
talking to me what I want me to do but I
won't you give him okay
okay cool
hi here is anyone ever like house how's
your Easter how's your Easter Easter
Bunny screw the children and it's just
expression you know find a good hiding
spot this year by good you've lived in
the same house what do you want for me
how many hiding spots can there be
sweetie we all feel like this how do you
think Santa feels how do you think I
feel I collect teeth and I have to give
them money inflation every year the
price goes up what I'm happy with five
cents we want $20 what do you think
these teeth what do you think I'm doing
with these yeah what do I even have to
do with Easter what do I have to do with
Jesus
yeah who's that
hmm sorry miss thank you
oh okay piss off get him on the weekends
don't I use dancer than you go
