hi yes I know this trend is long gone
but I'm feeling particularly lazy today
well this whole month actually so it's
gonna be a very low-key video I kept
getting messages about it still so this
is going to be my five facts figure and
these are very you know you could have
lived without knowing any of this stuff
but anyway fact number one this trick
used to make me cry all the time when I
was a kid
yeah
oh I have your nose I might eat it
Freddie I'm gonna eat it okay it's a
joke look look did you come you know
he's back you can have number two when I
was a kid I used to tell people that I
had seen movies even if I hadn't just
that I think be part of the conversation
and some kid would always be like this
hey Matt have you seen the new the
mosque in all my coolness I'd respond
yeah I'm sorry
so like three times and then the kid
it'll be like and don't you like the pot
with it don't call us into the car and
then the whole car explodes yeah yeah I
like that pie I tricked you that's not
in the movie
haha three I have this problem when I
drink like when I just drink water and
it often happens in the presence of
others and it's very embarrassing I'll
be listening to a friend talk and I kid
you not as stupid as it sounds
I'll often go for a sip of drink and
this will happen
or whenever I spell the word rhythm I
think of this seriously it works just
remember every time you want to spell
the word rhythm our hy hm
they'll never be in it
my first crush ever was on Alan Alda he
was my hero he still is and I love him
to pieces and when I was in grade five
I wrote Ellen alder a very long while
was long two males like two pages I
broke him two pages like a huge love
letter and I'm rated in my finest
texture or you guys got his shopping and
or Macha
and I thought it was brilliant I sent it
off and then a couple of weeks later I
got a um you know there's stuff throwing
things they send you and they've got
like the Stars autograph on them and my
mom hope you didn't freaked out because
she thought some old man was writing me
and I need you just quickly clarify
something for it in this video because I
get far too many messes you know you
guys would not believe how many messages
I get about this the pictures of me with
my head shaved the picture of Paris and
I the picture of Clive and I and the
picture of me is Arwen a fake their
Photoshop and don't know any of those
people anyway wait I'm sorry I'm just
and I need to just quickly clarify
something before I end this video
because I get far too many messages but
you guys would not believe how many
messages I get about this the pictures
of me with my head shaved the picture of
Paris and I the picture of Clive and I
and the picture of me is Arwen a fake
their Photoshop I don't know any of
those people anyway yeah have a lovely
wait guys sorry I'm just
you don't even feel like your heads just
gonna explode yeah anyway but to do the
five facts why do I share 10 thing is
can anyone Jimmy T again that's the way
kids sanded
