now something very odd has happened I
was on YouTube just checking my comments
because I've been getting rid of spam as
well but I couldn't help but notice the
advert right beside my head
now I'm just saying what's with the no
way like come on that's tough that's
like putting these next to my head
that it would have yes way and no enemy
will be clicking X pay but oh sorry and
that reminds me why I was even looking
at my video to all the people who keep
spamming my video with your you know
your advertising your pornography can I
just say if you have to advertise your
pen ography on the internet that says a
lot because porn is pretty simple you
have a man you have a woman or you have
man and two women or sometimes one woman
and two men three you saw the video I
saw last night no I'm joking
sorry um what I meant is your video
probably sucks not enough no oh yeah um
you know what I mean
now what I want to say oh yes now
another thing I noticed when I was
online today is that you know there's
more competition out there I have to
compete with screenshots like this
you thinking hey you're a young lass you
have breasts don't you know that half
the news you get it because men are yeah
hand lotion thank you I thank you for
reminding me honestly every time I
forget you guys
bring it up again but you know what not
only has my you know my pureness being
questioned today you know I kind of feel
like this is a bit of a competition and
let's face it how did the two of us I
probably lose on that in that department
that but tell you what who better in
that department is the wine code oh it's
so happy the day I loved on I saw this
and before you ask - I always take
screenshots of Tony's videos yes I don't
know if you guys know who hotforwords is
I'm sure you do she spells out words and
she tells you the origins of them but
what made me laugh was that the wine
Kunz video that day was actually he was
spelling out words as well and all the
words to spell out but anyway and Tony
all I could think about when I was
watching your video was you know her
opening looks like this was making you
and opening so here you go yes that is
all sorry this was just a very
spur-of-the-moment thing because I saw
that little odd thing next my head um oh
my dress is sorry
Doug's out there my dress is done I sure
I made a video for you guys earlier but
I was a bit insane not that this is any
bit it kind of looks like this
me too TAS address huzzah look look look
tassels and Paislee like oh sorry Tanya
tassels about the like I say it on my
dazzles you got tassels you want sewn
give him to me oh god I need to sleep I
wish I could say that I had since baked
that was literally about an hour ago but
I had a pound app yeah
Nath look great yeah no I'm sorry I
already put up this video really quickly
because I saw the little ad thing and I
thought it was funny but I think a lot
of things are funny like this even if
you have to do this by jaw animal in
some piranhas look at the dog
