hi sorry it's almost 2 a.m. but I'm
gonna make a video because I'm going
insane I have been sewing for about God
knows 4 hours now and it has just been
so unsuccessful and you think you know
I'm Asian I have people overseas making
little added ass shoes Nike you think it
was in my genes apparently not
I suck at sewing I think I don't worried
that I'm gonna be you know that really
all for mother that sends their kids to
school in the worst costume ever
I'm sorry
I'm sorry gorgeous
next
you have the best room in the entire
school I'll buy it yeah I think my kids
are gonna have to just deal with the
fact that well but hey they don't exist
and haven't been born yet
but be that I will never ever be able to
make them costumes ever sorry major
flashback I just remember the last time
I had to dress up in a costume and it
would I had to be the placement in the
YMCA band and I had to sing YMCA why did
you make me dress up as the policeman in
the YMCA just putting that out there to
any teachers who might be watching our
news later that was a really weird thing
I don't know um potentially scarring
experience but imagine how my parents
felt it's Natalie up there oh um yeah
she's up there where is she front birth
really oh she's the place when we
thought that was a boy yeah he should
have seen it when she came out no sorry
that's me my parents aren't that mean
they weren't even there that night well
yeah
and a man issues yeah I'm just joking my
parents really lovely um sorry I'm sorry
shouldn't make jokes at 2:00 a.m. in the
morning but um oh I've been to see all
these movies lately I have to bitch
about this at least once those really
annoying little shorts they make at the
beginning of the movie telling you not
to download movies
why and like I totally understand you
need to make anti-piracy and you
download shorts but it's so in effect if
they make downloading look so easy
I love it it's like screw BitTorrent all
you need to do is go to a website and
click download and then a huge green
progress bar will show up your whole
room will go dark and your movie will
download in like a minute I love this
website but um yeah it's like in hacking
movies where the girls like
excellent
I love how easy it is like it makes me
think that maybe I could do hacking in
heaven knows I can't even the way I
solved computer problem this is just
like it's not working it's not working
it's not working it's not working and
then I just press the power button and
then I run out the room I know that's
really bad dude um what was he gonna say
sorry so early in the morning shouldn't
make videos but oh I have people keep
going to me about the parents video I
uploaded the parents video onto another
website and that way only people who
ever in do it like however many minutes
this video is the Hardcore people wow I
am so uncool um the hardcore people
whoever whatever I'll stop sorry um can
check it out I'll link it I don't like
that people do that so I won't do it
I'll link it in the description box and
you can check out the private videos out
I might put up the bogan one there as
well just because then it avoids the
YouTube traffic and it's only people who
actually want to see it so there you go
I'm gonna keep sewing now sweatshop
oh and Kaitlyn I think this is yours is
this your comb I found it after you left
and I'm assuming it's yours
show me to post it back to you I think
thinking in every no I'll stop people
really speak those kind of jokes I make
I didn't just throw it really hard it
landed on something else sorry this was
a very old school blog just me talking
hurt that's all right
what a my name is mowing the lawn it's
Joey em and he's mowing the lawn trying
to sew on bloody spirit fingers what do
they call tassels and I'm really
eloquent if it was my friend Natalie she
she has a bit of trouble communicating
she passing for about time developing
twitch birthday she's having a 20s theme
so I want to make a flapper dress
because believe it or not people that
sell flower dresses and I have that we
don't see anything and I was like
costume hyah
oh no and not the good kind of sewing
though that doesn't work some other man
Oh
