hi yes I know I haven't made a video in
about a month but I will explain this
her first off the reason I took down my
parents video for those people have been
messaging me is because it received an
absurd amount of views like ridiculously
unjustified and let's face it you guys
know I put out crap I know I put out
crap the reason it got so many views was
because of these so I'd like to debunk
this theory just now in this video if
there any recent subscribers who
subscribed for the wrong reasons the
possibility of me having large breasts
is about the same as me being tall or
having an ass as much as I would love it
it's not in my genes I don't know
granted every now and then one comes
along but I don't know what they eating
like the chicken and it's not chicken I
don't like this theory I've tried
everyone says chicken worked Erin today
I wanted to talk about a total role
reversal which happened to me at work
and I just kind of psyched me out you do
you guys remember when you're a child
and you're misbehaving your parents say
you know that lady she's getting angry
at you they just point out somebody and
it scares you today I was that lady but
no it was really hot because his woman
came in and yeah
you make one more noise this lady here
she's gonna get very angry at you
but the problem was she didn't just do
it once she did a couple of times so for
this kid I'm like this figure of evil
not really it is a lovely topic Andy do
you know what this letter just told me
this lady just told me that you were
very naughty child you the most naughty
child that has ever come into the store
then if you don't stop she's going to
kick you out of here I never realized
until today how uncomfortable and it is
when a parent points you out is a type
of authority figure because the kids
just look at you with this horrible
expression and I just felt awful because
I was gonna give the kid a sticker to
shut them up I love sorry it sounds
awful I love kids but um yeah I mean
lady if your kid turns out to be a bit
you know my name on the wall kind of
lady in the shop yeah let's stick in a
couple of years I'm gonna be unhappy
with you hmm but now I realized that
when my parents were like that
policeman's gonna come over here and
arrest you wasn't gonna happen that was
mean all right um well I really enjoyed
having Caitlyn over and yeah Caitlyn is
such a lovely person so just want to say
hi to Caitlyn and yeah having her over
was good
it was like having a friend in the
playground there's a funny
that's not about some freakin hello one
thing
you can't have someone else ready to
Fred kaitlin's but you always become a
it's an attitude where you skip it
something you do you act you and me
we're like this this was really bad
they're just like you never talk to be
upset I throw the baby them something
I've died maybe that first have you bet
the the block nice thing that yeah baby
- bit funny bit
and what's that that was I getting it
out
but yeah hang you with Kaitlyn with so
much fun I cannot explain to you I had a
blast I had to show you guys the our
takes let's go say remind me to show you
the our takes thing time um but yes
sorry um what is it yeah no it was great
to me damn Oh finally um I was you know
great to hang out with you and I was not
lovely to meet Nate and he's part of and
one of course and Steve Grove the man
the legend and it was so much fun um all
of us a oh and to make up for the fact
that I've been away for a month and that
this video is very subpar I will make a
whole bunch of videos that people always
ask me for I'll make a violin video the
reason I don't make a violin video is
for a few reasons actually it's because
when you're Asian and your plane and
spread nobody really seems to be
impressed it's just like oh yeah of
course
let me tell you something I didn't come
out of the womb playing an instrument
they didn't come out of the womb doing
dry cleaning I didn't come out of the
womb playing ping-pong so I had to learn
it just as much as anybody else but um
yeah so I'll do that I'll do a scene
video I'll do everything except a
dancing video unless you have no um my
cue to go but yes I'll put up the
Caitlyn pits now so see you soon that
way we can't do the folk dance company
that's don't think this is gonna work I
don't think you'd be tails all right
good
so everything you do now and it's not
because you okay I
