hi um I just wanted to make a quick
video blog because I wanted to recommend
a film for you guys it's the best film
it's a number it's one of the but it's
certainly one of the best films though
that I've seen this year and it's called
once and it's a movie about music but
before you cringe I promise you it's not
one of those crazy Musical movies where
people just randomly burst into song
because you know something really
serious will be happening in the music
and like something depressing and by the
way the kid always has a speech
impediment can I ask you a question of
course you can sweetheart what is it why
don't you
it's not one of those films I promise
it's just really lovely so go and check
out once or check out a trailer for it
I'm really sorry I can't show you
anything but um the trailer does the
movie no justice but if you feel like a
really beautiful movie it's
non-pretentious it's beautiful so check
it out
now to boiler plate I thought I would
answer this because I guess sorry my
speakings me I get asked this so many
times um no I'm not kidding mich and -
Eric oh I'm really sorry I know we all
look the same but how do you think I
feel you know I don't even know if the
people in the living room are my parents
well my relatives come over for dinner
I'm seriously I don't know where to go
home with I almost hopped on a tour bus
the other day but don't worry we all
start to look different eventually maybe
but I'm yeah sorry this is building up
for me because I get so many stupid
comments where do you people live where
you've never seen an Asian person
speaking English because
it drives me mental you like the people
who serve me in shops
hi sorry what do you need help
no no I can understand you do you want
to buy the books with money of course I
want to fucking buy the book Lane you
know I was gonna pay with it with rice
grains sorry hard to get that off my
chest
Erik um I'm really sorry I actually lost
this video I made it and then I lost it
and then I had to kind of do it again
and this is the result and if I could
return it I would sure a lot of people
would return me fine come with a receipt
my parents would have but I'm yes I'll
stop this now sorry I'm making video
very soon because I don't actually have
any work this week which is really nice
so yeah check out once and I'll see you
guys soon
sorry but yeah
