hi Natalie thanks Lenny listen to you
thank you for having me
we actually won't talk to you about
Caitlyn today there's a lot of
relationship rumors flying around and
we're just wondering is there you want
to share well Caitlyn Caitlyn and I have
a very long history together a lot of
people don't know this but we actually
met on a television set really yeah in
in Hollywood I actually played the
original xeno in a series called Xena
Warrior Princess and Caitlyn was my
Gabriel and we spent a lot of time
together with mutual fondness for each
other as you do when we spend a lot of
time with coworkers and it just
blossomed into love yes and what
happened after that well we had a child
Dakota and she's she's very successful
now and first a lot of people you know
they
okay whispering in my ear they disliked
no Dakota doesn't look like you and I
just I brushed to decide you know not
suspecting anything I thought you know
sometimes genes skip a generation and
when we have our second child all right
you know I got a bit suspicious because
you know both of them blonde it was a
little bit of a stretch they didn't have
me and so I questioned her about it and
what was her response to that she
revealed to me that they were both the
love children of the little man you know
actually it's a little apprentice man I
don't know maybe apprentices fall in
love with each other but you did meet
again we we met again during a series
called Lord of the Rings Caitlin was
cast as Ewan and she was wonderful in
the role and I was actually originally
meant to be
Aaron really yes but for personal
reasons
what cut and they put leave Tyler the
closest looked like they could find as
my replacement and you met again deceit
huh well oh we met again on YouTube
actually I found out she was a blogger
and when she discovered that I did video
blogs as well she posted a video kind of
as a personal attack I think that only I
understood and she reveals to people a
bit of the affections that we used to
have Frasier and what was your view on
the video well I think it was very
seeding it was full of lies because it
was never likely though
it was more like give it to me oh oh you
cheating dirty ho just oh we've got home
okay yep yep that's funny thing so bye
