hi okay I couldn't make a video because
basically I my face exploded and I
looked like this and I kind of
considered making a video blog but then
I thought no this this won't be funny
when you look at it in a week
Aaron so when I was lying in bed feeling
very sorry for myself as you do
I thought about sick days you know days
when you're absent from school and I
realized how much easier they are when
you know obviously when you graduated
because when I was a kid sick days were
a really big thing you see my sister
used always come in before school and
she'd find me lying Leah been pretending
dude sick and I'd give a great time
because my poor mother he stole my boy
baby yes I know I was issued
Oh Natalie you don't feel very well
maybe you'll see
do you maybe you need to stay home today
mom she's badly Isabel that's not a very
nice thing to suggest
she's pulling faces
a little shit Isabelle
now it's kind of like you want this is
the life I should just always have a bad
base owner boom oh sorry I just realized
I had my knees out that was very casual
at me right
um I have to tell you guys I was a
little bit disappointed when my face got
better because I mean I can't describe
it to you guys apart from me it was just
very red
it was very bloated and my skin was
burning and it peeled off about three
you know three days ago it started to
peel so it was really kind of ghastly
and I felt like one of those people who
had gone on those shows you know they go
away and they get plastic surgery they
come back in their husband's like oh my
god can't believe you feel beautiful and
whatever and I kind of I felt like you
know there better be some type of reward
some type of light at the end of the
tunnel and I looked in the mirror
yesterday when it filing stopped peeling
and stuffing outside yeah it seemed
better there okay I'm gonna stop because
I'm a bit tired and I yeah today was
really my first day kind of out of the
house and I had unis and left the house
at 7:00 and worked and didn't come home
to about 9:00 so mitt tired but let me
say marker marker yeah I guess people
say market the only time you really say
marker in Australia is when you say
whiteboard marker otherwise it's a
texture and textures range from the
little textures you used to coloring you
know the Kinect opinions and to this
this is a texture um trying to think oh
yeah someone was like tampon I thought
you were holding a tampon made I don't
know
you've seen but if you're shoving things
that sorry has a bit foul of me I'll
stop you can tell I'm tired when I start
getting foul
