hi so I'm a bit of a rebel shake well
before drinking no one tells me what to
do so when my phone tells me it's low
battery I get all low battery tell
someone who cares and then I ignore it
but then when the inevitable happens no
now I have to like just be with myself
no and even though I knew the phone was
dying I ignore it which got me thinking
imagine if he treated a dying person
like you treated a dying phone would you
ignore it when they told you they were
dying yeah yeah no I I just want you to
know that I'm dying was that worth
interrupting my youtube video for that's
thanks
would you take away all the fun
activities in an attempt to make them
live longer what ah no you are not
watching any YouTube videos you do not
need to be listening to any more music
and you know what you don't need all
this brightness you can save on the
brightness ya might make you last a
little bit longer be smart about things
would you ask them to take photos of
your food even though you know they're
weak take a photo of me of my food I am
I probably shouldn't be taking photos
when I'm so weak oh how many times
you're gonna tell me that you're dying
can you take a photo yeah I can I can
yep cool
take a photo one two three there was no
flash I don't have the energy to use the
flower
well great that's probably gonna be a
crap photo thanks a lot God dying people
suck and when they die would you only
mourn their loss because they have all
your phone numbers oh oh oh my god what
am I gonna do I don't know how to call
my mom now cuz I totally don't know her
number you idiot who knows the mom's
number
what's my mom's number Hey oh you're so
useless you're useless you're so useless
and most importantly would your mother
be sort of secretly happy that they died
I can't believe she died well I'm glad
she's dead how can you say that well you
come over here you're my daughter and
all you do is spend time looking at your
friend yeah now we can maybe
have a proper conversation kids these
days looking at their friends do you
guys ignore low battery warnings see
it's the only realm in which I can kind
of be a rebel see I joked before but I
would completely shake the bottle if it
asked me to shake well before drinking
no one tells me what to do I probably
should shake it though just in case you
know just in case but low battery
warning huh tell someone who cares kid
you're in my hood now
is that what rebels I don't know
whatever rebels say insert it there
that's what I think rebels say anyway
speaking of technology by the way if you
follow me on Facebook or Twitter you
probably read that I had my bag stolen
while I was on the train recently and
inside of it were both of my work
cameras which I also use for YouTube my
laptop my hard drives my cards and
everything so I just wanted to say a big
thank you to my partner Rowan who helped
me grab this replacement camera really
quickly so I could refilm this and he
helped me reshoot everything and I lost
you know when we have the bag stolen we
lost all our travel photos our travel
videos that we were making just
everything so I wanted to say thank you
to him for being so lovely through all
of it and I know a lot of you were like
you should have backed everything up we
were backing them all up on the hard
drives which got stolen as well and
unfortunately when you film video it's
it's really big and it's not really you
can't really back it all up to cloud so
yeah but thank you so much for being so
supportive and thank you to you guys
because I posted about it and you left
such lovely comments it's just stuff at
the end the end of the day and no one
was hurt or anything but it meant a lot
to me that you wrote such lovely things
and put a big smile on my dial thank you
as did all your comments on my last
video which was about hiding food from
yourself and particularly because you
had left so many comments about my
chalky elbows thanks guys
it is winter and I'm traveling you got
dry skin it's a lot of aircon heating
going on but cool no worries always
given enough not a tough time that's
cool so I got some moisturiser
I'm going to moisturize up these elbows
for you and you like that is that better
for you there we go I just want you I
also suffer from dandruff when I travel
a lot so if you see that I'm sorry too
yeah keep this beautiful imagery
right now till I see you guys next week
until then I hope you're well
moisturize I'll see you soon bye okay
it's bonny music / comment I'm an orange
Eddie I've gotta tell you mate if you
don't like Pringles I don't know if we
can be friends and I don't really feel
human and thank you guys thank you for
pointing out yet again one of my very
attractive qualities but I moisturize
for you in a video and that's not
something I thought I would do and
whenever I've made videos I've always
hoped that they were the kind of content
that would mean people would ask
questions like this yeah high-caliber
videos of this channel I'm very sorry
