hi and welcome to an almost sort of kind
of housekeeping video yeah sorry for
those of you have just subscribed or who
haven't who aren't acquainted with my
housekeeping videos my housekeeping
videos I need to forewarn you are
notoriously boring so if you're watching
after this point that's your own fault
okay um my parents came home from the US
which is why I'm back home you would
have noticed
so no oh see why do my parents didn't
kick me out they sent me away so I could
be someone else's responsibility and
when I came back we had present-giving
time and present-giving time this year
was really interesting I brought you
girls back lots of nice presents okay
see you
and Natalie this one was a really big
one
yes well we saw these in the shop
and I thought I had to get a few as well
you
just so that you can just you won't even
notice they're on so it's kind of like
oh thanks mom
we travel 20 hours on a plane to get to
the other side of the world and all you
remember on the way back is natalie has
acne and it wasn't just kind of like
acne cream as in I think you could do
something about the acne on your face it
was jumbo acne cream it was you
definitely have acne you can definitely
do something about it definite oh Jesus
that thing is bigger than my head anyway
so apparently you'll be able to see
results in 3 days so today is Monday
hopefully by Wednesday I will look
beautiful hopefully I will look like she
does um and speaking of which check out
these before and after photos check out
the chick down the bottom look at this
when she starts off she has a blue lips
blue lips and what looks like a 5
o'clock shadow to me and at the end she
looks beautiful now people who have acne
like myself feel bad already you don't
have to give him blue lips but anyway um
so she gave me those and she gave me
teeth whitening strips because she
doesn't like my teeth which is fair
enough
I don't like my date veneer him um
Tuesday Boston 3 you are you've gathered
that you said you gathered that I was
short tiny digit were your words I
measured myself and I have found out
that I am 5 foot 1 but I'm almost five
foot one and a half yeah
yeah um now gloves are 3:08 you mention
that you Facebook store now I noticed
this comment because you had the word
stalk and my eyes just kind of um I
didn't know what my face was though
my face Facebook I didn't know what
Facebook was though but my friend
recently introduced introduced me so I
signed up yesterday so I'll have to
stalk all of you now on Facebook so
sleep well tonight knowing that I'm
trying to find you all
speaking of MySpace though one American
for liberty you ask me why my myspace
links don't work
that's because I'm a nob and I don't
know how to use computers it's really
much it but um you probably have noticed
that if you've looked at my myspace page
and you've realized that it's just this
blank white page and it's not fun or any
of that I find my space very
intimidating by the way you guys are all
extremely attractive and you all have
very attractive friends and then I try
and comment and there's me with my
stupid life-size mannequin but I can't
find any other sites to put up so that's
me and that mannequin and um yeah I just
kind of get embarrassed cuz everyone's
like well not like that they're much
more attractive in their myspace photos
and then I just post a comment with my
stupid and ugly doll but anyway um okay
usually my housekeeping videos would
continue on and on and on forever and
this one has gone on for a bit but not
as long as usual so that's why this is a
kind of sort of not really asking video
um yeah I've decided to break it up now
I kind of do it slowly hopefully that'll
ease the pain and last but certainly not
least it was the biggest to present to
bring over
this
there we go oh no it's a weight losing
use a lot and you look because it's so
big you lose a lot of weight come on try
it you just do it for ten minutes a day
and sorry to give you such a boring
video but I will be putting up a few new
videos in the near future with a few
different others youtubers who you'll
recognize more than you'd recognize me
so hope you guys had a really good day
good Monday
so see you soon random footage time with
