hi um sorry someone's a bit in like they
weren't quite sure if they liked my hi
or not they said they weren't sure if it
was annoying if it's any consolation to
you if you actually knew me in real life
more than just my hi would get on your
nerves
I suppose that's not much help anyway
I didn't think I've spoken about this
before I I never figured out anything
cool to say I just always started off my
blogs with her with a lame hi I should
have been like sxephil you know long
time no see
but as you just saw then I can't do that
in a very cool manner I'm not you know
what was that I'm not very cool
anyway I'll stop that now um I haven't
been able to make a video because of a
lot of things we've been busy at work
we're doing stop taking at the moment
which is very exciting
and I've just been waiting for the
haters to leave my page they kind of act
like subscribers they keep coming back
to my page one of them commented like
five times on my video they keep coming
back to my page and then they watch
other videos and and then they send me
hate mail so they're very dedicated and
I appreciate they have that much time on
their hands so I'm sorry if I left you
guys I don't know I was being very
emotional sorry
and speaking of which though I can't
answer emails and messages I've talked
about how YouTube messages just don't
work for me so I apologize if you've
been doing that and emails I've just
been flooded with hate mail and after a
while reading about 20 I hope you get
raped emails you kind of go you know
what maybe I maybe I shouldn't do this
in my spare time so if you really want
to contact me then leave a comment on my
page and my people will contact you
couple get in touch because you guys
know that it's really important to me
that we can communicate this is just a
talking video really just to just a
touch base and let you guys know that as
soon as I come home before night time
I'll start making videos again probably
tomorrow I'll have another one up random
footage time so like I said this is a
really boring touch base kind of video I
will create a community channel sticking
with things so that we can chat because
I do feel really awful because I see how
many people write in the emails and I
just I'm sorry guys it's just really it
gets you down reading all that
after a while so um so that way we can
all we get all channel will you do that
yes I'll stop this now hopefully I'll
see you guys tomorrow bye
