hi um someone asked me what i what i did
as a job I mean like what I previously
done as jobs because I mentioned that I
was a bit of a retail yeah I mean I
started off where everything does in an
address factory sewing clothes no I am I
worked in fast food about a year I did
McDonald's as you do and then I did
Boston Market I don't know if that's any
kind of accurate portrayal of American
food maybe it's our version of the
Outback Steakhouse I don't know but I
worked there which was great would you
like meeting three bitch your meeting to
veggie or would you just like our
vegetarian option but there was this one
kid that used to always be at the
restaurant and they'd always be putting
food on the glass and they wouldn't care
that I'd have to keep cleaning it anyway
I got kind of fit up after a while
and then I worked at a gym can't come in
one because you haven't paid for youth
you tell me something
are you open today where's you guys in
love this one
can you see me in the picture sure you
can I'm the one in the middle yes that's
right
I had to dress up as huge animals yeah
now you guys have to feel sorry for
those people because you know they used
to strap ice on to me and it would melt
within 5 minutes there the strap ice
around my body and you can't be in that
suit for longer than 10 minutes because
you can't breathe and anyway so don't
kick those people I used to get kicked
so many times God um yes but but you'll
be happy to know that before I left the
store because I was quite fed up with
the company before I left the store I
did a big huge dirty dance in my bear
outfit outside the farm the kids were
robbed and then I was one of those
bitchy cosmetics people but I hated
lying to people well will this work well
it makes me look younger
so that didn't last long but now I work
for a very lovely company and I uh well
I study and they're very good to me why
while I study yes my manager might watch
this so I have to be extremely nice but
um so if you think you might have seen
me in any of those places
Sydney CSI perhaps yeah sorry this video
is all choppy
nobody explained at the beginning that
it was crap I can't remember but I have
to give a big shout out to em still to
24 who claimed his title so you are now
king mic men above men drinks pictures
by the pictures electrical engineer
extraordinaire my number one fan from
San Diego also known as the whales
Cutter box yeah I mean who's that so
there you go so there is your official
title and a big hello to Damian from
MySpace because you aren't a member of
YouTube you said that anyway dude I
should go to bed
