hi this is a video I am sorry what am i
doing
what's this I'll stop this now sorry um
thank you to all my new subscribers and
of course chef and training and you
mentioned to all my old subscribers um I
really wasn't expecting the response
that I got for my last video but thank
you very much
that's why I haven't really made a video
in a while I felt that now I had to make
something good to follow up that I've
never lived up to expectation really so
yeah um I have two very important things
to tell my subscribers my new ones
number one I am lame I just sit on my
ass and talk shite and I make a lot of
mistakes except try the foul mouth but
if you can deal with that and enjoy that
then thank you and welcome aboard number
two and that's all I had to say I'm
Australian anyway um I wanted to talk
about Halloween I do have quite a few
shout outs but I was hoping to leave
those for a second I want to talk about
Halloween we don't celebrate Halloween
in Australia I but you know every now
and then I get a knock on the door it's
always the same kind of knock I live you
know I live in a rough neighborhood
in fact if I tell people where I lived
they're like oh okay then they back away
three steps they make sure they've got
their wallets I don't look like a I'm a
I come from the neighborhood because I'm
a nerd but anyway um yes this is what
happened this year and it made me lose
faith in mankind because each year you
know when Halloween comes around I get
bullied by the kids in the neighborhood
damnation god I hope that I've watched
these videos because
- way up but this is what happened this
year
it's the only thing that there's just no
just awesome but for everyone so yes I
did
bullied by the neighborhood kids but I'm
quite happy to be bullied by them while
they're kids before they go to jail
anyway um I have quite a few shout outs
now so this will all be shout outs and a
lot more people deserve shoutouts and
this I'm sorry I just can't do it in the
time limit but I'll try my best these
are the people who I have written down
whose names I can mostly pronounce sorry
um thank you to go hear Ohio for your
video thank you for your videos very
sweet of you
unfortunately I look like a tosser in
every single shot that you got of me I'm
like um anyway um but it's very sweet of
you thank you very much um thank you -
okie 1981 for your clients and your
messages thank you - don't bomb fam i
doubt blue will do a parody of me thank
you - peach 4:08 do I like Justin Justin
Timberlake I am not hit I'm not cool or
any of that jazz I haven't heard much of
Justin I know who he is doing things I'm
like Eric is that Justin Timberlake I
know he is I yeah I I guess I he's
alright I kind of I'm more into pop
though I'm not pop soul sorry I find it
the pop music these days is highly
generated it's all about production he
doesn't really sing very much from what
I heard but I mean if you like him that
not gonna yell at you or anything um
thank you to Elwood ah for your
responses you have numbers after your
name but I didn't write them down sorry
um thank you I can't believe you drank a
liter of milk you're mad what the hell's
wrong with you I did that
I've got sick I told you I will you
should learn from my mistakes you should
watch my videos ago that's something
else not to do but yes thank you yes we
have Nesquik here I don't know why your
Nesquik sits on the top and it's quick
usually blends into the milk does it
right um
thank you for your videos and as for
your YouTube obsession I think we're all
kind of addicted to YouTube
unfortunately YouTube isn't popular in
Australia it's it's considered bizarre
so I get picked on a lot for doing
YouTube videos myspace is still
considered weird kind of so yeah YouTube
is really those behind open flaming kind
of stuff um thank you to Frank o7x for
pointing out the fact that I'm a nerd
I know yes thank you to Jack up Cyrus
and MST Elte r24 who made me laugh
because they were poking fun at me for
buying that paper thing thank you to
Asian little boys the AZN thing to mean
Asian took me a very long time because
in Australia we say said so anyway um
yeah you mentioned that I give your
meaning to your life I really the only
way I could think that I make a
contribution is the fact that you can
look at me and know is it no matter how
bad life is going for you someone out
there is more of a wanker not that I'm
saying you're a wanker I'm just
I'm a wanker yes
don't take that in a bad way I you're
cool I'm not sorry
yeah you know what I mean sorry you
thank you to Daniel J forgiving me
double points for being a Milo drinking
Ozzy someone asked me what other things
I enjoy I enjoy anything that's kind of
reminiscent of chocolate and not real
the considered food I love Nutella
notice how I always buy jumbo sized
things I have a bigger jug job but I
won't show you that um thank you - tipsy
- three one one okie 1981 Warsaw 44
vowel monster ml Adah L 1982 crazy X
monster for saying I was a potential
real soccer mum I doubt it my kid won't
play soccer
my kid will be allergic to everything
because they'll have my OCD they'll be
like mommy says we can't play on the
grass because it's dirty
yeah they'll be allergic to everything
and diet like 24 my kid will be the kid
that was in my girl that died cuz he got
stung by bees oh thank you - zinger zoom
on G glide 22j comics super target 77
knob 3 to 7 F Dylan and TV see desi day
with the healthy day CD k 277 asked me
school come curse Mac 456 a Tammy tree
74 I'm a tiny bear lost his great shirt
and there's so many more people like
Heinekens felt with a three Asian
flavors spike 839 del 89 Asian fan 0 0 7
and the person who has bass written in
the name
can't read my handwriting I'm sorry a
devil man who spells it with a three who
said I could be golem without makeup I
know that's not a compliment but I'll
thank you anyway
you know it pisses me off when people
take things that are meant to be
offensive there's a compliment anyway um
James f 63 do xyla MF c c MF there's a
lot of people and usually I say
everybody's name who subscribes to me I
tried it earlier and it didn't really
work out this is what it looked like and
yes I fast forwarded it but it still
ended up being 12 minutes so I'm gonna
leave it there cuz my videos just gone
downhill not because I said thank you
you guys but just because I'm boring now
and just talking shite which I promised
you earlier all right sorry
