hi so sometimes I get stuck in what I
like to call the birthday song dilemma
and the birthday song dilemma happens
when just say the birthday person's name
is Helen but Helen is also these
people's mother and then you think day
wait a minute we can decide if we're
gonna sing Helen or if we were gonna
sing mama Oh God okay well she's their
mom so I'm gonna sing mom happy
happy birthday to you
keep it parade / embarrassing for your
not get your own mom yeah it's the pits
serves me right for trying to fit in
usually I just do the acceptable thing
where everyone just kind of goes mmm in
place of somebody's name happy birthday
ha and why is it that the birthday song
is such a big deal you could be out in a
restaurant and somebody else in the
restaurant is celebrating their birthday
but you stop your conversation join in
it's like a compulsory anthem which got
me thinking how many situations could
you stop with happy birthday if any of
you move I will shoot you I will not
hesitate be birthday to you happy
birthday to you say you were going to
lunch wait a minute
what made dressing oh this is so
embarrassing and you know what's
interesting how do we all know how we're
going to sing and fit that name into
that gap like you could sing in a whole
bunch of different ways but everyone
does it the same way and there's no
pre-match consultation it's like we're
born with this instinct any name no
matter how many syllables humans can fit
into that gap birthday dear Ben hey do
Rachel Day dear Rebecca Day deep
Penelope birthday D Alexandria and I can
keep going playoff you know there's no
confusion about how you would sing a
naming happy birthday it's like the most
useless Basic Instinct ever you want me
to show you which way is north no chance
but if you have a ten syllable name I
can sing that in happy birthday for you
easy yeah I'm useless anyway let me know
in the comments below
how do you deal with the birthday song
dilemma do you go name do you sometimes
brave nickname do you go relation or do
the
I kind of just opt for the more more now
it's very attraction but yet let me know
in the comments below and speaking of
comments thank you for your comments in
my last video which was about when your
friends tell you they look like
celebrities but only from a certain side
angle or that they only share one
feature in common
speaking of I posted this picture
me dressed up as Walter White for
Halloween on my Facebook Twitter and
Instagram and I got this great comment
on my Facebook page and said I looked
like him but only that small spot on my
cheek yeah you were referencing I like
what you did there nice anyway let me
know in the comments below how do you
deal with the birthday song dilemma
don't forget to subscribe for new videos
and I will try and put out a new video
at the end of this week to make up for
the lack of one last week and a big good
luck by the way I'm sorry I didn't say
it last time to all the year 12 students
who watch me I hope you guys are doing
well don't stress out too much in your
exams
just remember worst comes to worst you
could end up like me I know that's
terrible no good luck with your exams
for everyone else I hope you guys are
well and I'll see you soon bye okay it's
porn music / comment time I am so
excited because Marc and Carlene I think
I have found a match for the two of you
Marc you've been told you look like
Shrek and Carlene you've been told you
look like Fiona Shrek I'm sensing some
magic here and Schmoe Zarrella your
friend Sophie it sounds awesome I'm not
sure it quite works that way but I'll
give it a shot
