hi so don't know about you guys but I
get pretty upset if I injure myself go
to inspector damaged and then find what
no wound betrayal because I think deep
down I really want there to be a wound
so that I can show off how much it hurts
Oh
oh my god you've been shot by the table
how don't question things man just
notice how hurt I am I feel sorry for me
because the worst thing is when a friend
says something like oh it's nothing
you'll be all right
will I well I really because I much
prefer you've been shot
you give my parents this letter it'll
tell them how to divvy up my DVDs I'm
gonna give you banner brothers cuz we're
like Band of Brothers now I don't think
you're gonna die no no I think I'm gonna
die it's pretty bad it's bleedin out I
think if I get a medic someone might be
on that's bad it's bad I'm gonna die
Hoadley looks like it can be a deal way
worse than it looks I think that we
don't just give me this unbelievable cuz
you know sometimes a friend just won't
feel sorry for you and then you have to
go and feel sorry for yourself ah it
hurt so much
what do you want a medal yeah and for
her bravery after hitting the table
private tran hey take more photos
I know it's just how great would it be
if you could justify how much you carry
on when you bump your foot or hit your
funny bone or have a brain freeze
really brain freeze hurts you that much
yes you have had brain freeze before it
kills you know what crossing you off
this DVD list yeah it's true
sometimes I even worried that I would be
like this oh hi yes oh my god she's so
gonna see how much I was hurt yes yes
and for her bravery after being hit by a
car which definitely would have hurt
dude private Tran d'Or about it talk
about it just take a photo yeah I know
very mature me but let me know in the
comments below do you guys ever secretly
hope that you'll find a wound or a gash
of some sort just so you can justify how
much you're carrying on no just me
that's cool
otherwise do you have any friends who
downplay your injuries like a cruel son
of a bitch let me know in the comments
below and speaking of comments thank you
for your comments on my last video which
was just on Monday in case you missed it
which was about receiving prank calls
and how you deal with them I'm glad so
many of you are so young you don't
remember having landlines and getting
prank calls that don't make me feel old
at all thanks for that yeah um let me
know in the comments below how you do
with pain because I am going to deliver
some to you let me know you do you deal
with pain that's not a scary question
yeah let me know ah and don't forget to
subscribe I have a new video up each
week which is Wednesday 4:00 in the
asia-pacific region or choose everywhere
else otherwise you can follow me on
Facebook Twitter Instagram the links are
below and I will see you guys then bye
crossing you off this DVD list you can
have Fraser okay it's funny music /
comment time and no I didn't have to
call myself 14 times I just had to put
that in afterwards because no one has
called me and I have no messages and you
know what I love that Otto joke I'm not
gonna lie I laughed a lot at that and
you know what Joshua some of us still
have landlines and sham / hope one day
that someone will call cuz we're very
lonely and who's gonna judge us on that
hmm
