hi so I've recently joined Instagram and
I've discovered oh snap
I'm the best photographer ever well not
so much but I do love how you can take a
photo of something pretty ordinary add a
filter and all of a sudden it becomes a
lot cooler which got me thinking how
great would it be if you had Instagram
in real life oh man my skin looks awful
today why you just Instagram it what do
you mean ah
if you Instagram things they look so
much better just cool I'll show you
Instagram oh my god that is amazing you
look so much cooler yeah I know it's
weird
Instagram makes everything looks more
retro in real life or something you
should try it
absolutely Instagram what look how cool
I like it I like it a lot you know what
you're going to love seeing what
Instagram does to food it's crazy
yeah those pancakes don't look so good
not so good huh now check this out
Instagram that's awesome wait a minute
what happens if you Instagram an
Instagram Instagram
ah get fuck yeah and to be fair a lot of
things on my Instagram look a lot better
online than they do in real life sort of
like how thoughts are better in your
head than when you say them out loud I
reckon if I were a guy I would be pretty
into me so let me know in the comments
below are you ever guilty of Instagram
cheating do you use filters even though
you know it makes it look completely
different or deceptively better online
there is in real life let me know and
tag a friend who is most guilty of using
Instagram filters for flattery also
apologize about there being no video
last week I tried to make one but it was
really weird and when I say we're these
videos are pretty bad as they are so if
it didn't make the cut it's really bad
but I apologize it to make up for it
there'll be two videos this week this
one and then one on Sunday and then back
to Wednesday again I am sorry
I know I've said it before but yes I
apologize thank you though for your
comments on my last video which was
about the deadly door draft and the
people who leave the door open
thank you for those that really made me
laugh I'll talk about them in Pawnee
music / comment time but I'll see you
guys on Sunday and I hope you're well
until then bye so Natalie tell me what
do people who make videos on the
internet do at nighttime
oh they film themselves they eat a
shitload of peg okay it's funny music /
comment time and I know guys you're
always constantly blown away by my
special effects I know where to call me
up and ask me to work on the latest
lauter rings and I was like hello
I got shit videos to make online and you
know I'm not gonna lie I did check out a
good hair day I made a video way before
I needed to because my hair was falling
nicely and I can't believe that someone
as cheesy as myself didn't think of that
pun I'm gonna use that from now on cuz
I'm
