hi so I can be a bit dramatic sometimes
I can't feel a pulse
I don't have a pulse I don't have a
pulse where I'm dead what if this is all
being a dream and one of the things I
always overreact to is when someone
enters a room and oh my god I'm so glad
your hands the most terrible fingers out
but I was driving my sister in the car
then a truck came out of nowhere bitch
left the door open and even though in
reality it looks like this in my world
it looks like this and because I'm super
selfish I can't concentrate on anything
that they're saying because all I'm
focusing on is the draft from the door I
mean they said even if she does recover
she probably won't walk again and I
don't know what to do like if like a
pencil enix have been for ages
put this de 5 on this cold exhibition
had to cut off my hand from frostbite
ain't my travel companion which got me
thinking and what situation would it
ever be okay for somebody to open the
door and let cold air in Oh dad you're
gonna take me to hospital my water just
broke bitch left the door open we've got
one more in here madam I'm gonna have to
ask you to come downstairs there's a
fire and we're back way to the building
bitch left the door open
Natalie Roberts McCutcheon and in you
helped save guts
Batman left the door open
yeah I know it's a hard life it's like
when my laptops dying and my charges in
the other room yeah I'm awesome but I
would love to know so let me know in the
comments below how do you deal with it
when somebody does something really
small that irritates you do you sit
there and you know passively
aggressively hope that they'll figure it
out or you proactive and you say
something or you find the solution I
like to think that the majority of us
fall into the passive-aggressive don't
really do anything that's why we're all
on YouTube complaining when really
there's probably work that could be done
but yeah I'm not judging let me know in
the comments below and speaking of
watching videos by the way thank you for
watching and commenting on my last two
videos which were about adult themes and
being kidnapped for my birthday yeah I
apologize about the last video being a
little bit different but thank you for
sticking through and a big shout-out to
these lovely people who sent in their
photos thank you so much for saying hi
let me know in the comments below how
you deal with situations
and don't forget to subscribe for a new
video each week which is Wednesday if
you're in the asia-pacific region and
Tuesday everywhere else boring at ro and
I will see you guys then I hope you're
well by the way bye
okay it's porn music / comment time and
you make fun of me guys but I have been
told by someone that my drawings almost
look like photographs the person may
have been me and I love how many of you
want adult themed warnings for parents
telling us to get jobs it isn't it
terrible how parents always telling you
to get a job seriously guys just shut up
and feed me and you know what Eric I
like that you took it on yourself to
speak for all Oaxacan fans I'm sure
they'll all agree with you
