hi so you know what's exciting when your
food is ready
hey NAT dinner's ready yes but more than
that when a friend announces they're
about to watch a television show that
you love I'm thinking I might start
watching madman yes yes yes yes I think
the reason I love it so much is because
now I get to see them go through all the
emotion of the show that I know is
coming are you going to watch me watch
the whole thing you bet I am because I
want to see you get emotional about what
I got emotional about hello has it
happened yet it's so sad it's so sad
right I can't believe that it's
happening it's happening
I love how sad you are right now what
which got me thinking imagine if you
enjoyed your friends feeling like this
in any other situation oh no oh no what
happened mom has to take the dog to the
vet again because she's getting worse
call me when the sad part happens what I
don't to spoil it for you but it's about
to get really really sad color did it
happen yet yes it happened the dog died
sounds I said right now are you crying I
kind of feel like you're getting off on
this good I'm not you know it's like
when you share a video with someone and
you watch their face the entire time
they're watching it and then get
outraged if the reaction isn't what you
wanted yeah that was pretty funny you
didn't laugh out loud so look it wasn't
that funny have you got no soul woman
and the reason I was thinking about this
was because the other night I met
someone who said I haven't seen Friday
Night Lights yet you were gonna love it
you're gonna love it
again I love it you're gonna love it and
for some reason I said it's such a good
show I want to watch you watching it
which now I think about it was kind of
more like this I start to good though Oh
what we was yeah either way it's pretty
creepy yeah anyway let me know in the
comments below is there a show that when
you hear somebody else is about to start
it gets you excited because you know the
emotional rollercoaster they're about to
get on or do you really enjoy watching
other people watch episodes or hearing
about how they felt when they watch an
emotional part of the show let me know
in the comments does it ever freak you
guys out that I ask all these questions
do you have a question what I do with
the data I would
anyway speaking of freaking out by the
way awesome Segway I had a freaking
awesome time at VidCon thank you guys so
much for having me along this year I had
a blast it was so motivating and so
inspiring seeing so many creators who
I've loved for so long and it was
wonderful to get to meet you guys or see
you it was incredible and thank you also
to the wonderful group of you guys who I
got to meet as well thank you so much
for saying hi and I'm sorry if your
photo isn't in this video but please
send it through the email so I can pop
it in one I'll make a quick video recap
vlog thing about VidCon as well and I'll
share it with you guys later on also
while I've been in town I had the
pleasure of stopping past the Wong foo
productions film set which was so
impressive as they are themselves of
course one day I'm going to cut my hair
off and pretend that I'm dead so I can
be part of your group that's not creepy
and also thank you to the fine brothers
who was so wonderful and had me along
for a filming I apologize that I have no
feelings and that I'm not very emotional
but I look forward to and thank you guys
so much again for having me along you're
very inspiring and impressive and I also
got to film a podcast with rhett and
Link which is so exciting because they
are awesome
also wow you do a lot when you leave
your bedroom for a few days I'll tell
you guys that anyway also thank you to
you guys for your comments in my last
video which was about the tedious task
of having to share food when you're
pouring
I know hard-hitting stuff anyway I've
spoken a lot for the past minute so I'm
gonna go now but I hope you guys are
well and I will see you in a week which
is Wednesday from the asia-pacific
region or choose it everywhere else and
I hope you're well until then bye okay
it's funny music / comment time and yes
I apologize my channel is pretty much
ridden with first world problems one of
which is that very few of you seem to
know what an egg cup holder is which is
positively barbaric and thank you Judy
I put a lot of effort into make sure it
is gallo gana love die speak like a
pirate horrible accent
you
