hi so you know when you're taking your
photo at net yeah what's up do you mind
if we swap spots what sorry I can't hear
you one sec Linda sorry one second
what's up do you mind if we swap places
sorry that's my good side what do you
mean it's probably in my head but I
always feel like I look really good when
I'm photo from this side you know it
just looks better
yeah yeah I could kind of see what
you're talking but it's very flattering
yes you can I grant you my land
thank you sorry okay oh good actually
Natalie Rebecca would you mind swapping
with me as well cuz that's my good side
you have a good side too
yeah I mean I'm probably being paranoid
but I think I look a little bit better
on this side you know like that's
ridiculous okay well yeah that Trump's
Martha yeah you can stand here okay
sorry I mean to be honest I kind of feel
like I don't look very good front on
don't be silly net you look great
okay ready okay one two three oh it's
really cute but you guys reckon oh I
look kind of fat I look great I mean I
get it I think most people probably
perceive that one side of their face
looks better than the other what do you
reckon is my good side I hadn't really
thought about it I kind of feel like
both sides of your face are the same
like I don't think you have a good side
that's rude no you know what I mean okay
show me both I mean I kind of I guess
this side because it has like you know
it's okay but this side has my bong bong
- so yeah no I think that the right side
of your face is the good one
you just gonna eat ice cream for dinner
there's not just ice cream I put
biscuits inside okay well I'm gonna get
something ain't she can't move my good
side what are you doing nothing what are
you doing nothing what are you doing
anything I'm not doing anything I'm just
relaxing I'm eating ice cream just
casually you look really weird yeah but
would right cuz like you've got my good
time I don't think you have a good side
that's rude and as someone who takes
terrible photos if I really wanted to
control how I looked in photos I just do
this excuse me just gonna cut that what
best 80 bucks I ever spent
okay ready one two yeah three oh great
yeah cardboard cutouts not appreciated
enough hey Matt did you want to go to
the gym well um well it's crazy I
actually um I just got back from the gym
I wish I were as motivated as you are
you look amazing
best 70 bucks I ever spent they gave you
$10 off when you second one I know what
you're thinking I thought it to what I
do now with this life-size cutout it's
so not fair I request your friendship
like seven times and then I'm a weirdo
is that for a video no I just made that
I'm only joking it was for a video but
then it became really useful come on
come on come on come on come on ah I
should just buy a Playstation
just owning a controller by itself does
nothing why aren't you dressed yet
I don't really feel like going I kind of
thought you could take her are you sure
I look great you know the thing is
because of this video and my Instagram
video I now have three clips of sexy
women in lingerie dancing in my stock
photo kind of account thing that'll be a
fun account for police to find when I'm
murdered thanks for your comments on my
last video which was about killing
plants many of you accused me of killing
my plant for the video I promise you my
plant
already dead I had several dead plants
to pick from I live in a house of dead
plants sexy fact for you very great
expectations stop making Charles Dickens
quotes it'll never make your channel
viral speaking of my channel not being
viral thank you so much for all your
replies to my RSVP for the barbecue
which I mentioned last video I'm sorry
again that not everyone could come it
really sucks but thank you so much for
for entering the lucky draw if you were
successful you would have received an
email by now and I'll figure out a way
that I can share that day with you guys
as well and here is the low five version
otherwise known as porno music slash
comment time and yeah I make several
mistakes in my videos even in the fine
print and your comment made me laugh and
I don't know why I said vegan barbecue
in a way that insinuated I would be
barbecuing vegans I assure you this will
be the case I'm sorry that that rap made
you guys uncomfortable if it makes you
feel any better someone sat in the car
in the garage and watched me film it
that was hella awkward I'm like please
leave and they're like no like fair
enough serves me right for being a
youtuber
