hi so I have a pretty creepy habit of
googling anybody who my friends talk
about was really nice
what's his name Darren Vivino I'm ready
to go but man do I get super annoyed
when what's all these privacy settings
on Facebook or on I mean was he paranoid
that the sun's gonna google him I love
like a weirdo at the same time because
then the only thing I can do is look at
the one thing on their page that's
public and overanalyze well it says that
he likes tennis
sounds like a snob what how is he a snob
just cuz he likes tennis umm I like
tennis look at me
thank you being a bit crazy sounds a
good douche and it's a rational right I
mean I love tennis but because it's all
I know about him I judge him on it and
then I start to label him the tennis guy
hey now we're Steph tonight she's on a
date with that tennis snob guy I could
just see it now they're probably had a
restaurant he's all we should order
lobster and wine and stuff cuz I play
tennis no fancy huh
what a snob am i right and while it's
totally unfair at least it's better than
what happens when I can't find
somebody's profile yeah but there's
another really nice guy called Adam Adam
who Adam Philly Jake hmm no results he
must be over 60 or something is he old I
have a photo of him on my phone oh yeah
I mean he looks a little bit like
trihard with his baseball huh it's not
like that he's just it's sunny here to
where haha I don't know it just makes me
feel uneasy
you know like Hulka me I have a hat on
I don't know I wouldn't date him looks
like a douche do you guys ever get
creepy and Google or Facebook or
LinkedIn people see I feel really poor
critical because I don't have a Facebook
I just have my community channel
Facebook page that I run but I judge
people really heavily if they don't have
a Facebook page but yet what do you guys
do when your friend starts talking about
someone please say that you also google
them and a big shout-out by the way to
my friends who let me use their photos
thank you so much you guys are awesome
Adam as well is a fantastic photographer
if you have an Instagram please check
him out I'm sure you'll love a lot of
his photographs and speaking of
photographs awesome Segway thank you
guys so much for sending in these photos
it was lovely to meet you I am so sorry
I was really sick last week which is why
I didn't have a video up and I was
trying to warn you when I told you not
to come in but you came in for hugs
anyway and I feel awful I hope you guys
didn't get sick because I'm sorry that's
why didn't have a video up last week I'm
sorry I'm a day late with this one I
made a crazy video yesterday and um I
still I don't know if you can hear it
but I have a lot of mucus still
happening up in here the very attraction
but yes no I will have a new video up
next week but until then let me know
what creepy online stalking you get up
to I will see you guys in a week which
is Wednesday for you in the Asia Pacific
region or choose everywhere else I'll
see you then bye what did you do last
night at 4 a.m. Natalie I dressed up and
had a dinner with myself and made a
youtube video have fun with Ruth tonight
I'm going on a date with Darrin oh the
tennis snob he's not over 60 why would
you say that's only spies and people
over 60 don't have facebook everything
with me I play baseball I was like a
douche
you
