hi so this is just a quick video for my
mom for Mother's Day about how much I
love hearing you say net ring jumper
it's summer outside ring jumper and
there's pretty much nothing that I can
say that will stop you from saying yeah
bring jumper I'm wearing a jumper bring
more jumper are you serious are you
wearing see lip I'm wearing a singlet
let me see oh because even now when I'm
not at home anymore
if I'm telling you a story about how I'm
about to go out you say bring jumper and
if the stories in the past you say dip
your Bruns jumper and I know you think I
throw away the jumpers that you give me
but I don't I keep them so this is for
you mum to prove that I wear the jumpers
even the ugly ones
well I'm safe you ladies around
y'all gonna feel this move to win that's
right
JC know I can't get enough for them sex
is a stressful now with him I chase
Tameka party another party
I guess you know I can't get enough hi
I'm talking about them sexes we're nice
outfit so happy Mother's Day mom I am on
my way to you right now to pick you up
for lunch and you better be wearing a
jumper and thank you for being such an
amazing mum not just an amazing mom but
an awesome person a very selfless caring
intelligent smart funny and creative
person I love you very much
skinny seductive eyes and red lips yes
the eyes coming licking my lips pretty
ladies you know you got it all wrong
