hi so I went to a music concert the
other day and the crowd was doing thing
with a cheer and scream when the music
comes onstage
hey y'all doing tonight they've got me
thinking how great would it be if normal
people got cheered when they went to
work and then you get to do the thing
rockstars do with a finish work and then
people beg them to come out for one more
song okay you guys how cool would it be
if people begged you to stay at work
well it's 5:30 so I should probably head
off now but you guys were awesome today
so much awesome all right guys
a couple more you mouth cuz now I think
about it there are definitely moments in
life where I feel I deserve rock star
treatment
like when I park my car into tight
spaces yeah like a bus when people throw
me things and I catch it like or even
when I find a Wi-Fi connection that
isn't locked I guess to be fair though
if I were to get celebrity treatment I
would always be doing the bad things
like going outside and really ugly
clothing eating frozen yogurt T&Z bitch
is eating again and I would love for
people to scream out requests for me
imagine if people requested things that
they loved you doing at work applying to
me bills just an attaboy that thing
where you forget to pack your lunch okay
let me check my bag to my lash forgot to
pack it why do I always forget lunch but
let me know in the comments what kind of
moments in your everyday life do you
think deserves celebrity celebration
moments otherwise what rockstar kind of
things would you like to incorporate
into your working life let me know and
the reason I thought about this as I
mentioned because I went to a music
concert earlier in the week and I got to
meet all these lovely people so thank
you so much for saying hi and for
sending in your photos I also met some
other people during the week thank you
very much for sending in your photos as
well also I'd like to point out this is
one of the few times I've ever been
taller than people in photos I really
appreciate that so thank you very much
also big thank you to slide in
Darlinghurst for letting me film on this
stage I really appreciate your kindness
and also to the Shoes of Prey guys thank
you for letting me film the office
scenes in there and thank you to these
lovely guys from Shoes of Prey for
letting me film with them very kind of
you also you're all rock stars as are
you guys for some of the awesome
comments you left on my previous video
many of which included comments about
the wet shirt scene I would like to
point out you can't talk about a wet
shirt scene being hot when this is the
face attached to it yeah I'll have to do
better on that one also I'm surprised by
how many of you want Harry Potter to be
where you're inserted into in your
dreams
I would only kind of be there so that I
could see Neville turning to this hot
guy out of nowhere and yeah I don't
think this was meant to sound as harsh
as it did but I'll take it as a
compliment anyway I will see you guys in
a week which is Wednesday for your
Pacific Regional cheers everywhere else
and I hope you're well until then bye
