hi so I don't know about you guys but
whenever I get a new device or toy I
always open up the box I throw the
instruction manual aside and I start
using it straight away but eventually
the inevitable happens ah why are you
not working and then I go into this mad
panic trying to find the instruction
manual which got me thinking how shitty
would you be if you were an instruction
manual maybe I put it in the cupboard
well well oh look who comes and then
because I'm so impatient I look up the
section that I need networking page five
and then I skim even though I know it's
probably important I just try and pick
up like three key words and then boom
I'm out of there not wait you have to
read the whole thing shut up manual
manuals are for chumps okay try again
why are you still not working
Oh chumps hang I think that's the thing
right I think I'm just too lazy to read
and it's not like an instruction manual
is a book you're never gonna read it and
go that was a great story so romance I
wonder what happens to the microwave in
the fridge afterwards
see to be fair I usually turn to the
Internet but then I end up on forums
where people post things like um please
read the forum before posting Oh Pikachu
delete delete I think you'll find the
answer in
destruction manual and my favorite one
hi I know it's been seven years since
you posted the question but did you get
an update please somebody help me
I really need to know ah the Internet
full of lazy people who just don't want
to do the research so when it comes down
to situations like this I know I'm
desperate okay so we should really start
by looking at figure 18 figure 18 I
just want keywords just tell me okay
well that's a little bit detrimental to
the learning curve but if you press the
front button twice and then hold down
look it works oh that's awesome there's
a little bit more to it I don't worry
about it you know what maybe I should
read you more often yes yes we should
hang out all this you know what I have a
note section at the back
no one ever fills out the notes section
trying to write in it yeah I don't think
so I just um now I think about it I'm
pretty late to just stuff but hey at
least I keep them they don't like
warranty slips cuz I don't know what I
do with those things warranty but I just
want to help and it's true they just
want to help but I won't let them like
when people offer to help me carry
things hey did you need a hand with that
why because I'm a woman but I'm a woman
too anyway let me know in the comments
do you guys read all your instruction
manuals or you like me naive until the
end see I'd love to know if you are do
you have any household appliances and
you don't know how to use all the
functions of them because you never read
the instruction manual because for me
the ultimate example of this is a
microwave they have so many buttons but
all anyone ever uses is the start and
stop button even though a lot of the
buttons have pictures on them that are
pretty self-explanatory I'm not really
sure maybe what this whole video means
and maybe what I'm trying to say is I
need my mother to move back in with me
so that she can read the manuals and she
can tell me how to use everything you
hear that mom
come and make me food yeah so I had ice
cream for breakfast this morning mom
and you'd think after the first week
would be awesome and it is but after the
second week it's still great but then
after the third you know not so great
anyway let me know in the comments guys
how do you guys deal with this and don't
forget to subscribe for a new video next
week which is Wednesday if you're in the
Asia
reiden or tuesday everywhere else and i
hope you guys are well until then bye
okay it's put in music / comment time
and Sophie and dawn you know what that
reminds me of the times when I bump into
subscribers and their friends go who is
this and they go oh she's nobody and
then my heart breaks and yeah Liam a lot
of people pointed this out what's even
more upsetting as I left that paper
outside and then people came over and
they saw it no explanation for that one
and it actually ended with what a lot of
film critics have called the most
beautiful dance sequence in cinema
history
