hi so you know I love when people buy me
expensive birthday cards a birthday card
with moving parts that's money I won't
forget this but more than that I love
the strange habit of keeping clothes
that don't fit me for years it's too big
and I can't ever wear these shoes
they're way too small they're like a
five and a half I don't know why I
bought them why are you keeping things
that don't fit what one tip leads toward
church and the thing is I don't know
it's not like one day this is going to
happen but plenty of space
just keep reversing plenty of space yep
just keep going just are my foots so
damaged is a lot more severe than we
thought we're going to have to cut off
some of your foot what are you can you
cut it to a five and a half awesome but
what about the other foot yep now keep
it coming man full speed full speed yeah
no it was totally worth that they are
super cute shoes but really why do
people have such a hard time parting
with things that don't fit because I
find myself looking at clothes that
don't fit and getting sad which is
ridiculous because I give away a lot of
things that I don't need or use anymore
but with clothes I always keep them and
think one day one day the day I all of a
sudden shrink or grow tall or my feet
get smaller or something I don't know
but the thing is I secretly think that
maybe I'm sad because in my head my
deranged head I think if only I could
fit this shirt if I could fit this shirt
then people could see how truly hot I
could be yeah if only you could see me
in this shirt but unfortunately life is
cruel and you will never have the
privilege of seeing such beauty but yet
let me know what is the article of
clothing that you have that doesn't fit
and you know it probably will never fit
but you cannot throw away let me know
and I would also like to know what is
your reason for keeping it because yeah
I don't know what people's obsession
with keeping things that don't fit in
this I go out and buy things even though
I know they don't fit it's not like it's
a surprise I'm like well this doesn't
fit but I'll buy it anyway crazy and
speaking of clothing by the way the
t-shirts I talked about making I got my
first batch of samples and I'm very
excited they're looking good so I just
wanted to keep you updated so you know
that they are happening they're not
lamingtons version 2.0 as somebody very
kindly mentioned also in my last video
about being stuck as the group
photographer I
got to edit in one line which is this
line just send an email it's 2014 and if
you haven't seen my last video that that
sentence probably doesn't make any sense
to you but I didn't include the line
where I talk about how email is
obviously the right answer to this
problem
and as I mentioned on my Twitter I must
be a very funny person because I'm
always having to explain my jokes yeah I
make funny videos online subscribe but
yeah if you do subscribe I'll have a new
video up every week which is Wednesday
from the asia-pacific region and Tuesday
everywhere else I should really find a
new sign off because that one's playing
but as always I hope you guys are well
until then and I'll see you then bye
okay it's funny music / comment time and
Mew cat I have no idea what you're
describing it sounds like a terrible
sci-fi idea though but no yes as I
mentioned I'm always explaining my jokes
which is a terrible indicator of my
videos success and cactus Brandi I am
terribly guilty of never sending people
the photos after an event I just hold
them on my hard drive like a psycho
killer right next to my files that
detail everyone's DNA and addresses and
Jamie no I'm not I just look terrible
these days but thank you for asking
I appreciate I appreciate
