hi so I'm not a very productive person
snores but for some reason whenever I
step into a shower all of a sudden I
become the thinker honestly I go into
some of my deepest thoughts in the
shower what is the meaning of life but
to obtain true happiness one must not
want but strive why it's so good but as
soon as I'm out of the shower
well now that Bolivian Congress is voted
to the defense minister to take over
I want Coco Pops for breakfast which got
me thinking how great would it be if I
could move all of my decision-making and
pondering moments into the shower if I
let work know I might get fired what
should I do
I'll be right back so she that's work
she find if she doesn't so you have to
tell work where have you been or even
better I could move my deep and
meaningful z' into the shower okay
because I honestly think my brain is a
lot more active in the shower
see if Who Wants to Be a Millionaire
offered this is the final question for a
million dollars
I'd like to use a lifeline please which
lifeline would you like to use the
shower lifeline I would go there that
said I remember at one point I thought
my thoughts are so good in the shower I
should leave some wax paper so I can
write some ideas down but then I had a
look and it said something like and that
made me doubt just a little bit the
grandeur of my thoughts by Toto do you
guys have the same sort of thing when
you're in the shower or do you have a
place where you like to go into deep
thought see a friend of mine said that
he likes to go into deep thought when
his pain which is kind of interesting
because the only thing I think when I'm
in that situation is how much more
convenient it would be if a robot did
this for me but then again I think that
a lot during the day well I let worked
oh they fired me straight away I wish
there was a robot to do this for me stop
say that it's so rude I wouldn't say
that to a robot I'm just saying anyway
let me know in the comments where do a
lot of your deep thoughts happen and
while you think about that
wholesome segue I'd like to say thank
you this lovely lady for sitting in her
photo thank you so much for saying hi
thank you for setting your photo it's
lovely to meet you and thank you guys
for the comments you
left on my last video which was about
being forced in the heads or tail
situation yeah I tackle the big issues
but I was surprised by how many of you
use rock scissors paper and yes that's
how I say it rock scissors paper because
of the by order of power to make your
decision and Joe when I talked about
turtle puns I must admit I never thought
anyone was going to mix a turtle pun
with a banging your mum joke but you did
it son you did it so my hat's off to you
and also don't forget to subscribe and I
will see you guys in a week which is
Wednesday if you're in the asia-pacific
region or Tuesday everywhere else I hope
you guys are well until then bye
