hi so I don't cope very well with
pressure I went in hold forever
I'm gonna put them on speaker can you
look after it just gonna get drink what
no what if they pick up fine do I speak
to them hey do I speak to them hello
there how can I help you on and one of
the situations that I find incredibly
stressful is the coin flip
did you guys alright okay we're gonna
toss a coin for it and then it happens
all of a sudden my future depends on
this stupid coin anyway I get it because
the whole thing revolves around the idea
that a coin offers you a 50-50 chance
though I do remember reading one
professor's theory that the face of the
coin you have showing up is more likely
to be the winning face and that's
because it spent more time in the air
how much bigger he actually predicted
probably only about 1% but the problem
is I think people are probably just too
shy to say what they want so the
scenario always goes down like this
heads heads heads heads
please be heads please be heads please
be heads please be hit its tails you
know I feel like maybe I didn't throw up
properly I'm sure dirty air it was an
interference cool alright this is the
one okay heads is chocolate and tails
are strawberry heads heads heads heads
please be heads please be heads please
be heads please be heads it's tails
again best of three personally I just
don't feel very comfortable with the
idea of a coin making my decisions for
me I mean could you imagine if other
people started making life choices based
on coin we the jury find the defendant
well we couldn't really decide so we're
going to flip a coin
tails guilty we sentence him to death
will you marry me
heads for yes tails for no should I have
a shower today I know I'll flip a coin
heads I have a shower tails I don't I
win tails I have had tails every day for
two weeks I don't know I just find it
really stressful it's kinda like when
people do the good-news bad-news thing
to you okay which one do you want first
the good news or the bad news
not none no news that you have to pick
one why because you have to pick good no
bad used to know anything you I'm kind
of introduced to living my life you know
that good news is never really that good
well the good news is we can still
travel together the bad news is they've
sold out of the tour that you wanted to
go on where's the good news we still get
to be together oh won't you understand
woman your friendship means nothing cuz
really who needs friends when you have
your own reflection yeah I did have to
flip a coin to see whether that scene
would make it into this video okay
so heads I put in the mirror scene or
tails I put in the mirror scene cuz I'm
awesome maybe I know but you know who
else is awesome awesome segue this
lovely lady thank you so much for saying
hi for sending the picture in and also
thank you to you guys for leaving your
comments on my last video which was
about what kind of person a cockroach
would be and while I head into Ponto
music slash comment time I would like to
say that I didn't actually own any of
that black latex it was for a video so
don't panic I don't really like wearing
very tight clothes makes me feel like
little clammy hands and children all
over me
that was an inappropriate thing to say
and has terrible imagery arrays next
point Kevin I'm not gonna lie I laughed
a lot at that I also learnt a new pun
this week if you'd like to know I'll
tell you guys about it later but I've
been working at the Great Barrier Reef
and they've been Turtles everywhere so
ready for this
it's totally awesome all right I hope
you guys are well I will see you in a
week which is Wednesday if you're in the
asia-pacific region or Tuesday
everywhere else and also sorry I'm very
excited know people my twitter and
facebook reminders but I'm about to hit
500 million views and I'm so excited
I've told my friends that they can buy
me a cake or something and I said when I
say or something I made another cake
yeah so excited so see you guys then bye
