hi so I like to procrastinate oh god I
have so much work to do I better take a
nap but for some reason if I'm in a
microwave and I'm reheating food for a
few minutes everything and I mean
everything that has to get done I try to
do in those three minutes
it's like all of a sudden I become a
very productive person and I don't like
wasting any minutes of my day even
though I've wasted every single minute
of the day leading up to that point and
I think it's because of the time-warp
that happens when you're microwaving
food I don't know about you guys but
when I stand there and wait for food to
get heated it feels like time is
standing still
I want to long nom in my belly now it's
like how time bends when I'm exercising
a minute how is it any mean a minute my
watch is broken my watch is broken it's
kind of like how time doesn't make sense
when you fall asleep in the afternoon
and you wake up and think you've missed
a whole day oh my god what time is it I
think I slept like 18 hours you've only
been asleep for 20 minutes are you sure
because it feels like I've done
something extraordinary here I don't
know do you guys participate in the
microwave Olympics see I'm gonna make in
this video right now while I wait for
some food to defrost ya know I'm
actually really bad at the microwave I'm
one of those paranoid people who never
really understood defrosting so I think
everything's gonna make me sick
mom how do I know when the meatballs are
cooked I just sent you a photo tell me
for those like it's cooked mom how long
have I been asleep for see the reason I
thought about this video was because
while I was rereading food last night I
decided it was a good time to put up my
Christmas tree look how awesome it is
yeah I didn't get it done in the time
that it took to reheat my food though in
hindsight it probably wasn't the vibe I
should have been going for deck the
halls with when's my food done but yeah
anyway let me know when do you try and
cram chores in and do you get them done
successfully let me know and I will see
you guys in a week which is Wednesday
4:00 in the asia-pacific region or
Tuesday everywhere else and I hope you
guys have a great time till then bye
okay it's funny music / comment time and
jayjay tube I like that excuse I might
use that from now on it's better than
when I say guys if I hope you'll put all
my strength in the world would explode
and sunny slaw no that is not a hickey
as much as I like the idea of someone
sucking the fatty inside part of my
inner arm it's just a heat rash some
people get bikini bodies over summer I
get heat rash and you know what maybe I
will maybe I will
you
