hi so a friend of mine recently became
engaged
congratulations can I see the ring oh my
pressure and then I found myself and
what I like to call the blahblah end of
things so how did he propose oh you know
we were down at the water and he turned
to me and he said blah blah you know
stuff will you marry me come on you have
to tell the story properly I did so you
walked down to the water he turns to you
and he says blah blah you know why is he
keeping him in the stars okay fine
no mustache but he turns to and he says
blah blah you know stuff will you marry
me yeah pretty much
and I find whenever I'm on the blahblah
end of things I actually really want to
know those details so what happens at
the end of the film oh you don't miss
much the boss man is all and shot the
chick and she was like no please you
know whatever he didn't say anything
about the brother oh yeah that's what I
said she was like no please your brother
whatever and the friend and then the
friend comes in at the end and he's like
blah blah blah you're under arrest
pool yeah great that was that was just
like watching it because how else can
someone like me who's high light in a
day can be dancing to the soul my
washing machine plays at the end of a
cycle live life if it's not true yours
because even that I will tell my friends
about in full detail oh and you have to
remember this is like a laundry basket
yeah yeah I gotta be cool and then I
just like flex it you guys know what I
mean right for huge moments like getting
engaged I really want to know all the
little details so what position did you
make low in that night what was it
sensual or passionate what are you
talking about I just need to know what
why I just need to know and I also need
to say a big hi to all these people who
I bumped into in the week hi and thank
you so much for sending in your photos
and thank you for saying hi and a big
happy birthday to my sister whose
birthday it was happy birthday hi I
don't know if you watch my videos maybe
you do hi and if everyone else could let
me know what is the most frustrating
situation you've ever been in where
somebody's put you on the blahblah end
of things let me know in the comments
thank you for sending in your love
conundrums and life conundrums by the
way I'll try and have a new episode up
of that as soon as possible
otherwise we'll be a new community
channel video up on Wednesday for in the
asia-pacific region or Tuesday
everywhere else so make sure you check
that out and I will see you
I've been by okay it's funny music /
common time and thanks guys I thought
the makeup department did a good job on
my man costume as well I think it was
the penis that made all the difference
and jomo it definitely sounds like you
should hook a brother up or a sister you
know and then I could be coming mother
I don't know I don't know where I'm
going with this and why thank you I'm
glad I bring out the woman in you know
no magic yeah you got your music up by
now
