conundrums of love hi so today we're
dealing with the awkwardness of dating
as Jessie asks how did you avoid dating
awkwardness when you first started
dating yeah I did it and personally just
for me it takes ages to get over you
just touched my hand what sex but then
there's all those moments that I hate
like the booth versus chair dilemma
where your date will ask and you're on
the chair of the booth because of course
the booth am i right I mean everybody
wants to sit in the booth the booth is
comfortable there's more padding and
your back to the wall so you're always
safe but for some reason when you're in
a date you act gracious and you say
something like booth I mean I don't mind
whatever you want yeah I have no
solution to this dilemma so we'll move
on to a very common one the awkward
silence where you have run out of
everything
so you're just resorting to something
like that's really cool I didn't know
you could burp the whole out of it yeah
cool yep yep mm-hmm see first I used to
just say whatever came to my mind
I have theis wet at the moment do you
have thigh sweat sorry I'm stuck to the
chair with my sweat but I found that the
best way to get around this is to ask
questions
I guess that show a little bit more
about somebody's personality so instead
of asking what they do for work I might
ask you know where's the next place that
you really want to travel
definitely Japan you've got skiing food
cultures it's a great place what about
you where would you like to go to your
bedroom sorry I'm stuck to the chair
with my sweat being Oh try questions
that would give insight into the person
that you might not find out otherwise so
for example what would you last a meal
on earth be or if you could meet anyone
from history who would it be things like
that they're a little bit nerdy but I
find that they give a nice insight into
somebody's personality or if you don't
like those suggestions you can also try
dance magic tricks or rude hand gestures
then the part that I really find awkward
at a dinner date kind of situation is
the paying of the bill now personally as
a woman I always try to offer to pay or
at least pay my half because I don't
like the idea of expecting somebody else
to pay but then this tends to happen
it's okay little ease give me the bill
no it's okay yeah my bill is you just
because you pay for it what hey
so stubborn and insistent on paying the
bill that once this happened to me no no
you didn't have to pay for the bill well
it's done now well I'm not cool with
that so I'm going to give you this and
you're gonna have to deal with it I'm
not going to take that fine fine what
are you gonna have to take that
eventually and then I just walked around
the rest of our day with $50 in my whip
my wrists under my watch like a stripper
a stripper who wears watches I don't
know I did that the whole day and then
the money fell out somewhere somewhere
in the city so that was not a good you
that was a waste of his money really
that was terrible that was a bad idea
but what I would suggest is you know
when it comes to paying the bill I would
suggest always offer to pay at least pay
your half if not pay for dessert or
coffee somewhere else or make sure that
you return the favor next time you do a
meal but while we're talking about
having coffee I thought I might address
Jonathan who asks how to progress past
the coffee stage well Jonathan if you
want to get past having a coffee with
somebody I would suggest not having one
coffee not having two coffees not three
but four coffees that way your date is
already four times longer and if she
says something like why are you ordering
so much coffee well you can say I have
to drink a lot because I'm hungry and
you won't have dinner with me and bam
you just got invited to a dinner date
what yeah no I would personally just ask
her out if I were you or just tell the
girls you're interested and ask them if
they want to go on a date if they say no
then be kind of grateful you didn't have
to waste any more time taking people to
coffee
I think life's too short to waste time
on people who aren't interested I think
it's a blessing in disguise if somebody
says no isn't that right Alan yeah
you'll regret
anyway my final submission comes from
Stellina who has asked for some more
advice that my mother would have given
me
well Stellina if you had had my mother
in your life she would have said some
words of wisdom like this net touch
equals sec movie it
one sec talk equals sec look equals set
nap
well jumper more jumper and that's why
I'm so mentally stable anyway thank you
so much for your questions and
submissions I'm sorry if I wasn't able
to get back about it this video but if
you leave it in this one hopefully able
to get back to you in the next episode
of love conundrums my next video will be
a normal community channel video and
will be up on Wednesday for in the
asia-pacific region
or Tuesday everywhere else a big thank
you to David who let me film at his cafe
which is yammer in the qbb if you're
ever there please check it out and buy
one of the pistachio biscuits because
they're always my favorite I always stop
by and get them so thank you for that
and I will see you guys next week bye
okay it spawning music / comment time
and real corn up it's one that I faced
daily and all that I've come up with so
far is the temporary solution that if
there's no cake around just look at
photos of cake on the internet and touch
yourself and this is a frakking awesome
pick-up line plus um do I sense do I
sense that you two should date yes do it
and yeah it's quite possible it's highly
likely
