hi so I'm pretty considerate there's a
one biscuit left but yes Noel's yellows
and as such I often find myself in the
door holes dilemma the door whole
dilemma happens when you're the first
person to walk through a door and you
turn around you see a second person and
because it's rude to be all so you later
you hold the door open but then you
realize that you underestimated how far
away this person was and you're stuck
there holding the door open for eternity
don't worry about this arm yeah don't
worry you serious
thank you thank you for taking you in
time but when you find yourself in this
situation you can't close the door on
them because then you become a scoundrel
a scoundrel and then if they ever see
you again hey that's that girl that
closed the door on me what is scary and
while it is very unlikely because we are
on a deserted island does anyone have a
reason why this man and this lady should
not be married speak now forever hold
your peace hey oh my god I object
she closed the door on me five years ago
in my faith is this true
she was really far away from the door
how could I marry someone like a memory
scandal and it's because of this that I
remain holding the door open but then I
look like a creep oh because let's face
it if you hold the door open for a
little bit you're a polite person but if
you hold it for too long well then you
become a creep a desperado who's holding
the door open for a ridiculous amount of
time could be fair it probably doesn't
help that I whisper stuff like ah
it's such a fine line with tiny isn't it
it's like if you laugh for a little bit
you're polite but if you laugh for a
little bit too long you're crazy oh yeah
that one's gonna live on the internet
anyway let me know at you a the kind of
person who expects on you to hold a door
up and if they see you or be do you
understand if they close it let me know
I would like to know because I'm always
the loser who holds the door I've been
forever I really love it as well when
I'm holding the door for a really long
time and they're not even going through
the door just stretch my arm yeah there
we go
yeah yeah let me know hope you guys are
well and I will see you guys in a week
bye oh oh how about her okay it's funny
music / comment time and I just want to
warn you because my last video was about
spoilers that this comment section is
about to have some - so the lovely part
that is fantastic when I was in France I
saw a copy of the movie
friends with benefits and the title had
been translated to sex friends and you
know else shizzle I'm sorry you're right
I usually do hide secret strange
messages for my internet friends of text
I'll do that next time and you know a
lot of people have a problem with my
fridge door but I actually had one that
opened the other way for a while I kept
leaving a mark on the wall and that's
the most boring store you over here
today and I don't know what you mean by
this make text to my videos do you mean
like this is this turning you on what
about this yeah that's hot baby I know
