hi so I'm really ticklish no no I'm so
ticklish stuff it's dumping site a class
that's not good when you do it to
yourself and whenever I meet somebody
who isn't ticklish two things happen one
i act like they just don't know they're
ticklish you're not ticklish at all what
about here
tickle wiggle wiggle we could wake up
again no we're ready here nope what
about here
nope did stop touching me like I'm gonna
be the person you find their long-lost
tickler spot but now I think about it
when do you find your ticklish spots ooh
banana banana banana oh and then my
second reaction is always sadness I
can't believe you're not ticklish I mean
I imagine it never laughing what no I
love I just don't laugh when I'm being
tickled
imagine a life without laughter no I
laugh I'd unbelievable no you're not
listen unbelievable but now that I think
about it why do we even get ticklish
like what's mother nature's grand plan
how does it help mankind like is it a
torture tactic you're gonna have to tell
me who you take orders from I will never
tell you what if I tickle you okay no is
Jason it was so Jason because whenever I
think about torture tactics I don't
think they'd work on me
all right maybe this might spark your
memory maybe some high level voltage
might uh jog that memory of yours I'm
smaller than an a I'm not gonna fill
this anyway do it
feels like foreplay because really a
people who aren't ticklish even human
when you look in the mirror do you have
a reflection yes of course I have a
route oh my god I don't have a
reflection interesting my friend Drago
ever he doesn't have one either
I preferred if he called me Dracula well
I'm gonna call you Drago Dracula is a
really long name well my full name is
Dracula I just feel it's a bit rude to
be calling somebody that when you don't
know them very well well I'm hardly the
same as Drago Dracula it's a really long
name very rude and the awful and ironic
thing about being tickled is that I hate
it but I look like I'm having fun I'm
gonna show you some outtakes cuz I had
to use my mum's hand to film this video
I couldn't even handle her just putting
her hand near me Goku so yeah let me
know are you ticklish it if you're
ticklish do you enjoy being tickled or
if you're not ticklish let me know do
you have feelings or a soul that's a bit
mean I should stop picking on people who
aren't ticklish I know I know you're
human too
like left-handed people a human whatever
see you guys in a week bye okay it's
funny music / comment time and I'm
surprised at how many of you share the
same birthday as Hitler but then again I
guess I'm not but a mirror harira I do
congratulate you and finding that fact
out because I know you were researching
Minecraft I know that you could not
Google that and I'm ashamed to say
I really love this joke thank you for
passing it on one of my other favorite
jokes came from a comment it was what a
sushi a say the sushi B what's ur B gets
me every time
