hey everybody I'm Andrew Clavin and this
is episode two of another Kingdom be
sure to head over to daily wire.com and
become a subscriber to get early access
to our episodes ad-free in episode 1
austin was searching for his sister
Riley when a Roscoe's thug billiard ball
found him in his motel room after a
vicious fight
Austin killed the killer but then the
cops showed up and as Austin tried to
escape he was whisked back to another
Kingdom there we traveled to the land of
edge a month where he entered a village
where there were no women only bizarre
sexless men he called the eunich zombies
after eating in their tavern he realized
he'd been poisoned he collapsed
unconscious and now episode 2 of another
Kingdom performed by Michael Knowles
what followed was dreadful
I couldn't move but I was wide awake I
could see everything but I saw it
through a distorting druggy haze that
gave it all a confused unreal quality
I watched powerless as they came for me
a room filled with a low muttering chant
all the villagers in the tavern all the
eunuch zombies were chanting together in
some language I could not understand the
sound had a deep heavy ritualistic
quality to it like some ancient prayer
the first thought that came into my mind
was that the villagers were making ready
for a sacrifice the second thought that
came into my mind the realization of who
exactly the sacrifice was going to be
filled me with such raging terror that I
wanted to scream at my body to move to
run but I couldn't scream I couldn't run
I just lay there crumpled on the tavern
floor like a marionette with cut strings
shuffling with slow ceremony the
villagers gathered around me
the mayor stood at my feet he lifted his
hands in the air as if in supplication
to some unseen being earth is earth and
water is water he intoned we are flesh
and you are power every son will be your
daughter every death will be your hour
these were the only words I understood
the rest was gibberish my eye is the
only part of me I could control it all
darted wildly from one villager to
another in my up spiraling panic through
the wavery fog that filled my mind their
faces seemed to morph and liquefy at one
moment they all had the same bland
doll-like castrati features but in the
next the air seemed to ripple over them
melting their flesh until they appeared
like cadaverous monstrosities risen
half-rotten from their graves
then they solidified into villagers
again and so on back and forth as the
mayor led them in their incomprehensible
chant four of them squatted down next to
me two on each side in my brain my
speechless brain
I was grunting with horror at their
shifting changing faces I was urging my
body to ride away from them but I could
not move
the four eunuch Sambas lifted me into
the air the others gathered around them
chanting the mayor turned his back and
with his hands still lifted led the
parade to the tavern door which two of
the other zombies held open earth is
earth and water is water he said again
chanting they carried me out of the
tavern full night had fallen a gibbous
moon was rising to one side of the chalk
hills the moonlight was very bright it
washed the sky starless my panicky gaze
turning everywhere I saw that the
village like the villagers themselves
seemed to shift and change behind the
wavering curtain of the atmosphere at
first the houses and shops and
outbuildings all remained the same but
then the air shifted and their facades
melted away to reveal the ruin and the
death beneath the buildings were charred
and broken the fields in the moonlit
night were white with rot the crops were
crawling with devouring insects insects
so large they were visible even at a
distance and my stallion where was my
black stallion gone from the hitching
rail outside the tavern my thoughts were
so scrambled and hysterical in my
powerless body I imagined for a moment
they had killed the Beast and butchered
him served him to me in the pie but that
was impossible wasn't it the procession
moved away from the tavern down the
street toward the edge of the town the
mayor led the March the four men carried
me like a corpse to burial the rest of
the eunuch zombies swarmed around us
chanting in those dreadful deep toneless
voices we passed through the stubble
fields the moon glow lit the swarms of
gigantic mantises so I could see them
crunching at the rotted gleanings with
their enormous mandibles and nearly
human eyes I was carried along in the
maddeningly slow procession for what
seemed like forever we were outside the
town now beyond the fields approaching
the chalky hills that looked almost
white in the light of the low-hanging
moon at the foot of those hills I saw an
opening in the earth a wide crevasse or
sinkhole some greenish steam was rising
out of it
the steam made the slimy vegetation
curling
for the crevasses rim stir and tremble
as if it were animate when the smell of
the steam reached me I gagged the steam
was full of rot and sulfur as if it had
blown up from Hell by way of the grave
the eunuch zombies laid me in the dust
and weeds at the edge of the opening the
rotten steam wrapped itself around me
until I felt I would suffocate in the
stench the mayor looked down at me
complacently with his white bright eyes
and v-shaped grin two other men knelt
beside me the two men held a harness
tied to a heavy rope they worked the
harness over my shoulders and under my
arms my heart was beating so hard I
thought it would explode in my chest
with all the villagers still chanting
four of them lifted my limp body again
two men held the rope and braced their
feet in the dust the others lowered me
into the crevasse the hot stinking gas
enveloped me until I could barely see
anything but green steam everywhere they
fed the rope into the hole and I
descended through the miasmic darkness
deeper and deeper into the abyss the
chanting up above grew dim and faded to
silence my arms began to twitch
whatever potion they had given me was
wearing off and my muscles were
beginning to work again and still I went
down after a while I lost all sense of
movement I just seemed to dangle there
in the curling steam finally my toes and
then my feet touched bottom attention of
the Rope slackened and I crumpled up
like a cloth dummy and fell to the stony
earth facedown above the hissing sound
of gas I heard myself groan it was the
first noise I had made since I'd
collapsed in the tavern the Rope came
coiling down out of the upper darkness
and plumped heavily on top of me
my whole body was shivering now I
gritted my teeth and tried to move I did
it I rolled over onto my side god what a
relief it was to feel my body responding
to the call of my brain I craved my neck
to get a look at my surroundings it was
strange
I could see down here this far beneath
the surface it should have been pitch
black but there was a sickly yellowish
glow coming off the surrounding walls at
first the green fog was so thick I
couldn't make out anything except its
twisting Skeens and complications then
though a draft from above swirled over
me and the miasma drifted and cleared oh
what I saw then what horror I was in a
cave filled with corpses beneath the
narrow opening of the crevasse the rock
room opened up around me in a nearly
perfect circle in the unnatural light
coming off the stones I saw the bodies
everywhere they were piled along the
walls and on the floor and close beside
me women dead women all women some of
their bodies incomplete some torn some
rotted two broken skeletons with only a
hank of hair or the remnants of a dress
to show what sex they'd been they were
piled up in haphazard mounds their limbs
were stretched out toward me those that
had faces seemed to be screaming in
agony and fear groaning again I managed
to push off the stone floor and sit up a
little I brought my hands to the harness
around me and slowly worked it over my
head I tossed the thing aside it dropped
down onto the pile of dead women next to
me I lifted my gaze trying to see
whatever I could through the fetid air
I saw the crevasse above me a narrow
slit leading up and up to the nearly
invisible night were the villagers
leaning over the rim up there watching
me I didn't know it was too far to see
to dark I lowered my eyes my gaze passed
over the piles and piles of corpses I
looked at the walls they were smooth and
greasy and gave off that dull yellow
light the stenchy steam was drifting up
through pores and cracks in the floor it
hissed as it rose it caught the light
and glowed there was a small opening in
the wall to my left like a Mousehole for
an enormous Mouse and there was another
much larger opening to my right a broad
archway that led into a rocky corridor
was it an escape route I thought it
might be my eyes return to the dead this
I understood now was where all the
village women had gone the women and the
girl child Rijn - judging by the sizes
of some of the bodies they had been
lowered down here and then then they had
been slaughtered
torn to pieces I could see that some of
their corpses had been partially eaten
so I was right this was a place of
sacrifice but sacrificed to whom to what
what awful creature was down here with
me the very second that question entered
my mind the answer came the earth shook
underneath me I heard a thunderous
pounding from deep within the foggy
corridor to my right one reverberating
thud and then another and then another
after that it was the sound of footsteps
the footsteps of something monstrous and
whatever it was it was slowly coming
toward me another moment another heavy
footstep and I saw the beast through the
yellowish light I saw the shape of it at
least
a hulking crouched and lizardy shadow
black and gigantic against the luminous
mist a noise escaped my throat a choked
and whimpering whine of fear once again
I could hear maude screeching at me in
my mind be a man and I thought screw you
squirrel girl you're not the one about
to be devoured but she this mode of my
imagination had a point my body still
felt helpless and dead a suit of
concrete flesh hanging on the weak
framework of my paralyzed muscles but
one look around me at the heaps of torn
female corpses that their skeletal half
rotten faces frozen and their final
expressions of terror and I knew I had
to do whatever I could to avoid their
fate there weren't a lot of options with
the walls so smooth and slippery
I couldn't climb back up the crevasse I
couldn't go down the corridor where the
Beast was approaching either that meant
there was only one way out through that
narrow little mouse hole on the far wall
I didn't know if I could reach it I
didn't know if I could fit into it if I
did reach it I didn't know if it would
lead anywhere if I did fit into it it
didn't matter I had to go for it
what other choice was there but to sit
and wait for this thing to get me I
tried to stand I couldn't I was too weak
I fell back onto my butt the thunderous
footsteps moved faster down the corridor
the shadow of the beast grew larger and
larger through the mist the cave floor
trembled under me with every
the creature made grunting with exertion
gagging on the stench I began to crawl
for the mouse hold I reached out and
grabbed hold of half a dead woman my
fingers sank into the decomposing
substance of her hip I pulled myself up
over the ruin of her and grabbed some
bones and pushed with my rubbery legs
and tumbled over a face frozen in its
final scream to spill down the far side
of the charnel pile all the while the
cave shook more the footsteps resounding
louder and now now a roar filled the
cramped space a roar that sounded
dreadfully like a chorus of shrieking
women I sobbed with terror at the sound
and pulled and pushed myself another
yard and then another climbing over more
bodies coming closer inch by slow
painful inch to the narrow aperture in
the far wall but I was growing stronger
as I went
the potion was wearing off and enough
adrenaline was pumping through me to
bring even a dead man back to life I
started moving faster the Beast behind
me shrieked again a thousand women
shrieking its footsteps grew even louder
the sound exploding through the little
space of the cave the world around me
was shaking so hard it seemed that it
would shake itself apart but somehow I
made it I was at the mouse hole a
woman's body sat beside it propped
against the wall I could feel her
staring at me which was bizarre because
she had no head I reached out and
grabbed hold of the opening in the stone
I dragged myself toward it the next roar
was so loud I was sure the creature
would be on me any second an instinct I
looked back over my shoulder just then
gigantic the Beast broke through the
mist and came charging out of the
corridor
I saw it lit by the yellow light from
the walls shaded by the miasmic green it
was a thing so dreadful it made my mind
go blank my brain simply couldn't handle
it couldn't take it in I could not let
myself see what I saw or I'd go raving
mad I panicked gibbering wildly my eyes
wide I scrambled and scraped my way into
the Mousehole tearing at the rock walls
with my fingernails I could hear the
beasts footsteps coming after me as I
pulled myself deeper into the past
moving as fast as I could the corridor
was low and small so tight I could
barely draw myself through it but my
fear propelled me on and when straining
I lifted my chin I could see a little
way in front of me there was a wider
opening I could feel a fresher breeze
blowing to me there was a way out
not far a few yards away I thought I can
make it
then the Beast grabbed me it had reached
into the Mousehole behind me I screamed
in terror as its fingers wrapped around
my leg I screamed in pain as its claws
sank into the flesh of my calf I tried
to keep scuttling through the hole to
the exit but the great paw held me in
place then it began to drag me back
through the hole back into the cave from
which I just escaped the one glimpse I'd
had of the thing the one unbearable
sight of it flashed in fragments in my
mind as I clawed at the rocky floor
trying to pull myself away from it it
was no use
the beasts grip was too powerful as
desperately as I fought to go forward I
slid back back and back across the stony
corridor trapped in the creatures
clutches then in one swift moment of
shattering terror and despair I came
flying out of the mouse hole and in the
snap of a finger I was in the motel
again in the motel outside Salinas
dashing through the door into the next
room over with billiard ball dead on the
floor of the room behind me and the
police bursting in out of the parking
lot hot on my trail shouting at the top
of their lungs I could not think I raced
across the motel room up to the front
door billiard balls gun in one hand my
other hand digging in my pocket for my
car keys my wounded leg was burning with
agony my mind was like a jigsaw puzzle
that had been blown apart by a bomb
pieces images thoughts half shaped
mental cries of fear and pain flew every
which way across my brain randomly
flashing into bright focus one mental
picture and then another lit up in my
consciousness the piles of dead women
billiard balls staring through his own
blood the Beast I couldn't hold onto any
of them to anything except my shrieking
sense of urgent danger I could hear the
police shouting to one another in the
room I just left where'd he go this
one's dead
the shooter went through there checked
the bathroom go slow he's armed I
plunged forward through the dark motel
room ignoring the searing ache in my
calf where the monstrous claws had sunk
into me ignoring the images in my mind
of the unimaginably horrible beast that
would be dragging me into its ma the
moment I found myself back in the
nightmare Land of Edmond I ignored
everything everything but the fact that
the police were about to come through
the door of the room behind me half
crazy with panic I were rocketed forward
one second maybe two and I was at the
door to the outside I paused only a
second to throw billiard balls gun onto
the bed behind me the last thing I
wanted was to run out into a crowd of
cops with a gun in my hand then I ripped
the door open and hurled myself out into
the parking lot
sirens were blaring through the cool
autumn night lights were flashing more
police cruisers were bounding over the
ramp of the sidewalk careening into the
lot under the motels neon sign but the
cops themselves the ones who were on
foot had all gone rushing into my motel
room for a moment one moment the path to
my Camaro was clear I could feel the
blood spilling out of my leg dampening
my jeans but I didn't look I didn't
pause I just ran I pressed the button on
my key to pop the Camaro's door lock I
seized the handle yanked the door open
and tumbled inside any second the cops
would come out of my motel room or out
of the room I just escaped from or out
of the cars that were even now
screeching and skidding to a stop in the
parking lot the second after that they
would open fire I jammed the key in the
ignition twisted it until the engine
roared in one coordinated motion I
pulled my legs inside and shut the door
and threw the car into reverse and
jammed my foot down on the gas the car
lurched backwards through a noxious
cloud of burning rubber
I threw the car into drive and shot
forward away from the oncoming cop cars
toward the far edge of the lot over the
engine noise I heard a policeman shout
the Camaro bounded over the curb through
the air into the street it landed with a
John Seng jolt I spun the wheel the car
screamed and turned there was
gunshot one rear window snapped and went
foggy behind the web of cracks
I practically stood on the gas pedal the
Camaro shot down a side road and into
the shadows under the trees the cop cars
came after me sirens screaming I reached
a crossroad I glanced up frantically
into my rearview mirror the police
weren't behind me yet I turned the car
hard trying to get out of sight before
they saw which way I'd gone I hurdle
down a residential street between two
rows of parked cars I reached a corner
turned again in a spitting cloud
anything to keep ahead of the police I
could see now I was in a grid of
residential streets flying past one and
two-story houses one after another on
its little square of lawn the night was
loud with sirens and the air flashed red
around me I turned another corner and
then another trying to keep out of the
laws line of sight then up ahead I saw
the main drag streetlights a gas station
on the corner a glow from other
businesses bars and restaurants I knew
the freeway ramp was near but then what
once I was on the freeway it would only
be a matter of time before the cops
chased me down and surrounded me but as
I came to the corner I glimpsed from the
corner of my eye a small dark house a
garage with the door open no cars inside
no one home
I was almost past the driveway when I
jammed my foot down hard on the brake
and wrenched the wheel over like a
ship's captain fighting high seas I held
my breath as the Camaro's rear ends spun
out behind me dust and smoke flew up
around me the headlights shone into the
empty garage as I jammed the gas pedal
down to the floor again the car left
forward into the driveway over the
driveway into the garage I braked the
tires screamed again I cursed as the car
skidded toward the garages rear wall
then it jolted to a halt just inches
from a crash I cursed again I killed the
lights
I killed the engine I shouldered the
door open and rolled out grimacing in
pain as the wounds in my leg flared up
again
with the sirens screaming louder and the
red lights from the cruisers growing
brighter I rushed in a limping hop to
the garage door I reached up grabbed it
and dragged it shut with a bang
we'll get back to the story in a minute
but first if you'd like to keep watching
these great visuals throughout the whole
episode and get each episode a full week
ahead of everyone else become a daily
wire premium subscriber you'll get a new
chapter every Monday while the rest of
you will have to wait till Friday to
find out what happens on Austin's quest
don't wait till Friday
subscribe now as a premium subscriber
you'll be able to watch live episodes of
the ben shapiro show the michael knowles
show the Matt Walsh show and me on the
Andrew Clavin show read daily wire.com
without ads download our latest ebooks
interact with hosts by writing into the
mailbag it's all ad-free to continue
enjoying these rich visuals and riveting
story you guessed it become a subscriber
over a daily wire now back to the story
exhausted I plunked down onto the garage
floor out of breath i sat there in the
dark staring at nothing I listened to
the sirens howling in the night outside
like hunting hounds what was in my mind
then not much a fog of fear lights
blinking through the fog thoughts images
half-formed cries and wordless terrors
the sirens grew louder I couldn't think
I couldn't move I just sat there staring
at nothing listening they were right
outside the garage door then all at once
the sirens shifted tone they started
fading their wild cries swiftly grew
dimmer the cruisers had sped past the
garage they were heading for the freeway
soon I heard other sirens join them they
all seemed to blend together the whole
world outside the little garage now
sounded like a single enormous wolf
keening for its prey long moments passed
I went on sitting there panting staring
my thoughts in disarray the sight of
that beast in the cave that obscene
glimpse of it it haunted me what would I
do when I open some door somewhere and
found myself once more at the bottom of
the crevasse back in the creatures
clutches yanked helplessly out of the
mouse hole and toward its Fang filled
maw
the sirens continued fading the night
beyond the garage grew quiet I don't
know how much time went by
I don't know how long I would have gone
on sitting there like that if the pain
in my leg hadn't broken through my days
I looked down at myself I saw the blood
it had soaked the bottom quarter of my
left trouser leg and turned the blue
denim the color of rust I leaned forward
reached out and pulled up the cuff of my
pants the sight of my mangled flesh sent
a chill from my crotch to the nape of my
neck that creature in the cave had been
no dream
the wounds left by its giant claws were
far too real in some spots the talons
had merely sliced the skin but in two
places they had gone in deep the black
blood was still burbling out of the
ragged holes like oil from the earth I
dropped back against the wall my heart
felt sour the skills I've learned in
Galliano the tricks of the fighting
spirit the power to feel fear without
allowing fear to overcome me the power
to battle when there was no chance to
win the power to win for no other reason
than that my soul was indomitable all
this seemed to have deserted me
these past hours billiard ball the cops
the eunich zombies in the village the
piles of dead in the cave the monster it
was too much for me I was overwhelmed I
could not think any more I could not
gather even enough energy to figure out
what to do sitting there slumped my back
to the wall my head hanging my hand went
to my chest to the locket their death
erase locket
I felt again that strange warm power
radiating off the metal into my flesh I
closed my eyes I closed my hand around
the glowing gold it happened again that
flashing transport back into my own past
that's where I was all right my
unremembered past for a moment longer
moment this time than before I was in my
home again the home I had grown up in I
could hear that hysterical child crying
screaming upstairs in her bedroom I
recognized that cry it was my sister
it was Riley Riley is a little girl my
parents my professor mother and my
professor father were in the dining room
with my brother they were talking as
they always did with their snooty
lockjaw
tones and their big words and their
complicated ideas all of which as I now
knew were really surger Rosco's ideas
his blueprint for a perfect world but I
did not know that then back then in this
immersive memory I was sitting in an
armchair in the den I was reading a
graphic novel some adventures story
about a knight and an elfish woman in an
enchanted wood I couldn't concentrate
with my sister screaming like that she
was so upset and no one was going to
help her she screamed and screamed and
my mother my father my big brother they
all just went right on talking as if
they didn't hear her as if they didn't
care why didn't anyone care now I was on
my feet in this locket vision I was
having I was on my feet laying the
graphic novel aside I was moving to the
stairs up the stairs moving toward the
sound of my little sister's hysterical
cries why did it always have to be me
why was I the only one who would go to
her the only one who would make the
effort to comfort her I saw me entering
her little bedroom sitting on the edge
of her bed I saw her looking up at me
with her big sad trusting eyes
shimmering with tears I picked up her
favorite book from the bedside table
nobody listens a drawing on the cover of
a little girl running through the
streets shouting a warning I lay down
beside her ready to read until she
calmed down and fell asleep and then
with a sort of mental flash the
connection broke I was back in the dark
garage again sitting on the floor
the locket had gone cold I slipped it
back inside my shirt I ran my fingers up
through my sweaty hair strange I thought
the way the locket took me back to that
specific moment in the way the past was
still there inside my mind even though I
hadn't remembered it before it was kind
of the same as being in galliano like
being in a story about myself that had
somehow begun before I got there a whole
life already lived that only came into
full existence when I experienced it and
I thought wryly
poor little Riley
gone missing her boyfriend Marco run off
in a panic
leaving me his car begging me to find
her she needs you they're trying to kill
us it was all because of her series of
online videos Ouroboros
dark dreams of reality as crazy as they
were with their tales of a world
conquering conspiracy among space aliens
and Templars and God knows who else they
seemed to have contained enough truth to
make a Roscoe want her silenced just as
he wanted me silence now - and so she
and the videos and maybe the manuscript
of another kingdom was gone and she was
in trouble if she was still alive that
is I could imagine her hiding somewhere
afraid weeping as she had been afraid
and weeping that night in her bedroom so
long ago and just as on that night there
was no one to go to her no one but me
nobody listens slowly
grimacing with pain I gathered my legs
beneath me I took hold of the garage
walls and pulled myself to my feet I
rolled the garage door up peeked out at
the suburban street all the cop cars
were gone and all their sirens - the
night was quiet and yet I could almost
hear Riley crying for me i hobbled to
the car I had to find her I took the
long way north you wouldn't believe how
long two lane roads through wooded
nowheres spidery thread-like lanes
through half abandoned towns long
winding climbs up desert mountains dusty
wilderness trails past scraggly trees I
had to get some maps at a gas station to
find a way maps I know right paper maps
that fold up in everything who uses
those anymore I had to stop at three
places before I could even find some but
a GPS could be traced and I needed to
stay invisible because there must have
been a million cops looking for me out
there in the great spaces of the autumn
night it was late almost ten o'clock
when I cruised into Walnut Creek it was
a leafy suburban town not far from where
my parents lived in Berkeley my sister
had a job here if you could call it that
she was a part-time
Triss at the nearby happy town theme
park she played a rag doll at the
souvenir stands there or a farm girl at
the petting zoo or sometimes something
scary at the Halloween horror walk I had
seen a billboard for the horror walk
along my journey a picture of a
frightened woman looking over her
shoulder as she stepped unwitting into
the clutches of a waiting witch the
Witch that would be Riley that was how
she paid her rent and financed her
videos that and borrowing money from our
reluctant parents the town was quiet not
much traffic
everyone endures I guessed getting ready
for bed it made me nervous to be the
only car on the streets surely the
police would have put my license plate
out on their networks by now if I passed
even a single cop car the red lights and
siren would come on and the chase would
start again
I had never visited Riley at home before
I had never seen her apartment but using
my maps I made my way they are on the
back roads I came to a depressing
cul-de-sac near a bunch of office parks
skyscrapers abandoned for the night on
one side of the little road there was a
long wooden building painted some
unnameable shade of brown with dark
brown shingles on the roof on top of it
it seemed a drab and sorrowful place I
was afraid to park afraid to leave my
car on the street lest a passing
policeman spotted and come after me but
driving around behind the apartment
building I found a long macadam lane
that ran past a series of garages with
closed doors and looked as if the doors
would open at the touch of a remote
control button on a guess I reached over
and opened the Camaro's glove
compartment sure enough what do you know
Marko had left me a remote control
buried under some papers not just a
remote control either there was a set of
keys in there as well I drove slowly
down the lane behind the apartment
building I pressed the button on the
remote each time I passed one of the
garage doors on the third try a door
groaned and rolled up and open I drove
into the garage and closed the door
behind me here was a safe place to park
where the police wouldn't see the car
one of Marcos keys let me into the
building stairwell I limped up the
stairs clinging to the cold metal
banister my wounded calf was
robbing every few steps or so I left a
small streak of blood on one of the
carpeted stairs Reilly's apartment was
on the third floor the top floor I
cracked the stairwell door and peeked
out to make sure the hole was empty
it was though I could hear some thumping
music coming through one of the doors at
the hallways end I slipped out of the
well stepped quickly to the second door
on my left
luckily the hallway runner had a dark
floral pattern if I made any more bloody
footprints here they didn't show I
opened the door and hesitated the last
two times I had entered Fantasyland I
had seen it through the doorway before I
made the transition but would that
always be the case if it wasn't if I
went through a door and suddenly passed
back into that other Kingdom
unsuspecting I would have only a single
second before the beast in the cave drew
me to itself and ripped my head off well
all the same if I was going to find
Riley I had to go in I held my breath
stepped across the threshold and shut
the door behind me I felt for the light
switch in the darkness turned on the
lights my breath came out of me in a
long hiss I leaned against the door
still holding the knob behind my back I
looked the place over I recognized the
space from my video calls with Riley but
it had never looked like this
someone had ransacked the apartment
some of Orosco Snuggs no doubt searching
for another Kingdom I didn't know why
the billionaire wanted the book but I
knew he did I knew he was willing to
kill for it the studio was a mess a TV
screen was smashed the bedside radio
likewise the rest of Riley's electronics
phone computer and so on were nowhere to
be seen
the mattress had been pulled half off
the bed it had been slid open handfuls
of the inner foam were lying on the
floor beneath it all Riley's books had
been pulled off the shelves strewn on
her writing desk or on the carpet some
of them were mangled their spines broken
their pages torn or crumpled into balls
her clothes those ripped jeans and
t-shirts and frilly peasant tops that
made her look like she was still a
little girl had been pulled out of the
closet and out of the dresser drawers
some of the blouses had been ripped some
of the dresses cut into pieces the
child-like underwear she wore
her boyish figure had been shredded I
had been afraid before anxious for
Riley's safety before but now my anxiety
flared up wild the scene was so violent
the damage so viciously done it made me
wonder had my little sister escaped
these goons or had they dragged her out
of here and done the same sort of
violence to her I tried to calm myself I
told myself that Riley had sent Marko to
find me so she must have escaped she
must still be alive
she must be taking a deep breath I moved
away from the door I stepped carefully
through the wreckage eyeing the
brutalized clothes and furnishing I was
looking for something I didn't know what
clearly if the pages of another Kingdom
had still been here when a Roscoe's
thugs arrived they would have found them
I guess I was just looking for some clue
hoping Riley had left me some clue to
where she'd gone I tiptoed around among
the ruined closed and the gutted books I
didn't see anything useful not at first
but then I spotted a large volume lying
on its face it's aqua blue bindings
spread-eagle its pages ripped out and
scattered on the floor it was one of
Riley's crazy conspiracy books or aliens
already among us but that wasn't what
caught my eye it was the little triangle
of laminated paper sticking out from
underneath it something seemed familiar
about it I bent down and lifted the blue
book underneath it was another book
small thin an old paperback children's
book with a drawing on the cover a
little girl running through the streets
shouting a warning nobody listens I gaze
down at it that book that same book I
had read to Riley the night she was
crying that night I had forgotten until
I touched Beth array's talisman and it
returned to my memory either this was a
coincidence or there was magic in it I
had to bet on magic I tossed the aqua
blue book aside and picked up the
smaller volume I hoisted the eviscerated
mattress back onto its frame sat down on
the edge of it I thumbed through the
pages of nobody listens in the quiet I
could hear the thumping music from down
the hall coming through the
now that long ago night came back to me
again not like before
not through the magic of the locket but
just through the familiar touch of the
books laminated cover a visceral trigger
to my memory I remembered how Riley's
screaming subsided the moment I appeared
in her bedroom doorway I remembered her
little girl smell as I bent down to kiss
the top of her head her wispy straw
colored hair I'll read to you awhile if
you stop your crying Riley she forced
herself to stop with a pitiable sniffle
what's the matter anyway I asked her did
you have a nightmare
she gave a mournful nod her eyes still
running her lips pulled down in a
childish frown was it because of Uncle
rusty
Uncle rusty yes I remembered now he had
been a friend of my parents the chairman
of the psychology department in which my
father worked he was one of the few
academics who had been kind to us
children or had noticed us at all and he
had recently killed himself poisoned
himself
rusty Winckelmann that was his name my
father had been the one who found uncle
Rusty's body it was an ugly scene
apparently he had described it to my
mother in disgusting detail Riley wasn't
around when he told the story but you
never knew about Riley she had a way of
overhearing things of knowing things she
wasn't supposed to know but she had
shaken her head when I asked her about
it it wasn't that the movie scared me
she said what movie she wouldn't answer
me read me the story Oz that was all she
said sitting there now in the ransacked
room I read the book again it was a
picture book about a little girl named
Suzy who liked to make up stories she
made up so many fantastic tales that no
one would believe her when she came
downstairs one day to tell her mother
there was a dragon under her bed but
there was a dragon there really was
nobody listens one corner of my mouth
lifted it was ironic Riley had grown up
to make her kooky Ouroboros videos her
outlandish stories of aliens and humans
working together to
take over the world nobody had listened
to her because the stories were so
obviously false but maybe they were
false and true at the same time a false
version of the truth like a parable as I
scanned the book I remembered reading it
to her in her bed
I remembered the big blue eyes in her
round face eyes trained not on the
pictures on the pages but on me I guess
it must have comforted her to see me
there because by the time I got to the
end of the book she was asleep
I sighed holding the book open on my lap
I looked up at the mess of her apartment
my heart felt Hollow I loved my sister I
always had she was broken now crazy now
lost
she was so wrapped in her fantastic
conspiracies it made her careless and
selfish she wasted her girlish romantic
fervor on jerks like Marco but I loved
her anyway and I felt for her pitied her
in retrospect for how scared she had
been that night and how no one had come
to comfort her but me no one ever came
to comfort her but me where was my
mother - mother her I thought to myself
angrily my mother that indifferent and
brittle woman all theories and ideas and
words words words and not so much as a
kiss on the forehead to warm a child's
heart by where was she when Reilly
needed her and where was Reilly now I
glanced down at the book still open on
my knees that's when I spotted the
drawing it was made in pencil scribbled
lightly on the upper right-hand corner
of the page I hadn't noticed it before
because it wasn't any recognizable shape
but now that it caught my eye I saw that
it wasn't a mere doodle either it was
carefully made an intricate design I
turned the page there was another design
on the corner there and another design
on the next page I realized then what it
was there was this trick a trick I'd
taught my sister when we were young if
you drew different parts of a scene on
the corner of each page of a pad when
you flipped the pages quickly the full
scene would appear an optical illusion
it was hard to do because it wasn't like
a normal flip book merely imitating
Oshin you had to make it just right and
flip it just right and the observer
would think he was seeing the whole
image at once I pinched the corner of
the books pages between my thumb and
forefinger I flipped through them
quickly it took me two tries before I
could do it fast enough to get the trick
to work then it did work it created the
illusion that I was walking up a path to
a house it was my parents house the
house I grew up in there was no
mistaking the eccentric shape of it I
gaze down at the book thoughtfully
chewing on my tongue head Riley made
this image for her own pleasure was it
just an absent-minded game she'd been
playing or was it a message a message
left specifically for me impossible
right how could she know I'd come here
search the place find the book find the
drawing but then how could Beth erase
locket have reminded me of that night
I'd forgotten and how had the locket
come to me it had been handed to me on
the streets of LA by a woman who looked
exactly like a Linda the exiled queen of
Galliano for a moment my throat
tightened my eyes filled with emotion
Riley was so desperate and I was so
alone but was it possible that here even
here in this world of wickedness and
murder of conspiracy and corruption of
the mad cruel arrogance of controlling
power was it possible that a nobody like
me and my little lost sister were
receiving some secret help from another
Kingdom I would go to my parents house
then that was what Reilly's drawing
meant right go to our house off there
must be something there she wanted me to
find I set the book aside on the
mattress I got up and limped into the
bathroom it was a tiny space littered
with Riley's girl things the RAM sackers
had hurled them all over the floor
I searched amidst the scents and makeup
and hair doodads and found some
antibiotic cream and some gauze I closed
the toilet seat and sat on it rolled up
my pants and went to work on my wounded
leg I washed the wounds clean with a
damp cloth and spread the cream on them
I bound the ugly mess with the gauze I
needed stitches I knew that but this was
going to have to do all the while I was
bandaging myself I was thinking
if Galliano and the 11 lands were a
fantasy or an hallucination or the
symptom of a brain tumor where the hell
did these wounds come from how could
they be so real when I was done I limped
back out into the studio as I crossed
the threshold my eyes roamed around the
room I saw where Riley's desk drawer had
been pulled out and tossed aside the
contents were scattered in an arc amidst
her torn clothing I spotted a key I went
to the place I squatted down the motion
made my calf burn I picked up the key
and twirled it in my fingers it was the
key to Riley's Volkswagon good that was
good
she'd mentioned the car once or twice
but I'd never seen it so I hadn't
noticed if it was parked in the garage
she might have taken it when she escaped
to Roscoe's thugs but if she had been
clever enough to leave the car behind I
could use it
the police would be looking for the
Camaro not a Volks I stood I took one
more look around I could not see
anything else that would serve as a clue
to Reilly's whereabouts well then like
it or not I was off to see my parents
I went to the door pulled it open and
reeled back in shock dismay oh god I
groaned aloud through the door through a
liquid haze of light I saw that other
world the cave and edge amount where the
monster had me by the leg where it was
dragging me towards its jaws and an
unbearably hideous destruction one
second after I stepped across that
threshold I would be meat for the Beast
next time on another Kingdom I couldn't
go through that door not with the dragon
waiting for me I would have to try a
leap to the balcony next door at first
glance the odds I could make such a leap
without breaking my neck did not seem
good at second glance they seemed even
worse but I had to try I had to try fast
too
my fingers were slipping off the ledge
grunting I bent my knees and pressed my
sneaker toes against the smooth wall of
the building trying to engineer whatever
leverage I could I left I reached out
for the railing
I missed it completely
this has been another Kingdom by Andrew
Klavan performed by Michael Knowles this
episode directed and produced by
Jonathan hey produced by Mathis Glover
executive producer Jeremy boring
associate producer Austin Stevens edited
by Jim nickel sound design and mix by
Mike
Carmina music composed by Adrian Sealy
hair makeup and wardrobe by Joshua
alvera di T by Scott Key and our
production assistant is Colton Hoss
visual supervisor Jake Jackson lead
illustrator Rebecca Shapiro
illustrations by Anthony Clark
animations by Alvin Tyner and John
dretke another kingdom is a daily wire
for word publishing production for word
publishing 2018
