welcome to the show everybody thanks for
watching thank you for listening hope
you had a wonderful weekend I have to
start off the week unfortunately talking
about a a pretty tragic story it's the
story of Alfie Evans and it's important
it's an important story primarily for
Fort well for two reasons number one
because a little boy's life is at stake
number two secondarily it also gives us
a glimpse into our future we in the
United States we can always look over to
Europe to kind of see where we're headed
and see what it's like looking into a
crystal ball basically and I've always
said that Western culture is is on a
train headed into the abyss and it is
specifically a train not a car or
anything because it's it's Europe is
essentially a few train cars ahead of us
but we're all attached and we're going
in the same direction so just look where
they are and that's what we're gonna be
the only way to avoid it is for us to
detach our train car from theirs and
then go off in a different direction
which obviously is not how it would
actually work with a real train so the
analogy breaks down there but you get
what I'm saying the point is we have not
attached ourselves and so we are going
in the same direction so if you want to
know what our dystopian future looks
like just look at Europe and you can
look there especially with the case of
Alfie Evans who is another sick child
who's been sentenced to death by a UK
death panel first you had the prominent
case of Charlie guard last year and now
we have Alfie Evans and what is becoming
a annual or biannual tradition Alfie
Evans is a baby and he's in a coma due
to a mysterious brain disease that still
has not been diagnosed and nobody knows
exactly what's wrong with him doctors at
alder elder hay Hospital in London have
decided that that Alfie is not going to
get better he's it he's in an
irreversible coma a coma he's not going
to wake up he's effectively dead all
his life is no longer worth living he's
not even really living a life and so the
only path now is to just attach him from
all the machines and let him die his
parents don't agree now here is the
really crucial thing that we all need to
understand Alfie's parents are not
trying to force the doctors at alder hay
hospital to perform a medical procedure
that they don't want to perform they're
not trying to force the hospital to do
anything and that to me is important
because I think a hospital should have a
fair amount of discretion when it comes
to these things and if they really think
that a certain procedure is not the
right path or if they really believe
according to their own medical opinion
that a person is now brain-dead and
they're not going to recover and that's
it and it would be wrong to keep them
alive physically well then they have to
you know they need to have the ability
to act on on their own conscience and
their own medical opinions or to not act
whatever the case may be the pay that
the families of a patient cannot always
be the final authority in every
individual hospital because if that was
the case then you all across the world
you would have tons of people who are
just being kept alive for no other
reason than the family can't let them go
understandably the family's not able to
let them go so the patient is kept alive
not for the patient's sake but for the
sake of a family member who is who just
doesn't want to see their you know child
or their parent or whoever died so you
can't have that so the hospital's need
to be able to draw a line at some point
and say no we're not going to do that
but
Alfie's parents they're not trying to
push the hospital over that line all
they're saying is okay you don't want to
do it you don't want to keep him on the
machines fine give him back to us
let us reclaim custody of our own child
he's out of your hands so you don't have
to worry about it give him back to us
and we'll transfer him to a hospital
that thinks it can treat him and as it
happens there's a hospital hospital in
Rome that has already said you know
they've already welcomed the child and
they believe that perhaps they can treat
him it was the same thing with Charlie
guard where Charlie guards parents they
had everything set up they had the money
that I had they had it all set up they
could put charlie guard on a plane and
send him over to the US where there was
a doctor willing to perform some
experimental treatment on him but the
hospital in that case said no you can't
have your own child back and the same
thing is happening again with Alfie
Evans now it may well be true that Alfie
Evans is never gonna recover it may be
true that he's now effectively dead and
nothing's gonna bring him back but um
but first of all I I don't see how the
hospital can argue that on one hand he's
brain-dead and on the other hand he's
suffering and it seems like they're
arguing both things that he's suffering
and it's not fair we got to essentially
put him out of his misery but also he's
brain-dead
well if he's brain-dead then he's
probably not suffering so it seems like
he got to choose one of the other but
whatever the case there's nothing to
lose by transferring the child to a
hospital that's willing to treat him I
mean I don't know I you've got the
hospital in London saying one thing
you've got the parents saying another
you've got this hospital in Rome saying
yeah maybe we can treat them so there
are a bunch of different medical
opinions I have no idea who's correct
and who isn't all I know is that it's
very common for a patient to seek a
second opinion
and if you were told by a doctor oh
you're gonna die there's nothing we
could do for you well then you certainly
would want to go to it you'd want to go
to at least one other Hospital and talk
to one other doctor let them see you
being there care before resigning
yourself to that and if it was your
child in this position in a hospital and
the hospital is saying we got to pull
the plug there's nothing we can do
obviously you'd want to bring him to at
least one other Hospital before giving
up and as a parent you should have that
right should you not have the right to
take back your own child and seek
alternative care for him should you not
have the right to exhaust every possible
Avenue before giving up should you not
have the right to take back your own
child from this hospital well not in the
UK over there children are the property
of the state and of the medical
establishment apparently and the state
has final say over life and death it's
interesting because the death penalty
has long since been abolished all across
Europe but the government can still
impose essentially a death penalty on
the young and the sick it's only
convicted murderers who are free from
those kinds of inhumanities but sick
babies are not so fortunate in fact the
logical the logical conflict is even
worse because you have to consider that
abortion is also legal all across Europe
and in most of the countries although
there are different restrictions and
laws that apply in depending on which
country you're in but the fact remains a
child out of the womb in Europe is
treated as though he is not under the
jurisdiction of his parents and his
rights that is the right to die exist
independent of the parents wishes but a
child in the womb
is entirely the property of the mother
and is not even recognized as another
human and has no rights whatsoever apart
from her although I guess he still has
the right to die that's the only right
that he has which as you noticed the
right to die is very big in Europe they
are always encouraging everyone to
explore this rights and they're always
fighting to protect it and this is why
Europe is dying because there's such big
fans of death but all that aside I just
think we need to be exceedingly clear
about what actually is at issue when it
comes to Alfie Evans or any similar case
no matter how anyone tries to frame this
the dispute is not over any medical
controversy it's not really about
medicine at all because as I said it
doesn't really matter whether you think
Alfie can recover or not that's not the
point
the dispute is really over two simple
questions number one is life sacred and
number two to whom does a child belong
now if a society believes that life is
sacred then there would be a general
understanding that everything within
reason should be done to preserve it but
if life is treated it in this kind of
utilitarian materialist way where it's
only useful or desirable up to a point
then it makes sense to just do away with
Alfie Evans and those like him but
really this is about number two this is
about who has authority over a child the
correct way of thinking about it is this
God is the first supreme authority
and God delegates responsibility and
authority to us he delegates
responsibility for a child first and
primarily to the parent and and that is
a that that's an essential point but not
just with this issue but also with
abortion because this is one of the
major reasons why abortion is such a
horrendous evil the first reason is that
you're taking an innocent life but the
second reason is the second reason is
not that while you're infringing on the
child's right to life
I think the second reason that's also a
reason but I think the second reason is
that it's the parent that abortion is
what happens when the parent rejects
this responsibility that has been handed
to them by God
and the parent has no right to do that
now they they may have the legal right
but they have no moral right whatsoever
and that's why I've long said that when
we talk you know maybe we talk about
rights a little bit too much especially
because the concept of human rights has
become so convoluted and confused and
nobody even knows what a human right is
anymore certainly most people don't and
you can't look to the courts either in
Europe or in or in the United States to
find out if you look to them you'll be
more confused than you were to begin
with most people you know they'll go
around all day saying oh I have a right
to this I have a right to that they'll
talk about their rights all day long
but if you were to ask them what is a
right and where does it come from and
what does it mean exactly they wouldn't
be able to even begin to tell you but
the reality is that rights come to us
from God but every right that God gives
us is number one it is not a final it's
not it's not it's not is some sort of
like supreme cosmic right because we
have no rights whatsoever over God he
really is the one who has all the rights
in the universe and so in a certain
sense we have none at least we have none
against him but he does in a sense give
us rights but attached to those rights
are responsibilities every right that we
are given comes attached to a
responsibility and so their dimensions
of the same thing so it's true that a
child has the right to life it's also
true and it's not said often enough that
because of that right the parent has a
responsibility to that child and it's a
responsibility that you cannot decline
legally you can physically you can but
you're going to answer for it
um so anyway god delegates authority
delegates authority for a child to the
parents primarily and then to the family
more broadly and then to the state so if
the parents just completely fail to hold
up their end of the bargain and they
abandon their duty and they're abusive
to the child or they're you know a
threat to the child's well-being in some
way then the state has to step in and
temporarily the state becomes the
primary primary authority over the child
the state takes the child into its own
custody but that isn't the case here or
at least it shouldn't be the parents
obviously love their child and are
simply trying to preserve his life they
have not shirked their responsibility
they are trying to carry it out they're
being prevented from carrying out their
duty to the child by the state which has
put itself as the supreme authority over
all children and over everyone else
above the parents above God and this I
think reveals not only the problem with
socialized medicine although it does
reveal that as well but it also reveals
the problem in general with secular
godless government because if the
government does not recognize any divine
authority then it becomes the divine
authority if it does not wreck it if it
doesn't bow before any authority above
itself then it becomes the supreme
authority in the universe and so we
worry so much about you know theocracy
we worry that if a government recognizes
God in any way whatsoever then we're
gonna have a theocracy and of course if
that's true then the United States from
the beginning has had a theocracy
because references to God and the
Creator and divinely endowed rights and
all of that that's just dripping all
over our founding documents but what we
see is that the real theocracy and the
most dangerous kind of theocracy is the
one that results
um from a government that does not
recognize God because then it puts
itself in God's place and it becomes the
God and it invents its own religion and
then enforces those rules and we see I
mean the entire 20th century we've got
tens and tens and tens of millions
hundreds of millions of dead people who
can testify or if they were still alive
at least could testify to the the the
great harm that is done the great danger
of these godless governments who and say
essentially become theocratic
governments because they that because
they are God and so they get to decree
and they've decreed in this case that
Alfie Evans life isn't worth living and
that the parents you know no longer have
any authority over their child and they
have decreed that that is their sort of
religious decree not based in anything
other than their own authority which
they have granted themselves
so we should pray for Alfie Evans
and we should also pray for our own
country that we somehow can avoid
walking down this same path although we
are already walking it alright I'll
leave it there thanks for watching
everybody talk to you tomorrow
you
