I am joined today for the full show by
vicious bigoted awful monster Owen
Benjamin a man so terrible that he
suggested that we shouldn't shoot little
toddlers full of hormones and try to
change their biological gender we will
talk about that and more I'm Michael
Knowles and this is the Michael Noel's
show
here you are Owen that poor big and
bigoted I feel like a little child
sitting next to you I feel like a little
tiny baby don't make you feel safe you
may be this is my this is my safe space
I love we're now here I didn't really
cuz I watch your videos all the time I
didn't realize that you were a giant man
I'm a giant person you were a giant
person yeah food here north of the wall
from ah
Game of Thrones dude I'm a wildling I
breastfed too long is that is that why
everyone is so afraid of you is that why
the lefties are so if where they have to
censor you get you off of Twitter and
destroy your cool because I got no
because I got to I got to prove by too
many of them so now they feel weird
about it you you know I actually had
forgotten this for anybody who doesn't
know you made this outrageous point
where you suggested we shouldn't shoot
up little toddlers full of hormones to
change their biological sex right and
and so naturally for that you lost gigs
and your age in your manager exactly
right and that makes sense and it was it
was it was literally from that
exclusively like I've been with the same
manager an agent for 12 years but uh
it's all good it's it's it's been a
blessing in disguise to be honest with
you because it allowed me to not have to
be shamed into being a worse person mmm
because I feel like the left kind of
does that where it's almost like to
follow it to like get social approval
you have to pretend to be like a worse
human being right on set you had on in
theaters you have to toe the line you've
got before all this happened before you
kind of blew up on the internet if
you're having the temerity to say that
you've been in movies you've been in TV
shows you've been in serious Hollywood
yeah what is there any path to success
for a conservative in Hollywood other
than keeping your mouth shut or do you
have to break free and become this
internet sensation like you it at one
point you could for but I think now the
government is expanded to a point where
it's a joke like now the NFL has been
politicized and it's it's like there's a
great quote I don't know who said it but
you can you can avoid you can ignore
politics but politics won't ignore you
and that's what happened to me like I'm
not even this I never wanted to be this
like edgy comic I just had to fight
these battles I just want to talk about
how men and women are different which
now is of course hate speech right
this is the big issue I'll see it I'll
go to college campuses I'll say what's
the big issue for you is it abortion or
gay marriage blah blah blah I would know
it is this trans moment this transgender
thing which affects approximately seven
people on planet Earth and that men and
women are different why is that the
issue
I think trans fats are a bigger issue
what what happens is people people set
in motion these crazy ideas and if they
don't commit to it it all falls apart
and the trans thing is one of those
things that's happening and and I know a
few transsexuals and most of our
libertarians write like that most of
them are that don't try to meet people
where it's like I said I'm gonna do some
weird stuff to my own body just don't
say anything and let's just keep going
with our line move on right yeah like
the LGBT thing it's it's based on no
discrimination which is a terrifying
precedent mmm like I discriminate I only
sleep with my wife
that's called discrimination I don't eat
batteries I eat bananas that's
discriminating against batteries so it
starts off it's just that the letters
keep getting crazier to the point where
now they're trying to normalize
pedophilia and the elves are bitches
knitted sweaters and drove Subarus and
forgot about this whole thing that that
is so true it's so joy you just made but
especially the discrimination like it
words discriminate right when I when I
say one thing when I have an opinion
I'm discriminating against other things
exactly that now and and the Left
discriminates all the time and they
literally discriminate they kick us off
Twitter they kick us off YouTube I'm
banned permanently from Twitter you're
yeah yeah you're you're actually off of
Twitter forever
apparently I'm worse than Isis and
Farrakhan that's right yes man yeah
that's why it's almost like it's a
compliment when the left is like you're
bad it's almost like that it's an
inverse to say oh I'm good it's that
point where they it's this lie that
they've constructed yeah you know this
whole thing that like little toddlers
can choose their sex and we should shoot
them full of hormones because you can
magically go from one to the other and
they I think they know it's a lie they
know it's a lot so they're just like you
can't don't you we all have to we all
agree right you know I said
that they're so aware that this thing is
about to crack yes because they can't go
back because then everything falls apart
and their whole cultures based on social
approval hmm you know I think a lot of
conservatives and people more on the
right I like to follow that I might be
wrong but I'm not lying and this is what
I see in more conservatives and
libertarians in the world is if you give
them information that disproves their
point they get excited they're like
thank you I almost want to battle with a
dull sword yeah right you know for a
leftist if you give them information
like any anything from Thomas Sol's
books if you look at the black family
before and after the welfare state
they just say your bath got decimated oh
yeah and it's if there's so many issues
like that like look at London now is a
higher murder rate the New York City and
they're trying to ban knives it's a joke
it's about time it is I know it's time I
feel our guns to Hitler we have to play
a little clip of this this is one of the
great videos on YouTube it's time to
give our guns yes I'm bear blows cuz
they they did a lot of these videos it's
not just me rights these 2016 brought
the election of Donald J Trump atheist
spinster JK Rowling prayed the life
could be like a computer and we could
restart 2016 sad little person and actor
Ben Stiller compared him to a James Bond
villain schizophrenic warlock Ashley
Judd compared him to Adolf Hitler and
millions of people living at home in
their late 20s took to the streets never
before had a nation reacted so viciously
against an elected president even
moustached charlatan Vincent a fox
compared him to Adolf Hitler mostly
false CNN reported story after story
about our
Hitlerian government confirmed sexual
preditor louis c.k finished masturbating
in front of a stranger and then
confirmed to Daily News the trunk is in
fact Adolf Hitler insatiable sodomite
heir to the Vanderbilt fortune
impossible CIA operative news reporter
Anderson Cooper reported how truly
lonely and angry the White House has
become rape apologist an alleged
murderer Hillary Clinton begged us to
think of our children and submit our
constitutional rights we've had them
long enough it's time we give our guns
to Hitler
it's time it's time to give our guns to
him it's time it's the cognitive
dissonance that bothers me what does it
doesn't when you do that though when you
say this is the logic Donald Trump is
literally Hitler therefore we need to
surrender all of our weapons to him any
rational person can see that doesn't
make any sense right and yet
nevertheless she persisted they keep
going on and insisting how is that
they're insane and here's the thing is
that you sit like a lot of my friends
think that you're gonna teach them with
logic where it's like but don't you see
now that if if you think Twitter's a
private company it can discriminate
because it's private yeah what about the
gay cakes you know and they're like well
no that's different you're like oh you
just like it's almost like if you're
playing basketball and someone pulls out
a gun it's like that's not part of the
rules or like rules or oppression and
you're like oh you're just like not a
guy I want to hang with if they did not
have double standards they would have no
standards at all it is this total
hypocrisy yeah that in your career now
so you lose your you lose your aging you
lose your manager yeah fortunately you
don't have to live in LA you live in I
believe the middle of nowhere it's it's
somewhere to me but go on upstate New
York
yeah the ironic mountains does that are
you happy that that happened
yeah I'm just happy because I'm not I
don't regret because I'm not
manipulating so whatever happens is it's
happening you know like every decision
I've made has been for my family myself
my ethics
and so at this point whatever comes
comes because I wouldn't want to be one
of these people yeah it's almost like
that
Commodus is sister and gladiator like if
you kiss the ring and you're not into it
you're now just in this gold in prison
right and you see so many of these
people like Jimmy Kimmel is hilarious
and you watch him just Peeta from The
Hunger Games
you know he cried when a lion got killed
by a lion hunter it was this is a guy
that used to do hard jokes you know and
I'm like I look at him as a man show
this was a pretty tough comedian and now
is equines
it's all he does and if you're a man men
can cry like after you you kill your
first man the most dangerous game your
enemy you're allowed to have one tear
but I can't roll down too fast gotta
hang there for a little bit yeah that's
right yeah build your first house and
make your own person then you can have
one little tear but not you can't cry
about the free market that's peers they
always have to be kind of wistful you
know that's stoic wist not these like
wow what the lion was killed on the lion
hunter this monster was killed by a
dentist I think that was more about
hating Dennis mm-hmm yeah he's
identified an anti dente he's an anti
gun type and dentists are important
that's true yeah you know they have the
highest suicide rate of any job true
yeah yeah well I guess it sort of makes
sense it's a very it's an unpleasant
profession no one wants to see you no
one wants to see it imagine that like
every time someone sees you they're like
great this guy's about to drill into my
mouth he's like I'm trying to make you
live alone you could cause heart disease
if you don't I don't sad as that but
does another die than have you in my
mouth he's like okay I'm just gonna
stick this in there and then they just
think it's so sad that this brings me
directly to my next point
okay how's that effort Segway yeah
question that's true but I love your
commitment I have this thought that
conservatives are the only people having
fun right now
100% they're the only people having fun
in the left is they can't laugh at
anything I
that's why Jimmy Kimmel has to cry every
night I think they actually cannot laugh
well that's the devil's deal you know
you get you get the Corvette you don't
get guests in it that's always how it is
and that's real that's as real as
anything like you will get the fame and
the money if you uh you know take that
devil's deal and take Annie but you will
not be able to enjoy it it becomes dust
and that's real you watching these
people and classical liberals can still
have a good time but leftist right they
can't feel joy all they can feel is just
the soy that they're just laughing does
little soy boys yeah they're like eating
on us Tofurky pretending it tastes like
Turkey and that those big blades in the
farmland are cutting out for habitats
it isn't yeah is it is the issue maybe
they're like they're suffering from kind
of a lack of natural masculinity so they
can it's not aggressive enough it's yeah
I mean they're eating a lot of soy
they're just eating a lot that's really
well if you don't believe in anything
you just are adrift and the hedonic
treadmill leads nowhere it's like we
were talking about before that the you
can when you get rich you have the same
nightmares you just wake up on sheets
with a higher thread count and your bare
buns get pretty used to those pretty
fast Streeter the bull and ranch sheets
your course I'm talking my bone branch
they are Shapiro sold me
oh yeah bone branches are jet oh yeah he
does he's really good at that he's
really just sells all because he
personalizes offsets mmm and that's the
key that's true
you know my problem with ads in the past
I'm like buy this Shapiro's like listen
I I have you know I have investments
gold you're like oh I have investments
gold versus just gold yeah my gold yeah
it's it's it's annunciated well dudes
legit I just want like Shapiro I just
want to make sure we have enough time
before we get to the next movement
watches oh look at that look at dad
that's very subtle we do it very subtle
that was perfect and these are great I
mean don't get me wrong
leftist here's tumblr yeah like as soon
as we're done I'm gonna cross it on put
router with Crowder on it we use the
loser ashtrays we're right ash they're
really
that's really funny do you you talk
about men and women a lot I do this is
the issue I like it occurs to me that
men who are like our men that's good and
women who are women that's good and men
who behave like women are the worst as
women who behave like men are the second
worst yes what is so offensive about
that observation and what and why is it
so funny now like why is it on the
internet that blows up that's all
anybody wants to hear about but in
Hollywood if you make that claim you're
you're dead to them why is that the
distinction well because this whole
selling women that that being a woman is
abortion and work working it's so
obviously false that it's like
empowerment comes from aborting your kid
and hitting that cubicle as hard as you
can Diane what you know and my family is
so oddly impervious to these attacks as
my wife is AAB half Mexican with a
master's in engineering and a
stay-at-home mom by choice so it's kind
of like all the it's like races oh oh
well you know tied to the oven oh and
then you'll see Amy being like no I love
my husband I support how hard he works I
love that I can be home in my kid and
and men like to accomplish tasks yeah
we're linear you know and women are
really good and that's one reason why I
think we're seeing a lot of the nonsense
now is the way society is becoming is
how women are with like toddlers which
is great for toddlers mhm you know it's
no one's fault
keep everyone safe stay away from the
safe space away from the the sockets but
that's not society you can't structure
healthcare around that you know I think
men are capitalist women are communist
by Nature mmm hear me out okay all right
so when you're out you're seeing like
women in a group the one having the
worst time sets a tone you know as five
girls having fun one girl's like Brian's
here with a new girl we got to get out
of here and all the girls are like lets
you know unicorn picks him up and
they're like we're going because she
said man if it's like I'm having a bad
time it's like get out of here Todd
you're always killed yeah but then
opposite is true where men's support
greatness where it's saying man I love
the way he talks but a camera in front
of him he's the fastest make him captain
women are like she's the prettiest tell
everybody she has herpes the tallest
nail gets hammered down my friend it's
about gathering verses if you're right
that is very oh yeah I forgot about the
connection between herpes and communism
that's an it we'll explore that in
another world it's a little sexist to
not call it his peace these are the kind
of jokes I make me put the big and big
the big and bigoted bet it that should
be your new tagline that shit hasn't
larious so you're in town you're doing
shows yeah
so you still you've managed you still
work oh yeah more now than ever more now
than ever you're not popular now than
ever and it's because you rejected
Hollywood
yeah and I've always been funny I just
didn't put any work into promoting
myself because I always just had
development deals right you know it just
feel like Oh Warner Brothers just gave
me a check so I can just just hang out
for another year and now I'm like I see
my family and I know that I don't have
uh you know Big Daddy Universal Studios
right so I have to be like all right
I'll let's do some shows let's uh live
stream in the mornings let's rent out my
own theaters you know as before I could
just you know humans human ingenuity
comes from being lazy yeah you know it's
like that's it we just didn't want to
walk so we invented the engine sit-in so
with me it's like oh you're not gonna
get money anymore it's like well I guess
I'm paying on a corner I guess I have to
take down leftism by happy yeah I have
to do something
well we became an empire defensively
you're like stop attacking us or we'll
just take more of your land and they
just kept expanding that's how I feel
about the left is all I wanted to do is
men and women or different jokes and
they're like that sexist I'm like all
right let me read some Thomas all and
take you all down this happened to a
number of comedians right yeah Adam
Corolla never said I'm a conservative
Norm Macdonald it says I'm not a
conservative and they get lumped in
because they'll say they'll say like you
men and women are different they'll say
very basic facts about do you see when
you talk to comedians when you talk to
other performers who maybe are not out
of the closet as as yeah couple of
fine-looking guys like you
mayor what is their take on Hollywood
how quiet do they have to be onset is a
kind of an open secret it what's their
relationship to huh well how many of
their them are there well the ones that
are deep in Hollywood without their own
careers don't really talk to me anymore
mmm cuz it's almost like cult behavior
where the wait call to operate which is
what Hollywood is becoming is if you go
to the outside world and come back in
they almost see you as an invading
species because they know with new
information everyone will leave your
cult and their and their ratings are
tumbling I'm out selling these people on
the road now people with TV shows and it
just no one leaves happy like you go to
some of these shows and you just have
this comedian just talking down to you
for an hour and then you just leave like
bummed out just lecturing you oh yeah do
a really important comedy they're doing
really socially important it's so it's
like wow and they call me like this
crazy like right-wing radical and I'm
like why because I I give props to my
mom like this is like that's why it
doesn't affect me at all anymore yes
most really the thing that got me kicked
out Twitter was uh you know I'm not
gonna say exactly the words even though
you could say it on CBS but I was
basically saying David hog the fact he
hasn't matured he can't tell grown men
what guns were allowed to watch is a
very valid point and all these leftist
just attacked me like unfairly but I was
laughing because any it's almost like
dog whistling to logical people hmm like
the more than they're retweeting me and
people being like wow that someone
Benjamin fell it's pretty funny and
they're like look at this and then go
you just you're coming at me because so
many people are suffocating out there
it's this quiet desperation of leftism
in academia with HR and corporate
America yeah and and they're just dying
to like have somebody just at least say
that there are four whites
I think it's what got elected I think it
was a real battle that's right yeah
because people are they feel so
suffocated by the irony of political
correctness and leftism they think that
guy that guy just said that men and
women are different he gets my vote for
that exactly the fact he just goes what
was that why
that did it the line that did it was
when he said only Rosie O'Donnell yeah
it was amazing you've said terrible
things you've called women pigs and fell
Rosie O'Donnell that because that was a
double tiered joke because people were
like and Rosie is and also he stood up
against that constant male shame that we
don't deserve right like I do a whole
bit about how I I have no white pride or
white shame the only proud of is being
tall cuz I'd to breastfeed for 30 years
your mother's a saint she really stuck
it out you know I'm still hitting her up
but she's over it just 76 she's tired
that's all the thing is the lack of
white shame makes people call you a
bigot mm-hmm there's nothing special
about being white but there's also
nothing that evokes shame and me right
because I have a two-year-old who's
white and he's never owned a slave so
really yeah that's very progressive it
is no I run a pretty tight ship that's
admirable you're good father so I look
at him because I don't know what I
deserve in life really but the innocence
of a child I'm like if anyone starts
telling him that he has to burden that
horror right I will be very angry and
that's why I owned guns and gold British
gold birds gold
good morn to silver that'd be honestly
yeah you gotta roll I was all into
Bitcoin yeah so yeah so this is pretty
much how you feel about Bitcoin this I
yeah not great great yeah you know I I
guess it's better than some alternatives
you know it's gold if you have a 180 IQ
looks like that's the pitch if you're a
crazy smart
this is gold if you're crazy smart and
crazy yeah do you think if you know what
Fiat means not the car the currency you
may like this thing that's no one
understands really do you think on it
because you you pointed out that Trump
was making a joke he made another joke
he he said he was talking about anchor
babies he said something about anchor
babies and some media guys some reporter
says don't you know that's offensive he
said what should I say the guy goes oh
you know future Americans dreaming
whatever Trump's looking because I think
I'm gonna stick with Anchor Bay
and it was clearly it was a setup as a
comedian you're looking at Donald Trump
is he a trained comedian does he know
the jokes that he's making absolutely he
does well and and to watch people not
get the joke is a lot like what's
happening in my career where when he
said I could shoot someone and not was a
supporter he wasn't saying that they're
cool with murder he's saying no one in
New York likes him Yeah right you know
there are all these liberals he's like I
could take my mother not gonna vote for
me and everyone's like he could commit
murder and everyone's okay with it and
normal people are like you know that
made me stop making fun at Trump cause
he was getting hit so hard yeah because
for me it wasn't about picking a side it
was not being a hack yeah well you know
I'm like why is no one everyone's making
fun Christianity but not Islam come on
guys it's not a flying horse yeah that's
right you know and so the logical
approach when you just see these
underserved markets and ideas you're
like wait a minute so we're making fun
Donald Trump we get it's crazy hair you
know buffoonish tweets Hillary Clinton's
up a murderer yeah so why don't we make
fun of it that crazy
Lady Macbeth character you know dance
but oh yeah I'll get it I don't get why
Ted Cruz gets hit so hard I'm like
listen I get that he's not charismatic
but the guy makes some great points yeah
oh man you're starting to get into tech
cause I like what he did with a
Zuckerberg what did Zuckerberg is
amazing yeah because I have a free
speech guy and a like normal
conservative stuff where it's like spend
less right that's why Trump's bothered
me lately with that one spending bill
I'm like that bill was oh it was
terrible I know and I get the tariff
thing it's almost like an invading
species to beat a species yeah cuz I'm
all about free trade but at the same
time I get the argument it's very low or
IP violating World Trade Organization
treaties yeah I got a absolutely right
with so Cruz he does this thing with
Zuckerberg people forget cuz we think of
these politicians it's just cartoon
characters and care people forget that
this guy is a genius genius amazing
prosecutor and so he's there he's
leading Zuckerberg on doing this why did
this guy get fired
dedenne an internet do you ever do this
he's just baiting him it's there's a
difference it seems to me in
intelligence between between
left in the right between our
politicians on the left in the right
when it comes to Trump he he is very
funny he is him he's not the prosecutor
he's this brilliant media guy yeah do
you think his being so funny has
anything to do with why left-wing
comedians are not funny anymore yes
because he's funnier than them because
he's funnier than ale so they're kind of
mad it's almost like you know your girl
dumps you and she starts dating I you
were yeah you know and you're like oh no
she has a better wife than me now so I'm
gonna just become like really mean and
weird yeah yeah and I just think that
he's very good at being alpha him he's
just alpha he's the guy that gets into a
room is that guy and and there's a
certain type of man that just gets so
angry at that and they're starting to be
like that with me and I see it yeah and
I don't need their approval cuz I'm not
into food made of soy yeah you know that
value the small amount of hair I have in
my chest I don't have a lot you get you
don't afford to lose I can't afford to
lose any of it uh-huh you know this has
taken me years and so any bit at tea I
have I got a hole down yeah that's right
now of course you tie I did I finally
had to take my Rachel Maddow glass as
well it's so funny it's too much the
Rachel Maddow comparison every laugh so
hard
think I look like Denzel Washington I
could see that yeah I with the Alpha
question this miss that you see us a lot
on the Internet
you saw Cassie J did that video she's
gonna make this really feminist movie
and then she basically got convinced and
she said men need to act more like men
why yeah women pretend that they want
really nice sensitive guys who eat a lot
of soy they like play acoustic guitar at
the party or whatever yeah they don't
really like that you get some you want
some more than ar-15 they want someone
with an ar-15 why I'm like do they know
that
or is it like how much is the culture
diluting itself why is it telling men to
behave like these little soy boys when
everybody wants men to act like men I
think I don't know to be honest with you
I think part of it is this leftist lie
of determinants of determinism versus
free well I
has permeated itself to all these
nonsense arenas I think that the
foundation of so much thought is based
on a simple lie then now it's it's
entering places that you didn't even see
coming mmm you know it's just it's
random it's just almost like our culture
has rabies
yeah it's like it doesn't make sense
like what part of me thought that people
wanted the the sex is to be the same to
sell more stuff or if you can make women
and secure about their bodies and sell
them stuff why not make men insecure
about their bodies there are stuff you
know if you can tax men at work why not
tax women at work you know it because it
usually is the most simple solution then
that the useful idiots to get pushed to
wherever someone wants to make a
trillion dollars out of some weird thing
but now I don't know because I don't
understand it and I think that's oddly
why feminists kind of team up with
islamís mm-hmm because it's like when
you suppress nature that hard they're
like I want you know when it's like men
I want a man to wear a dress just like
me and then they see a do two like cuts
a guy's head off it's like someone turn
the temperature up right yeah it's like
when you suppress what you are comes
back with a vengeance mm-hmm yeah that
that's so true it just it bubbles out it
get you get these total extremes that
you get you see a lot of polarization
that way speaking of the Islamists what
do you think the relationship is between
God belief in God and comedy if there is
one I didn't used to think there was but
now I think it's starting to divide
people a lot because if you don't
believe in God or at least principles
that guide your life it's so easy to be
tricked and push down weird paths you
know if you don't have some sort of
covenant whatever it is to you people
can trick you with fear a lot easier
yeah and and and uh social approval and
then people need God in their life so
they'll make it CrossFit
mm-hmm and psych CrossFit is everything
to me and you're like you're being duped
yeah you know it's a cult yeah right and
then people will just start seeing that
the government is God where it's like
okay so now the government will dictate
good and evil uh-huh that's that
straight-up religion at that point and
and that's the problem with
authoritarianism and socialism and
communism
because they melt down all the church
bells because God you know Solzhenitsyn
said Russia lost God and that's what
happened mmm and and I think that that's
a major thing and it's I I didn't used
to think that until recently like now
I'm starting to really see that where if
people are adrift yeah you know a lot of
these Gibbons that I grew up with it
that everyone knows to protect children
did everyone you know like the hashtag
me too I saw this pound me too which is
very uncomfortable I don't know what a
hashtag was I'm 37 my man that's a pound
symbol yes so it's the pound me to move
very confusing and that's well yeah yeah
ironic yeah ironic that's actually a
queen Joe godly it feels like it isn't
but it is because that's a pound symbol
it's just a pun it's just a pun but it's
fine now if there's enough pound me too
I'm like I don't know what a hashtag is
this is very uncomfortable if you took
you're gonna get me baby you're gonna be
permanently banned from Twitter when we
put this up just don't mention D H oh my
baby
on that note I've gotta say goodbye to
Facebook and YouTube we're gonna be back
with more Owen for the last ten minutes
but only for subscribers i subscribe
come on you gotta pay for value in this
world gotta pay for value look we
obviously we're gonna get shut down by
all the social media sites after this i
need to keep the lights on I got a
wedding coming up guys come on
graduation thank you very much it's huge
go to daily wire comm it's ten bucks a
month $100 for an annual membership
you'll get me you get the under Clavin
show you get the Ben Shapiro show blah
blah blah but Beth here it is look at
this go to daily wire calm we'll be
right back
all right we're back we're back for the
last ten minutes or so
right I want to talk about what happens
now that we've lost Facebook and YouTube
Deadwood they're not willing to pay what
let him go but what happens to us what
happens to right-of-center people who
are in show business or politics once
Facebook and YouTube and Twitter just
permanently ban us seriously what
happens to the careers of right-wing
people who ever go in front of a camera
have you ever seen someone have their
shackles removed when someone realized
that shackles are nothing but cobwebs
and they don't need approval from
sociopaths it's a blast I I compared it
don't get me wrong there's been some
hardships with the shame things and
whatnot but it's like that scene from
Forrest Gump when all the ships were
wrecked except his yeah when all these
people are imploding being like enough
is enough we must stop having guns in
our house I'm like dude I've seen you
asleep on it
I got a homeless guy it's like you're
not an arbiter of morality
we're not the moral and I have become
like seen as like the more moral family
guy is hysterical right because I always
consider myself more rebellious more
pirate ish right but like I always
thought that everyone at least wanted a
good life you know that's the thing
there are stands people are now taking
pride in like an awful existence just
misery yeah sound that's a crowd I'm
like even like my whole life I always
thought everyone wanted a family and to
believe in the right things I even want
privilege it's amazing now how
privileges are power thing yeah
yeah I want God's yeah that's good yeah
it is so crazy now if use the people say
like you have privilege you should get
rid of that privilege why would you not
want privilege I'm definitely one proof
that's like you have sandwich privilege
throw it away it's like eating the
sandwich I'm for sure I'm not even for
one second yeah well that's the thing
it's it's it's the left doesn't like
poor people they hate rich people and
the way the free market works is if
you're not a spiteful person you realize
that it rises all boats like you
you're gonna have a small amount of
people with an insane amount of money
right but that's in nature that's the
Pareto distribution so it's like you're
poor we'll be much better off in a free
market but the socialist is based around
spite it's Kane vs Abel like literally
it's biblical
it's just Envy it's all your doings are
killing what you want you're killing
your ideal where it's like if someone
says that guy's awesome you have two
options I want to be like them or I want
to kill them yeah and the lab says kill
and the right says how do I become like
that how do I become like Dennis Prager
that's what I'm gonna work hard get a
fireplace fireplace 150 cigars a day
yeah they do this I think a lot of it is
they hate themselves the left I hate
their culture they hate themselves they
hate their sex or their race or they
hate all of that and they and a lot of
them are rich and they hate that too and
there is a little secret here rich
people are great people and with the
right ones I think it magnifies what you
already are mm I think that if you're if
you're a bad person and you're rich
you're like real bad and if you're a
good person you're rich you're real good
I think it's almost like Sol steroids
yeah money is just it's freedom it's
more freedom and there's certain people
that the more freedom that get the more
they're free to be awful yeah and
there's other people where the more
freedom they get the more they can build
culture and have fun and and do good
things and family yeah exactly and I
think that's all it is that all money is
is just another of infinite currencies
like time and health and you know times
a currency right money's just it's
almost like bottled time that's intense
right that's Wow whoa man I don't really
feel that's natural but we got a lot of
khofifah in these leftist years down
below that's true now it's more it's it
is Sol steroids it's more freedom it's
more choice it's more life if you are
not afraid of people if you just kind of
go do what your thing and what are what
is everyone so afraid of do you everyone
is so afraid yeah what is it it's it's a
lot of people when they get money and
success they can no longer blame anyone
but themselves and when that happens
that's terrifying and that's when people
become these crazy people it's when
like I knew Chelsea Handler and she was
really cool and funny and then you see
when people hit a certain point and they
realized they can't blame their wall
their hitting and they have the freedom
yeah they realize that there's a burden
too well there's a burden too power
there's a burden too rights every right
comes with a responsibility yeah and
that's what conservatism always drew me
about conservatism is there's the weight
of that like you you know that free
speech comes with the responsibility
second amendment comes with the
responsibility of defending your own
country like these aren't just gifts
given from a parent to into a screaming
toddler which is what the left is
becoming because they don't stand for
anything they just stand for the
acquisition of power through a new
currency of shame
yeah you know like I had relatives fight
like in the civil war to end slavery and
I'm supposed to feel some kind of guilt
like they lined up in a row and just
what so ever is bad and now I'm the bad
guy it's sooo hilarious it's just like
it's a it's a joke
net net that's absolutely right I had
add some Knowles's to we're in the Civil
War we are on the right side be wrong
out a couple on the other side hey you
know that's it's family drama family is
how we drive ups you know yeah yeah the
point on freedom where they behave like
screaming children this is a really hard
point because John Adams said the
American Constitution is from moral and
religious people yeah if you can't
discipline yourself then a giant
government is going to discipline you
someone has to keep order do you see a
hope on the horizon do you think that
we'll be able to get a culture that's
freer and it can laugh and has hope yes
you tell you why cuz my mom's been a
little red pill and she's 76 really oh
yeah because I've been kind of pushed
her in certain points and she's more
classical liberal and now she's becoming
like where she's like a total de hunt
ya know she's ready to sack Rome yeah
but uh no but I see that I see that the
more insane they're getting and the more
that they isolate themselves in this
little corner it's it's becoming like
when a comedian married to a Hispanic
woman who's toward you know I like Anne
Hathaway this video of her being like is
anyone else here a huge Owen Benjamin
fantasy Martin Scorsese clapping like
when you got
me and I'm now a Nazi I'm a quarter
Jewish I'm a core jewish nazi yeah right
i know i put the big and bigoted you do
you do for the bigger this if there's a
lot of room for nazi in there you could
quarter jewish and then a lot of nazi
we're doing around the rest is all nazi
all but there's a lot of problems to
come with that anyway but when i'm not
when dave rubin is out gay guy married
to a guy it's like unlike those gay guys
married to girls you know they're
they're doing their civic duty dave
rubin that's right you gotta respect the
commitment to that now he's an all right
he's he's he's a nazi according to like
the new york times he's a Jewish dude
married to a dude who's a Nazi the
problem with that is then you can't
identify actual Nazis it's true this is
a real problem
100 percent that's a real problem
because there are racist and I'm so
naive there every now and then someone
be like I really like your calming him I
go thanks they're like okay let's secure
the existence of the white guy I'm like
no like guys your your race socialists
you know and they're just as wrong as
socialist cuz it's like you're trying to
get credit or some sort of thing for
something you didn't earn right it's
this lazy stupid thing yeah and I want
to be able to identify those guys and
and now that everyone's a Nazi no one's
a Nazi that's exactly right
this is they did this before before the
all tried and the Nazi thing they did it
with race and they say you know like
you're racist he's a race you oh you
want to lower taxes you're a racist
like you know I actually don't think
judge people on the basis of race I
actually don't mean either to the point
to my own detriment yeah we almost have
to be a racist to be a leftist because
you have to think like race is
everything this is the only thing I can
say so I don't get yelled at right
that's right yeah but but you know i
think race basically means nothing but i
think our butcher means every exactly
culture means that's right white liberal
should be read by every American child
yeah like you literally will see Thomas
all just shows you the blueprint evolved
it how culture is everything yeah you
know and it's so important just the
habits of cultures you know and and how
you can have a group of Koreans come
here with a mat and a dream and they own
three dry cleaners in five years you
know it's because
the culture and it's and and you can't
label that privilege right I know dude
can barely speak English she's a great
dude three dry cleaners that's three
more dry cleaners in Ione you're my
whole life's twenty five hours a day cuz
they figured out some loophole with the
equation others a great as a great
contribution of the Korean Korean
Peninsula throw a jet that so you're
hopeful for the culture not a percent
hopeful are you hopeful for Hollywood no
no God no no they're done muster Netflix
is on the scene yeah it's decentralizing
it's and they're pumping money someone's
pumping money into it because I think
it's a propaganda wing of uh some
socialist entities yeah because it
doesn't make any they're not even making
gladiator Braveheart anymore there's no
individual against a corrupt state like
three hundred would never be made now
now it's like the shape of water and
your glass oh my god oh my god it's so
profound
nothing matters you really spoke to me
it really is even though I love the
Hunger Games as books and stuff that
still has a postmodern twist where at
the end no one's right or wrong yet
right and you're like no that's not how
reality is if you live an honorable life
even when you're being tortured you're
okay that's the whole point and so now
that they're making this whole there is
no good or evil it'll all fall and who
can who cares what they think nobody
watches the Oscars ratings were down
twenty percent this year over last
year's nine year low and most of the
people were just doing it to tweet
snarky things like me like me yeah
literally I had to watch it I had no
that was when I first got labeled a
bigot because no one got the joke cuz
that was like I even tweet I go every
time they do a joke against white people
I'm gonna do a joke about black people
and watch them freak out and dude they
freak out so hard I thought everyone's
gonna high-five me like oh so profound
oh and look what you revealed and
they're like no but this is you now
you're like racist have you ever read ah
you know Jonathan Swift yeah like this
is what we do but with them satire is
dead they've transcended satire that's
why they because it reveals to lie right
that's why I get obsessed with
pejoratives cuz it reveals the biggest
lies mmm because the thing that gets the
most flack has the most amount of heat
on it yeah right and one of the biggest
ones is the narrative that being black
inherently makes you a victim therefore
the welfare state will never go anywhere
and that's why that word has such heat
on it because that word unlocks the the
soft bigotry of low expectations to the
point where the whole thing falls down
yeah right and that's why anybody never
have called a black person that I call
Trudeau that and that's what really
throws beautiful open I call my co
monkey keys and ice pack trying to run
across the border for our health care
see how that mess with your brain cuz
there's no race as a minute but you get
that thing where you're like is this bad
no he's mocking it and so that's why one
of my buddies said that if you don't
have an IQ of at least 110 mm-hmm I seem
insane
but if you're at all intelligent it's
wicked fine then and you by the way it
was speaking of exposing the big lie
yeah you've exposed that lie with
Hollywood which is keep your mouth shut
don't deviate will ruin you will ruin
your career and you're bigger than ever
I'm six foot seven bro you're a stick
you're gonna cut it I did I have
lumberjack like for real like my brother
cuts down trees so whenever I was in hot
water 20 an hour let's chop let's do it
yeah and so I'm not intimidated by by
Jimmy Kimmel's tears this is all his
could we get that's a good vintage a
nice 2018 vintage because they have no
backbone in person ever right ever right
like if I walked into the improv or
something like that
I'll see people that tweeted that I was
human garbage and my wife should leave
me literally just look at me and shrink
and it's hysterical then realize how big
you are bro I was a heckler at a
Renaissance Fair in high school like
people threw tomatoes in my face and I
figured out how to hide it like cripple
someone's ego you just attack with that
pride in not what they are do do you
think on that exact point conservatives
to make it even in just the common
culture right now corporate environment
where do they need a really thick skin
or what is it help survivors need a
thick skin because they hate services
already have it yeah like if you have a
belief system and bad times you can make
it through you're like we're suffering
right now but it's all good no liberal
if they're in bad times
they got stay away from rope mmm like
that's what yeah no seriously that's it
no it's not realize the left doesn't
have a core of its belief that
conservatives have a core they don't
either thick skin
is they have a core of belief so let's
talk about our Christians in a gulag
we're more free than communists outside
because if you are you can take
punishment
if you have a core and if you don't
every punishment it's just one thing you
don't get because you're motivated by
the hedonic treadmill and that you can
never get enough yeah and that's why you
see such like sexual deviancy and insane
girag use because it's just in the
studio yeah well that's me right this is
this is pure black tar heroin leftist
black tar heroin like I'm chasing a hard
dragon right now and it won't stop until
I'm dead I'm gonna go listen to some
Velvet Underground's news we're done
well on that note we gotta let Owen go
listen it's a faux fit underground with
whatever is in they left us your black
tar heroin Oh we'll talk about it tumble
that plug some stuff yeah plug
everything where can everybody find you
patreon.com slash WD TL because if you
pay as little as a dollar it gets rid of
all the trolls and they won't shut you
down controls don't pay also a vimeo.com
slash Owen Benjamin and huge pianist
calm for tour dates Pittsburgh Kirkland
there's a bunch of them in there just
huge pianist he and s yeah six seven I
play classical piano yeah there we go
that and and you're going on tour you're
playing some dates around the game yeah
always always doing live it lets me know
what's real and what isn't like see the
real people react amazing definitely
check on out you gotta go to all of that
going with your brother that's what
we'll keep going because I want to
finish a little bit of the Heritage
three days this is a pure crack cocaine
just keeps changing
I'm Michael Knowles Owen is a bigot this
is the Michael no shot I'll see you
tomorrow
the Michael Lowell show is a daily wire
for word publishing production executive
producer Jeremy boring senior producer
Jonathan hey supervising producer Mathis
Glover our technical producer is Austin
Stevens edited by Alex Zangaro audio is
mixed by Mike Cora Mina Erin's makeup is
by Jeshua
of era copyright for word publishing
