CIA director Mike Pompeo has revealed
that he has had secret meetings with
insane North Korean tyrant Kim jong-un
Pompeyo said he had wanted to reveal the
meetings earlier but he had signed a
nondisclosure agreement after receiving
a payment of a hundred and thirty
thousand dollars from trump attorney
Michael Cohen
Pompeyo said he was further intimidated
into silence when he was approached by a
blonde porn actress in a parking lot who
told him quote leave mr. Trump alone he
belongs to me
unquote stormy Daniels denies
threatening Pompeo but says she too has
been meeting with Kim jong-un and Kim
has agreed to denuclearize the peninsula
in exchange for sex then I woke up
trigger warning
I'm Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Clavin show
all right it's mailbag day and here I am
all alone in Austin Texas with no one to
say woohoo so I'll have to say whoo-hoo
myself but I will answer all your
questions and you can ask more questions
for next mailbag if you subscribe to the
daily wire which is a lousy 10 bucks a
month and for a lousy hundred bucks you
subscribe for the whole year and then I
will answer your questions honestly plus
you kept it electus dere's tumblr which
I don't have with me I miss my left the
stairs tumblr meanwhile we should talk
about blue apron because blue apron is
the leading meal kit delivery service in
the US and while many people know what
they do many don't know about the types
of meals you can get when you cook with
blue apron I've tried it it is really
good they come they deliver it right to
your house and has all the ingredients
prepackaged pre pre-prepared and then
you get a little menu card that tells
you how to do it and then you sit there
and watch your wife make baked in my
house at your house possibly it works in
a different way all kinds of good food
that you can choose from go on and go on
the site and look because they've got
things like steak frites with roasted
broccoli and lemon aioli roast pork and
salsa verde with sauteed vegetables beef
empanadas with roasted sweet potatoes
and creamy zucchini is really as good
stuff and what it is is like you cook it
yourself and you cook it in your own
house but it tastes like you're eating
in a restaurant I mean you could hear
those things go on and take a look at
the pictures you will want what they've
got so check out this week's menu and
get your first 3 meals for free at blue
apron calm slash Andrew I mean they're
giving away food I think that's a pretty
good deal blue apron calm / Andrew blue
apron is a better way to cook alright so
you know I have to talk about this
Southwest Airlines I've been flying all
Southwest I flew south west of Phoenix
flew Southwest to down here to Texas
and you know as a novelist I'm always
really fascinated by motivation right
that's what I write about that's what
you have to know what makes people tick
and when I was a kid everybody was
really in
of Sigmund Freud and that was pretty
much like what everybody thought that
you were you were what made you tick was
basically eros you know not necessarily
sex but your sex drives and everything
could be traced back to kind of physical
urges in you that you then kind of
spiritualize and that became kind of
dogma that really was dogma you go back
and watch some movies from the 50 50s
before my time and it's like every show
you see it's got a psychiatrist for a
hero or somebody it's like the last
scene in psycho where they explain
everything away and it really people
really believed that stuff it's amazing
when you look back how it took people
over I think people do things for
spiritual reasons I think one of the
things they do is every single one of us
knows that he's not what he's supposed
to be no one is righteous no not one and
we all know it and we're all trying to
deny it and we're all trying to prove to
ourselves and to others that we in fact
are better than we are and I really do
think that avoiding shame and avoiding
guilt and avoiding the appearance of
lack of virtue which all of us are
experiencing shame guilt lack of virtue
is one of the things that really
motivates people and heroism of course
is the ultimate display of virtue I
think when I was growing up my
generation the baby boomer generation
was deeply affected by the fact that all
of our fathers were in World War two and
there was no good war for us to fight
and I think a lot of the protests of the
60s a lot of the noise and everything
was make-believe heroism make-believe
heroism to make us feel that we were
being just as heroic as our parents I
think a lot of that is going on today
too and then you have a genuine genuine
hero I mean you have this flight the
Southwest 1380 flight and it's a very
tragic story you know an engine blew the
propeller seems to have come out crashed
through a window a woman Jennifer
Reardon with two children and her
husband
sucked out of the window the guy people
around her pulled her back in but she
died afterwards and it's a that is a
genuinely tragic story but of course
there were a lot many more people on the
plane and the pilot Tammy Joe Schultz
the first woman to fly a fighter jet for
the Navy after the airforce wouldn't
take her and she loves being a pilot she
says because she loves to witness for
Christ every flight and you know I'm I
have a pilot's license I don't fly
more but I did learn to fly and I've
always been incredibly impressed with
pilots obviously Sully they Souls burger
the guy who landed the plane in the in
the Hudson
yeah the Hudson River one of the great
pilots with piloting moments in history
because it's very tough to land a
seaplane let alone a jet and an injured
jet in the water like that incredible
this was not as incredible but what was
incredible was the steely serenity I
mean I don't even want to say calm issue
it was like the serenity of this lady as
she brought this plane down I want to
play just a minute of this because you
could for the guys on the ground and God
bless the guys on the ground they do you
know a lot of the work that keeps
playing safe and remember there has not
been a death on an American commercial
airline since 2009 that is an amazing
amazing safety record but the guys on
the ground in this audio that you'll
hear they sound more upset and nervous
than then the pilot Tammy Joe Schultz
but it is an amazing moment of heroism
on her part and also on the ground
workers part to bring this plane in and
get everybody else in safely just listen
to this it is moving south 1380 turn
just start turning southbound there
there's a south of 737 on a 4-month I'll
be turning southbound start looking for
the airport it's off to your right and
slightly behind you there and altitude
is your discretion use caution for the
downtown area maintain a budget maintain
at about 2200 for us the MVA okay could
you have the medical made it fair on the
runway as well we've got injured
passengers injured passengers okay and
are you as your airplane physically on
fire no it's not a fire but they said
there was a hole and that one went out
I'm sorry you said there was a hole when
somebody went out in 80 it doesn't
matter we'll work it out there so the
airport's just soft you write reported
inside please I mean listen to that
listen to that steely calm and I'd like
I said it's more it's almost more
serenity than calming I was thinking
that's kind of funny right now that the
news I mean I understand that this is a
tragic story because somebody
but so many people didn't die that it is
also a an upbeat story in that sense but
so much of the news right now the real
news is actually kind of good like the
economy is good you know Trump they
announced that yesterday that Mike
Pompeo the CIA director who's up to
become the Secretary of State that
Pompeo had over Easter had had top-level
meetings with Kim jong-un and have
actually been meeting with Kim jong-un
preparing for a meeting between Trump
and Kim in maybe as early as June or
July which would be an amazing thing if
this actually moved forward now if if
Trump gets taken to the cleaners like
Clinton did and we end up shoveling him
money while he continues to build
nuclear weapons not so good but it's an
opening you gotta admit it's an opening
and I don't think Trump is gonna get the
you know conned the way Clinton did and
he doesn't need the news that much and
but it would be an amazing amazing thing
I was like well let Trump just talk for
a minute just as he announces what's
going on we have had talks at the
highest level the classic Trump will see
what happens but still you know good
news I think you know some people say
you should never talk to tyrants cuz it
gives them the legitimacy I don't agree
with that I actually agreed with Obama
about this that you should talk to just
about anybody if you could feel you can
get somewhere make the world better so
that's always good taxes but yes was
yesterday tax day yes or the day before
it was the 16th this time but then they
delayed it a day because all their
computers went Blooey
but taxes are lower you know tax is
lower in there I love this so this is
what I'm talking about
all the real news is good right taxes
are lower here's Larry Kudlow who's now
part of the administration describing
what the new tax plan mean is gonna mean
to people as they start to see it in
their wallet most of the polls that I've
seen show close to 50% support for the
tax cuts and minds you we're just really
getting started the paychecks and the
withholding rates as I said earlier
you've got the child tax credits the
doubling you've got a doubling of the
standard deduction you've got lower
income tax rates you've got lower
business tax rates I
think it's a winner that's that is
pretty good but so that's the real news
right real news open negotiations plane
landed safely taxes are lower now you
know I don't want to say fake names it's
just an attitude a way of approaching
the news the Democrats are actually
campaigning on raising your taxes and
they're competing on raising your taxes
in the name of God I mean this is
unbelievable to me they are telling you
that paying taxes is your holy duty the
New York Congressman Joe Crowley was out
saying that people who want lower taxes
have no souls listen to this one of my
colleagues talked about the fact that
he's doing a lot of soul-searching after
he voted for this tax scam and I suppose
sister we have to assume as people of
faith that they may have souls but they
didn't demonstrate it when they passed
this bill I've no soul if you want to
keep the money that you earned if you
this isn't it speaking of soul it's
Thomas soul who said that according to
liberals you're greedy if you want to
keep your money but they're generous if
they want to take your money away Nancy
Pelosi I love Nancy Pelosi she is
absolutely one of the best things we
have in the government today because she
guarantees more votes for Republicans
but she was out there promising she's
promising if they win the majority if
they take back the government they will
raise your taxes here's Pelosi this is
not about our values a budget is
supposed to be a statement of our
national beds what is important to us as
a nation should be how we invest in our
children's future in the retirement of
our seniors in the air that our kids
breathe in the the opportunities in the
economy and the rest be fair fairness
that's not what this budget is it's a
shame it's wrong it's wrong and we just
we we cannot let it stand we won't let
it stand we won't let it stand we won't
let it stand we won't let it what
they're promising they're chanting
they're making a chant of it we will
raise your taxes we
raise your taxes which I you know it
it's the difference between virtue and
virtue signaling the difference between
heroism the lady landing that plane and
make-believe heroism I mean it's all
about make-believe heroism and Trump
with his kind of you know that big
obstreperous sometimes rude sometimes
crude personality of his makes everybody
wanna seem like the hero who's gonna
take him down and they keep doing this
thing where instead of taking him down
they find themselves somehow stooping to
his level and somehow he can do it he
can get away with it I'm not sure why
exactly and they can't so now you've got
you've got James Comey out there I mean
this is really something else
James Comey has blown himself up
basically he went out there you know he
was gonna do the whole virtue signalling
thing and of course there's still some
animosity from the left against James
Comey because of his late is late in the
election announcement that he was gonna
reopen the Hillary Clinton case which he
now says he did under the impression she
was going to win so he was making his
decisions according to the polls which
are not maybe not the best way for an
FBI director to make decision but it's
really interesting he had about an hour
in the Sun Stephen Colbert was fawning
all over him but the rest of the press
is starting to turn on him and they're
not you know they're obviously not
conservatives Savannah Guthrie really
started to needle him in a kind of I
found him kind of startling interview
listen to this a little bit it feels
like you might have some scores to
settle you know that you might have a
little bit of anger left over and a
little bit of bitterness would you plead
guilty to all that yeah I wouldn't
actually I would take that one a trial
because I think it is raw in the sense
that I find it really painful to relive
reading that book doing the audiobook
left me physically drained but I really
don't feel a sense of anger I'm very
worried actually which is why I'm doing
something I don't love which is talking
about it writing about it but not anger
there's been a lot of reactions to the
book so far some of the most widely
cited parts have to do with your
description and words about President
Trump I mean including calling his skin
orange and saying his looked like he had
tanning goggles and you know some people
said that was kind of for lack of a
better word that was a little cat
did you enjoy taking those shots at the
president no I didn't think of them as
shots and I still really Orange the
funny white eyes it's not shot you know
there's something one of the things that
I think is actually turning people
against Comey is that there is something
girly about the guy he's always talking
about his feelings and by the way I like
girly and girls but guys and sometimes
it just doesn't come across really well
he's always talking about his feeling
States I mean you could see even
Savannah Guthrie use the word Cadi which
is usually a word that she used to
describe women there's something about
this guy that just comes across as I
don't know just kind of weak I guess is
the word I'm looking forward to some
somehow you know he's not coming across
the way he wants to and he's suffering
from what I've come to call the Trump
effect which is that somehow Trump can
do this this stuff where he is in
attacks people personally and when they
try and do it back they look bad so here
is this guy pretending that he is the
pinnacle of Honor the pinnacle of
integrity the absolute model of decency
he himself says he falls in love with
his own virtue and you can just see
James Comey alone with his own virtue
mmm virtue I love you I love my virtue
and yet and yet here he is doing what
Trump does which completely contradicts
and takes away from the effect of it and
so he's trying to be a hero but instead
he's coming off like kind of a buffoon
and s CNN yes even Perez his name isn't
he's the he's there justice guy he's
there justice commentator and even he
comes on and he has started to notice
the the Trump effect basically the way
this blows back on the guy and here's
the guy he's talking I think he's a
liberal he's obviously speaking from a
liberal point of view his beef with
Comey is what he did to Hillary Clinton
but listen what he says he unfortunately
is suffering the same fate that
everybody who decides to play by Donald
Trump's playbook right using some of the
same tactics some of the cheap things
frankly I think they're cheap to be
making comments about the president's
marriage to me making comments about his
tan and his tie and all that stuff you
know I think that's what happens to you
when you go there and you saw this in
the campaign right people who decided to
to go mano-a-mano with the with with
candidate Trump ended up looking worse
for and so I think my fear is that I
think for Comey and I think we're gonna
start digesting this over the next
couple of weeks he's gonna come across
looking worse than I think I don't I
don't want to you know it's funny
sitting there saying that on CNN you
must have been sitting there going wait
what we're not supposed to attack his
marriage we're not supposed to attack
his looks we're not supposed to attack
him every man is maybe that's why only
seven people are watching us and all of
them are running to catch a plane at the
time you know the same thing the
virtually the same thing is happening to
stormy Daniel so you know now stormy
Daniels this is you know the stormy
Daniels story is originally a Wall
Street Journal story the other ones who
broke the story about Michael Kohn
paying off the porn star to keep quiet
and the sense that it becomes a
financial story and a legal story as
it's becoming with this woman Kimber
would I think her name is the judge who
is such a partisan judge that she you
know actually officiated it at the
George Soros's wedding you know all of
that may pose real dangers for Donald
Trump so far I don't see any but still
it could pose real dangers what would
have to happen is first they would have
to get Michael Cohen on bank fraud and
then they would have to prove somehow
the Trump had basically told him to do
it and not only that he had taken out a
home loan to make these payoffs but
Trump had said take out a home loan to
make these payoffs because otherwise you
know what do they have they have maybe
Donald Trump conspired to misuse
campaign campaign funds it's very very
tough stuff it's not gonna happen I just
do not believe you that this is going to
be reached the level where the public
will stand for impeachment because even
the people who dislike Trump may be the
people who hate Trump don't care what he
gets impeached for but even the people
who disliked Rome do not want to see
elections overturned it is not a good
look you know it is not a good look to
overturn democratic elections using
legal means to criminalize the opponents
because that's kind of the South
American Way that is the tin-pot
dictator way to come and arrest you for
being on the other in the other party
but stormy Daniels herself is just
starting to look I don't know like a
cheap porn star or something like that
she's gone he's on the view and she is
putting forward this idea that she was
threat
and she says she remembers this guy's
face he or she is talking about how she
was threatened to keep quiet he walked
up behind me and I saw his reflection
and I turned around I thought for sure
he said hey do you know where - such as
such classes or what building is
whatever and he had his hands in his
pocket and he looked at my daughter and
I just remember him saying like oh it's
a beautiful little girl would be ashamed
if something happened to her mom forget
about this story leave mr. Trump alone
and it was like it it didn't even
register to me at first and then he
turned and walked away and I like I said
his face is burned in my memory and it's
our faces
that's painful to have a face burned
into your memory but then she put
forward this you know this what do they
call them where they cry the crime
artists the forensic artist does aids
description from your description does a
does a drawing of the of the suspect so
they put up this picture do you have the
picture of the suspect there it is
that's it's Steve Crowder obviously yeah
some people some people said it's Tom
Brady but I don't know I've never seen
Crowder and this guy together but
obviously the funny one is that her
ex-husband looks exactly like this
drawing I mean it is all he's almost a
dead ringer for this drawing I don't
know listen I wasn't there maybe the
story is true it sounds like cheap
dialogue from a b-movie
guy does the picture looks exactly like
her ex-husband very suspicious but but
she goes on to say oh so so then they
asked her on the view they asked her why
she hadn't come forward before it so she
unreal this story first of all I was
scared it was expressly what he told me
not to do and I went home and like
regrouped it was I was going to because
I always feel like you should stand up
for yourself and you should report it
but the problem with that in this
particular Kate instance would I would
have gone to the police and would have
gone okay a man approached me this is
what he said to me told me elite you
know leave mr. Trump alone and their
very next question the detection would
have asked me why would somebody tell
you to leave mr. Trump alone and I would
have had to answer that question which
was not public at the time and I would
have had to tell the Pleet an entire
police department and police reports are
public record I know that for a fact I
had sex with Donald Trump and then the
whole world would have known and I was
in the process of trying to
quiet that or figure out what what to do
and and honestly I was just afraid and I
didn't want everyone to know I didn't
want my family to find out that way
it I didn't want my life turned upside
down again not believing this story I'm
not buying this story so she's a she's a
porn sergeant but she didn't want to
damage her sexual reputation I mean is
that the story I I don't know I mean
look I am I am absolutely sure she's
telling the truth it's not I'm not
absolutely sure I'm fairly sure she's
telling the truth that she had a
relationship with Donald Trump I'm
pretty sure she was paid off to keep
quiet all of that but I do think she is
basically manipulating you know that
getting this moment to get her moment
her 15 minutes of fame and again Trump
can do things that I don't approve of
that maybe look a little you know rude
and crude and yet somehow he gets away
with it maybe because he there's no
hypocrisy to the man he is what he is
he's not what he he's not he hasn't
pretended to be anything that he's not
whereas here's a woman pretending to act
out of virtue again she's pretending to
be a hero coming forward to a daring you
know to stand up to the powerful men
mace but basically any money Meghan
McCain on the view takes her out for
exactly that she didn't have anything to
do with the case it seemed a little like
you were just trying to get attention
which I understand that they're being
sued by our president but it does seem
like you're benefiting a lot I mean
you've gone on your make America horny
again tour I'm sure you're making a lot
of money no disrespect you know I hadn't
heard your name until all of this had
happened and now you are a literally
live on the view giving entire interview
with us so it has been beneficial well
yes I've gotten more bookings than usual
but I'm doing the job that I've been
doing for the last almost 20 years yes
there's a lot of publicity but I didn't
do it for that because this isn't what I
want to be known for you know I'm gonna
be at the University of Texas Austin
tonight I'm gonna be speaking what I'm
gonna speak about just I just want to
talk about the narrative you know I I
hate going to these speeches with this
idea that I'm some kind of warrior and
I'm gonna beat down the opposition and
all this I really just want to talk I
actually want to hear from the students
but I do want to talk about the
narrative the
because you know you're living in this
country that's that's free you're living
in a country where it's less racist than
other countries you're living in a
country where there are heroes like the
lady who can land a plane after its
engine blows out which is no easy thing
you're living in a country where people
are still you know where the president
and all the levers of power are working
to try and make the world more peaceful
which is a complicated thing to do and
then we're living also in this world of
the narrative where stormy Daniels is
supposed to be a hero where James Comey
is supposed to be a man of integrity
where things are dark I start because
Starbucks is such a racist company and
we have to protest Starbucks which is
utter nonsense as far as I'm concerned
I'm still calling BS on that story it
hasn't come out fully yet but I you know
I just do not know why two guys when
they're when the police ask them to
leave a coffee shop why they don't leave
and why they shouldn't be arrested I
don't understand that but still we don't
live on television and we're pay you
know in the end in the end I do believe
that we're gonna support the people who
actually do courageous things and the
people who actually make the world a
better place and these people who are
just play-acting we're just you know
virtue signaling as they say who are
just trying to establish some form of
heroism in a world that doesn't provide
all those many opportunities for heroism
because it's so safe I do not think
they're ultimately going to believe I
don't be believed I don't think they're
ultimately going to be followed in worst
case scenario for them they suffer the
Trump effect and are completely dissed
and completely left behind in the dust
all right we got the mailbag coming up
but I got to say goodbye to Facebook and
YouTube from Austin bye-bye you know you
can come on over the daily wire and you
listen I think you can listen on YouTube
as well but but if you want to
participate if you want to be a part of
the Andrew Clavin show if you want to
ask questions on the mailbag if you want
that left is tears tumblr and who does
not want a leftist tears tumblr it got
to subscribe to the daily wire.com
allows a hundred bucks for a year's
subscription will get you that leftist
tears tumblr and you can ask as many
questions on the mailbag as you want and
occasionally I will answer and
occasionally all the answers will be
correct and occasionally they will
change your life and even more
occasionally for the better come on over
to the daily wire calm
it's the mailbag far away from far away
and my lonely my lonely Austen tower I
hear they the mailbag all right from
Louise
we have dear st. Clavin and yes that is
that is my ultimate title I haven't
quite achieved that yet but I will
eventually I am a 23 year old millennial
woman and about two years ago I suffered
from a relatively brief but very severe
case of a debilitating disease called
feminism I'm sorry to hear that that is
bad while I was ill I made a lot of
impulsive sexual decisions I thought
we're empowering but were really just
reckless and self-destructive what is
worse is that I allowed many of these
decisions to be filmed how do I come to
terms with these past mistakes and if
your sins are caught on camera can Jesus
still wash them away thanks and love the
show Louise
first of course of course of course
Christ can wash away your sins whether
they're filmed whether they're engraved
in stone you can wash them away and it
I'm sorry that happened to you and I'm
sorry the feminists did that to you they
do that to people and I'm sorry it's
caught on caught on tape that there's no
question that that may come back
sometime in your life and haunt you but
but here's the thing about sin you know
we talk you know a lot about things that
are sinful acts that we say well that's
a sin or that's a sin this is a sin to
me to me and I really do think when you
read the gospel closely this is what
what you see is sin is actually more of
a state it is a state that you are in
it's a state you in in the Greek that is
the New Testament language this is
basically an hour Mayock translated into
Greek and you read it in Greek the word
is Hammar Tia for sin and it means to
miss the target it means your aim is off
and and really I really do believe that
sin is a state in which you're facing
away from God and when you have faith
one of the reasons that faith is counted
as righteousness is because when you
have faith you are turning the ship of
your life toward God and you are no
longer in a state of sin you because
you're facing God when Jesus says to
people be perfect like your father in
heaven is perfect
people say well huh you know how am I
going to be
can't do that but that's not what he
means the word in Greek really means to
be going in the direction of your
completion to hit the target as it were
so you have now turned your life away
from this thing that you were doing and
are like I assume from your question are
moving in the direction of God and so
you are no longer in a state of sin now
the thing is you did those things
they're gonna haunt you maybe they'll
come back and haunt you in a literal way
because they're on tape but they're not
gonna hunt God and here's the thing you
know they they call Satan the accuser
that's one of his names and for all I
know that may actually mean the accuser
but they call him the accuser and and
the reason they call him the accuser is
he loves your guilt he loves for you to
wallow in guilt he loves for you to be
drawn back into your past continually as
if you were fighting against the time
instead of sailing really forward toward
toward God and so those accusations that
heavy weight of guilt you can let that
go yours now turned in the right
direction you're turned in the direction
God wants you to be turned in and you
don't have to look back you don't have
to look back over your shoulder if there
are people you hurt you should ask for
forgiveness if they're things you made
wrong you can try and make them right
but you do not have to wallow in the
pain of what you did you can actually be
looking forward into the future and just
let it go and so that's the answer those
are those you know those videos that
were taken of you are instruments of the
accuser but your life is in God's hands
and your life is going in the right
direction now and and that's all really
all that matters that is what God is all
about so here I have two questions that
I put together and the reason is a lot
of there's no not a lot of reaction to
my discussion with the Catholic priest
father Michael about homosexuality a lot
of people writing to me taking issue
with me some of them all of most of them
being really nice about it but
explaining why they feel that
homosexuality is a sin per se and I'm
gonna explain my attitude toward this
because a lot of times I feel people get
my attitude wrong they don't actually
hear what I actually said so far I have
found all of their arguments really
convincing in the sense that they can
have convinced me of something that I
already believed which is that the
center of
is is a marriage between a man and woman
this produces a child that is the center
of human existence that is what all
human existence swirls around every city
we build every piece of technology is
built to protect that essential act that
we that continues the human race I
really do believe that but no one has
quite convinced me that homosexuality
isn't necessarily a sin per se that just
to be in a homosexual or relationship
with someone you love is necessarily
against God and certainly is whether
it's you know some kind of mortal sin I
guess would be the word so here's two
questions that come in that I think are
really good questions and kind of the
same question but both worth hearing
from Adam 'dear mr. Cleavon then he
writes because there he was making fun
of the fact that there are no ease in
Clavin but there is no ease it's not
easy being Clavin just remember that if
you feel homosexual sex is permissible
to strengthen the bond of love between
two men and women would you say the same
for sex between two siblings or a parent
in a child who desired an incestuous
relationship and if not then by what
logic or moral authority would you deny
it to them Thanks love the show and the
other is from Caleb who says dear king
of the multiverse Clavin which is of
course my proper title as someone who
has struggled with pornography what is
the difference between me and someone
who is living a homosexual lifestyle you
said that homosexuality was not the
intended use of human sexuality but
could serve another purpose in people's
lives my contention is that the same
could be said for pornography which is
not the intention of human sexuality but
could also be construed to have a
benefit for an individual so everybody
asking essentially if I'm okay with gay
sex what is my moral reasoning for not
permitting every other thing and
obviously in there they're not asking
about the obvious ones like like you
know abusing animals or abusing children
where they can't be any consent now but
my position is there to think there are
two issues here one is that in terms of
religion one is in terms of law right my
position in terms of religion has always
been I simply have no cause to have an
opinion about this I am never going to
commit a home
sexual act it's not a desire I don't
have I don't have to worry about this so
why am i sitting in church when Jesus
has said to me you know before you take
the mote out of your neighbors I take
the plank out of your own eye when I am
purely and completely convinced that
there are so many planks in my own eye
that I could build a small cabin with
them maybe a large cabin why am I
worrying about a sin that I will never
commit I mean I simply don't don't know
why I would secondly because in in the
case of a loving committed lifelong
relationship between two people in the
same sex
I can't see any harm that is done to
society necessarily because of that the
only way I could see it being as sin as
if it turns you away from God now how
would I know if that's what it does if
there's no crime committed how would I
know since I'm never going to commit it
and haven't committed whether that turns
any individual person away from God I
think it's exactly that that Jesus is
talking about when he says judge not
lest ye be judged he is saying the way
you were not supposed to judge is
whether somebody has turned in the
direction of God now obviously if
someone is committing a crime that's
different if somebody's hurting other
people and hurting themselves that's
different but in this case I do not see
how without committing the act or
wanting to commit the act I can know
what it isn't I don't know why I should
I don't know why I should bother I don't
understand why my purpose here is not
just to love my neighbor and love God so
that's that's where I stand on this in
terms of the law okay when you say we
talk about something being permissible
the question is who permits who is going
to permit it and then you have the
question of whether you want the police
to be able to arrest somebody for being
a homosexual and no I do not I do not
want that to happen
I you know that could happen when I was
young yeah I do not think it was a good
thing I do not think the lives of
artists and thinkers and you know all
the things that gay people contribute to
the society workers and everybody else I
do not think that they should be hounded
by the law for having homosexual
relationships so if you're talking about
something being permissible that's what
permissible means and I do not want that
it is true I don't think the government
should have that power to govern our sex
life anybody's sex life and you know
with marriage my whole problem with
marriages I feel that the marriage that
we're trying to protect which is the
marriage is defined by the church ended
that marriage is an institution ended
when we allowed no-fault divorce and I
think the minute you have no-fault
divorce that marriage as a sacrament was
over Jesus was very clear about this
that marriage was a sacrament is over
and it just seems small to then say oh
yeah we ruined this thing we're only
pretending it's still a sacrament but
gay people can't come in because then we
won't be able to pretend anymore there
just seems hypocritical today so that's
that is my problem there but in terms of
the law then you have to say well if the
law can it cannot stop people from
having gay sex why can't it have other
stopped them from having other kinds of
sex now I would argue actually I am
actually against polygamy and that you
know polygamy is legal in many countries
I actually believe that is bad for
society bad for women bad for the
culture bad that it is within the
purview of the state to prevent it
actually is that bad it actually
deprives women of their rights how you
police it I don't know since you if you
don't marry someone you can live with as
many people as you want and so it's not
something that's like going to to worry
me very much but I do think it actually
is a bad thing for the state for for
people to be polygamists and I think
it's so bad that you can actually do
something about it I think feel the same
way about the about sex between a parent
and child I think that that is damaging
no matter how it happens in the state it
does have an interest in keeping people
from damaging one another the state has
a legitimate interest in keeping you
from damaging me and keeping me from
damaging you so again there's a
something there the one the one place
where I'm not sure you can make it a
case is with sibling incest where there
are no children because sibling incest
obviously is not that good for children
but where there are no children could
you not make a case I would do it anyway
probably because the tradition is so
strong so powerful but I suspect that if
we tear down I don't want to tear down
that fence before I know what's on the
other side it does seem like an abuse it
seems deeply you know organically
unnatural
it seems harmful to both people it seems
harmful to both parties but my argument
is weak there I totally admit it I just
think you have to go with the fact that
this is something that really resonates
as something bad but there's but other
than that
you know I think if I had to outlaw one
thing if I doubt well one sexual act if
I if I thought like there was one sexual
act but I could outlaw it would be
adultery before I would outlaw gay sex
certainly I would outlaw adultery
because I think adultery leaves more
people damaged than any other sexual act
there is but I wouldn't outlaw that
either from Melinda dear Andrew the wise
how do I know when God is trying to tell
me something versus me just interpreting
things wrong how do I know when God has
spoken to me thanks
then Christianese they call this
discernment and it's it's it's difficult
but not impossible
you want to be careful of great sweeping
waves of certainty that come over you as
as revelation I really am suspicious of
those but when something comes to you
you know what I have found is that when
something comes to me and I look at it
for long enough and I study at light of
what I know about the Gospels and the
light of prayer and I pray about it all
this stuff what happens is the logic of
it unfolds to me and I see why it's good
I can act I with my reason can see why
it's good I couldn't get there by myself
but once it's put into my hand I say oh
yeah obviously this is the right thing
to do and it's almost always incredibly
obvious once I I do it so you know you
are allowed to use your reason if
somebody is you know whispering in your
ear that may not be God so there's
nothing wrong with losing a reason to to
discern whether you were looking at the
Word of God your reason is what connects
you to God in my opinion from
Christopher Clavin huh recently someone
I was watching over committed suicide
there were signs that I saw that I
didn't necessarily acknowledge as 100%
factual I feel the blame on myself what
I thought was the right thing to do
turned out to be the wrong thing how
would you deal with his overwhelming
guilt well let me tell you something I
you know I know you feel bad I know
you're going to feel bad but I have
dealt with suicidal people a lot and
having gone through a very brief period
where I struggled with this myself in my
youth I started volunteering for
hotlines and different kinds of hotlines
I've talked to many people who are
suicidal the decision to commit suicide
is in the hands
of the person who does it it has never
ever ever your fault I mean obviously
it's your fault if you're torturing them
or something like that but out but a
person's life is in their own hands and
when a person commits suicide it is on
them and I'm not saying you know I'm not
saying what the judgment on that is in
the next world there's none of my
business I'm just saying that this is
something that people is a person's
responsibility a person's life is his
own responsibility that is the very
basic tenet of conservatism that you
were responsible for yourself and I'm
sorry this happened that I know that you
know anytime somebody dies anytime
somebody commits suicide everybody
around them feels like what could I have
done and what you know what should I
have done
did I say this when I should have said
that did I go there when I could have
gone there you know that happens to in
every suicide one of the best reasons
not to commit suicide is you leave a
terrible mess for the people who love
you you leave them feeling terrible you
leave you know just absolute ruin behind
you but it is on you it is on the person
who who does the act and you're just
gonna have to come to terms with that
because there's no if somebody wants to
kill themselves there is nothing you can
do in the long run if someone is
determined to kill himself there is
nothing you can do from Christian dear
supreme leader of the multiverse I
answer to that name when discussing the
value of religion with any skeptics they
often tell me that organized religion is
and always has been a way to control
people I recognize that to some degree
this is historically true but know that
religion is so much more than that what
do you recommend the proper response so
this is keep up the great work you know
actually I don't accept the premise
people have used religion to control
people but that doesn't mean that
organized religion is a way to control
people um this is this is a mistake that
people make that they say like oh you
know people just need religion to keep
from doing the wrong thing because they
get threatened with hell or whatever
people there are religious people who
use religion to control people just as
there are leftist people who use leftism
to control people and right-wingers too
who use I mean they're people people who
want
control over other people they're really
only two these are the two kinds of
people besides men and women you can
divide people into those who want to
control other people and those who don't
but obviously obviously religion is a
way of coming to terms with the
metaphysical I mean that's what it's
always been
they didn't invent a religion thinking
hmm you know how are we going to control
people they came to think this is the
way that the world is made you know this
is the way the world is now you know
again sometimes I think that people the
people involved in religion have thought
to themselves like you know Plato or
what stories were going to tell to
people to keep them afraid or what
stories are we going to tell to people
to make them good but I do not think
that that is the role of religion in
history it's not it's never been the
role of religion and history people you
know if you read the letters of st. Paul
some of the things he's saying how to
keep the church in line but but he is
trying to work out this tremendous event
that happened and what does it mean and
what is God telling us and what is
happening that we should know about and
that is what religion has always been
and this notion this kind of Marxist
notion that religion is the opiate of
the people it really comes from an
old-fashioned understanding of religion
though the religion has rarely been the
opiate of the people certainly in the
West it has been a comfort and a guide
and a way of finding values and it has
shaped the entire outlook of the West to
this incredible civilization that we
have today to make it this incredible
civilization they have today I think the
people that you're arguing with are
confusing the people involved in
religion who are going to be like the
people involved and everything else
they're going to do the wrong things
with what religion itself is and so that
puts the responsibility on them to look
at religion as a guide to truth and deal
with those truths and and the
ramifications of those truths were not
accepting them all right I got to stop
tickety-boo news
funny it's hitting here in this bear
office in the middle of Austin I see my
little you know logos going by I feel
faraway and kind of lonely you know I
just want to I'm gonna end with
tickety-boo news that goes back to what
we've been talking about the latest
Rasmus muscle reports national telephone
and online survey finds that just
fourteen percent of likely u.s. voters
believe that James Comey was a better
FBI director than most of those who held
the job before him 38% say he did a
worse job than his predecessors while
nearly as many 35 percent rate his job
performance as about the same as theirs
14 percent are under five this decided
but even but the thing that is
absolutely amazing is that 46% of all
voters believe Comey should be
prosecuted for leaking information to
the media at the time he was director of
the FBI in Oklahoma's whole self-serving
story about how I had to leak
information before I was fired so that
you know so that the truth would come
out and there would be a special counsel
and he got his special counsel 46
percent which is a plurality of the
people asked believed that he should be
prosecuted for that leak of information
at the time he was director of the FBI
the math doesn't add up he says he
didn't leak any classified information
but the math doesn't add up because he
leaked a number of of net of memos and
some of those memos were classified and
for him to have leaked as many memos as
he did he must have leaked some
classified information
really interesting my point being the
reason I call the stickety-boo news is
because all these people virtuous
signaling especially call me but also
stormy Daniels all these people
virtually signaling telling us that they
are our heroes are not getting away with
it and I think that that is a really
really good thing I think that that's a
wonderful telling a telling a fact that
maybe tells us that we are not going
down the drain as often as people tell
us as quickly as people tell us we are I
hope that is the truth so tomorrow I've
got another interview with a theologian
discussing this homosexuality thing
again asking
some of the same questions we'll see if
you like his answers any better be there
I will still be broad kami Brock no I'll
be broadcasting from California come
back tomorrow
so that will be nice to see everybody
it's I'm Andrew Clavin this is the
Andrew Clavin show and I will see you
then the Andrew Clavin show is produced
by Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover technical producer Austin Stevens
edited by Alex zingaro audio is mixed by
Mike kameena hair and makeup is by
Jesuit vera and our animations are by
Cynthia Angulo and Jacob Jackson the
Andrew Clavin show is a daily wire for
word publishing production copyright for
word publishing 2018
