who's the third guy and he says the
third guy is Sean Hannity and apparently
there is an audible gasp in the
courtroom and the media goes battle here
is Sean Hannity explaining his
relationship to Michael Cohen's Cup 13
Michael Cole never represented me in any
legal matter
I never retained his services I never
received an invoice I never paid Michael
Cohen for legal fees I did have
occasional brief conversations with
Michael Kohn he's a great attorney about
legal questions I had or I was looking
for input and perspective my discussions
with Michael Kohn never rose to any
level that I needed to tell anyone that
I was asking him questions and to be
absolutely clear they never involved any
matter Andy sorry to disappoint so many
matter between me or third party a third
groups at all and are my questions
exclusively almost focused on real
estate I said many times on my radio
show I hate the stock market I prefer
real estate Michael knows real estate so
in response to all the wild speculation
I want to set the record straight here
tonight
I never asked Michael Kohn to bring this
proceeding on my behalf I have no
personal interest in this legal matter
so all over TV they're calling for him
to resign and slinging insults at him
Alan Dershowitz was on his show and
really I have to say I was really coming
off really well and said this to him
this is what Dershowitz told Sean
Hammond I really think that you should
have disclosed your relationship with
Cohan when you talked about him on this
show you could have said just that you
had asked them for advice or whatever
but I think it would have been much much
better had you disclosed that
relationship you were in the nature of
it professor I'm going to deal with us
later each I understand it was minimal I
understand but he should have said that
and that would have been fair to say
that it was minimal I was lying on a
tough position because a you had to talk
about Colin and B you didn't want the
fact that you had spoken to him to be
revealed and you had the right father
why not I have the right to privacy
right I do you know it's a complex
situation when you spend with social
Alton I think it was such a minor
relationship in terms you should have
said had to do with real estate and
nothing political I understand that good
advice from an honest guy but but it's
tactical advice you'd do it so you look
like you're you know that you're
guiltless you don't do it because you
have to or because it's a conflict of
interest if what strong Hannity says is
true and I'm sure it is if what he says
is true there is no conflict of interest
and as John Nolte wrote brilliantly
today we just saw we just saw James
Comey interviewed about his
investigation to Hillary Clinton by the
man George Stephanopoulos who said to
Hillary Clinton I love you Hillary and
was her operative I mean they're all
Democrat operatives and so Nolte is
saying let us now have the Sean Hannity
standard where every single person who
covers the news has to reveal his
connections did did Barack Obama go to
Martha radishes wedding yes he did she
has to reveal that so he says no he says
now we got to have the Sean Hannity
standard but Hannity should stand fast
he should I'm sure he will he's a rock
about stuff like this he should not
apologize there's no point apologizing
