as the leftist tears downpour in ters
its sixth day Democrats have embraced
the rain dance
according to left-wing outlet voxcom
modern witches are creating rituals to
foster activism in the wake of Justice
Cavanaugh's confirmation to the Supreme
Court we will analyze Democrats diamond
craft and cultic symbolism more broadly
in politics then Kanye totally kills it
in the Oval Office pc mobs tell us to
stop calling the mobs or else and boxes
Jane Koston joins to discuss civility
finally the mailbag I'm Michael Knowles
and this is the Michael Nolt show
oh so much to get to we have way too
much to get to not enough time let's
jump right in and make a little money
honey with the zip recruiter zip recruit
you know them you know zip recruiter
thank goodness if recruiter wasn't
around when I showed up here at the door
a starving out-of-work actor a blank
book author not a penny to my name
unfortunately we didn't have a zip
recruiter then now we have a zip
recruiter so we hire only the most
qualified candidates zip recruiter is
fabulous there are job sites that sends
you to tons of the wrong resumes to sort
through that's not smart there are job
sites that make you wait for the right
candidates to just find you through I
don't know magic that's not smart what
zip recruiter does is you post a job -
zip recruiter it will go out and help
you find the candidates it will send
them over to you that's why zip
recruiter is rated number one by
employers in the u.s. it actively
invites people to apply in this rating
by the way the number one in the u.s.
comes from hiring sites on trust pilot
with over 1000 reviews this is the way
to do it go - zipper Rooter zip
recruiter com /m k s this is the way to
find qualified candidates right now you
can try it for free at the exclusive web
address pull over your car and write it
down
zip recruiter dot-com /m K s go do it go
right now go I'm waiting
zip recruiter comm slash MKS one more
time one more time for good measure zip
recruiter comm /m k s Kanye was in the
Oval Office this morning this was such a
what I can't look I wish I could turn
off my show today and we just watched
the Kanye press or the whole thing and
we still wouldn't have enough time we'd
still have to do another show tomorrow
it is so phenomenally good it is one of
these things you watch it you just I
know some conservatives are still doer
and pessimistic for some reason watching
this and just imagine you today telling
you three years ago that this would be
happening but the biggest pop star in
the world the biggest popular musician
probably on planet earth would be
wearing a Maggie hat in the Oval Office
talking about how great the Republican
administration is and making fun of
liberals with that language you wouldn't
believe it but it's happening it's how
you know we're living in the matrice a
matrix rather with that further ado
Kanye West's take it away and that's
one of the moves that I love that
liberals tried to do the liberal would
try to control a black person through
the concept of racism because they know
that we are very proud of motional
people so when I said I like Trump to
like someone that's liberal they'll say
oh but these races you think racism can
control me
Oh an invisible what question we don't
go to another question I answered this
which I don't answer question it's a
simple sign soundbite you you are
tasting a fine wine it has multiple
don't you doing it you better play 40
chess with me like a Minority Report
oh I'm tasting a fine wine - mm-hmm
that's the fine wine from MSNBC in the
media melting down and I love it by the
way these guys remember Kanye West said
he and Trump have dragon energy they're
like they really do they do share
something together watching them sit
across from each other in the Oval
Office it's like seeing double if I were
a lefty and I went in there I wanted to
go get Donald Trump I wouldn't know
which one to shoot I'd say oh no which
is the real Trump
I can't there they're like such similar
people and they have such the the same
approach when you go out there and you
say you try to shame them you try to get
them to change their mind you try to get
them to stop saying what they want to
say they just flat-out say no they'll
double down on what they're saying you
know Kanye West said you think that by
using the word racist you can control my
actions use it well ain't gonna happen I
was talking last week about how rapists
is the new racist it's just the way that
the left tries to control you and
pressure you into cow telling - there
will it used to be they call perfectly
good people racists with no evidence now
they're calling them rapists with no
evidence and some squishy conservatives
they say oh no I don't want them I oh I
don't want MSNBC to call me something
bad no no Donald Trump he don't care
Kanye West he don't care they're sitting
there in this room arms crossed come at
me so beautiful he got so much pushback
what did he do he tightened his mag a
cap on his head and he stirred he's
going out there saying you know what
liberals do like he's doing a stand-up
routine absolutely beautiful stuff by
the way he's there on the day of signing
the
the MMA the what is the I forget the
actual title of a music Modernization
Act it is which is a very important
piece of legislation by the way and it's
good that he's here for that as well and
only this administration could have
gotten that through with the Republican
Congress and Senate we'll get to that in
a second but he's there just fielding
questions
he cannot be pressured he cannot be
forced to say some view that he doesn't
hold MSNBC CNN the mainstream media they
are furious about that
open up your tumblers and let the good
times roll I'm doing this for everybody
who's watching us who turned their
volume down you can put it back up
against that but if you think you're
going to get a sawed filet by play and
political analysis you're not because
that was an assault on our white house
we're not we're not
we can't analyze some of that stuff that
was said as we warned you at the top
there was a little profanity we there
was actually more than you heard we were
able to bleep some of it out but there
was some of it did make it in there that
was crazy
that was all of a sudden now the left
there they're clutching their pearls
about profanity
they hate profanity these are people the
left airs PSAs of little children
screaming the f-word scream all of these
things they have slut walks every every
big sign that they post is F this and F
Trump and F that that's all they okay he
he they all giggle now they clutch their
pearls he said Kanye West might have
said a swear word in the Oval Office
just Google Lyndon Johnson cussing
Lyndon Johnson cursing listen to what
Lyndon Johnson said in the Oval Office
I'll tell you his language was a lot
saltier than Kanye West's how about Bill
Clinton what did so we're talking about
when Kanye West said in the Oval Office
when we think back on people degrading
the Oval Office what did Bill Clinton do
in the Oval Office you know you know how
I'm you know I like cigars for instance
I'm a cigar fan a cigar enthusiast and
they say sometimes a cigar is just a
cigar well for mister Clinton sometimes
the cigar is not just a cigar and
sometimes it's not just a cigar in the
freaking Oval Office you hacks you
hypocrites open up the tumblers a gun is
in what they're really a
set about is that it's not just a racial
thing though there is a racial component
they're upset that a prominent black man
is now a Republican is supporting a
Republican administration they're also
upset that a celebrity is supporting a
Republican
they're also upset that a young person
is supporting Republic they're also
upset that a musician is support it's a
perfect storm and they are all they're
all Alyssa Milano's they're all these
little kind of doughy white people
Melissa Milano is not doughy but she is
her intellect is at least a little
bloated and she's and they say make
Kanye Kanye again Kanye he's not allowed
to say these things he's in what does he
do he tightens that Magga cap even
tighter
absolutely beautiful stuff well we're
gonna have to talk about this with Jane
coast and when she comes on cuz the left
is furious the narrative is breaking
down what MSNBC is saying they said you
probably had your your TV on mute no no
no you had your TV on mute MSNBC we were
all watching and you wish we had our TV
on mute they're saying no there until
the Wizard of Oz no no don't don't look
over don't look at the man behind the
curtain
no no don't believe you're a lyin eyes
sorry I saw it I saw it love it we've
got a we've got to move on unfortunately
because there's so much to get to
they're actually the Democrats are now
admitting that they're practicing
witchcraft yeah I like the voice of one
crying out in the wilderness right now I
was calling this last week another
admitting yeah we practiced witchcraft
before we get to that I've got to thank
bamboo HR let's make a little more money
honey I know this you know it I'm trying
to make this day even better you've got
Kanye becoming a huge Republican you've
got Democrats admitting that they're
witches and now I just want a little
money to make it perfect and I can help
you make some money because bamboo HR
manages all of your employee data and
automates the countless tasks you have
to deal with if you own a small or
medium-sized business if you work in HR
you know how crazy it can be look you
can imagine working with me HR is a top
concern for people and so oh I'm sorry
my phone is ringing I know this is real
I'm sorry this is why we need HR is
because of accidents like this we we got
to call up our HR manager
if you work in HR if you work with me
you need a lot of HR it's very important
and people don't want to deal with it
they don't want to deal with the
spreadsheets the time off to manage
things that never-ending paperwork the
countless random employee issues the
stress is huge let bamboo HR make it
easy
it's totally intuitive no long-term
contracts or commitments right now
bamboo HR is giving my listeners a
special extended free trial instead of
their standard 7-day trial you can try
out bamboo HR for a full 14 days bamboo
HR dot-com / cough FAC o VF e fe for
this exclusive extended free trial
bamboo HR com / cough fa Co V Fe Fe
limited time offer only available now do
it quickly before you get sued or
something you know because you've got an
employee like me who one of the best
things I do is leave the telephone on
bamboo HR calm / go FFA co v fe fe
bamboo HR calm / co FFA before we bring
on Jane I have to read you this article
from Vox that's actually from Jane's
publication Jaime Coast and I will say
something nice about her she is
certainly the most reasonable person at
fox comm that's why we talk that's why
I'm having her on the show and actually
I read Vox all the time because it
presents honestly the left-wing point of
view and they're being really really
honest today they have this this piece
out we refuse to be silent any longer
magic as self-care after Kavanagh and I
actually managed to infiltrate a recent
Democrat strategy meeting I got to go
down there I got to bring a camera and I
got to see firsthand how the Democrats
are retooling your strategy through the
midterms by the pricking of my thumb's
Something Wicked This Way Comes
so those under cold stone days nights at
31 where children are sleeping got boil
thou first in the carnage of liver of
blaspheming you all of the transcripts
of you come to you fight that's what you
profess howe'er you come to know it
answer me to what I asked you
answer me Diane Feinstein that last one
was Diane Feinstein there if you
couldn't see it was I think this shot
was mostly from the back of her head but
that was Dianne Feinstein so this is how
the article goes quote modern-day
witches are creating rituals to foster
solidarity activism and healing it goes
on first take a candle then pour some
salt into your hand then keeping the
grains in your palm take a pen to write
out a thank you to christine Blasi ford
the woman whose allegations
uncorroborated evidence-free frequently
contradicted and refuted allegations of
sexual assault against Supreme Court
nominee and now justice Brett Kavanaugh
stunned a nation or if you prefer simply
say I believe you it's just one of the
many quasi religious rituals circulating
the internet particularly pagan and
hashtag resistance circles I love that
they can flake those two you know the
pagan and the resistance circles that
were similar in the wake of Cavan was
confirmation these rituals helped
self-identified witches process trauma
anger and grief now I will tell you
something I have always appreciated the
political philosophical you of Exodus 20
to 18 now shalt not suffer a witch to
live a hit long appreciated that and I
told you this I we were talking about
this just a couple days ago leftism can
rise to the level of religion and these
days it really seems to have risen to
the level of religion and not good
religion you know I will point out
because they go this thing goes on and
on they people describing the rituals as
a vital spiritual solidarity and and it
also goes on to talk about the twenty
percent of Americans who identify as
spiritual but not religious for whom
rituals can provide a framework for
finding meaning and trauma or pain you
know I talk often about spiritual but
not religious it is just fertile ground
for this kind of religion everybody's
got to serve somebody and for the
atheists who are watching conservative
atheists conservative agnostics I just
want to point out atheists always a
atheists always get this wrong in
agnostics I think kind of missed the
point here too which is when they say oh
it's so silly religion is so silly oh
it's so it's so ridiculous it's
superstition some some things can be
superstition but religion here's in
every human society throughout all of
history since the dawn of time perhaps
that tells us something about the human
condition
perhaps that tells us something not just
about our own condition and our own
longings but the satisfaction of our
longings which exists in the
metaphysical and the spiritual world
perhaps it tells us that because
everybody's got to serve somebody you
know the the piece goes on it says
describing their meditation and
ritualistic process yoga teacher Laura
Kelleher told Vox
as a non-binary gender fluid person I'm
focusing on integrating my own feminine
and masculine aspects and moreover the
abusive and abused parts of my psyche
okay but by the way this means Matt
Walsh was right - they said that Yoga is
just paganism and Satanism it's it is is
witchcraft you know a mayor Bolshevik
Bolshevik Bill DeBlasio in New York he
signed a bill today saying that there's
now a third gender on birth certificates
male-female in 2x that's witchcraft
that's hocus pocus that is superstition
there are two sexes we know that there
are two sexes and there are there is
there are men there are women there are
men who think that they're women there
are women who think that they're men and
there is a small number of people for
whom their sex is a little ambiguous
they might have an extra X chromosome
they might have ambiguous genitalia
abside total that's a real thing of
course that's a real thing but that's
not a third gender that's a combination
of two that's the idea that there is
some third sex or gender that is a
fiction that is witchcraft the Emmis
religion of leftism gets worse and worse
we'll before I bring Jane on I just I
have to show you this remember that guy
the one who kicked the pro-life woman at
that rally he there caught onto YouTube
they're calling him cock Norris bee
kissy you know Chuck Norris would
roundhouse kick people and this guy is
you know not the manliest
man so they're calling him Chuck Norris
anyway you might remember him 16 year
old think you should keep it it's a baby
if someone is raped and she gave birth
and she decided to kill her
three-year-old child so did you if you I
didn't notice this the first couple
times he's wearing a pentagram on his
neck he's wearing the sign of Satan on
his neck that's no coincidence do we
think that's really a key my toe it's
just a sign that he likes you know what
it's a very specific sign oh it's no big
deal well if it's no big deal why is he
wearing it and why are all of these
hysterical mobs focused around one thing
the the fictitious constitutional right
to kill a baby you notice this guy kicks
this woman because she was at a pro-life
rally all of the Cavanaugh hullabaloo
all of the witchcraft that Fox is
talking about in the wake of Cavanaugh
is about the fictitious constitutional
right to kill an unborn baby
it's about Roe vs. Wade maybe that's not
a coincidence
maybe that's because ideas do have
consequences little decisions little in
decisions have major consequences if you
if you trace bad ideas back far enough
you get to the devil that's it you know
you got to go back pretty far for some
of them but you do get to the lies you
get to the father of lies and that that
cultic aspect is hard to ignore you have
to almost willfully ignore it but I do I
really appreciate Vox this is why I read
box all the time because they do provide
very honest perspectives for honest
left-wing perspectives that you're not
going to get anywhere else and the best
person at Fox you all know the best
person who box is Jane Koston who I have
on now Jane do we have you we do Jane
thank you for coming on I appreciate it
I was recent I was just going through
did you see that article on box today
about the witchcraft in the wake of
Brett Kavanaugh I did I did that was
from Tara Burton who writes a lot about
religion it's interesting because I
think that a lot of her work works on
she ties talked a lot about the Vatican
and the recent crisis in the Catholic
Church and I think it's particularly
challenging because when we talk about
religion here we're talking about
a lot of different religions so I think
it's interesting that she's able to
write so effectively across a wide swath
oh yeah I really like the piece I think
people should go read it I liked another
there was one at allottee awhile ago
on on the celtic imagery in that ariana
grande video and it was this terrific
piece written by a self-described witch
and I think a lot of people on the left
and the right don't they don't
appreciate religious symbolism because a
lot of people are religiously illiterate
now you are not religiously illiterate
and you have you have some common ground
with conservatives or you at least have
an understanding of some aspects of
conservatism which I think makes you
unique in many ways so I want your
perspective on this completely changing
gears here Hillary Clinton within the
last couple days has said that the time
for civility is over we can't be civil
we're gonna be civil once the Democrats
retake the government Eric Holder said
forget about Michelle Obama's when they
go low we go high when they go low we're
gonna kick them right in the face
what say you both the perspective on
civility from the left and broadly for
the whole country well I think from the
left we have to recognize that the left
is responding to this phenomenon at
which the right has basically been
saying why are you kicking yourself why
are you kicking yourself while you're
picking yourself for three years and no
do you think the right has been uncivil
I think the right has been on civil yes
I think everyone involved has been
uncivil and I'm operating entirely in
good faith here I think that the same
people you know I think that it's
complicated and I talk about this a lot
how when we talk about the right or the
left we need to be really careful in our
terms because I think that we run the
risk of conflating David French at
National Review with someone writing at
Breitbart when we vote we all know that
those are not the same thing different
we're not - yeah right different
perspectives there's you know we're not
talking about noah rothman at commentary
and versus like someone getting
aggregated at twitchy these are
different things in a different
conceptualization of what the right is
so I think that first and foremost it's
important to kind of get at our terms
here because I think what
Clinton and holder and others are
responding to this idea that you know I
remember that that was that kind of meme
of 2015-2016 about Trump the but he
fight that you know Trump accusing Ted
Cruz's father of being the killer of JFK
was just raising questions
he was just raising you just raise your
question you know nothing happened to
him and you saw again and again that you
know everyone made fun of Jeb Bush
because basic you know called him a kook
because he wasn't like Trump and this
idea that Trump won on the basis of
fighting and on the basis of just
feeling willing to insult people and
insulting Ted Cruz's wife and insulting
Hillary Clinton and this idea that okay
well that seemed to work and now you're
seeing I think some people on the Left
say like all right well I mean I think
that that's what you're kind of but
Michael Ivan Eddie is a logical
presidential candidate because he's just
this terrible right right but you know
and I totally grant you Donald Trump
fought very hard against his Republican
primary opponents and against Hillary
Clinton
but you remember Hillary Clinton called
half the country deplorable and
irredeemable
and this wasn't and and I'm not even
that concerned about political rhetoric
per se because both sides can get nasty
both sides can fight what I'm talking
about though is since President Trump
won you've got elected Democrats Maxine
Waters say go out there find Republicans
where they eat where they sleep go to
their homes
you know harass them in public I don't
think that we have seen a similarity on
the right I actually don't think that
there's moral equivalence here I think
that it's challenging because again
we're working with our definitions of
like who gets to be counted on the right
because I know that if I bring up unite
the right and Charlotte's bill you will
rightly say like those aren't
conservatives yell Richard Spencer they
say that they're not conservatives they
say that their alternative and then and
then you'll see like David Duke when he
was that unite the right was like I'm
here because of Donald Trump and
understandably conservatives would be
aquo that's no that's not on us that's
not a part of us but those guys joined
surely there's a difference but
Wayne David Duke and Richard Spencer and
the you know now I think what has
atrophied to the five people in their
basements who call themselves
alternative right down from 200 or 300
to Maxine Waters who's an elected
Democrat and who's been an office
forever
yeah and Steve King is also an elected
Republican and again like we could keep
going back and forth and I think that
that bit Kings never called for violence
never called for public harassment I
think that when you're talking about
someone like Steve King or you're
talking about this concept of like who's
promoting violence and who isn't
promoting violence I think that it's
important first I want to say at the top
that promoting violence is bad it's a
bad idea someone like drives into a
building because code sense I think I
just want to be here on the record say
please don't drive into a building but I
want to be cleared that there is a sense
that I think a lot of people not have
this idea that you know when there's a
lock her up chance at a rally which
obviously features non-violence to be
perfectly clear I think there's a sense
like why can these people get away with
something and we can't get away with
something when no one should be getting
away with it
but the locker the locker up chant is
asking why Hillary Clinton is allowed to
get away with something as well right
which is why is she allowed to get away
with mishandling federal records why she
lied to get away with wiping or servers
why is she allowed to go away with this
and that I'm not I'm not defending it
though I do defend the locker up chin
I'm just saying there is a difference
between that and saying go go to Hillary
Clinton's home where she sleeps and kick
her out of restaurants I think that
there is a sense that there is no how
best to put this I think that for some
people on the left there is a sense that
the degradation of how people see
politics and the personalization of
politics means that they're an idea that
yo if you see Ted Cruz that's the same
Ted Cruz who is you know making fun of
mineral work for pointing up the the
murder of both of Jean and a twitter ad
you know that the personalization of
politics means that people yo you you
see Ted Cruz you're not seeing Ted Cruz
eating dinner you're seeing Ted Cruz
that politician and I think that there
is a sense on the left and I think
someone on the right in a little bit but
it's a jerk I think it's a different
conceptualization that the
personalization of politics means that
political figures it's not you know a
lot of people have criticized this
because you see pictures of Michelle
Obama and George W Bush together and
they've talked a lot about how they have
this really enjoyable friendship and
people get very mad about this I'm going
to write on the left because there's
that you know that old 5vs5 thing that
everyone kind of clocks in we yell at
each other we clock out we go back to
hang again which in some ways is
actually kind of how it should work a
little bit but for a lot of people on
both sides there's a sense like no no we
this is a fight death you know you see
people who would start longing for the
return of the civil war which no one
should long because of the Civil War
thing like well the red states have more
guns or like well we do have more guys I
mean there's no question about that I
think that yo won the Civil War was bad
and we should do it again but also the
purchased means that you know people
when someone is sending Maxine Waters or
someone sending Cory Gardner death
threats you're not sending a person
death threats you're sending this
political entity who's not a real person
well I think of it I do want to point
out on the personalization of politics
though cuz I agree with you entirely I
despise the personalization of politics
I will point out just as an historical
point it was the new left that adopted
this mantra in the 1960s the personal is
the political the political is the
personal there were the second wave
feminists but much more broadly than
second wave feminists and I don't know I
think you're seeing the fruit of that
today it but I do want to know also
because when I look at the you know
where the Democratic Party is going i I
don't know I have my own skewed
perspective you know I don't think I've
referred to Elizabeth Warren without
calling her liya Wafaa in the last two
years so I want to know from your
perspective where do you think it's
gonna go or is it going to be some
belligerent Michael avenatti you know
guy who just makes things up and
challenges people to mixed martial arts
fights or
are you going to get a more I don't know
I actually don't even really know who
them who are the moderate or centrist
Democrat would be I guess Joe Biden
would be maybe the closest where is it
going to go and as we head through the
midterms and into 2020 well I think that
it's complicated because you know if we
think back to 2014
people were not exactly talking about a
Donald Trump presidential run until we
get to do that you know the June 2015 a
skater moment right but I think that
what you're seeing on the ground right
now is that the number one issue that
Democrats are running on isn't Trump
it's not Russia its health care and
you're seeing that in state after state
after state after state and you know
I'll talk specifically about say the
state of Michigan state of Michigan is a
really interesting example because you
have the Democrats going really hard on
the issue of criminal justice because
they're pointing out the fact that Larry
Nasser one of the worst sexual abusers
in American history right who abused
hundreds of children essentially you
know a lot of Democrats are kind of
saying like clearly Republicans who are
in charge in Lansing we're not able to
get a handle on this issue or on the
Flint water issue so I think what you're
going to see more is its increased you
know I think services will love it
because it's a return to federalism
increase the Localism in politics
because you're seeing yo in Ohio in
Wisconsin in Minnesota in Michigan a lot
of these states you're seeing people
saying you know I don't really can't you
know Trump Russia whatever that's fun I
want to talk about this specific issue
you saw that in Virginia last year in
the special election where you had
candidates who were running for the
Virginia House talking about like I have
nothing to say about Trump all I care
about is this traffic issue and they win
because it turns out that when you live
in the state of Virginia you care a lot
about traffic and so I'm you know I'm
not sure what that's going to result in
in terms of a 20/20 nominee because I
have gotten out of the business of
trying to predict what is going to
happen eventual domination but I do
think that Democrats on the ground are
really going with it okay what are
people actually worried about not like I
think that there's a sense that you know
there's like what we get riled up about
on Twitter there are people who are fake
worried about things
and then there are people you know I
think you know when I was before I came
to Vox you know I was paying for my own
and my spouse's own health care and that
was a that's a major concern for
millions of people I was really
concerned about housing issues because
you know I live in the city of DC Fifi's
very expensive for housing and it kind
of in yo when we decide to have a family
that's something we need to think about
and it is for a lot of people which is
why you're seeing housing becoming a big
electoral issue I pick in Seattle and
elsewhere well I do I do i I think I
think you're absolutely right especially
in the Twitter point which is that a
Twitter is largely fake you know it is
all of the outrage all I think that is
largely fake when it gets down to real
people I'm skeptical that we're gonna be
returning to federalism I I hope you're
right I think it would be very nice if
we do that but I think that we're
thoroughly in the bread and circuses
politics is entertainment presidential
politics is entertainment mode so but
we'll have to see I have to let you go
Jane thank you for being here we will
have to have you back all right see you
later so we have to get to mailbag
before we do that I do want to mention
very briefly the music modernization act
the music modernization act it nobody is
talking about this nobody knows what it
means I think conservatives are a little
misguided on this that is what President
Trump signed into law today all the
musicians were at the White House it
passed I think unanimously in at petaa
through Congress and the Senate as the
first bill to do that it maybe in my
lifetime you know I don't remember and
certainly in this political climate what
the music Modernization Act does is it
really helps that songwriters so it just
briefly because I think some people
think that it's the government intruding
into the market with regard to music and
music publishing and streaming it's
exactly the opposite the government has
had its heavy hand on this for so long
and I know a number of songwriters
pretty pretty well-known songwriters so
they've they've been looking into this
for years and years apparently then what
happened is in 1906 or 1907
you put the roll in and it's just starts
playing they were really upset because
they didn't want to have to pay
songwriters so they go to Papa
Uncle Sam big government and say we
don't want have to pay them a lot we
want the government to set rates we
don't want rates to be adjusted with
inflation we don't all of this right so
the producers and the publishers and the
the songwriters really get hurt with
with this now until today
another aspect of this music music
Modernization Act was that songwriters
from who published works before 1972
would just not be paid when their music
was streamed they just wouldn't get they
just got nothing sorry too bad and it
the whole regime was really messy this
bill is the biggest change to that since
1909 since the since the first decade of
the 20th century and it took a lot of
political courage the reason is no
senator no congressman wants to champion
the rights of songwriters like who cares
there's no they're kind of spread out
all over the place LA Nashville a little
bit nobody wants to be their champion
there's no political upside for them to
put their necks out for this it's a
complicated issue you don't want to
upset either record producers or this or
that and it took a lot of political
courage and a lot of songwriters are
saying Democrats were behind the bill
but only this administration could have
gotten it through only a pro-business
Pro market administration who took this
seriously and was willing to take the
political risk and the moral risk could
have gotten this through and that's what
I've been saying all week and I've been
saying it for a long time about this
administration it has real moral clarity
I don't I'm not saying the president
knows everything about this law I don't
know that he's read this law probably he
hasn't read this law but he does have
this kind of gut instinct it seems
unmoral and political clarity and I'm
glad we could see that and I'm glad that
we could also get that Konya presser out
of it too we had a lot of mailbag coming
up don't go away
but you got to go to Daley wire com if
you're on facebook and youtube head over
there you get me the Andrew Klavan show
the Ben Shapiro show guys none of this
matters this is what matters if you've
if you haven't gotten your tumblr yet
then I'm sorry that you've drowned may
the lord have mercy on your soul after
that kanye presser in the Oval Office if
you have your tumblr but you're it's
filled to the brim your
you know you're worried for your family
and your property and yourself go get
another one go to daily wired time calm
we'll be right back we're getting
through these today and you can't stop
me you can't stop me
starting with Timothy hey Michael what
is the most recent book that you have
read and what is one person that you or
what is one book that you plan to read
soon thank you you're the man no you're
the man funny you should ask what I'm
doing right now is I'm rereading Dante
rereading the comedy which is the
greatest poem ever written and it's been
nine years since I've read Dante and I
just felt like reading it again nine is
a very important number to Dante and
it's it's just the most tremendous work
of art I've ever encountered so I really
recommend that you read it if you you
can read it in translation there are few
good translations all free and the
internet and if you can if you have
Italian it's much more beautiful in
Italian if you can read it that way and
if you want you can also on the podcast
get a lecture series on the comedy so
you can read along with Electra series
coincidentally by the guy who taught me
Dante
giuseppe montolo uh it's a yale open
course that's really really good i
highly recommend it and it's in english
it's in translation so you can get that
I think that it was actually recorded
the year I studied with him
coincidentally at 2009 and but now it's
up on podcast so you can go listen to
that too I also just read I was reading
Columbus in the quest for Jerusalem by
Carol Delaney it's a really good book
I've got Gorkhas book we talked about
this book yesterday that was a lot of
fun I'm always reading a lot of books at
once so that's what I'm reading what do
I plan to read in the future I don't
know I got to get through Dante first
and then got to get back through you
know that takes a long 200 Conte so I'll
get through Dante and then let me know
if you have a good book recommend one to
me from Rodolfo hi Michael my sister and
her female partner recently decided to
have a baby after being together 13
years you need to rush out and call a
scientist you need to call the President
of the United States this is a Miss is
incredible they have been trying to do
this for all of human history and now
two women have figured out at oh no no
I'm sorry I have to read more both in
their early
her partner would be the one to conceive
the baby I opposed her decision based on
the argument that I think it's deeply
selfish to deprive a child of a father
just to fulfill their own wants legally
I think they should be able to do
whatever without the law forbidding them
what are your thoughts and how would I
go about to express my disapproval
without getting a knee-jerk reaction of
you think we shouldn't be allowed to
have babies argument that I expect
thanks love the show yes I agree with
you entirely I think it's it's deeply
selfish and wrong to conceive a baby for
the purpose of not letting it have its
father or have its mother or whatever
you know I think that's really really
profoundly wrong and they shouldn't do
that there are some options though you
know it's it we're in a very complicated
regime of in vertel in vitro
fertilization or conceiving some other
way you know this there is the
old-fashioned way and adoption because
now single parents can adopt so of
course same-sex couples can adopt it's
very convoluted also the problem with in
vitro fertilization is very often almost
all the time it necessitates the
abortion of embryos or freezing embryos
in perpetuity so you create embryos that
are not are either going to be killed or
not allowed to grow so that's a big
problem in and of itself what your
sisters could do if they want to raise a
child or your sister and her partner if
they want to raise a child that can be a
noble thing I don't think that you
should create a baby began a baby and
not let it know its father or have some
strange relationship to its father but
you know you could always your sister
could always adopt especially a foster
child in the United States or something
like 32 or 36 families waiting to adopt
for every one child but when it gets up
to or for every one infant but when it
gets up to older children it's much
harder and there are a lot of people in
the foster system there are a lot of
people in group homes a lot of people
have had to leave bad homes for bad
reasons your sister could adopt one of
them and that I think that would be
really you know taking a bad situation
of making it making it much better
you're not depriving a child of knowing
its father and knowing its mother that
the parents have deprived that child of
knowing his parents and you could you
could take a bad situation and make it
better I wouldn't I wouldn't start
though from the premise of condemnation
or of you know yelling at them or
anything like that I it's a perfectly
natural desire to raise a child and it
can be a perfectly good desire but you
don't want a good thing to be turned for
a bad purpose you want to be able to
channel that and make the best of the
situation as you can from Sarah hi
Michael I had a situation recently that
the father of one of my best friends
passed away due to cancer this friend
and her family who I have known and
loved for more than twenty years are
vehemently anti-christian very liberal
have always been because I had so much
love and affection for the man I felt
compelled to somehow convey to him my
Christian thoughts about Jesus dying for
our sins in hope for a deathbed
conversion when I visited however I
hesitated at the last minute and he died
the next day
I have felt bad ever since because I
missed my opportunity what would you
have done in this situation very hard
situation and I think a lot of
Christians feel this way when they visit
friends or relatives who are dying and
remain atheists or whatever I don't
think that it's appropriate to you know
proselytize at the very last minute and
a very heated emotional moment saint
francis said preach the gospel and if
you must speak so hopefully some of that
christian charity and virtue and grace
is reflected in your behavior and that
your friends saw that but you know you
you can never know the state of a soul
you can never know the souls
relationship to God Antonin Scalia said
before he died that he doesn't even know
if Judas Iscariot is in Hell you can
never know that you know Christ finds
people Christ comes down the mountain to
find people and then you have your free
will to turn and accept that or not so I
certainly you know maybe I don't know
it's really hard to say what I would
have done in a hypothetical situation I
don't think I would have gotten up and
proselytized maybe I would have made a
couple little remarks about you know
going up to meet your maker good maker
and all of that but I I wouldn't beat
yourself up over it I don't think that
would be appropriate your job is to
reflect the love of Christ in your
action
and to preach the gospel and you don't
necessarily have to speak from Thomas
dearest st. Michael I wrote you that's
that's very nice is the feast of st.
Michael a week or two ago I wrote to you
recently about dating these days despite
my 60-plus our work schedule you
recommend online dating or I recommended
it to you I took your advice and boy
howdy I got some dates this past weekend
I went on a second date with a woman
with a PhD in biology we got talking
about social issues it did not go well
she is a female Bernie bro with a white
girls guilty conscience about slavery I
asked some exploratory questions some
how do you define X questions and she
got triggered hardcore I saw a leftist
gathering at the court left his tier
gathering at the corner of her eye but
we hugged it out at the end so here's
the question do I keep dating her hoping
to either flip a communist or do I swipe
left on the leftist and roll the dice
again yours truly Thomas I don't know
she cute well you're gay you're getting
things really backwards here buddy I
don't know if she let's assume she is
the point on this that you should make
it everything you should really consider
is the hardcore left-wing you know
screechie no purple hat pink hat that
girl would never see you again that girl
would not even entertain she'll brought
has stormed out of the restaurant or you
know you know shrieked in your face so
if she didn't do that there's hope where
there's life there's hope and also look
I have I've supported abortion in my
life I would have called myself agnostic
or atheist
I even had a flirtation with leftism
when I was you know by eighth or ninth
grade something like that people changed
they changed their minds all the time so
there might be hope for her I was
talking I was hanging out with Fleck us
the other day Austin Fletcher you know
Fleck his talks and he had a friend of
his along and she said that she was a
Bernie bro leftist a year ago and now
she's a conservative because someone
opened her eyes so I think that's very
important especially on bio biological
and bioethical issues because I have the
people who are pro-abortion
I think they just don't see the argument
they're seeing all of the science and
they're seeing none of the philosophy
and theology they're seeing all of the
physics but none of the metaphysics so I
don't know if she's cute
take her out again if she's not you know
and you're not into it move on man yeah
that's what though this is like the one
advantage of dating apps is that you can
meet a lot of people so but I don't know
I I wouldn't I wouldn't dismiss an
open-minded or curious left-winger just
because she doesn't check all the boxes
of politics we have time for a couple
more from met Nellie oh good day mr.
opium of the masses Michael I'm a
Catholic and the rise of anti humanism
today is rather frightening some friends
of mine are advocating for one-child
policies and even going as far as to say
that we have a moral obligation to not
have children anymore
how can we fight this neo Malthusian
garbage how can we start pulling
ourselves out of this hole of anti human
narcissism thank you for an amazing
podcast greetings from South Africa say
that for a guy this is a defining
feature of the left they hate human life
it hates human life and left us to flirt
with leftism hate human life to varying
degrees the Communists that Chuck Norris
you know was totally anti human life
they talked about it they want to kill
old people with euthanasia they want to
kill babies with abortion
they're just anti human and it's because
they get everything backwards
they I've heard this from friends of
mine who are environmentalists vegan you
know that whole thing is they say Oh
global warming is so bad it's caused by
people we need less people fewer people
they say you know I'm the humans are bad
for the environment which isn't true by
the way in the history of America since
Western colonization of the Americas the
environment has improved dramatically
the natural environment for us and all
things have been drew dramatically
because the indigenous peoples burned
down whole forests it's a sidebar but
they get it backwards the the the
natural environment is here for us we
have dominion over the land and over the
sea it's here for us we tend it we tend
it as we tend to garden we are stewards
over it but it's for us don't get it
backwards this is a difference between
environmentalism and conservationism
environmentalists say that we need to
protect the environment because it has
rights and it's so beautiful in its
mother Gaia and conservationists say we
need to protect the environment so that
can enjoy it some more you know they say
we need to we need to protect the deer
so that we can keep shooting the deer
and that's a much more balanced
perspective so I think that I think one
way is to mock it because it's not that
environmentalism doesn't have a good
point it's just that it gets everything
out of balance it has no sense of humor
it has no sense of the natural balance
of the world which is true so much in
leftism and when something has it
doesn't have a sense of humor you should
laugh at it and hopefully it will
restore a little balanced we have time
for one more one more I don't care what
you say from Christopher with Columbus
Day I mean indigenous peoples day over I
rewatched your Columbus Day special
which talks about how he was a great man
however I also saw the Adam ruins
everything episode about Christopher
Columbus and he starts off calling him
an incompetent buffoon he does back up
what he says with sources but you can't
both be right about Columbus with two
diametrically different points of view
on the same person how are we supposed
to distinguish who was right and who was
wrong big fan of the show thanks Chris
oh I'm right does that clear it up I'm
right I don't know who Adam ruins
everything is and I have never seen it
but I do know a lot about Christopher
Columbus if this guy is saying that he
was an incompetent buffoon I'll just
I'll just throw out some factoids that
maybe could dispel that he discovered
the Americas from Europe
he discovered the new world he was the
greatest navigator of his age he made it
across the ocean sea using mostly dead
reckoning he didn't even have an
astrolabe on his first voyage and yet he
made it down how did he know he sensed
when he was on Porto Santo when he was
in Portugal he could feel and he would
take all of these incredible voyages up
to the Brittain up to even past Britain
up into the Arctic and he could feel the
easterly currents in the northern
Atlantic so he just suspected it was as
far as I can tell the first guy to
suspect that there might be a westerly
current if you went a little further
down south so he decided that he would
say a little bit a little bit further
south certainly felt that westerly
current and he took it all the way over
to the Americas he was also brilliantly
educated beyond just his his
navigational skills which were
unparalleled in his
the evidence of that of course there was
a lot of evidence of that one of which
is he discovered the Americas but also
he was devoted to reading the Bible at a
time when a lot of people didn't read
the Bible because either they were
illiterate and Christopher Columbus
certainly was illiterate and in many
ways self-taught but he made sure
education was very important to him but
he read the Bible devotedly I think it
was he was with Franciscan monks and he
would read it all of the time because he
was trying to figure out the age since
the since the first man he was trying to
figure out when predictions of the
apocalypse would happen he was trying to
figure out I had to make sense of all
geopolitics the fall of Constantinople
and so he would read that very well he
he spoke a number of languages Italian
Spanish obviously he was determined and
he knew exactly how to play the
Portuguese and the Spanish he was he was
kicked out it was ultimately rejected
from the Spanish crown to fund his
voyage and at the very last minute they
called him back and his biographers his
contemporary and early biographers
suggest that the reason he was called
back is because of the sheer force of
his personality and the brilliance of
his whim so that's just a little taste
just a little taste
but whoever this Adam person is has no
idea what he's talking about that's our
show I wish we could get two more but we
can't make sure that you tune in
tomorrow I think another Kingdom is
being released for everybody if you're a
subscriber you can already see another
Kingdom right now on the website and it
is really cool you know my job in
another Kingdom is to read the book so I
got the I got the best job but the story
is incredible and the artwork is really
really good that you know the we now
have visual production so they're sets
there's artwork it's really cool it's
awesome so check it out at at daily
wire.com or you can watch part of it
tomorrow and listen to the whole thing
otherwise have a good weekend I'm
Michael nose this is the Michael nul
show I'll see you on Monday
the Michael Nolt show is produced by
seniya Villarreal executive producer
Jeremy Board senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer
Mathis Glover and our technical producer
is Austin Stephens edited by Jim nickel
audio is mixed by mic core Amina hair
and makeup is by Jessa alvera the
Michael Noel's show is a daily wire for
word publishing production copyright for
word publishing 2018
