really terrifying report that people are
just forgetting about the Holocaust this
wasn't that long ago I guess in a sense
it's not all that surprising it's been
now 70 years since World War two it
actually wasn't just the two world wars
that is not the only reason that Germany
is the worst country in the history of
the world let's take a quick look at the
scoreboard Germany destroyed the Roman
Empire Germany cracked Christendom and
caused the 30 Years War in which over 8
million people died Germany gave the
world communism Germany destroyed Russia
by starting the Russian Revolution
Germany then sent Vladimir Lenin on a
sealed boxcar to make sure that Russia
could never recover from that revolution
Germany then declared war on the world
once killing or wounding 41 some odd
million people then Germany declared war
in the world again killing 80 million
people and wounding many others and
finally Germany succeeded in taking over
Europe and flooded the West with
millions of unvetted overwhelmingly
young male Muslim immigrants from the
Middle East and North Africa which has
caused a radical surge in violent crime
on that continent that is Germany in a
nutshell that is German history in a
nutshell
