welcome to the show everybody thanks for
watching as you could see a different
set today I'm not happy about it I'm not
in my car I'm in a hotel room in
Cincinnati I had a speaking gig last
night and so that's why I'm here I don't
like the it's way too open it's way too
big I like to be in the enclosed cocoon
of the car I don't really like that
what's the opposite of claustrophobic is
it a agoraphobic or is that something
else I don't know but whatever it is
that's what I that's how I feel
I just in the sitting in this vast 50
square-foot hotel room it's just very
bewildering but I'll try to get past
that so we can talk because this is an
important topic I want to get into a
couple things happened last week that
I've been wanting to do a video about
for a few days now first Hawaii became
either the fifth or sixth state to
legalize euthanasia and a few days
before that there was a disturbing story
out of Canada which by the way Canada is
the source of quite a few disturbing
stories as of late Canada is like the
new Florida or something I don't know
what's going on up there in Canada but
you guys need to figure that thing out
in this case it was about an elderly
couple who was married for over 70 years
and they decided to commit suicide
together or as the media puts it they
decided to receive a a doctor assisted
death so that's the new you know we went
from suicide euthanasia to doctor
assisted suicide now we call it
receiving a doctor assisted death so
you're receiving death like you know
it's a gift it's like it's like a gift
that you receive on Christmas morning
except in this case it's poison in your
veins and you're dead so we're receiving
death if you ever wonder why we call our
culture of the culture of death that's
why because we we are literally treating
it like a gift that we've given someone
like a birthday present
their names were George and Shirley
brick and N and they decided that they
wanted to commit suicide together so
they they announced it to the family and
they went through a seer
they had a reception they went through a
series of these McCobb kind of farewell
ceremonies much like you may you know if
you maybe walked into a restaurant or
something you saw going on you would
think oh they're having a retirement
party or oh they're you know they're
moving to moving down south to a new to
a retirement home and everyone's coming
to say goodbye no they were doing this
because they were killing themselves
when the time came we're told by the
media reports they laid in bed together
and they held hands and then a doctor
injected poison into their veins a
lethal injection just like they would do
to to criminals to convicted murderers
and their closest loved ones apparently
stood it that stood at the foot of the
bed and watched their parents die now
they are not the first married couple I
hate to say who have received death in
this way a couple in the Netherlands had
what they called their deepest wish
fulfilled when they committed suicide
together a couple in Oregon had their
own wish fulfilled a few years ago in
the same kind of way
a few months ago actually you know it
was originally claimed if you're
wondering why you should care about this
well we're gonna talk about that but
first of all you should care about it
because it's just disgusting inhumane
and horrific but also it was claimed
originally that euthanasia would be
something we would reserve it only for
individual adults who are terminally ill
that's always said we were told that's
all it is
individual adult terminally ill on their
deathbed then they can get euthanasia
but as with everything else with the
left the analogy I've used before is
when you're when you were kid maybe you
read the book if you give a mouse a
cookie and that's all about this cookie
that you know the kid gives them a mouse
the kid gives the mouse a cookie then he
comes back and he wants a glass of milk
you know what's a napkin then he wants a
fork for some reason and before you know
he's
he's eating them out of house and home
because he just kept the kid just kept
say shading the mouth so the left is a
lot like that they're like the mouse in
that in that disturbing fable or you
give them one thing except that the
cookies that they want are again
horrific but you give them the one thing
you think that's it and then they come
back and they say oh actually can I have
this too oh you know while we're here
how about that as well so it started
with euthanasia individual adults
terminally ill and now we treat it like
a romantic getaway for for for elderly
couples or you know we also have in
Europe and I'm sure it will be here soon
enough euthanasia for people who are
depressed euthanasia for people who are
alcoholics euthanasia for children
that's what's happening in Europe you
see the culture of death is a cancer and
it spreads and it consumes and it never
ever stops there's it will never get to
a point where it says oh that's enough
we'll leave you alone never stops it
whittles away at life on both end as
ends of the spectrum so we were working
on the the unborn babies we're killing
them off and then we come in on the
other end with the elderly and the sick
and then we Whittle them away to until
we're kind of just you know we're just
sort of meeting in the middle so that
you're not safe unless you're a 27 year
old college-educated completely healthy
person that's that's where we're headed
where that's that's the only you know if
you fall into that demographic then we
can use you in society if not we got to
get rid of you
and that's why because it's all part of
this greater agenda on the left that's
why the left can barely contain their
enthusiasm when it comes to euthanasia
whenever there's a famous euthanasia
case they just fall they trip over
themselves to congratulate the person
remember Brittany Maynard a couple years
ago was a famous one in Oregon I believe
and she announced ahead of time that she
was getting doctor assisted suicide and
the left and the media they were just
ecstatic they were like oh she's so
courageous such a beautiful thing
and
you know it's just imagine for a moment
a man I mean I'm in a hotel room right
now it's like 20 stories high so imagine
there was a guy standing up on the roof
20 stories up and he was about to jump
and what the left is doing basically is
they're they're coming up and they're
saying oh wow you're so brave
yes jump die with dignity you're so
courageous this is so wonderful I be
brings a tear to my eye it's such a
beautiful thing what really is the
difference between cheering a guy on
who's standing on the ledge of a
building and sharing somebody on who's
going to a doctor who did a poison pill
or a poison injection what's the
difference there's no difference it's
suicide either way now we could try to
dress up euthanasia call it something
else you know have them lay down in the
bed we call it medicine we say the
receiving death but in the end it's the
same thing as jumping off a building in
fact jumping off a building is probably
a more painless death really so there's
no difference that's why I get upset
about I get a percent about it for the
same reason that I would be upset if
there was a guy in the building and then
you came up and said yeah go for it or
if I was trying to talk him off the
ledge and you say hey how dare you mind
your business if the guy wants to jump
let him jump but if you did that we
would all agree that you are a monster
right everyone in society would agree
that if you cheered on someone
committing suicide you're a monster but
if you did it in the context of
euthanasia then well you're just a
liberal so people were you know the left
was gushing over this suicide and the
main thing that you hear over and over
again whether it's with the brick and
Den's or it's with Brittany Maynard or
whoever else it's that well they're
dying with dignity but no they're not
it's exactly the opposite now we're told
that George and Shirley that they you
know they lived wonderful full lives and
they were good people I hope that's true
I didn't know them personally but if it
is true it makes it all the worse in the
end
that they chose to be put down like dogs
just makes it worse because that life of
dignity they just punted in the end and
their family cheered it on and applauded
and encouraged it where is the dignity
in that we asked you when your dog gets
very old and he's sick you take him to
the doctor and they strap them down and
they inject something into him where is
the dignity in a human being being
discarded like that dignity is found
when you embrace life and you persevere
through difficulty suicide is the
opposite of that it is the up it is the
diameter there's dignity here and then
there's suicide all the way on the
opposite end it diametrically opposed
they are it's like up and down North and
South dignity and suicide there is no
such thing as a dignified suicide a man
of dignity is a man of self-respect you
can't respect yourself if you're
destroying yourself it's not possible
self annihilation and self-respect
cannot be the same because once you've
annihilated yourself there's no self
left to respect now here's here's what
happens when you question the dignity of
suicide and by the way not just with
euthanasia but I have found when you
question the dignity of any kind of
suicide even if a guy is jumping off a
building or whatever else whenever you
do that people get very upset they they
don't want you to besmirched the dignity
of suicide and they say that it's cruel
and it's heartless how dare you I've
heard this many times anytime I've
talked about the subject well you know
what I say to that how dare you if
you're in the Pro euthanasia Pro suicide
can't you're the one who's heartless and
cruel you're the heartless cruel monster
not me not only are you encouraging more
people to murder themselves
by glorifying suicide but you are very
clearly implying that the people who
don't kill themselves yet yet are
terminally ill or very old you're
clearly implying that they do not have
dignity you what what you're saying is
if it's dignified to kill yourself
before death naturally takes you then it
must be undignified to wait around for
it to take you both of those strategies
can't be dignified so what you're saying
is that a cancer patient who dies who
dies in his bed naturally you're saying
he lacks dignity you're saying that an
old man who decides to live and cherish
every moment that God has given him
you're saying that he lacks dignity if
euthanasia is dignified it is dignified
because you are avoiding a slow and
drawn-out death what about the ones who
don't avoid it what you're saying if
you're in this camp you're saying that
they are the ones who don't have dignity
so yeah you could accuse me of
besmirching suicide
I'd rather besmirched suicide than
besmirched life itself it we're so
desperate in this culture to hold up
suicide as this grand and elegant thing
that we turn life into a dirty and
shameful thing these people they hail
the courage of a man who kills himself
to avoid suffering and in the process
they make a coward of a guy who who
embraces his suffering and finds meaning
in it so that's that that's the dignity
part of this there is no dignity dignity
again is in someone who is given life
and embraces it no matter how much
suffering is involved that's what it
means to die with dignity even if you
a hospital bed even if you even if
you're even if you're whittling away
from a from an illness or something
there's still a lot of dignity in that I
mean the people that accept that fate
and to die with courage and you know on
God's time the other thing that people
say about euthanasia is that it allows
someone to go out their own way and to
take charge and to exercise autonomy and
so on
we'll say all these do they're doing it
their way right so we say about the
brick and Den's they're doing it their
way
well there are a few problems with that
first of all euthanasia is not doing it
your way you aren't taking charge of
anything if you can really take
ownership of yourself if you could
really be in charge of yourself that I
imagine you wouldn't die at all if it
were up to you you would choose not to
die but it isn't so you have to die so
there's no taking charge of that so so
you know trying to take charge or do it
your own way so you kill yourself before
you die that's like if you heard that a
guys coming to your house to burn it to
the ground and so you head them off at
the pass by burning it to the ground
yourself and then when he shows up you
say you see what I did you see I won no
in that case to take charge of the
situation will be to stand outside your
house with a shotgun and when the guy
comes you make him leave but you can't
do that with death when death comes and
it will for all of us all you can do is
accept it you're getting you can
to accept it earlier than God intends
and by your own hand but that is no kind
of victory but I think the biggest
problem here with that way of thinking
is that our lives are our deaths as well
these are not things that we can own
people want to people want to own death
you know they want to grab a hold of it
that's that's what that's what
euthanasia is all about what the culture
of death is a lot as much of it that's
what it's about it's about grabbing hold
of death and trying to make it into
something controllable so ironically
it's the people who fear death the most
who are the ones who are in favor of
euthanasia and all that because it's the
nature of that it's the suddenness of
death it's the unwieldy uncontrollable
nature of death that they fear and they
think they can make it a less fearful
thing by grabbing hold of it and quote
doing it on their terms but death is not
something you can grab hold of nor
should you try it's not something you
can own for the same reason that we
can't own our lives as much as we talk
about bodily autonomy there's no
autonomy and this is what's so beautiful
and terrifying and mysterious and
wonderful and awful about about life is
that it's outside of our control I
didn't decide to come into existence to
come into being I didn't decide who I
was gonna be I didn't decide what my
identity was gonna be I didn't decide
who my parents were who what my family
was was it you know I didn't I didn't
decide what country I would be born in I
don't decide consciously to have my
heart pump and my my lungs breathe and
my blood flow all that stuff happens on
its own I didn't decide anything about
the culture the civilization the country
that I was born into this was all
selected for me by something else or
someone else and if you're an atheist
then you believe that it was all decided
by a series of accidents and
circumstances and you could have just as
well been born a cockroach or a tree
or uh or a kangaroo and really there's
very little difference between all those
different things because life is
happenstance and you are happenstance
you are effectively meaning yes
meaningless but even then even in from
the atheistic point of view by this
logic euthanasia makes no sense it's a
crime against nature really in an
atheist world all you have is this
existence that's it and then it's over
and then you just you just you just kind
of dissolve into the void and there's
nothing left of you so the only
imperative in a world like that is just
to live and to extend your existence for
as long as possible
that's the only point if we live in an
atheistic world there is no point to
life other than simply to live it for as
long as possible and then you don't
exist so in an atheistic world
euthanasia is a sick joke it's a crime
against the Darwinian order of things
really and then from a religious
perspective from a monotheistic
perspective all of this my life my
circumstance my identity it was decided
by a divine force by by God before the
beginning of time and so I this is the
beautiful thing that I was an idea in
the mind of God and he spoke me into
existence from the midst of eternity he
plucked me out of eternity and he placed
me into time which is a beautiful thing
and I belong to him I am his creation I
own nothing least of all my own life
every day that I wake up every step I
take every pulse of my heart all of this
is sustained by God all of it
and he has a
he has a reason every morning when I
wake up it's okay well that's another I
guess I get another day or at least
another few moments and there's a reason
for that you might not understand the
reason I might not understand the reason
completely but there's a reason if God
God decides when your time is up
when your story's finished there's gonna
come a point when your story really is
finished when it's been told when you've
done everything you could do or that God
wanted you to do and for better or worse
that's the end of it
last page right that time will come and
we don't know when and some people end
up with much bigger books than others
but that's for God to decide and to
reject the life that he's given me to
reject even one day of it to reject one
hour one minute is a terrible thing it's
the worst thing in the world because
I've not only rejected my life but I've
rejected the entire world the world that
he is made for me I have rejected it
I've said I don't want it anymore God
and in doing that I've also rejected God
so take your pick either you believe in
God or you don't you're an atheist or
you're not maybe you're somewhere in
between but no matter where you fall on
the spectrum euthanasia is a horrific
horrible terrible thing and we should
all be against it and I haven't even
talked about to say this for another
video but the other big problem with
euthanasia aside from not that I'd
really need to list any more problems
with it aside from what I've already
said but we have the continued
perversion
and degradation of the medical
profession you know doctors are supposed
it's the Hippocratic oath doctors uh do
no harm they're always supposed to heal
and treat and cure that's the job of a
doctor and because of abortion and now
with euthanasia we have also made
doctors into merchants of death which is
the exact opposite of what they're
supposed to be what they're supposed to
be we need doctors to cherish life and
it becomes a very you know once
euthanasia becomes commonplace as it is
not quite here yet but in some parts of
the world once it becomes commonplace
it's a it's quite a conflict of interest
for a doctor or a conflict of something
it's certainly an internal conflict
because in one room you know he goes to
see a patient and the patient is
terminally ill patient wants to live so
the doctors fighting for his life the
next room over Saint you know the guy
has the same terminal illness and in
this case he wants to die the doctor
says okay here's some poison no we want
doctors to be to be wired to fight
always for life once they start dealing
out death as well it's it's the end of
the medical profession and I think
that's pretty serious downside as well
all right that's it for me
hope you guys have a great weekend I'll
talk to you on Monday
you
