I'm a former Catholic / current agnostic
and hoping to be a future Catholic man
dude this is complicated what's your
response to father Mychal explanation of
the Church's stance
this is father Michael Schmitz who I
just interviewed on the show today who I
thought he was making a joke about
Michael Knowles I don't think Michael
does kind of present himself as the
Sailor of all things Catholic yeah
no but this is just I'm pretty sure
there's a Smith's not noise he sent this
sounded like a knowledgeable intelligent
person so he couldn't be referring to
that there we go but I think he was
explaining the Catholic Church's
approach to homosexuality and it's
interesting because my my approach to
this which is much more libertarian but
is based on similar reasoning to what
the church says and here's our
difference okay the church says quite
reasonably in order to know how to use a
thing you have to know what it's for so
when you talk about using this your
sexuality you're talking about it has
two purposes one is the purpose of
procreation creating children and the
other is binding and husband and wife
together
that's a wrist Italian logic that comes
through Thomas Aquinas it seems to me
however that in Aristotle there is a
principle by which the things things can
be used for a greater good so for
instance if I'm carrying a computer and
somebody attacks me and I hit him over
the head with my computer that even in
Aristotle is a fair use of your computer
because it's being subsumed into the
greater good of your safety okay you're
obviously not using a first purpose I've
been in the arts all my life I know a
lot of gay people you know a lot of gay
people in my life who I many of whom I
love many of whom is my friends it seems
to me that even though the center of
human life is a man and a woman coming
together to create children that is at
the very center of human life
there was room for life to exist outside
of the center and it seems that if you
get rid of all the other sins that
destroy people the promiscuity the
infidelity the the hurtfulness and you
know use of force and and and betrayal
if you get rid of all of that and you're
just left with
two people in the same sex we love each
other for life it seems to me that their
sexual urge could be summed into the
greater good even though you're not
using it for procreation it can be
subsumed into the greater good of your
affection for one another and I believe
that the truth at this I believe that
this is an attitude that the church
needs to change and probably will change
over time it doesn't have to put it
doesn't have to make make homosexuality
as homosexual relationships a sacrament
as marriages because we understand that
marriage is at the center of human life
and is set and is sacred in that way but
it should start letting people have the
consolation of sexual companionship if
they can't have it with the opposite sex
if their natural bent is to have it with
their own sex so I just I disagree with
him I thought he was an eloquent and
intelligent spokesman for his point of
view
