would you support a political system
that offers more choices than just our
two parties here's the thing about that
okay because Israel has that yeah I
think it is conducive to extremism okay
I think that it does mean that extremist
parties rise that they have a chance to
move their way in I'm not against it
philosophically okay I'm not against it
philosophically if you want to start a
third party you can it's not like it's
illegal it's just hard it's just hard
because the two parties are so
entrenched but that doesn't mean the
parties don't collapse they've collapsed
in the past and they've been replaced
with other parties so that that can
still happen but I but I like the
reigning it in I like the fact that that
the nots the extremists have a place in
each party but are you're not usually at
the center of each party I do I worry
when I look at the Democrats because it
does seem to me that the Socialists have
taken over the center of the party and
that they they pick they attack our
people who leave rude comments on blogs
who sound to me like their senators and
congressmen in other words our
extremists are nuts like we have on
these nuts who leave comments on blogs
and you know say like we should do this
so we show you know but the their nuts
are in government you know they're so
they're so far left for anything yeah
and Sanders is talking he's talking
craziness and people are cheering him
but he's talking absolute insanity so so
anyway I philosophically I'm not against
having more parties in terms of just my
experience or observations of it it does
encourage extremism and it does divide
you know powerful forces so that
sometimes the good guys get squeezed out
and I think that's a danger
