Betsy says why do the elite almost
always lean heavy to the left I'm
familiar with the island 120 principle
but I don't understand why otherwise
smart educated people support leftist
ideas so much because they don't hurt
them IIIi don't I don't agree with this
120 thing either by the way I'd the idea
that the elites are in this kind of
middle IQ a little higher than normal
but not so high as to be smart I think
that you know elites tend to have enough
money so that high taxes don't hurt them
and they swage their conscience they
don't see a lot of the consequences of
what they do you know none of the
homeless people who have been caused by
leftist housing policies are living in
their neighborhood they simply don't see
where think they don't see what leftist
does with leftism does to people but
they collect the virtue so so for
instance if you sit around and talk
about with great concern and great
intensity about the plight of the black
man in America it doesn't cost you a
damn thing and and yet everybody says
what a wonderful person you are and
you're still not going to be confronted
with the crime that comes out of those
neighborhoods and the and they in the
pain the suffering the people who get
shot are going to be people in those
neighborhoods the children who die are
not going to be your children and yet
you get all this virtue I think that the
virtuous signaling I think leftism
provides a lot of virtue and by the way
I think that the establishment of your
own virtual virtue signaling is one of
the key motivators in life
