hey everybody welcome to the show thanks
for watching
so London's mayor is dealing with a
pretty big problem they have this wave
of violence in the city it's murder
rates has now topped New York cities and
this is in spite of the fact or maybe
partly because of the fact that they
have banned guns in the city some of the
strictest gun laws in the entire world
yet the murder rate is spiking and
there's all this violent crime you took
away the guns and now people are just
running around stabbing each other left
and right apparently so mayor Khan the
mayor of London you know he got his
brain trust together and they were
talking about it and they said what can
we do about this we took away the guns
now people are just stabbing each other
what do we do about all the stabbings
and then someone said I don't know who
but somebody said oh I've got it
listen to this brilliant plan what we do
is we ban the knives
what's Jay and everyone else said oh why
did I think of that perfect yeah we just
get let's just keep getting rid of
objects until there are no objects left
so Mayor Khan sent out a tweet a few
days ago where he said no excuses there
is never a reason to carry a knife never
a reason no he can't think of a single
reason mayor Khan has never been to an
Outback Steakhouse he's never been to
any other restaurant at all he's never
been in a kitchen okay he can't think of
a reason why anyone would ever use a
knife now I'm a member of the the knife
carrying community I admit and here's
here's the crazy thing I can think of I
come across probably dozens of different
uses in a day for this knife and none of
them involve killing anybody
it's just that net I've never killed
anyone with this knife even though I've
carried it around instead I just do
other things with it by the way I'm
gonna swing this knife around for the
rest of the video which actually I
probably shouldn't do that because
someone will call the cops they'll
me they'll see a guy in his car swinging
a knife around and yelling to himself
and look call the police so I won't do
that but I find many uses for the knife
that don't involve killing people in
fact I would probably argue that almost
every human adult's in the world uses a
knife for non murdering activities on a
relatively frequent basis a knife is one
of the most basic tools that mankind has
had at its disposal for thousands of
years so if we're gonna start going
after knives then well then it's then
pretty much it's it's game on
and that's where I mean we can have a
lot of fun with this and try to mock and
parody but it's hard to do it so it's
it's the the gun grabbing on the Left
has now transcended parody I mean I
wrote something yesterday I wrote a
piece yesterday where I was listing okay
here are seven other items that London
will have to ban next after it gets rid
of the guns and the knives and just
obvious things like for instance other
kitchen utensils forks I mean you have
no idea how and I did some research into
this okay I took this seriously I'd
really did some research and I
discovered that fork violence is an
epidemic across the West there are so
many cases of people using forks to stab
people
chairs chair violence is a huge problem
in our schools also a big problem among
WWE wrestlers it's just people are using
chairs all the time to hit each other
rocks obviously people die from rocks
being thrown at them rocks falling on
them they die in rock climbing accidents
they die at rock concerts a rock killed
all the dinosaurs
I mean rocks are you could argue that
the rock is the most deadly object in in
history and so we're gonna have to start
digging up all the rocks from under the
earth and take all the rocks from on top
of the earth and get rid of them hands I
mean that this is the most easily the
deadliest most objectionable weapon in
the world even more so than the rock is
the human hand hands kill
at least in America hens kill more
people every year than rifles or
shotguns and not to mention the fact
that the hand is involved in every act
of violence even when you're using a gun
so now I'm not proposing that we
actually confiscate all the hands that
would be ridiculous what I'm saying is
you get your hands registered ahead of
time you go through a licensing process
there are certain you know state
sanctioned activities that you can use
your hands for if you use your hand at a
non-sanctioned activity then you get
your hands confiscated temporarily until
you take a few classes we could even
call it hands-on classes or something
like that we could work with that but
and you take some classes and then you
get your hands back for a probationary
period I mean these are just some ideas
okay
well we could get into all that trying
to highlight the absurdity of this what
I really like to do instead is to try to
understand where this comes from why do
some people put this incredible emphasis
on objects why do they set out to fight
violence and evil by banning the objects
that are sometimes used in those acts of
violence and evil why can't they see
what you and I see which is that once
you start telling this road you really
do have to get rid of all objects on
earth because anything can be used in
the in an act of violence but why do
some people struggle with this why do
they infuse all of this moral
significance into an object and I think
the answer is very simple there are a
few answers but I think the primary
thing is a misunderstanding of human
nature and this is really what what lies
at the root this is the source of many
of our debates in this culture it's that
the left does not understand human
nature doesn't understand how human
beings work which is kind of fascinating
because they are human beings themselves
so all they have to do is look within
themselves
and they should be able to answer a lot
of their questions but but they don't
for whatever reason they don't they
don't have a lot of introspection so
it's kind of ironic or it seems ironic
anyway that those who understand that
human beings are corrupted prone to evil
often can't be trusted you know the
people in that camp they're the ones who
are saying no don't take our guns away
there they're the ones who are pro-gun
rights while the ones who believe that
human beings are not a fallen race and
are not corrupted and are kind of these
blank slates morally speaking they're
the ones who are saying you got to keep
us away from guns you would think it
would be the opposite but it isn't
because those of us who understand human
nature understand two things number one
very simply we know that we have to have
a means to protect ourselves from our
fellow fallen man we have a healthy
suspicion of other people because we
know how people are and how they've
always been and always will be until the
end of time we know that because we can
see other people we've read history we
know how people are we also have a
healthy suspicion of the state because
the state is comprised not of these
benevolent gods but of people of
fallible fallen people so we have and
now we've put them in positions of power
in control so that makes us even more
suspicious of them we don't hate people
we just understand them and so we wish
to equip ourselves accordingly but the
second thing this is the more important
thing we know that fallen men will
always be prone to hurt each other a man
I think even more so a man who wants to
do harm to another person will do it or
at least attempt it there's not a lot
you can do this is human nature the
reason why the vast majority of people
on earth have never committed
murder have never raped have never done
some hideously violent thing you know
what the reason is what why haven't most
people done that it's not because the
law it's not because of regulations it's
not because they didn't have access to
this or that tool it's because they
never wanted to the vast majority of
people have never used a gun to kill
anybody it's not because they couldn't
get their hands on a gun it's because
they just never it they have no interest
in killing anyone they it's just not
something that ever comes up they have
they have they don't even have any
temptation in that regard so it's not
even that they have a moral objection to
it they they have a moral objection to
it as well mm-hmm but the primary reason
why they haven't killed anyone it's that
they just it's never even comes up they
don't want to they are stopped not by
the law they're stopped by the fact that
they are not so depraved as to desire to
kill another person but here's where the
problem comes in when you've got a man
who has descended into that state when
he's gotten to the point where he really
wants to kill somebody now just imagine
being in this state psychologically and
spiritually and I know people will joke
around and say oh I want to kill that
guy I'm gonna kill you I'm talking about
actually being in a state of mind where
you really literally want to end
somebody's life
it's a very dark place to be in once you
get there it seems like it's not a far
leap to go from there to I don't care
about the repercussions in fact with
these mass killers and serial killers
the repercussions that's part of the
appeal they want to die they want their
life to be over or they want to go to
jail they want attention and so there's
no there's no disincentive there at all
so once you get to that point once you
get to the point where you want to kill
somebody you don't care about the
punishment after the fact or in fact you
want the punishment then there's just
the law really there's there's almost
nothing the law
can do at that point with somebody like
that that is just a dangerous person
who's a ticking time bomb is gonna end
is gonna explode the only way the law
can really do anything preemptively is
if the person announces ahead of time
that hey guess what I'm gonna do I'm
gonna kill somebody but what we found is
that even when they do that which is
basically what the what the the guy in
Florida did even then the law seems
impotent the law seems unable to do
anything even when they have an
opportunity but most people who are
violent they never make that
announcement ahead of time they just do
it one day so that's the fact no matter
what you do you could take away my knife
you can take away my gun but if I
decided that I'm gonna kill somebody
today I can do it I can get out of the
car right now and do it in fact I don't
have to get out of the car I could use
the car it'll be very easy to do anyone
can the only thing that stops me or the
primary thing that stops me is that I
have I just I'm no desire to do that
whatsoever I'm not a murderous person
but there are people who are murderers
what do we do about them that's the
question that's the way we have to frame
this discussion we have to acknowledge
that there are violent people out out
there with a very dark evil in their
souls and a very dark desire what do we
do about those people the gun control
side says well we got to stave them off
with the law that's what we do we you
know that's the the fortress that we set
up around ourselves is the law and maybe
after a while we can even change them
with the law and if we become a gun free
society they're going to become less
violent because there are let there are
fewer violent objects around and so
they're not going to be influenced in
that direction and they'll become better
people and so we have the law and that's
what we're going to do the Second
Amendment side says
the law is ineffective once we get to
this point once a guy has crossed this
threshold within himself psychologically
and spiritually once he's gotten to the
point where he really wants to kill
somebody and he doesn't care about the
repercussions that's the threshold once
he's crossed it there's nothing the law
can do I can't you know I walk it down
the street I pass by people you go
somewhere in public you go to a movie
theater you send your kids to school you
can never know whether whether or not
somebody that you're passing by on the
street is a person who has crossed that
threshold there's no way of knowing so I
don't want to be reliant on the law to
stop them because the law can't follow
me around the law itself is not a
physical barrier protecting me
and I can't have cops following me
around every second of the day unless
you're a celebrity or fame or a
politician
then you're not blessed enough to have
an armed security detail but even just
think about that for a minute think
about the President of the United States
has this whole small army of people who
are dedicated to keeping him alive and
why is that it's because the president
United States no matter who the
president is it's because of his office
that the President of the United States
is somebody who many other people in the
world want to kill every second that the
president is alive there are probably
hundreds if not thousands of people in
the world who are actively plotting his
demise and if they ever got the
opportunity would absolutely kill him so
think about the effort even though it's
definitely illegal to kill the president
so we've got all the laws in place but
even in spite of that still there is
this incredible effort required just to
keep this one guy alive you gotta have
this he has this whole small army that
surround him and then anytime he goes
somewhere in public that the Army has to
go there
ahead of time and sweep the area and set
up security details and everything else
it's just an enormous round the clock
24/7 never sleeping effort
this man alive which just shows you how
necessary it is to have a means to
protect ourselves do you want to know
why you and I are still alive for most
of us the only reason why we're why you
and I are still alive it's because
nobody has ever wanted really to kill us
but if anyone ever made up their minds
has said I want to kill that guy and if
they ever said that about you then
you're in trouble that's why and
certainly the law is not going to be
able to do anything for you the moment
you come face-to-face with that guy who
wants to kill you the law just melts
away and it's gone it might as well it
might as well not even exist
and you have to have the means to
protect yourself and your children the
left does not understand the Fallen
nature of man does not understand how
evil functions doesn't even understand
that evil exists in the first place and
so it has this up this abiding faith in
the state's ability to change human
behavior and to cure what ills man deep
down in his heart so they think it's as
simple as the state banning weapons and
and and setting up gun-free zones and
maybe putting out some PSAs where they
say tisk tisk tisk don't shoot people
now ok don't do that it's bad and that
will be enough in their minds to sway to
control the collective which is
comprised of these individuals who are
not and you know inherently corrupted
but are these blank slates who just are
waiting around to be herded or or sent
in one direction or another the
intrinsic corruption in the mind of a
leftist the intrinsic corruption is in
the object not the person and so the
object a gun in the mind of a leftist is
kind of like the ring in Lord of the
Rings
and it will do to a person what the ring
did to Gollum you take an innocent
person you put this object in their
hands and it starts to change them but
obviously it's not actually that simple
so here is what can be done
side from giving us the tools to protect
ourselves because the law can do very
little but I agreed that preferably we
don't even want to get to that point it
would be nice if there was something
preemptively we could do so that a guy
doesn't even get to the point where he
wants to kill another person and the
only thing that'll stop him from killing
me is if I can shoot him first I'd
prefer if it never got to that point so
what can we do
aside from arming ourselves to defend
ourselves and our family
I think after we've done that if we
really want to cut down on violence then
we have to cut down on the inclination
towards violence which means we have to
give people a proper moral formation ok
the proper moral formation of the
individual the inclination to violence
is a problem of moral and spiritual
formation or deformation we need to be
morally formed which starts in the
family especially with the fathers who
often are not in the picture when it
comes to violent people and also the
church you know the problem the real
problem is that we live in a disordered
depraved degenerate empty culture and
people are born into it and they're born
into these broken homes and they go out
looking for moral formation all they
find is moral mutation and they end up
with disordered desires degenerate
desires and they have no reason not to
go out and try to fulfill those desires
so I'll tell you what the state can
really do it can realize that the
institutions in the culture who should
primarily be in charge of moral
formation are the family and the church
and so the state can offer proper
support to the family and with the
church it can just stay out of the way
this is what religious liberty is all
about stay out of the way and let the
church do what the church does
or supposed to do that's what we should
be relying on those two institutions if
you really want to cut down on violence
that's where you have to turn not to the
government not to the law I think that's
a pretty great combination when it comes
in it won't be perfect but when it comes
to combating violence and the combating
evil generally give individuals the
ability to protect themselves strong
family strong churches I'm telling you
if you have that going for you if you
have those three things going for you
you're going to be in the safest
possible human society it will not be
utopian it won't be perfect but it will
be the safest and most ordered society
possible but unfortunately the left is
kind of trying to do the opposite of
that they want to have it both ways they
want to destroy the church break down
the family the two institutions that are
in charge of moral formation are most in
charge of it and then they act with sure
they react with shock and horror when
they see all of these sociopaths and
killers and evil people in our midst but
it goes back to a misunderstanding of
human nature all right that's it for me
today guys thanks for watching and have
a great day
you
