politicians from both parties are
sounding the alarm bell on the opioid
epidemic but America's drug problem goes
far deeper than prescription painkillers
we will analyze how and why the u.s.
became a nation of drug addicts then
Frank J Fleming joins to talk about his
new novel sidequest
in realms on Google and conservative
satire writ large
I'm Michael Knowles and this is the
Michael Nolt show
we're a nation of drug addicts but
before we talk about all the bad things
that you can put into your bodies we
have to keep the lights on and talk
about a good thing that you can put into
your bodies it's not everything that you
put in your body is bad you drink water
and you eat food and you can take some
supplements which are nutritional
they're not pharmaceutical they're not
you know drugs or something like that
they are just nutritional supplements
and one of the best ones and a great
sponsor of the program is Oh max three
ultra pure supplements the fact is
taking care of your health is a
commitment and it can feel overwhelming
now you know for me I don't really like
to exercise or eat right or do anything
of that like that but I didn't take a
supplement that will help you out a
little bit the video max 3 there are big
health benefits that come with that and
you don't even have to think about it it
is the purest way to get all of these
daily Omega threes Oh max 3 ultra pure
because you're gonna do something if
you're gonna do it why not do it right
so it's that it's the purest option you
know sometimes with these supplements
you get the fish burps because it's fish
oil so you get that doesn't taste for
it's not good you don't want that there
are many Omega 3s on the market this is
the purest most concentrated one you
will not get fish burps Omega threes are
great at alleviating joint pain muscle
soreness they can improve focus and
memory boost cardiovascular health and
more it just makes sense to take it Oh
max ultra pure is 93 percent pure
omega-3 fatty acids so there's this test
you can do is the freezer test you put
Omega threes these little capsules in
the freezer and most of the store brands
you know they'll all get cloudy and
gross when you take them out but Oh max
is Oh max 3 is so pure that you don't
need to worry about that it'll still be
basically clear
well max 3 comes with a 60-day
money-back guarantee see we'll have
plenty of time to try it and really feel
the Oh max difference right now go to
try Oh max dot-com / co' FFA co v fe fe
and get a box of Oh max 3 ultra pure for
3 that is tri Oh max calm / co' FFA co v
fe fe to get your free box of o max 3
that is tri Oh max dot-com / Co FFA
terms and conditions apply they always
do in this life
but they're really good okay now to the
bad things that you could put in your
bodies we're a nation of drug addicts we
are a nation of drug addicts politicians
talk about this all the time here's just
a quick little montage but if we don't
get tough on the drug dealers we're
wasting our time just remember that
we're wasting our time as you all know
from personal experience families
communities and citizens across our
country are currently dealing with the
worst drug crisis in American history
I now have five family friends who have
lost their adult children to opioid
overdose and so in some of these states
that have been hit hard
with the opioid and fentanyl epidemic
again we need funding for opioid
epidemic the president talked about that
show us the money they're actually
alright even even Nancy Pelosi and
Hillary Clinton I'm like chokes me to
get that out of my throat but they are
alright there's this awful opioid
epidemic that's going on Nancy though
she says show us the money show us the
money Nancy you are a member of Congress
you that is where legislation begins
that's where funding bills are supposed
to originate so I don't know you you do
the money Nancy a little frustrating
with her but they're absolutely right
now you know now we say that the White
House does everything Congress used to
have some power but now it's an all it's
the White House does everything but at
least at the very least everybody is
concerned about this because it's a huge
issue
now opioids we use that term that
includes opiates that's the older term
morphine now it also includes synthetics
like hydrocodone oxycodone fentanyl
codeine painkillers that we've just used
to call them painkillers and and they're
right about this every single day 115
Americans die from overdosing on opioids
on all of these things the statistics
are staggering here in 2015 and the
situation has gotten worse since 2015
but just in 2015 two million people in
the u.s. suffered from substance abuse
disorders from opioid painkillers
another nearly 600,000 suffered from
heroin addiction there was a little
overlap there because they're so similar
between 21 and 30 percent of people who
are prescribed
opioids misuse them so there's this
problem of prescription you go in and
these things are prescribed very loosely
they're obviously over prescribed but
then 21 to 30 percent of people who get
the prescription just of the people who
get the prescription misuse it of those
people 8 to 12 percent develop a
disorder of all the people who were
prescribed opioids 4 to 6 percent of
people who misuse the prescription
painkillers then start using heroin
these are huge numbers 80% of heroin
users actually began from opioids they
were first used they first used
prescription opioids and then they moved
on to heroin opioid overdoses increased
a full 30% between July 2016 and
September 2017 in 45 states in basically
a year you're looking at a 30% increase
this is massive one year Midwestern
states if the rest of the countries have
walk in the park compared to the Midwest
Midwest saw an increase of 70 percent
over that time large cities saw an
increase of 54 percent in 16 states same
exact period of time that are those are
huge numbers you can't ignore them but
the drug problem in America isn't just
opioids we're focusing on that it is the
most bizarre spike it was just within a
year or so but there's a lot that's
going on even use marijuana the old
Haitian oregano a marijuana use has
sharply increased in the United States
in the last few years now you might
think well Michael there's a time and a
place for everything and that's college
sure and you might say well you know
we're legalizing it everywhere it's
being D stigmatized it's probably cuz of
all this legislation that would be
common sense but it would be wrong
there's a new study in addiction in the
journal addiction that shows that this
isn't because of legalization the spike
in pot use has nothing to do with these
laws if that study finds quote medical
and recreational marijuana policies did
not have any significant association
with increased marijuana use and yet
there is a steep rise in pot smoking
hippies since 2005 there is a steep rise
and look I'm not like some old fogey on
this and like scolding the kids and
everything
sometimes libertarians and conservatives
are asked what do you think about
and legalization and my answer is always
the same I oppose it not because of the
legislation itself I don't really care
but because of the people who really
want it legalized I just want to make
them sad I did that isn't that is my
argument for it these people you know
they're like sort of libertarians they
come out and all they care about is
legalizing dope what a dope absolutely
not I'm gonna make it doubly illegal I'm
gonna mandatory forty five year minimum
sentences only for that political
activism that's a sidebar still on pot
though according to a Yahoo News Marist
survey thirty-five million Americans use
pot on a monthly basis so that's an over
a tenth of the country what over one in
ten people smoked pot or eat a brownie
or tea or something on a monthly basis
and 55 million Americans have used pot
in the last year huge numbers more
people smoked pot than tobacco in the
United States this is very depressing to
me because I don't like cigarettes
cigarettes are kind of gross and they're
not very high-quality tobacco but I love
cigars now if I go into a concert or
something and I light up a little cigar
or a cigarette or something it is I will
be arrested I'll probably be brought to
Guantanamo Bay for interrogation but if
I smoke pot it's fine there are people
you know there especially in California
now if you're smoking pot down the
street nobody will bother you if you
smoke a cigarette
people will scowl at you they will look
at you like you are the devil or
something very bizarre that's just the
pot drinking is also on the rise
drinking rose substantially between 2002
and 2013 according to a new study
published in the journal JAMA psychiatry
and I'm pretty sure they didn't the
authors of this study didn't consult me
but I think it's because I went to
college during that time period so I
suspect single handedly I caused this
rise in drinking the social science does
show some other explanations as well
drinking rose 11% just during that
timeframe 11 years I guess among women
drinking rose 58% among older people it
rose 65 percent staggering numbers and
just around a decade alcoholism so now
just people drinking you know look I'll
have a casual 17 to 25 drinks per day
when I'm hanging around the daily wire
that's just casual that's just to get
through the day but alcoholism alcohol
abuse rose
50 percent during that time period among
Americans among women
alcoholism rose eighty three point seven
percent staggering numbers but it isn't
just that it isn't just the pot it isn't
just the opioids it isn't just the booze
the big issue and the New York Times did
a good story on this over the weekend I
know you'll probably think you're on
drugs when you heard me say that the New
York Times did do a good story for what
every once in a while they do this and
it was on antidepressants and this is I
think the heart of the matter today
I think the antidepressants tell us a
lot about the state of the country and
they tell us a lot about maybe what's
missing antidepressants or have been
around in various forms since the 1950s
but modern antidepressants the SSRIs
that you maybe have heard of
statistically speaking you're probably
on them a selective serotonin reuptake
inhibitors they've only been around
since the late 80s in any popular way
and the use of them has skyrocketed just
in recent years very recent years two or
three years twenty-five million
Americans have been on antidepressants
for at least two years we there's a lot
more to talk about with this but before
we get to that well you know I it's
really divine intervention before we
talk about the real crux of this matter
the antidepressants we have to talk
about my we have to go back in time and
talk about my favorite one which is wine
very providential ad today I love wine
you love one you don't want to drink
wine to excess you don't want to end up
in the gutter you don't want to say like
you know fella I I was like you once you
don't wanna end up like me on the 200th
episode and you don't want to have
little pink elephants chasing you around
but everything in moderation wine has
been around for a long time the first
miracle performed by our risen Lord was
to turn water into wine the water of
ritual into the wine of celebration and
wink has a wonderful product I really
really like them and so the trouble with
wine is you might know especially for me
is I don't really know that much about
it I know a lot about cigars I don't
know anything
about wine so you go to the wine store
and you just think like okay how are
these people gonna rip me off now what
this could it be it all sort of tasted
wet so that I guess that's it
wink makes this much easier for you so
wink WI n C makes it very easy to
discover great wine their wine experts
select wines matched to your taste
personalized for you shipped right to
your door and starting at just 13
dollars a bottle there's nothing like
coming home to a crate of delicious link
wine selected just for you
it is the best day of your month so what
you do is you fill out their palate quiz
I took it and it's not questions like a
tea I like to get drunk yeah I do that
no that's not it's that's not we're a
little more sophisticated here it's
questions like you know do you how do
you like salt how do you take your
coffee it's much more of a connoisseur
ship and so you answer that and they
will send you wines curated to your
taste the more wines you rate the more
personalized your monthly selections
each month there are new delicious wines
like the very popular summer water rose
a which is the most masculine drink many
people tell me the rose a it's you know
it kind of like hides the masculinity
behind a beautiful delicious pink patina
there are no membership fees you can
skip any month cancel anytime shipping
is covered you don't have to worry about
that if you don't like a bottle that
they send you they will replace it with
a bottle that you will love no questions
asked I usually send back all the empty
bottles I say yeah I didn't really like
them could you replace them with they're
the same ones are fine I'll try them
again discover great wine today go to
try wink winc dot-com slash Knolls KO
wles you will get $20 off your first
shipment that is t ry wi n see.com slash
Knolls KO wles
for $20 off try wink comm slash Knolls
that's that's how you should do it
that's if you know everything in
moderation I'm not saying we should be
like abstinent from all of the kind of
fun little chemicals in this world no
all of the especially the ones that have
been around for all of human
civilization but you should do it in in
connoisseurship
and you should do it not to excess so
your life is too short to drink bad wine
make sure you drink good one back to the
ante
presents 25 million Americans have been
on antidepressants for at least two
years that is a 60% increase in the last
eight years 66 0:15 point five million
Americans have been on them for at least
five years that is a huge night is what
five percent of the country have been on
these drugs for at least five years in
some cases much longer that number has
doubled since 2010 and that number has
tripled since 2000 the growth rate is
shockingly high in Britain
antidepressant prescription rates have
also doubled in the past decade and
something that no one really seemed to
give much care about when they were
prescribing all of these drugs to all of
America is withdrawal it just hasn't
really been studied it hasn't been
sufficiently studied you think if you
give people a ton of happy pills that if
they go off them you might have some
adverse side effects now we're just
beginning to see that in New Zealand
three-quarters of long-term users of
these antidepressant drugs reported
difficult withdrawal symptoms half of
long-term users of psychiatric drugs in
the u.s. who were able to quit said that
the withdrawal was severe those are just
the people who were able to quit and
that's half of them half of the people
who tried to quit could not quit because
the withdrawal was so severe we have
this image in our head of the heroin
addict you know shaking from withdrawal
symptoms but withdrawal has been very
severe even on what we think or just out
my doctor gave it to me
my doctor wrote me a prescription for
this severe so severe that half of the
people couldn't quit antidepressants
originally were a short-term treatment
for mood swings they would be prescribed
for six to nine months or if there were
some traumatic event they'd be
prescribed and they'd kind of get you
get you through the event who knows
about the wisdom of that but they were
not broadly considered to be these
permanent solutions consider some of
these other numbers white women over 45
that Medicare those that people account
for just 20% of the US population they
account for 40% of users of
antidepressant pills those same white
women account for 58 percent of
long-term antidepressant users not just
six to nine months but longer-term we
have to ask ourselves what's
with middle-aged white women why are
their lives so hard and terrible that
they're taking all these pills now there
is an objection here I should be clear
I'm not telling anybody to stop their
medication talk to your doctors talk to
your psychiatrists there is such a thing
as clinical depression there is such a
thing as serious physical problems I'm
not saying get off your happy pills but
it seems quite clear from the numbers
that these are being vastly over
prescribed and there might be other
explanations for this the one objection
you say okay well everybody is on these
happy pills now but maybe that's a good
thing maybe that's a good thing
shouldn't it maybe it's helping people
not be depressed or help them live
better lives or whatever except that
doesn't hold up because it there isn't
just a drug epidemic it's not just
antidepressants or pot or booze or
opioids or whatever it's not just that
it's in there's an epidemic of suicide
as well suicide is the tenth leading
cause of death in the United States
deaths from suicide are up almost a full
quarter they're up 24 percent between
1999 and 2014 that's just suicide writ
large the biggest uptick as always is
among middle-aged men because suicide is
mostly a problem for white males white
middle-aged males or constitute the
lion's share of suicide victims but
there's also now a major uptick in young
women a major uptick for women who are
between 10 and 14 years old from 1999 to
2014 there was a 200% increase in
suicide 200% white women had a 60%
increase in suicide over that time
period over that 15-year period and the
vast majority 83 percent of women who
commit suicide are white this is a
problem of middle-aged white women you
could say so it looks like the
antidepressants aren't working the
demographics taking the antidepressants
at the highly increased rates are the
same ones that are killing themselves at
very increased rates obviously something
isn't working what's the problem what is
wrong with with all of these
demographics but particularly these
women who are killing themselves in
increased rates and taking
antidepressant drugs at
rates it seems to me the problem here is
philosophical not psychological but Marx
said Karl Marx said that religion is the
opiate of the masses or religion is the
opium of the people the full quote is
longer than that religion is the sigh of
the oppressed creature the heart of a
heartless world the soul of soulless
conditions it is the opium of the people
religion might be the opium of the
people but when religion isn't the opium
of the people opium is the opium of the
people that's what we're seeing that's
what we're seeing around us right now
we're seeing it with antidepressants
we're seeing with booze we're seeing
with pot and we're seeing it literally
with opium and opiates again why is that
what Marx is mocking religion he's
saying this is just a crutch for a
heartless world the soulless world but
what if the world isn't heartless and
what if it isn't soulless what if the
world does have heart what if you can
take heart what if the world does
episode what if you have a soul the
issue here is the problem of suffering
suffering isn't going to go away
communism tried to fix suffering it
tried to perfect human nature try to
eliminate this problem of evil and this
problem was suffering from reality and
what did it do it increased the
suffering and it multiplied the evil god
knows how many fold it increased it
incredibly was the bloodiest century in
history until the modern era people
understood this they accepted suffering
that there is a there is a purpose to
life and there is such a thing as virtue
and suffering in here is in life you see
this in all of the ancients you see this
infinite medievals you see this all the
way up to the modern era and then now we
have to wonder well how do we get rid of
sight I don't want suffering that
doesn't make sense there's no purpose to
life it's just you know we're all just
molecules floating around and
consciousness as an illusion and free
will is an illusion and my soul is an
illusion and virtue is an illusion
there's no such thing as morality it's
just kind of been constructed over time
by our random genetic forces and virtue
that is certainly an illusion if you
think that your meet you're gonna treat
yourself like meat if you think you're
just a physical object you're just going
to treat yourself like a physical object
and so we have this trouble because
people realize they can pretend that
they're meat they can pretend that
there's no soul and there's no spiritual
aspect of life bye
they still suffer but suffering isn't
physical we know sufferings not physical
other than in very very rare cases and
for periods of time suffering is also a
spiritual condition we feel that and so
our first reaction is to just pop some
pills if I'm physical and there's
something wrong with the physical the
solution has to be physical it can't be
philosophical it has to be psychological
if you know that your spirit you'll
treat yourself like spirit if you know
that there's a purpose to life and you
know that there are virtues and you know
that there are external virtues and
internal virtues and that there are
goods to be acquired in the outside
world and there are goods in the in
yourself integrity and yourself goods in
the doing of the thing then you will
treat yourself that way and you will
have a better life and life will be much
better and it will seem rosier and it
won't seem like a heartless world and it
won't seem like a soulless world you'll
realize that there is heart and soul and
purpose it would dramatically reduce
this problem we have a product we have a
lot more people taking antidepressants
we have a lot more people killing
themselves anyway that is a
philosophical problem there isn't
something physical that's just changed
in the last 15 years what has changed is
our view of the world in our view of
ourselves and we've been deluded by a
bunch of half-wits and middlebrow pseudo
intellectuals who tell us there's no
such thing as God there is such a thing
as God and I and I want to be the
middlebrow intellectual to tell you that
I want to be the middlebrow
pseudo-intellectual to let you know that
because it's ridiculous
that that fad is finally passing among
literary and intellectual and publishing
circles and I hope it passes in the
popular culture as well because we're
seeing the wake of that awful
spiritual and literary and philosophical
phenomenon Winston Churchill had a great
line on this question he said the
destiny of mankind is not decided by
material computation when great causes
are on the move in the world stirring
all men's souls drawing them from their
firesides casting aside comfort wealth
and the pursuit of happiness
in response to impulses at once all
striking and irresistible we learned
that we are spirits not animals and that
something is going on in space and time
and beyond space and time which whether
we like it or not
spells duty spells duty purpose a reason
to be here something that you have to do
there's a question of why the lion's
share of these antidepressant takers are
middle-aged white women and I suspect
that it might have something to do with
the the leisure afforded to that
demographic among other demographics
there is a sense of hopelessness if one
doesn't realize that there's a purpose
to life one doesn't realize that there
is a hope and that you're here for a
reason and it isn't just about making
money it isn't just about have a lot of
people who stay on and raise their kids
they can't really go back to the
workforce and make a lot of money so
they might feel hopeless they're women
at that women of a certain age sometimes
aren't the most sensual as they once
were and so you might say there's a load
what's what purpose is that they're
there they're not raising kids anymore a
lot of the kids are out of the house at
that point they said what is my purpose
what am I here for I've done I've
checked all of the boxes that I was
supposed to do and there's no God and
there's no soul and there's no purpose
so I'm just uh I'm just Beth I'm just
here but that isn't the case that that's
a delusion and until people write that
philosophical problem there they're not
going to be able to write the
psychological problem I'll tie this back
to Teddy Kennedy because I don't want
that I don't want to let this whole show
go by without insulting Teddy Kennedy
but it does tie in a little bit which is
that the I saw the movie Chappaquiddick
over the weekend it's excellent go see
it it's absolutely honest in its
portrayal it's made by lefty filmmakers
it's not made by conservatives
nevertheless it's pretty brutal I
explain why I think it was able to be
made at this point I explained that on
Drew's show today so you can go over
there I also wrote a review about it on
The Daily wire what I want to focus on
is the person of Teddy Kennedy himself
because this movie is that really the
first time that the popular culture has
admitted that Teddy Kennedy was just an
absolute degenerate he was a womanizing
cheating lying dishonest man
slaughtering drunk who didn't really
take any responsibility for his life and
just grifted on the public the public
dime and the public attention for his
entire life and just an absolute
derelict and when he retired from the
Senate or absurd when he died they
called him the Lion of the Senate that's
the Democrats so he's the Lion of the
Senate he's this great man they wouldn't
they wouldn't talk about it the Andrea
Mitchell said that the heavens were
weeping for Teddy Kennedy now we're
getting the real story and it's
interesting to look at him because the
Kennedys so debased American politics
they stole the 1960 election they were
just the things that JFK did with his
interns all around the White House and
appointing you know all of these
questionable people to positions and Ted
Kennedy obviously he didn't have the
integrity to resign and after he killed
that poor girl he kept going he played
the victim he wore a bogus neck brace
and yet people saw him turning his necks
it was all all just about him me me me
how do I rise to power Teddy Kennedy as
a public figure was a man without virtue
he didn't practice the virtues he wasn't
temperate he wasn't just he was he just
didn't have them he was cowardly he just
did not exhibit any integrity and that
has fed through all the way up through
Clinton and into the the present
political situation where you see
politicians on both sides of the aisle
being a little bit more open and a
little bit more craven about that that's
the world without virtue that's that's
the world where we're just all meat and
we're all just in it to win for
ourselves and I don't know maybe it's
providential timing hopefully this can
be a turning point we say oh I don't
really like that we carried water for
that big fat drunken lecherous lout for
50 years and maybe we should stop that
what would happen if we don't do that
what if we don't pretend that Teddy
Kennedy is anything better than a
degenerate maybe we could get people who
are generous give people are actually
decent and people with integrity or more
integrity that's that's some hope to
leave it on but the question is a virtue
and that's I think at the heart of all
of this all right we've got to talk a
little bit about comedy but I got to
think about a Facebook and YouTube don't
I terrible terror because we got it we
got to talk to an excellent guest coming
up Frank and before we do that it is
here our next episode of the
conversation that episode will be
tomorrow April 10th
at 5:30 Eastern 2:30 Pacific if you
haven't already joined the conversation
series is our monthly QA hosted by
Alicia Kraus where we answer any and all
questions from politics to the personal
and you know I'm a FEMINIST man so the
politics is the personal this month's
episode features our very own Andrew
Clavin it will stream live on The Daily
wires Facebook and YouTube pages the
episode will be free for everyone to
watch but only subscribers can ask the
questions to ask questions as a
subscriber log in to our website daily
wire.com head over to the conversation
page to watch the live stream after that
just start typing into the daily wire
chat box where drew will answer
questions as they come in for an entire
hour once again subscribe to get your
questions answered by andrew Clavin on
Tuesday April 10th at 5:30 p.m. Eastern
2:30 p.m. Pacific and join the
conversation you have to be a member to
do that that's why you've got to drive
your nut look if you're at the daily
wire.com right now thank you very much
you keep the lights on you know many are
called but few were chosen
many everybody gets to listen but only
subscribers get to ask the questions you
get your mailbag questions in you get me
at the under Clayton sure you give Ben
Shapiro show blah blah blah here it is
I got a tab barely got out of that movie
theater alive when I saw Chappaquiddick
I went in there I thought oh this will
just be some lefty film and they'll make
him look nice I so thankfully I carried
a life raft with me so I could sail out
on the salty and delicious leftist tears
that filled the entire theater I should
have brought my leftist ears tumblr this
is the only fda-approved device and
vessel for those salty delicious leftist
ears go to daily wire comm right now
we'll be right back
all right I want to bring on Frank J
Fleming now finally author of sidequest
in realms ungoogleable
thanks for having me so Frank this book
it's a comic fantasy it's a it's a
fantasy that's very funny
and I I really haven't read anything
like it before but I really enjoyed it
how would you describe it well it's
about mild mannered computer programmer
who on one one day on his way to work
goes on a trail II he's always seen
before but never really bothered to go
go down just a road off a his usual way
to work and he's given a sword by
fairies which seems kind of unusual and
then he and then he starts to notice
things like his boss is a demon there's
they sacrifice people be beneath his
office building and his girlfriend works
for an evil entity and raids villages at
night and he thinks all this is kind of
odd but he's the only one yeah it's just
you know it's just business as usual the
one thing that really drew my attention
to it is I did this show with Andrew
flavin called another Kingdom where it's
another conservative satirist who's
writing about fairies and this magical
land I don't know what it is about us
conservatives writing about fairies but
there's something there's something
deeply Freudian probably back there you
you write a lot of conservative satire I
love conservative satire on the longtime
fan of PJ O'Rourke I remember in college
I would read he wrote an excellent essay
called um Republican Party reptile how
to drive fast on drugs while getting
your wing-wang squeezed and not spill
your drink that was the name of an
important political essay my upbringing
you do it yourself you're a practitioner
what do you think about the state of
political satire in the age of Trump
it's absolutely dead it's dead because
we're beyond satire aren't we well I
mean I try to come up with something
like hey what's something ridiculous and
then Trump tops pops me and then like oh
what's like the most ridiculous response
to that and then the left tops me is
just I don't have the imagination for it
anymore it just seems like you know I
just
be reality this is how I feel about the
conservative or what I think is probably
a secret crypto conservative website but
it's my favorite website on the Internet
everyday feminism it is so good it has
reached the point where you cannot tell
if it is satire or earnest and at that
point one has to sort of throw up one's
hands and say oh well that's too much
the thing about Trump that I love though
is in the age of Bush when george w bush
wouldn't strike back he was free
dignified john stewart had a ball
stephen colbert the same thing they were
able to be very satirical because they
were playing off a straight man now
Donald Trump is funnier than any of them
he is a better stage comedian than any
of those satirist so you just have Jimmy
Kimmel crying instead conservatives
right now they seem to be the funny ones
we're the ones laughing we're on the
internet you know with the memes and
everything the left is so unfunny
they're like Sandra Fluke that meme you
know of the abortion or the
contraception activist just like arms
folded and that's not funny why I went
oh why is that why are conservatives the
funny ones right now why is the left so
unfunny well I think a few like me I'm
one of those who's just like completely
detached after 2016 I mean that was a
that was an interesting election it was
a tough one because you had you know it
was like choosing between prime rib and
lobster I mean it's just like how can I
pick just one and you know please give
me both yeah yeah there was it's like
you just froze they're looking for the
both option and you know I don't know
combine them like Hillary and Trump like
oh he'll romper
but Hillary you know yeah yeah and it's
you know and it's like oh I guess you
know things are great now we're not
needed anymore and so I just kind of
detached a bit and when you detach it
you don't take it so seriously I mean
this has been like the most entertaining
presidency ever I it's just it's yeah
it's constant amusement I mean you're on
Twitter he's always on there keeping
things interesting and it's you know it
it's pretty nice it's a lot of fun and
then but everybody's just like getting
so worked up about it I guess they're
not it's like you know it's like that
Andy Kaufman thing they're just but
they're they're not in on the joke
they're all yelling at him I I think
this is actually
the reason I think you've you've hit on
exactly why conservatives are the funny
ones right now and the left is so
unfunny is that conservatives have other
things you know a conservatives have
other things going on so politics isn't
the end of the world for us tax rates go
up tax rates go down sometimes it's
better sometimes it's worse not in that
order and you know it's the government
is always a nuisance politics is always
gonna try to encroach on us and but you
know we have culture we have God above
the culture and there are other things
that we have our families and that sort
of thing but for the left the political
is the personal and it's just they
worship it like it's a religion and who
cares you know if you give your a lot
put not your faith in Princes if you
live your life just only caring about
what's happening in politics you're
gonna be very disappointed I think yeah
I mean that's the problem with true
conservatives they don't they have way
more important things to worry about
than politics and so that it's just like
you know they are we so so it's like
they're the ones who's gonna check out
you know when things like you know if
when everybody else is like putting all
their energy into it that you know they
have other things to do I got kids to
get to t-ball and stuff I can't be
freaking out about this you know I like
to I like to read a good book in the
morning and not get up worked up by the
news so I mean it's now this actually
does bring me this brings me to a
serious question about you and your
audience is conservatives as you know
are Philistines even I I don't really
read novels hardly ever I don't read a
ton of fiction how are you finding the
book is being received it's really if I
really enjoyed when someone puts a book
in front of me or they say I think
you'll like this Michael this kind of
has similar themes that you like I read
it I really is really fun to read how
was the response well it's a little
tougher marketing a novel that I thought
there's only my second one and you know
if you go to Amazon there's got to be I
don't know dozens of different novels to
choose from and you gotta convince
people to buy yours and they have they
have almost ten novels on Amazon now
yeah yeah some of them are Harry Potter
but you know and then see the average
person reads maybe one book every decade
and so I got to convince them and read
mine over one of the Harry Potter's
mm-hmm which you know it's tough I don't
have you know Harry Ron Hermione in mind
but it is still
you put that hot little English tomato
in your series then maybe you'll be able
to do it but yeah I so I just try to you
know make it fun it's got some pop
culture references which are big and
like that ready player one thing but
it's got a few other things in just pop
culture references so it's actually like
a story yeah it's I really like it
because I try to I have to read a lot
you know it's basically the only
requirement of this job is you have to
read a lot and so I'll be before bed
I'll be reading some moral philosophy or
something and you know I'm reading
Alistair McIntyre whom I really like and
you get four syllables in and then your
acid then it's 8:00 in the morning you
know then that you get four syllables in
and you're just dead to the world
but this is a really fun this kept me up
and so I definitely recommend going out
and getting it the book is sidequest in
realms ungoogleable
frank thank you for being here hey
thanks for having me try to say that
five times fast Frank J Fleming Frankie
Fleming Frank that I don't know go get
it a good book side quest in realms on
googled okay that's our show for the day
we have much more to talk about but
we're at a time sorry folks go over to
Daley wire get your mailbag questions in
I'm gonna start they're gonna be
percolating and I'm gonna be on the road
coming up soon I think next week so I'll
give some more details on that when they
come out but I'm gonna be in Mobile
Alabama
I believe it's April 17th to visit the
Alabama Policy Institute and give a talk
there so if you are so inclined and
you're in the area you're hanging around
mobile go over there and I think tickets
are still available on the Alabama
Policy Institute website okay Michael
Knowles this is the Michael Nolt show
we'll see you tomorrow
the Michael Knoll show is a daily wire
forward publishing production executive
producer Jeremy boring senior producer
Jonathan hey supervising producer Mathis
Glover our technical producer is Austin
Stevens edited by Alex Zangaro audio is
mixed by Mike Cora Mina herons makeup is
by Joshua Avera copyright forward
publishing 2018
