if the person who listens to what I say
next is going to be the happiest person
in about 20 years okay 20 years now it
takes a long time to find you today
moaning because nobody nobody's gonna
believe what I say but the thing is and
this is an insight from Christianity and
insight from st. Paul is you begin to
find eudaimonia by realizing that you
kinda suck right the the Bible says no
one is righteous no not one you kind of
suck and what does it mean you kind of
suck well you kind of suck because you
pretend you're brave but you're really
scared out of your wits you pretend
you're honest but really every one of
you knows that some in some way your
life is a lie and you're putting on a
show for people and you pretend you care
about people and sometimes you care
about people but a lot of times yeah you
know not so much and because you're not
what you know in your heart you're
supposed to be you're constantly
terrified that people are gonna find out
what you really are and I offer you this
experiment listen to your friends listen
to how much of what they say is trying
to convince you of what a good person
they are incredible incredible number of
words actions go into people just trying
to show that they have virtue when they
know they don't and it makes you unhappy
you know this is this is another one of
my issues with the left the left is
always telling people that they're
unhappy because of injustice this
injustice here and this person is
mistreating you there and that person's
mistreating you there and that kind of
thinking makes you weak because you're
dependent on other people to change in
order to find happiness once you realize
that you're unhappy because you suck
then it's in your control and you can
start to find happiness how do you do it
how do you pursue happiness well because
the problem is is that you're not
righteous you pursue virtue what the
Greeks called arattai it means
excellence okay and you can pursue
virtue both in the moral sphere and you
can pursue it in the professional sphere
sphere you can pursue it all the time
every day and when you turn yourself
toward virtue in your life you continue
to suck because you're a human being but
you actually start to have eudaimonia it
takes a while but it happens
