the majority of college students now
oppose free speech according to recent
polls which is a very hilarious and
subtle irony that these students are
giving their opinion they're telling
someone their opinion that they oppose
free speech that is neither here nor
there
left wing commentators want to Gaslight
us all on this and insist that the
campus free speech crisis is nothing
more than a myth we will analyze the
facts and discuss what can be done about
it with North Carolina lieutenant
governor Dan Forrest a driving force
behind the restore campus free speech
act then a history of the Free Speech
Movement and wide leftist activist Sam
relies on lies I'm Michael Knowles and
this is the Michael Noel's show
so much to talk about today well we
still have the ability to use our voices
and to speak and to give our opinions
there's a lot to talk about because
there are a ton of misconceptions out
there and lefties at Fox in the
Washington Post are simply lying to the
American people on the question of the
free speech crisis on campus but before
we get to that speaking of the campus
speaking of things that you learn things
that better you ways to rise up in
society let's talk about Skillshare and
let's keep the lights on because that
just helps me personally rise up in
society is when advertisers support the
show so you should support them too they
are wonderful advertisers like
Skillshare and this one is a no-brainer
the Michael Nolt show is brought to you
by Skillshare and I've talked about
Skillshare a lot I've talked about them
for a long time it's an online learning
platform with over 18,000 classes in
design and business and technology and
more and the ones that I really like are
fall into the more category because you
know I know is in college I studied
history and Italian literature I
basically am allergic to any useful
skills I don't know I don't know that I
possess any and I certainly wouldn't
want to even if I could so there there
is some skills that you can get on
Skillshare which are really they don't
seem to apply just to an industry so one
for instance is time management
there are some classes on that that's
really important especially in this age
where we're all talking about how we
need to make our beds and get our life
in order and clean our rooms that's a
very important skill they also have
pretty interesting ones hypnosis all of
this and then if you want to be useful
and actually grow your skills for a job
you can do all of that to design
business technology and more you can
take classes in graphic design social
media marketing illustration mobile
photography blank book writing a you
name it they've got it most of those I
think so whether you're trying to deepen
your professional skill set start a side
hustle or just explore a new passion
skill share is there to keep you
learning and thriving it's really
important now we're in an age where you
don't just work at the plant for 60
years and get a pension none of that
exists anymore no aspect of what I just
said so you need to have a lot of
different skills you need to be able to
work on a side hustle so
you can join the millions of students
already learning on Skillshare today
with a special offer just from my
listeners you can get two months of
Skillshare for just 99 cents don't say I
never did nothing for you that is a good
deal it is practically free and the best
thing of all is you keep my lights on
you also will make yourself much better
and more employable and recognize the
depths of life and see the world in a
more complex and beautiful way and you
keep my lights on Skillshare is offering
Michael no shell listeners two months of
unlimited access to over 18,000 classes
for just 99 cents practically free to
sign up go to Skillshare comm slash
michael mi CH AE l again go to
Skillshare dot-com slash michael mi CH
AE l to start your two months now you
would be foolish not to do it
Skillshare comm slash michael okay
leftists are denying that there is a
crisis of free speech on campus i don't
know if you've seen the think pieces
over the last few years
matthew Yglesias / voxcom he's actually
arguing that support for free speech is
rising right now on campuses how he does
that is a great question Jeffrey Sachs
at the Washington Post says that the
crisis is absolutely a myth it's just a
scare mongering by fragile little
conservatives fragile little
conservatives were being beaten with
bats on college campuses and disinvited
from speaking there and Andrew Hartman
at the Washington Post says that
students have never been hostile to
speech Oh old people always say that
students Rossville speech that has never
been the Clay's case they claim that
opinion surveys show this they say oh
well you know this survey says that
students really support free speech and
in a certain sense they're right there
have been public opinion surveys that
show that's students I don't know we
shouldn't censor this speech we
shouldn't censor this speech the trouble
is that when the students actually get
to campus and when the rubber hits the
road you know when they actually have to
put their ideas into practice they
completely balk they say disinvite
speakers they shriek they yell they
shout people down and in some cases like
charles murray went during one
campus visits they assaulted the
speaker's other people by the way have
shown that all of these claims from the
lefty journalists just are not true so
and that isn't just conservatives who
say that this is people from across the
political spectrum social scientists
Sean Stevens and Jonathan Hite have
shown this they there was this giant
survey that I think a lot of the lefty
journalists are relying on but when you
focus the research down onto the kids
who are actually in college now not the
35 year olds not the people who were out
of college not even the Millennials when
you focus it on the I Jim the generation
that comes right after Millennials
people who entered college in 2015 and
onward there is a downturn in support
for controversial speakers these are not
Millennials we love to knock Millennials
there are plenty of reasons to knock
them but the people who are actually
shouting down conservative speakers
right now and guzzling laundry detergent
in the form of those delicious Tide Pods
those are actually the next generation
that's ai-jen another writer Robbie so
of from Reason writes how lefties who
are using the General Social Survey the
GSS that's what Iglesias and all of
those guys at waffle were citing there
they're not including the people who
were there now so sure it uses older
generations it uses Millennials but
actually some of those statistics
actually exclude the students who were
in college they exclude those for
instance who live in group quarters and
I don't know if you've ever been to
college but group quarters is a fancy
way of saying dormitories that's where
people live in college and if it's
excluding them then not only is it
giving you a lot of information that you
don't need
it's excluding the only information
you're asking for which is what do
college students right now think of free
speech now it's true even on this survey
there are increases in the tolerance for
things like speech regarding
homosexuality or speech regarding
communism certainly decades ago this
would have been unheard of to be so open
and tolerant of those two things but
obviously opinion has utterly shifted in
America on those particular issues since
the fall of the Soviet Union and since
the gay rights movement think about
racism however according to
this survey in 1976 seventy-three
percent of people thought that alleged
racists should not be censored that
number has dropped to 56 percent by 2015
mind you this isn't saying we endorse
racist speakers or we hold racist views
it's simply saying people who hold views
that some might consider racist should
not be censored and that level is
dropping precipitously and of course
it's always a tough question to say well
what is racism these days the left
accuses anybody who wants to lower taxes
of being a racist of Ann Coulter one
time at when I was in college gave me
excellent advice which is that when I
left three calls you a racist you know
that you've won the argument because
they just resort to these attacks these
vague attacks that just hit your
character and in America there's no
worse thing to be called there is
nothing worse than being called a racist
in America they know that so they bandy
the term about and now only 56% of
people believe that alleged racists
should not be censored
in 1976 a quarter of people thought that
racist books should be banned from
libraries about 25% of Americans that
number has increased to 39% by 2015 that
books that are deemed racist now who
knows what's a what's a racist book
there's that book always cited the bell
curve which in one line says there might
be racial differences in IQ and this has
no bearing on public policy the one line
no for a few people have even read the
book most people have just read
summaries of it with that book be banned
what else would it be banned would would
other polemical books from conservatives
social scientific books that disagree
with leftist orthodoxy would those all
be banned that is from 1976 to 2015
there has been a 60% increase in
Americans who think that racist books or
allegedly racist books should be banned
from libraries that is a terrifying
increase according to a YouGov survey
58% of students don't want to be exposed
to intolerant and offensive ideas on
campus the majority of students who go
to college do not want to be exposed to
offensive ideas the entire purpose of
college is to
exposed to offensive ideas that is why
you go you want to be exposed to ideas
that you've never heard of before that
might offend your prejudices or the
things that are familiar to you and then
you get to figure out what you actually
think now the the majority a strong
majority of students don't want that
that same YouGov survey shows that 48%
of students believe that the First
Amendment should not protect hate speech
and you know that's all we do on this
program is we just spew hate facts we
cite hate statistics we read hate
philosophy and theology and hate history
you know almost half of students think
that the First Amendment which
explicitly protects unpopular speech
should not protect unpopular speech a
terrifying change a Cato Institute study
found that over half of college students
51% think that disrespectful people
should be stripped of their free speech
rights which looking around these
colleges I don't think anyone would be
able to speak anymore all of the
students would be rendered mute which
would be perfectly fine there there's a
lot more to talk about with this some
more evidence to smack around Matt
Iglesias and all those lefties at Vox
and the Washington Post where democracy
dies in darkness but we can't do that
because we will die in darkness if we
don't talk about our next advertiser
ring and this this really ties in
because ring is so important for making
neighborhoods safer that you want to
talk
look you can't get a safe space on a
college campus that's not what college
campuses are for but you should have a
safe space around your home and your
family and your property and ring can
actually provide that not a safe space
against offensive ideas but a safe space
against bad guys who want to do you harm
and take all of your property today over
a million people use the amazing ring
video doorbell to help protect their
homes ring knows that home security
begins at the front door but it doesn't
end at the front door so they are now
extending the same level of security to
the rest of your home with the ring
floodlight camera you probably know this
for for listeners and viewers of this
show when you try to break into
somebody's home don't let that light
will sometimes go on and scare you away
from whatever nefarious purpose you had
so for good people who want to protect
their homes against the likes of you
that they can now have this installed
with the ring floodlight cam and what
that does is it will videotape the
person it will up upload it right to the
cloud so even if you try to steal
somebody's doorbell or steal their
floodlight cam you can it'll already be
in the cloud so too bad bad guys and you
can share it with your neighbors you can
share it around you can tell them see
and speak to visitors even set off an
alarm right from your phone the
floodlight came when things go bump in
the night you'll know what it is whether
you're at home or a way sitting on a
beach in Cabo you the floodlight cam and
the doorbell will let you keep an eye on
your home from anywhere it's the
ultimate in home security
no more neighborhood watches no more
driving around to going to meetings or
whatever it's a 21st century get into it
save up to $150 off of a ring of
security kit when you go to ring calm /
Knolls
KO wles ring.com / knowles KO wles
like jay-z's wife ring calm / knowles
all right back to the other the safe the
unsafe spaces at colleges Katy Herzog at
writing of a stranger points out that
there is a survey from the knight
Foundation and Gallup that shows that
two-thirds of students believe the
Constitution should not protect hate
speech so that's another that's a survey
from Gallup two-thirds of students
didn't no longer believe in the First
Amendment they want to gut it they want
to repeal it they think that it should
not protect hate speech which really
just means speech that I don't agree
with that's the actual definition of it
john villa senior at Brookings I'm sure
I'm butchering that name sounds very
nice and exotic Villa signore but
there's no squiggly on the name but in
any case from Brookings Institution they
conducted a survey showing that
one-fifth of undergrads say that it is
okay to use physical force to silence
speakers who make offensive and hurtful
statements one in five undergrads are
anti facades in their unthought at least
they think it's perfectly fine to punch
somebody in the face if they say
something that you disagree with fifty
percent of students think that it's okay
to silence speakers by shouting over
them the hecklers veto I've seen this at
campus talks
all over the place they'll start yelling
at you they don't want to they don't
want you
to say what you want to say because
they're afraid of these thoughts they
don't believe that there is an objective
truth and that we were just debating
over what the nature of that is they
they believe that we're just competing
in a senseless world and I'm gonna yell
louder than you and that's how I'm gonna
win as far as those are the broad
statistics as far as particular campuses
go take a look at Clemson as Stanley
Kurtz outlines at national review and
2006 when the redefinition of marriage
was being debated gay marriage was being
debated Clemson conservatives wanted to
hold a rally to defend traditional
marriage they were told that they
couldn't do that by the administration
because the auditorium was outside of
the free speech zones the auditorium on
the college campus was not a free speech
zone so they were not allowed to do that
in 2010 faculty were told that they
needed administration approval before
they could speak with their own public
officials they had to get administration
approval to talk to their own
politicians and elected officials in
2012 the foundation for individual
rights in education fought with Clemson
again over these speech code policies
which speech zones where people were
allowed to say what they thought on a
college campus and ask questions in 2014
a faculty member called for publicly
shaming every single student who
attended an allegedly racist party now I
say allegedly racist because the party
was a gangster themed party you know
they're all these different parties on
campus there there's some pretty funny
ones usually the whole point of these
parties is to get girls to dress up in
skimpy outfits so they have you know
they'll have it like tennis bros and
sorority and then there will be words
that I probably shouldn't say on the
program but you know they always kind of
rhyme or something there was one called
dinosaurs and prostitutes or something
that's one of the parties so anyway
that's the idea for these things and
what's so awful about this though is
that the lefties here who are accusing
people of racism and trying to shame
students they are conflating gangsters
and black people they are the ones doing
it if it isn't the people or is it is
that we're gonna have a party of gangs
and they say oh you must mean black
people what when did I say that when did
I you're the one who's saying black
people are gangsters the same the
lefties who say that Republicans use a
dog whistles so you Republicans you're
using secret dog whistles to aggress
against black people or ethnic
minorities and one of the examples they
cite is law and order they say if you
support law and order that's a dog
whistle against black people if you talk
about getting tough on criminals
that's a dog whistle against black
people you say yeah I don't think black
people are criminals I don't think those
are synonymous at all you think that
that's a deeply offensive that you think
that perhaps you should go into a room
and think about what you've done and
analyze the basis of your own thoughts
that's not nice you know in 2015 back to
Clemson that was a side note on usage in
2015 campus activists under the group
see the stripes you know see the
Confederate stripes they basically say
that America is an awful racist place
this campus activist group demanded that
attendees of that party that after
mentioned gangster party be criminally
prosecuted you go to some stupid party
so you can see girls and skimpy clothing
then you shoot then you have to be
criminally prosecuted that was their
suggestion
later that month 110 professors signed a
full-page ad in the Clemson student
newspaper endorsing demands for
prosecution it's not look students are
always idiots that's almost the
definition of being a student 110 of
their professors whom Roger Roger
Kimball calls them tenured radicals
those people signed the petition saying
yes we should prosecute people for
trying to see girls in skimpy clothing
at a party and being a parent allegedly
racist there were three faculty members
who defended the First Amendment 110
opposed it three supported it in 2016
bananas were found too near a banner
honoring Black History on campus
activists called for criminal
prosecution
they found a banana they said this is an
aggression against black people it was
later discovered that the bananas were
not racially motivated at all
occasionally you just need to throw away
a banana peel or something if this was
known by the way by the administration
that it was not racially motivated even
as they kept silent in 2016 a clumps
our a a Resident Advisor tried to ban
displays of Harambee the gorilla the
gorilla who was shot at the zoo and
became an internet meme again I would
like to point out it is not the
conservatives here who are saying that
black people are like gorillas
it's the lefties who are saying this
horribly offensive thing so they're
they're the ones who put it up and you
say hey guys you know it that comparison
didn't even occur to us who's the one
who's thinking of the world in racial
and derogatory and defamatory terms it
would be the left you could go on and on
there's not even enough time to go over
all of the examples at Clemson then of
course there's dear old Yale we've all
seen shrieking girl you know the girl
this is not an intellectual space a lot
of people haven't seen what was said by
the professor just before that little
girl screamed in the in the couple hours
of debating before that here is a former
Yale professor Christakis with a content
of the speech I have the same objections
of the speech that you do the same ones
everybody says I am hurt does that mean
everyone else has to stop speaking but
that's not what was happening with the
content of your speech shrieking girl
standing right there by the way as
you'll see in a second that is the
Liberal Democrat professor Nicholas
Christakis explaining what free speech
means doesn't mean I agree with the
content of your speech it means I agree
with your right to say what you would
like to say and then like civilized
people will debate these things and
ideally my ideas will win because
they're more correct these these
students like they've never heard of
this before like this we're a totally
foreign concept to them because it is a
foreign concept to them how was that
totally reasonable explanation met here
is shrieking girl jabs screen a place of
comfort and
now as you all know this show also is
not about creating an intellectual space
most of the time but today we have a
wonderful guest to talk about the free
speech crisis on campus and so I guess
we'll create an intellectual space for
just a little bit and then we'll go back
to just babbling and incoherence and
here to join us to tell us what to do
about this crisis is North Carolina
lieutenant governor Dan Forrest who is
the driving force behind the restore
campus free speech Act your honor thank
you for being here I'm not a judge
Michael but thank you very much it's
great to be with you thanks for having
me on I certainly enjoyed the lead-in to
this I think it was pretty apropos and
we don't always have the time to set
these things up like you just did so we
can jump right in well thank you very
much and I must tell you I'll apologize
for the greeting it's it's very
difficult to figure out the title for
lieutenant governor I obviously would
prefer to call you governor already I'd
even be happy to call you president
because of all of your excellent
leadership on this issue just quickly
you know I think we can we've knocked
down all of this ridiculous argument
that there isn't a crisis you have been
a leader on this issue what does this
bill do what does this law do rather
well I mean let's take it let's take a
step back right I think what we have to
do is a lot of times is get to the heart
of these matters I think you set it up
appropriately the professor in that last
clip you were playing there set it up
appropriately to you know the real
question is who gets to decide these
things that's what needs to be
emblazoned in the minds of these
students
who are saying let's control all this
speech let's create all these safe
spaces against us haters and bigots and
phobes of all different kinds who gets
to decide what is appropriate speech and
what is not well to the left it's the
left that gets to decide what is
appropriate speech and so we've seen all
over the country as you mentioned
earlier the hecklers veto it has become
the new way to tell people what they can
and can't say on college campuses so
we've had students all over the country
and faculty members and so forth the
faculty are the administration
themselves that invite speakers to come
to a campus and speak about whatever the
topic may be and then you have the
hecklers veto shut them down and you and
I would both agree that the shutting
down of free speech does not equal free
speech and that's what we've really seen
all over the country is these people
think they're operating under their
First Amendment rights when they do this
but this is really not what the First
Amendment was created to do so we want
to protect the First Amendment we want
to protect free speech and I'm not a big
fan of just creating policy for the sake
of creating policy but what we've seen
is that our colleges and universities
across the country and even here in
North Carolina had run amuck on that yes
and I personally believe that we don't
need safe spaces on college campuses I
believe America is a free speech zone
it's a it should be a safe space and we
need to make sure that all of our
campuses abide by the same kind of laws
that we do you know everywhere else in
America so we saw this happening we said
we need to nip this in the bud in North
Carolina we need to make sure that what
happened at Berkley and other places
doesn't happen here so we started to
craft policy along with Stanley Kurtz
Goldwater Institute and others that did
just that and the way that we went about
that was just trying to be very
reasonable and really try to assign this
policy to protect the First Amendment
for all students on the campus and so we
put together what we believe is a kind
of a uniform standard policy that we
would like to see rolled out across the
country but you mentioned fire earlier
as well and I'll I'll hit on them fire
is this nonpartisan foundation that
ranks universities and colleges across
the country on their access to free
speech so they have as you know a green
light yellow light red light rating
system and if you're green you're good
first free speech and if you're yellow
you're not as good and if you're red
that's just bad well when we started
this process we had of our seventeen in
public institutions higher higher
education institutions we had one green
light University in North Carolina that
was University of Chapel Hill we started
talking about that just talking about
this the policy had not been enacted yet
prior to the policy being enacted just
because we were bringing it to people's
attention and letting them know we were
paying attention we moved from one to
six institutions pretty much overnight
and I'll give the campuses credit for
this as they stepped up and said we want
to be a green light institution so we
saw just the fact that the political
environment was paying attention
we saw the universities pay attention as
well so I'll just hit the highlights and
you can ask questions but the highlights
of the policy are real simple it just
said you can't shut down somebody's free
speech if they're invited to the campus
there has to be a time place and manner
for them to be able to speak freely
without the hecklers veto there still
has to be a time place and manner for
demonstrations to take place or even
spontaneous demonstrations but you can't
shut down somebody else's free speech
and call it free speech and if you do
that again and again and again then
there are repercussions for doing that
with due process due process should
always take place but we put our board
of governors who oversees our university
system in charge of this and we said you
know we're not going to shut down
professors free speech we're not going
to tell them what to say we're not going
to control the environment on the
university in any way other than to say
the University campus is a free speech
zone and so we really opened up our
universities to make sure we protected
our students make sure that our
university system and the individual
campuses didn't get involved didn't
involve their students in the process of
policy at the General Assembly telling
them requiring them of how they needed
to act in regard to those kind of
policies being created and that the
point of that hecklers veto that's such
an important point to drive home that
there are repercussions for this that it
is not free speech Chesterton wrote a
North
Doxey he said there's a thought that
stops thought and that's the only
thought that ought to be stopped there
is speech that stops speech and you
can't you can't have that those aren't
there's no moral equivalence there it's
it's wonderful to hear that the campuses
actually stepped up a little at least a
lot of the campuses did and said no we
want to protect free speech we didn't
realize we weren't doing this and we
want to do it now and yet when this
passed the legislature in North Carolina
you got ten yes votes from Democrats the
Senate however passed it along strict
party lines and your governor Democrat
Roy Cooper allowed it to pass into law
without vetoing it that's very good but
also without signing it what does that
say about the momentum for these kind of
laws about the appetite why are
Democrats still keeping this an arm's
length when even many colleges want to
embrace it and want to live up to the
highest ideals of the university well I
think because the left has co-opted the
Democrat Party there's just you know
that's just the way it is and they have
to appease their base and so the reason
the Senate voted for it unanimously
North Carolina's because all the
Democrats walked out of the room so it
was just Republicans actually voting on
it the Democrats decided to get up and
leave they didn't do that in that house
so they played they play political
football with this one and the governor
again just kind of ignored it and said
well I want to play it both ways I'm not
gonna sign it and you know they all just
kind of pander and say there's a lot of
things we don't like about it but
there's some things we do like about it
listen we worked very closely with the
university system we wanted the
University of his universities and the
Chancellor's to be partners in this we
believe it protects the Chancellor's we
believe it protects the universities why
would you pick a side and run headlong
with a certain side that could get you
in trouble as a university by going out
against the the first amendment so we
think that protects Chancellor's it
keeps Chancellor's from having to stand
up in front of their mob on the
University and say we're picking a side
on this because you mom want us to pick
aside the Chancellor's can say we don't
get engaged in these things we don't get
engaged in this our campus is a free
speech zone and we're going to protect
free speech and we're not going to you
know spend a whole lot of time worrying
about safe spaces and trigger warnings
all these kind of things that we're
seeing pop up all over all over America
you know you and I get offended every
single day we don't fall into our hole
and start crying about our offense right
we want to go do something about it if
we're offended we want to teach people
we want to we want to educate people the
reason students act this way about the
First Amendment because we allowed a
whole group of students to pass through
13 grades of school to go on to college
without ever learning a single thing
about our Constitution why our
Constitution exists why the principles
of that Constitution were founded upon
our Declaration of Independence why did
that matter what were the grievances
that our founding fathers had against
the king that all came from the
foundation of Western civilization and a
great history that came before that we
don't teach these things anymore and so
we because we don't teach these
foundations we have a whole generation
of people now that have no basis for the
understanding of these things that
they're out espousing and protesting
against than anything else they are the
most highly credentialed and least
educated generation one could imagine
and you make the excellent point on the
Chancellor's and on the university
presidents which is that the
universities that have caved or been
unclear about how they're going to deal
with free speech issues they have
totally imploded
I remember when Yale was sort of ground
zero for this I wrote a letter to the
president of Yale and I said you think
that you're protecting yourself by
playing nicely with these kids and
trying to accommodate them this will not
work out for you they will not rest here
their their goal is not to preserve the
ideals of the University it's to hollow
out the university where as places like
Purdue University where former Indiana
governor mitch Daniels is president he
made it very clear he said we support
free speech this is not a negotiation
well I'm just telling you how it is
everything calmed down the University of
Chicago same thing other states now are
following your lead what do you think
the future is for this type of laws
around the country or the is this going
to be a movement across the country or
is there a limit to to how far these
will reach well
we'll have to wait and see I think in
North Carolina right now I may be
corrected but I think we have ten of our
universities out of our 16 in large
public universities that are green
lights now there were only 32 of them in
the country so we had a third of them
right here in North Carolina so far it's
working here and we haven't had any big
incidences yet but when that incidence
happens the response of the universities
going to be really important the
response of our Board of Governors is
going to be really important the
response of the General Assembly is
going to be really important and that's
what's really going to be the proof in
the pudding of this not did you create a
policy right you can set the speed limit
but if everybody disobeys the speed
limit right it doesn't matter if you
have signs all over the interstate so
right now we place the signs up you know
if we place the guardrails out there
we'll see how everybody stays between
the lines when push comes to shove but I
think it's good model legislation for
the whole country I think we've proved
that at least the universities we have
again 10 of them working towards 16 we
have 10 of them that want to play this
game the right way just like mr. Daniels
does it Purdue and so I think if if we
can keep moving along those tracks we're
going to start to educate the students
as well one of the provisions in this
bill was to have freshman orientation
classes on free speech to be able to
actually tell these students what free
speech means and what the campus free
speech policy is that's a really good
first step and we'll see how it plays
out over time it's so important because
someone asked me a question at a talk
they said how should we treat the left
how should we interact with them when
they don't know so much about our civic
history and our Constitution our
founding documents I say you know in
some ways you should treat them like
children and I don't you don't want to
smack a child around that's no good you
know no good parent does that you you
just want to put information out there
and hopefully instruct somebody and now
where there are so many mandatory
trainings and classes and this and that
the idea that perhaps you should learn a
thing or two about free speech and free
expression as an American ideal is just
a wonderful way to get in there and lay
the foundation for hopefully a
generation that can be both educated and
credentialed and preserve American
liberty which is only one generation
away from extinction at any
in time lieutenant governor Dan Forrest
I've taken up a lot of your time and you
have to go get back to work because you
were doing excellent work on this issue
and others so thank you so much for
being here thank you Michael I enjoy
that we look forward to the next time
all right we and we're gonna go into a
little bit of the history of the Free
Speech Movement because this is the that
is the name of this movement it's been
around for about 50 or 60 years and it
is the most absurdly named movement
probably in American history but we
can't get into that just yet can we this
is it's so terrible because there's some
really good stuff coming up but if you
were on Facebook or YouTube
well we've probably been censored
everywhere by now haven't we I mean with
all of the Zuckerberg stuff in the news
and YouTube is demonetized just about
everything I've ever done they probably
do monetize my old acting reels on
YouTube so if you're anywhere maybe
you're listening to this through a tin
can and a string or something somewhere
you have to go to daily wired.com right
now we thank all of our current members
because you keep the lights on and that
is very important that is a wonderful
thing to do if you don't do that already
come on and do it it is only $10 a month
or $100 for an annual membership you get
me you get the end reclaim and show you
get the Ben Shapiro show you get to ask
questions in the mailbag everybody can
hear the mailbag answers and can hear
the conversation and watch it but only
subscribers get to ask questions many
are called but few are chosen so go over
there right now and again none of that
matters what you really need is this
because right now the free speech zone
on college campuses is about the size of
a sheet of paper and so you can't even
fit both feet into it but because of
guys like the Goldwater Institute and
lieutenant governor Dan Forrest and
similar laws across the country pretty
soon we're gonna have a whole big
university-wide free speech zone and
then the leftist tier is that they are
gonna water the plants for generations
and generations to come into the new age
so make sure you go get your leftist
ears tumblr daily wire.com we'll be
right back
we're running late as always but I'm
gonna fly through this because it's so
important to know where all of this
craziness comes from it didn't just
spring out of nowhere the anti free
speech movement didn't just spring out
of the air or out of the ether or
something it actually sprang up out of
the free speech movement from the 1960s
which really was the anti free speech
movement it's not like this just changed
magically and it totally reverted and
the parties switched names or whatever
nonsense they say this is part of a
long-standing left-wing movement as with
so many left-wing movements the Free
Speech Movement is a total misnomer you
see this with black lives matter black
lives matter says the black lives matter
but they don't care about protecting
black lives I've always thought black
lives matter and black lives matter
matters but black lives matter
don't matter to black lives matter the
March for our lives is a similar one
they don't really care about marching
for our lives Planned Parenthood sends
out tweets to support them Planned
Parenthood kills a million babies a year
the women's March it was the March for
all women except for the women who are
Republicans except for half of the women
those women weren't allowed to
participate those women were shunned
from the movement total lies when it
comes to the names the free speech
movement was founded in 1964 to 1965
school year at UC Berkeley under the
leadership of someone into Mario Savio
and Berkeley now by the way totally
embraces the name of the Free Speech
Movement they they have renamed the
steps in front of the hall where 700
students were arrested during the
original Free Speech Movement they've
renamed them the Mario Savio steps they
have a dining hall now named the Free
Speech Movement Cafe that should go down
there really you know very bourgeois now
they're taking all the radicals and
making it very bourgeois freshmen now
have to read a biography of the Free
Speech Movement leader savio ironically
every undergrad must now also take a
course on theoretical or analytical
issues relevant to understanding race
culture and ethnicity in American
society that is to say they have to take
a course in rigid ideological conformity
the Free Speech Movement begets this
well how does the Free Speech Movement
be get mandatory ideological conformity
how did it happen it's because it was a
lie the whole time this was largely
aimed at expanding political activity on
campuses so in the 1960s by the early
1960s political activity and fundraising
on college campuses it was basically
limited to the GOP and the Democrat
clubs the College Republicans the
College Democrats those are the only
people who could do it the Free Speech
Movement and which were basically useful
idiots for communists for the Soviet
Union for people who didn't like America
very much they viewed America as an evil
imperialistic Empire they largely
supported the Soviet Union in the Cold
War they opposed the Cold War liberal
consensus they wanted to clear political
barriers for using campuses as a base
for radical political activity they
largely supported the Cuban Revolution
there was a ton of radical leftist
student activism at the time the
students for a Democratic Society which
gave way to a terrorist group called The
Weather Underground who's one of whose
leaders by the way ended up mentoring
Barack Obama that's a separate story
Savio knew this the head of the Free
Speech Movement knew this two years
after the movement in the 1980s he said
that nothing but good had come from fsm
nothing but good had come from it sol
stern outlines this very well at a City
Journal this is largely been the case
our enemies in the twentieth century and
especially in the 1960s backed a lot of
radical anti-american organizations to
to weaken the resolve the United States
and so division in the United States we
know this happened they have admitted it
this was clear to many people at the
time and to many more people now
fortunately there are organizations and
there are politicians that are fighting
back
you know everyone now is so upset that
Russia took out some Facebook ads they
took out a handful of Facebook ads in
2016 that wouldn't move the needle at
all they were doing far far worse than
the alleged Russia collusion in the
1960s and the very people now who were
so shocked by Russian collusion were the
ones participating in it in the 1960s
there are organizations there are
politicians fighting back dan forest as
a good
ample we should not be gas lit by this
this is obviously happening you need to
fight back every step of the way don't
believe it for a second when the
Washington Post where democracy dies in
darkness tells you this is a myth where
Matthew Iglesias says oh don't look
there no no nothing to see here move
along folks move along you know it's
happening and I'll use this as a good
the Bill Buckley program at Yale there I
was I think the first fellow for them in
the first year of student fellows and
the Buckley program at Yale is one of
these groups one of the few groups
that's bringing intellectual diversity
to campus they're having their fourth
annual dis invitation dinner coming up
on April 18th that they do this dinner
every year where where they take one of
the people who has been disinvited from
speaking at a campus because the lefties
shout them down or threaten to kill them
or something they take one of those
speakers and they invite them to give a
talk in New York this year it's dr.
charles murray a very interesting guy
that will be at the Metropolitan Club on
East 60th Street in New York New York
the city so nice they named it twice
it's black tie optional very fancy
swanky gala for additional information
email Lauren at Buckley program comm I'm
gonna try to make it if I can I'm not
sure if I'll be back east by then but
I'm certainly going to try to and that
is another way to fight back and also of
course to support the efforts and the
legislative efforts of guys like dan
forest they are doing God's work it is
really a beautiful thing
a good a nice up note to end on we will
be back tomorrow we've got more exciting
things coming for you but I won't tell I
you should be surprised and get your
mailbag questions in because that will
be on Thursday I'm Michael Knowles this
is the Mike on all show I'll see you
tomorrow
the Michael Noel's show is a daily wire
for word publishing production executive
producer Jeremy boring senior producer
Jonathan hey supervising producer Mathis
Glover our technical producer is Austin
Stevens edited by Alex Zangaro audio is
mixed by Mike Cora Mina herons makeup is
by Joshua Avera copyright forward
publishing 2018
