Happy Easter to celebrate we will talk
to American wertha docs theologian and
scholar David Bentley Hart to discuss
his new translation of the New Testament
the new New Testament then after all
that good news a bunch of politically
bad news I'm Michael Knowles and this is
the Michael Knowles show
we have a very eastery show today I was
gonna you know obviously we missed April
Fool's Day which I could have done just
a blank show I could have just sat here
and stared at the camera that might have
been fun we did Frager university did
release a blank video yesterday that I'm
in so if you haven't seen that I urge
you to go over it's very educational I
highly recommend it but we've got a
wonderful show today and the timing you
might say is providential just after
Easter a David Bentley heart is an
Orthodox Christian theologian and
philosopher his major works include the
beauty of the infinite atheist delusions
of the story of Christianity many others
he's written articles everywhere you've
probably read him at first things or The
Wall Street Journal lots of other places
now he has this new translation of the
New Testament I have wanted to get David
on this show to talk about it since the
project came out it is a wonderful
translation it is being called fresh
everywhere I don't want to be glib about
it but it is fresh it does give a new a
new life to a lot of verses that are
probably familiar to a lot of people and
that's an ambitious project as far as
things go doing a translation of the New
Testament so we have David David thank
you very much for being here
well thanks for inviting me before we
get into these specific words and verses
and theories why do we need a new
translation of the New Testament what
did you find lacking in other
translations that prompted you to render
your own oh the typeface never satisfied
me no well first of all let me say it's
not my Easter yet so I wish you a Happy
Easter but I'm still in Lent so forgive
me if I'm a bit melancholy still
penitential and abyssal of course
absolutely and a bit lightheaded from
the fasting which the Orthodox always
take to an extreme why don't know if we
need a new one but I certainly think
that it serves a certain purpose for
years when I was still teaching
introductory courses what you do when
you're early on in your career
our students would come with whatever
the standard translation was that had
been assigned usually it was revised
standard and like any other teacher and
still with the text I spent a great deal
of time saying well know what the
original Greek actually says and at
other times well the way in which the
Greek actually says it is so it didn't
seem to me to be an outlandish idea that
maybe a translation could be produced
that tries to say what the Greek says
and to do it as well as possible or at
least in the voice in the voices of the
various authors I think that uh there's
a kind of paternalist approach to a lot
of translation the assumption being that
most Christians aren't particularly
bright and don't really need to be
confronted with any ambiguities or
unfinished passages or moments of broken
syntax and that therefore it's the inter
the translators job to tidy up all of
that and in the course of so doing
decide what the text means in those
places where it's not always clear what
the text means I just seems to me that
for Christians especially they don't
have Greek they may as well have some
sense of what the Greek means like
you've called the translation pitilessly
literal and I would like to focus on
those moments where you say there were
strange grammatical structures and the
tenses change and it just reads as a
little love a little abrupt in ways that
a lot of other translations don't bring
to readers in the target language you
know I think you've said elsewhere that
one aspect of your a translation is you
do the police in different voices and
this is this does strike you there are
different voices throughout just to use
mark as an example the word immediately
appears frequently throughout the first
chapter of Mark just not just in your
translate
but in other translations as well your
translation however gives that immediacy
a whole new life with these bizarre
grammatical constructions at times for
example in mark chapter 1 verse 30 your
translation reads and the Simon's
mother-in-law was laid out stricken with
fever and immediately they tell him
about her and it sounds almost like how
New Yorkers talk you know so I says to
him this and then he tells me this and
that well not everyone talks that way
with their telling stories from the past
you know there's a freak for generations
New Testament scholars have been taught
that this thing called the historic past
was a normal stylistic device that to
the people of the time sounded like past
tense or it didn't seem out of place and
this is nonsense that was based on the
misapplication of fill illogical work
that was true five or six centuries
earlier in Greek it has no systematic
application to what's going on in the
first century Keeney of the New
Testament what's really going on there
is much more interesting in the in the
ancient world of course you didn't sit
down and write a book you dictated a
book to an amanuensis there were only
very few persons who have been able to
practice handwriting and the materials
and the skills you composed by speaking
so Luke who's a very educated person
writes of a sin dramatic style to use
the term life invented just to scare the
philologists which is he's writing like
a treatise and they're the tenses
irregular in uniform and very much as we
would use them today if we said if you
were to sit down and write in historical
narrative but the other three are living
voices captured by an amanuensis who's
transcribing with sort of like the
fidelity of a dictaphone and if you if
you suppress the this tense changes I
think you do great damage to the texts
because they were not systematic they've
done this this is the the they are
exactly as you say it's the way we tell
a story wouldn't wear and it say among
our friends you know I went to see my
girlfriend and went up and knocked on
the door and she comes to the door there
with a knife
in her hand you know and I step back you
know the shift you're relating stories
of my recent past but that's fine that
might just be providential III think I
can imagine you know looking at you I
well that might be but but it is it's
something we do intuitively
spontaneously unsystematic aliy but for
that very reason it's expressive and as
opposed to the cinematic style of loom
you can see it's what you might call a
frosting style just an expressive style
and it captures the voice of someone who
was not a skull and not a writer
not a particularly educated man probably
and in case of Mark I tried to capture
the terseness and the abruptness and the
brokenness of the prose by trying to
keep the English as tourists as the
Greek which is kind of hard to do but I
think it's a place as I succeeded what
does it tell us obviously I understand
the purpose to it I see I see its use in
English as well as what I assumed to be
its use in Koine Greek what does it tell
us about the experience of the text how
people would have experienced this text
in the first and second centuries and
how Christians today genial regular old
American Christians what it does to our
experience of that scripture and maybe
our experience of faith to get it in
this urgency and to get it in this
immediate language well I think the
immediacy of the voice is instructive in
two ways one it reminds us of how the
early Christians heard these stories
they've been read out just as you didn't
sit down to write you didn't sit down to
read for the most part these were hurt
and so little devices that that many
translators were removed in Matthew and
all of them but Matthew especially since
either look in the old King James that's
behold which even in at the time was a
someone I radically ornamental term not
quite appropriate but the look actually
goes along with the style of hearing the
manner in which the text was heard it
was almost like reading to a room full
of children to take look look here comes
a bunny only in this case the bunny is
amazing
from a Parthian priest yes King
but at the same time also the immediacy
seems to me and I find this even more in
Paul than in the Gospel writers there is
an urgency there there's there is a
vitality there as if somebody is not
really a gifted writer not an educated
man
is attempting to communicate something
that has gripped him with absolute an
undeniable power and and I think even in
translating even though I've been
reading the Greek since I was a boy
because I just I had the luxury of the
classical education uh in translating it
struck me again just how extraordinarily
passionate urgent in media what what a
sense I got from the texts of men who
would not mass necessarily have written
anything at all if they didn't feel they
had something very vital to communicate
that they had experienced at a very deep
level I'd like to talk about Paul you
write quote the relation between
Christian theology and scriptural
translation has a long and complicated
history theology has not only influenced
translation but particular translation
have had enormous consequences for the
development of theology it would be
almost impossible for instance to
exaggerate how consequential the latin
vulgate s-- inept rendering of a single
verse Romans 5:12 proved for the
development of the Western Christian
understanding of original sin now in the
ESV that verse reads therefore just as
sin came into the world through one man
and death through sin so death spread to
all men because all sinned the KJV
renders it just about the same so death
passed upon all men for all that have
sinned the instead of the ESV or the KJV
the DBH translation your translation
reads therefore just as sin entered into
the cosmos through one man and death
through sin so all death pervaded all
humanity whereupon at which point as if
to say all sinned
you've also criticized the American
products
an understanding of Paul to use your
words how does the genial Presbyterian
get Paul so wrong yeah well you know
you've you've just asked about 12
different you can you can answer them in
any order you prefer yeah you know I
want to point out that the ESV and the
KGB kgv translations also don't don't
quite capture what happened in the
Vulgate which is what had the
theological consequences in the Vulgate
that last phrase becomes in quo Omni
spec of Ireland in whom all sinned and
because the the pronoun quo had retained
the masculine form of the Greek pronoun
fo Fontes well but but the prior noun in
the in in the Latin went from being male
Thanatos to female or feminine masculine
to feminine Moors what in the Greek
looks like a reference to death becomes
a reference to Adam and with a different
preposition it seems to be saying that
we in Adam said now from the time of
Agustin right up through the Council of
Trent when these issues were defined in
Latin Roman theology that is the only
verse that is routinely cited as
evidence of an inheritance of original
guilt and it's simply it's one of the
big one of the large differences between
eastern and western Christianity that in
the east the the idea of original sin
has no notion of an inherited
culpability and I would argue that's an
illogical motion at any event it's like
a square circle the notion that you can
inherit guilt so there isn't the same
rather grim Augustinian picture of
humanity born as a Macedon nonde already
damned and the guilty in the eyes of God
if you wanted a nice chilling picture of
the direction in which that kind of a
language can go that can cite you some
some passages both from Agustin and
Calvin that would keep you up at night
as for the other thing I I would say
that the Protestants not just the
Protestant I mean we
Paul has been Paul is a difficult figure
to deal with but the more removed the
Christian thought became from the a came
from the age in which he lived and the
special concerns that the tormented him
and the intertestamental literature that
he read the further we moved from
appreciating what's most important in
his theology and a new emphasis arose I
mean most Protestants being inheritors
of a late Augustinian tradition think
that Paul's principle current concern is
how we're justified that is and by
justified they don't mean really mate
just or even proved just but but
extrinsically forensic we pronounce just
through the unmerited grace of Christ's
sacrifice which supposedly pleases the
father because there he pours out his
wrath on the sin now all of this none of
that's actually in Paul some of the
language there is based on distortions
and form Paul's actual teaching is is
very different I mean the word he de que
haces or it's verbal cognates doesn't
mean justified in that sense it means
literally either vindicated or correct
and made new and the and it's actually
that that aspect of Paul's thought shows
up in Galatians and in Romans 9 through
11 because the first case he's arguing
with new Christians in Galatia from the
Gentile world trying to explain to them
that they don't need to obey the law of
Moses to be unfolded within the Covenant
because the company goes back to Abraham
not not just a minute not just to Sinai
and in Romans 9 through 11
one of the most notoriously misread
passages in Christian history Paul's
concern is principally how church in
Israel are related basically did God
forsake his covenant with Israel in
embracing the Gentiles in the end he
comes to conclusion no he he he raises
the possibility that God created
whistles of wrath to show the power of
his dereliction when when he showed
mercy to some and not to others but then
he concludes in chapter 11 that this two
is not what's going on
that's a dreadful possibility for Paul
what he concludes is in fact as he says
quite explicitly God bound everyone in
disobedience so that he could show mercy
to everyone but that's not actually the
thing that gets me most about reading
Paul because all of that is actually
those are actually not central concerns
before what if you actually go through
all the poll line literature the the
definitely authentic epistles and those
that are definitely in his school even
if they aren't directly from his mouth
he's very much a man he's in Hellenistic
Jew of the first century he believes
that he lives in an age that is passing
away another age is coming and that this
age is under the Dominion of ancient
angelic powers that in Christ these
powers on high and falsely Thrones
dominions principalities powers and we
don't always appreciate that these are
angelic beings who occupy the planetary
and stellar spheres in the cosmology of
the time and balloon the earth have been
conquered that this whole cosmos and
there's a reason why I retain the word
cosmos there too has that was enslaved
to death and to these mutinous or
incompetent or apostate towers have been
conquered Christ took them captive he
ascended on high and in first
Corinthians 15 you get the great
synthesis ultimately the whole cosmos
having been restored a new age will dawn
in which Christ hands over the cosmos to
be directly directly governed by God no
longer through the intermediate agency
of these incompetent or fallen angels
and God will be all and all and the
whole cosmos will be transfigured this
is the burning heart of false theology
it runs through all of us is all of his
writings but we tend not to notice
because we don't recognize what the
language is for one thing even the worst
principalities powers we tend to think
he's talking in terms of human political
arrangements and for some reason even
though this is the ubiquitous in his
writings we tend to look past us and
especially in the West I would say I
mean that's also part of the Western
inheritance the the notion of salvation
is cosmic conquest as you know a bit
better preserved in the East some does
the time there but you did as I say
asked doesn't and you gave me the
answers I want to get on to the cosmos
it's an excellent place to to launch
from because you you do maintain some
words in your translation that we would
not usually see one of which is cosmos
for instance instead of a blessed are
the poor in spirit you write how
blissful the destitute abject in spirit
instead of in the beginning was the word
and the word was with god and the word
was god in john chapter one you maintain
the logos you say in the origin there
was the logos and then finally cosmos
instead of for God so loved the world as
we can all recite you write for God so
loved the cosmos
what do blissful logos and cosmos offer
us that blessed word and world do not
yeah well what they don't offer you
obviously is a great deal of literary
Felicity I mean obviously it leads to
someone offered English but then again I
point out that that in none of those
cases at my translating good Greek so
the ultimate effect is sort of an even
draw but to me it's very important where
it says little cosmos let me start there
because that connects to what I was
saying about Paul we use the word world
today to mean two things generally one
the planet were walking around all the
other the human world and and by that we
mean just the way people are the the
moral order the political arrangements
by which they live the social order and
in if if we use the word world in our
translation we lose I think a vital
aspect of the way
century Jews and Christians and pagans
on reality when when the Gospel of John
for instance talks about Christ is
coming from above into the cosmos he
means just that
passing down through all the spheres
cosmos is incomparably it doesn't it not
only does it not merely mean the human
world it doesn't even mean merely the
physical world it includes the world
spirits of angels it includes the whole
of the heavens the the the fixed stars
the planetary spheres the ethereal realm
the the realm of the aerial realm the
subterranean realm it means the whole of
everything and and there is especially
in John and Paul but also elsewhere a
very much a clear narrative structure to
their language of salvation it is about
this enclosed reality of an entire
cosmos from the heights to the depths
and slave to death being invaded by a
divine Conqueror transfigured and
redeemed I think all of that is all we
lose that cosmology and a lot of the
language especially say again of John
becomes needlessly obscure although when
you restore it it becomes rather
frightening ly unfamiliar to when you
really look at what what the gospel is
saying the way it's imagining the
reality in which the story of salvation
unfolds it's it's an alien picture of
reality so then of course we have to
adjust strength how does the gospel
survive the shift in world gears and I'm
sorry please go ahead no just whatever
the case that's that's the translation
decision about which I get the most
complaints not translating cosmos as
well and that's the one on which I'm
absolutely most adamant well it is an
absolute folly to translate that is
world because it just gives all the
wrong impressions by the word usage of
the word today in the way that you
translate Satan struck me to all of this
language it being fresh
it being different it being unfamiliar
is striking and it makes you approach
the gospel in a in an unfamiliar way you
refer to Satan variously but by what his
name means the accuser or the slander or
Satan means the adversary but but you
don't do this with all names so you
don't refer to Peter only as the rock or
something which which as a matter of
translation might conjure up images of
Dwayne Johnson weeping bitterly as the
 crows why I imagine every burly guy
you know yeah why why do you translate
the name Satan what is it about the
character of Satan it's not other names
it's not a name for one thing and
they're two words and I Satan there's
always translated as accuser when you
see slander or the Greek there's all the
Ovilus or diabolos if you prefer Diablos
I'm sorry Indian proper Greek you would
say the Ovilus and these are these are
titles there are the ancient titles and
they're not proper names when it comes
to proper names all proper names have
some meaning if you go far back enough
sand there's no need to say Peter I
where where it's important in Matthew I
note the play on words on this rock you
know but in the case of certain titles
that have become for us just titles
whose actual meaning which would have
been audible to the first century
Christians has been lost
I restore sword the meaning all right
translate the meaning rather than retain
it as an as an opaque signifier so to
speak this so I don't use the word
Christ either I use the term the
anointed or the anointed one no Satan or
Sir Thomas is obviously a figure in
Hebrew Scripture but also change his
character somewhat in the
intertestamental period but is basically
just that it means that a prosecuting
attorney basically lawyer satan is a
lawyer
but we knew that didn't we so and the
Ovilus well we have the word devil which
may come from the Ovilus I tend to think
it comes from and earlier into European
we like the German toy fool or the devil
in English come from the same in the
European roots is words for data in the
indo-european language and that's not
important but what is important is the
Ovilus the Greek word just it really
means a slanderer or one who divides
with false with false speech what was
the other one you asked about the khari
blissful now that's interesting where
the text says evolution knows you know
every human being or even us
I leave the term blessing but Macarius
is an interesting word because it
doesn't just mean blessed in the sense
that oh he's fortunate in at least it
doesn't have that just that connotation
you know he's comfortable or he's well
off it has an both etymologically and
when you see how it's used in texts
outside of scripture it has a special
intensity it means
bliss and originally meant a bliss akin
to that of the gods and so you know it
appealed to me to write blissful again
now that's an example of a translation
some people love it some people hate it
no it seems to be neutral I do love it I
love it the images that it evokes are I
really have it strikes me really
beautifully
I work Timothy Johnson city de vocht
images of stoners well which is fine
with me I mean I was born in the 6th I
was stoned while I was reading maybe
there there's some relation there my
final question is not about the age the
age to come or the age that you were
writing about that you're translating
from the first century the second
century my question is about this age
you've written extensively about the New
Atheists Daniel Dennett Richard Dawkins
you've rhetorically just smack
them around for years very powerfully so
it seems to me that they are on the
decline they're in mortal decline and
there is a hunger on campus for some
meaning I think that's why Jordan
Peterson's book is selling so well I
think it's why everyone is so sick of
the shrieking girl at Yale and all of
this example well he's a very popular
example that's why I bring him up I
think even that this is you know there's
an age of I think there's a sense that
the only moral thought these days the
only moral framework is if it feels good
do it and there's no meaning to anything
and so even the suggestion that one
ought to make one's bed and clean one's
room is earth-shattering to a lot of
people do you share my hope for this
culture right now for the very near
coming age or do you think we're just
going to hell in a handbasket well okay
let me unpack that I think you're right
the period of the new I mean writing
about the New Atheists was convenient
because it meant not having to construct
straw men we're less built themselves
out of straw and that was a silly group
and that was a publishing fad I don't
know if it was ever quite quite the
movement they imagined it was but an
answer to certain does a furnish market
in publishing I don't know if there's a
new hunger for meaning I think there's a
perennial longer that expresses itself
differently from time to time in from
age to age from period to period I hope
it's not a hunger that Jordan Peterson
would be able to fulfill because I think
he's a hack but a mediocrity who's made
a lot of money by by doing from a sort
of from a different angle much what a
new-age writer would do this may be your
angle to convert Jordan I had a I had
him on the show and I tried to get him
to announce that he was getting baptized
or something but this is like the good
cop bad cop maybe this angle for half
years will work okay I might disagree by
much fun I just think that it's it's
it's
each of visibly bad scholarship by a by
a second-rate mind I don't care what is
what is pains are one way or the other I
just think it's silly but it's
profitable i but maybe you're right
maybe what are the answers to but I
don't know how popular he is I haven't
seen his work popular with anyone that I
wouldn't have expected it to be popular
with and as people who already like to
hear that they should make their beds so
I think I think that's not where you
look you look rather within the fatigue
in general with complacent disbelief and
I have seen that and the hunger can take
many different forms it can it can
express itself I mean it doesn't fit
into a single obvious political pattern
or social set but what it does what I
have seen is more and more students who
are students and faculty to who feel
much more comfortable talking about this
the sense that they're not you know then
they find the materialist view of
reality not only fun fulfilling but the
implausible that they want more I
haven't counted that more in the past
five years that I had in the previous 15
so I think you may be right about that
where it will lead I don't know I mean I
I don't know if we're going to hell in a
handbasket I always tend to think
they're already there you see I don't I
don't actually tend to idealize the past
I remember you know I just old enough to
remember a Christian America in which
people could go to church on Sunday and
then then go cast over for George
Wallace then a couple days later so it I
I don't have I don't have a warm where
is he picture of the Christian America
of the past what I do believe is that
the the desire for God is a natural eros
in the soul that can't be repressed and
sooner or later it's going to break out
in individuals and in whole generations
in new ways and i think you're right i
can only say in a vague way
aren't much room where it's going but
there at least there's they're no longer
intimidated by the New Atheists they
don't move right that the day and enjoy
the rational high ground and I think
part of that has they've been very
effective answers not just from me but
from a lot of you pointed out just how
irrational and fitting is taking
intolerant and and rather stupid this
this movement was you know I was asked a
question at Ithaca College about the New
Atheists basically and I do hope that
there is this response now and I think
we're seeing it happen which is not
sentimental
it isn't shallow it involves serious
words and and new fresh translations and
serious scholarship and which basically
punches the the intellectual bullying
and the absurd intellectual bullying of
the New Atheists right back and says no
they don't occupy the rational high
ground they don't occupy any
particularly intellectual or
sophisticated ground at all and all
shallows are clear yeah there's not a
single genuinely distinguished
philosopher among them the only trained
philosophers Daniel Dennett but that's
different from saying distinguished I
think a more honest atheist aware of the
rash of the relative plausibility of
atheism or theism or something as yet to
be defined would be someone like Thomas
Nagel who is unable to believe doesn't
want to believe has a real revulsion at
the idea of the Lea as frankly all of us
do it at times you know but nonetheless
recognizes how deep the the problems are
at just at a logical level with the
project of the metaphysical naturalism
or physicalism and and I think the the
veil of illusion has been somewhat
pulled back I think more and more
sophisticated answers to the very
unsophisticated books of the New
Atheists produced have made more and
more people realize that the these are
not
journalists they're just fundamentalists
of a particularly dreary and intolerant
God
well that is that's a good reason to
hope that's a good place to leave it
on an Easter episode or an Easter
adjacent episode post Easter for us and
instill in the fasting and penitential
period for you as well happy heretic
Easter to you that listen I I not only
get called a heretic for my religion I
get called a heretic for many many other
reasons so I'm I did I will I will tell
the only I promised David we would not
talk politics and the review another
reason I don't want to talk politics
with David is he's much smarter than I
am so I don't want to even open up that
the anchors the only the only thing I
will suggest and we won't talk politics
online but because I've so enjoyed your
wonderful translation and so much of
your writing for years I could send you
my literary magnum opus which I
published last year but I'll bet I will
send that in the mail it's much lighter
reading it would be the blank pages
that's it and if perhaps there could be
translations there's there are ample
opportunities but I I will say it
probably took a fair bit more out of
your translation of the New Testament
well maybe we should talk politics
sometimes the problem is that since I
dislike both political parties in this
country the major political parties
ferociously that I I only you know I was
I I abstained so long from voting for a
major party that I don't know if I have
a right now to complain that the state
of affairs that bothers me but anyway
all right I think there are I think
there are probably a lot of people
watching and listening who would agree
with that take as well David thank you
so much for being here David Bentley
Hart you can read him all over the place
i i've been reading him for years and I
really hope the the fear with things
like a new translation of the New
Testament or the writing of a
distinguished philosopher and theologian
is that it reaches a smaller audience or
a more
stink wish'd audience and I hope many
more people will engage with it because
if the reading can be blissful David
thank you for being here
well thank you take care we have got now
we've got to talk about politics now
that I promised David we wouldn't talk
about politics but now we have to talk
about politics and I've got to sign off
if you are not under a wire calm I'm
sorry you cannot get the written there
as we've gone through all this good news
now you got to get the bad news cuz
there's some political bad news but
there's a glimmer of hope in there to go
to daily wire.com y-you get me at the
end reclaim ensure you get the Ben
Shapiro show you can subscribe for $10 a
month or $100 for an annual membership
well yeah that's okay you get the shows
you get to ask questions in the mailbag
blah blah blah who cares no one want
that this is the real key this is the
real key folks the leftist tears tumblr
now look I was a I was without this for
a week I was in New York I was in one of
the lefty capitals of the entire world
and I almost drowned I made it through
by the skin of my teeth I had straws up
you know trying to breathe in like
people and you know war ravaged
countries make sure you have the leftist
ears tumblr it's the only FDA approved
device to handle other salty to lift
just eleven let's just vanilla salty
delicious leftist tears we'll be right
back with all of the bad political news
alright here's the news roundup here are
the things you haven't heard about maybe
you have heard but you haven't heard the
whole story facebook is now
fact-checking photos they're
fact-checking your photos we knew this
was going to happen this is being
reported as though this is something new
this is nothing new I actually had the
experience of this on Election Day in
2016 and it wasn't really written about
it wasn't reported I posted a photo
making fun of Hillary Clinton and
Democrat voters you know just a little
joke meme or something my account was
shut down for 24 hours my account was
suspended on Facebook they've been doing
this for a long time now it's being
reported that they're going to
fact-check images how are they going to
do that I don't know they have all of
our information fact-checking is not a
good thing
fact-checking is one of these new
euphemisms that we use fact checkers or
fact-checking
it's a euphemism used by the left to
mean left-wing opinion that we will
present as fact that's what
fact-checking is it's why sites like
politifact means so far so far to the
left they're much harder on Republicans
and they are on Democrats it's why now
when you look for right-wing sites on
the internet on Google they will serve
you left-wing fact checkers in there
it's it's just another euphemism and
they're trying to say we have facts and
all you ever your feelings or whatever
and that's why we have to have people
who say the facts don't care about your
feelings it's a really disingenuous it's
really dishonest this also is funny to
being juxtaposed with a former Facebook
Vice President Andrew Bosworth wrote in
2016 in a memo where he wrote quote
maybe it costs a life by exposing
someone to bullies maybe someone dies in
a terrorist attacked
coordinated on our tools and still we
connect people the ugly truth is that we
believe in connecting people so deeply
that anything that allows us to connect
more people more often is good okay he's
been criticized for this he's now
disavowed that he said I didn't believe
it at the time no no I don't really
believe it I actually agree with him I
don't know that it's that it is
connecting people but it's the freedom
it's the freedom this is the argument
against freedom or for freedom which is
the freedom involves risk in
involves the possibility of death maybe
when you have freedom maybe someone's
going to abuse that freedom and hurt
someone else and attack someone or bully
someone or whatever that is an actual
negative cost of freedom but that is the
price that's why the freedom isn't free
that's the the expression freedom isn't
free means there is a cost to your
freedom Ronald Reagan talked about this
in a time for choosing he said there
there's it the only way that you can be
guaranteed to have peace is surrender
when did life become so dear and peace
so sweet that they would be purchased at
the hands of chains and slavery you can
have this totalitarian malaise where
attacks aren't quite likely to happen
except by the government on you except
by the people with the power against you
or you can have freedom and freedom
involves a lot of risk
unfortunately Facebook clearly wants to
have its cake and eat it eat it too if
it changes its tune depending on the
news cycle they're very upset that
Republicans are using their tools and
succeeding when Democrats used their
tools no one cared everyone was happy it
was wonderful it was a great strategy
now that Republicans are doing it
they're very upset they're going to keep
fighting it this is going to really
further hurt the conservative media
industry it's already put some people
out of business
it's already put others non-political
people out of business you're seeing a
lot of thought pieces think pieces
coming out today saying oh it doesn't
really matter conservatives are whining
they're exaggerating this is targeted
this is to put us out of business and
hopefully something else will come up
but don't believe a word of it when they
say this isn't trying to attack
conservatives that's explicitly the
point
in other news students at the University
of Colorado Colorado Springs had been
given extra credit for attending a white
privilige conference some of the classes
at this conference are breaking the
chains of capitalism and white supremacy
the whiteness of law and how whiteness
kills and the the last part that is true
a whiteness can lead to skin cancer that
is true so it can kill it's very sad
when that happens that's why I try to
remain a little swarthy keep my tan all
year long they're getting extra credit
for this and I spoke to students last
week I was on the campuses last week
some students said that there were
professors who won't call on white men
they'll call on every aggrieved
intersectional group in that high
of victimhood they'll call on all of
them first before they will call on
white men we're talking about religion a
lot for this Easter episode and the New
Testament episode white privilege is
original sin for atheists that's all it
is it's just a religious construct for
people who pretend that they don't have
religion everybody's got to serve
somebody and that's what they do the
atheists have a lot of religious
concepts they have the carbon tax that's
their version of buying indulgences the
that's what white privilege is and it's
the reason why when you disagree with it
they attack you like you were attacking
somebody's religion because they don't
hold it like a rational view or like a
view that is scientific or something
like that they view it as a religious
tenet and so when we debate this with
them we have to understand we're
debating religion we're not we're not
debating some sociological observation
not this is all very very not good news
for the culture but this is good news
for politics and I'll close on this
point
50% of likely voters now approve of
president Trump's job in office this is
according to the daily presidential
approval poll 50% of likely voters
approve president from job in office
forty-nine percent disapprove this
outpaces Barack Obama in the approval
ratings at this time on this date in
Barack Obama's presidency he only had a
46 percent approval rating Donald Trump
has a 50 percent one now you might be
shocked to hear that because you watch
CNN or something and you think he had a
three percent approval rating 50 percent
we did a whole show on the silent
majority that we did a whole show on
Roseanne representing the silent
majority
look Roseanne's ratings blew every other
sitcom out of the water for a long time
why because it represented that silent
majority this is what we're seeing now
we shouldn't forget Barack Obama had a
pretty good approval rating and he got
killed in the 2010 midterm elections he
got blown out of the water
that said models only work in normal
times President Trump is not a normal
character with Barack Obama people
really liked him personally but they
just despised his policies we don't
really see that with Donald Trump if
anything people don't like him
personally but they do like what he's
doing in office so this could be not
just pretty good news for Republicans
this could be excellent news for
Republicans CNBC is reporting if the
midterm elections were held today five
Senate
with lose two Republicans that's
according to surveys by Axios and Survey
monkeys in 6 of 10 states with seats up
for grabs president Trump's approval
rating is higher than his national
rating this is all good news we
shouldn't get complacent but there are
two things happening here what you're
observing is this awful culture and all
of the culture makers the universities
in Hollywood and the technology
companies like Facebook that pretended
to be tech companies but really their
media companies the largest publishing
company in the history of the world
you're seeing all the culture makers
destroying the culture doing their best
to destroy this culture and knock it
down and then what you're seeing is the
people who have to live in that culture
fighting back and they're reacting and
they don't like it it's why Hollywood
has spit out how much garbage in the
last however many years including
reboots including a nostalgia reboot
swilling grace the one that people like
is Roseanne the one that's different the
one that talks to reality than one talks
to the silent majority there you're
seeing this at the polls these people
reacting and saying huh you know first
of all but clearly the silent majority
isn't totally silent because they're
answering these polls with some some of
their voice they are air saying up 50
percent okay we approve of what he's
doing but you're seeing them pushing
back and pushing back against that
culture keep fighting back because they
have all of the cultural power so what
we can do is go to the ballot box and be
prepared because if they beat us if they
even sort of plausibly beat us even
though all of history is for the
Democrats to win these midterm elections
they are going to kelabra swith it they
are going to clobber us as hard as they
can they're already trying to shut down
our venues that we have a new media and
our few strongholds in the traditional
media industry don't let them do it you
have to be vigilant we have to work
twice as hard but there is a glimmer of
hope there a little hope a little good
news for this Easter there's a lot of
other good news too I am Michael Knowles
this is the Michael Knowles show we've
got a lot more to talk about but we'll
just have to do it tomorrow see you then
the Michael Knoll show is a daily wire
forward publishing production executive
producer Jeremy boring senior producer
Jonathan hey supervising producer Mathis
Glover our technical producer is austin
stevens edited by alex zingara audio is
mixed by Mike Cora Mina herons makeup is
by Jeshua
of era copyright forward publishing 2018
