all right well so joining me is Senator
Ted Cruz senator Cruz thanks so much for
taking the time it's very cool they're
out in Los Angeles and you know welcome
to the show
well thanks Ben great to be with you
well so let me start by asking you about
the omnibus package because obviously
that just passed a lot of conservatives
very unhappy about it you voted against
the omnibus package why did it pass
whose fault is it
where should we have our pitchforks you
know look the omnibus is a total mess
it's 1.3 trillion in spending it grows
the debt it grows the deficit it grows
just about every part of the federal
government and it really is it's it's a
product of the swamp
the thing is 2,200 pages and it was
written in the dark of night it was
written by really four people by Mitch
McConnell Chuck Schumer Paul Ryan and
Nancy Pelosi the other members of
Congress we didn't even get to see it
until hours before we vote so so I can
promise you there is not a senator alive
who's read all 2,200 pages of it I don't
think any of the for suppose that
authors of it ever a don't play 200
pages of it and so the Democrats price
for agreeing to anything is grow
government massively and and not
accomplish conservative principles and
unfortunately an awful lot of
Republicans in Washington rolled over to
greet with so we were told that there's
gonna be regular order when Republicans
got back into power who's the big
obstacle here because it looks like the
house is able to pass some of these
bills through regular order but it seems
like everything stops dead in the Senate
well look in the Senate we had no
amendments on the bill there were a
number of us Mike Lee and I were both
pressing with how about have it open for
amendments and our leadership says no no
that's not practical it's not feasible
because we've cut a deal with Chuck
Schumer and if you have an amendment an
amendment might take out one of Chuck
Schumer's priorities and then our deal
is gone the system is a corrupt practice
now I will say I think there were some
meaningful victories and things we were
able to keep out of the bomb the bus
there was a big hard push from from a
number of more moderate and liberal
Republicans to have tens of billions of
dollars of bailouts for insurance
companies under Obama care I think that
would have been a disaster the idea that
we're bailing out the insurance
companies we're making record profits
while not honoring our promise to repeal
Obamacare while
not lowering premiums reducing
regulations expanding choice expanding
freedom
I think that's nuts and and we had a big
battle in the conference I pressed very
hard to keep the insurance company
bailouts out of the bill and we
succeeded we kept them out so I mean as
a conservative they spent virtually my
entire life being frustrated with the
Republican Party because the Republican
Party makes a bunch of promises about
thinking they're gonna do we gave them
the house we give the other than the
presidency and then very little of it
gets done and when it does get done it
tends to be done in these vast bills
that are a thousand pages long and
always are perhaps yeah and which is the
problem here that Republicans are
promising more than they can deliver or
is the problem here that the crowd of
conservatives we're just not realistic
about what is possible in a Senate with
51 votes and with you know a couple of
Republicans who are best very dicey on
unserious conservative priorities so is
it an expectation problem or is it a
promise problem so I actually think it's
neither I think the problem is our
leadership is not focused on delivering
on our promises and and having a
systematic plan to accomplish that I
look back at 2017 2017 despite all of
the political craziness you and I are
both aware of all the craziness in
Washington mm-hmm
despite that we accomplished a
remarkable amount I think the four big
priorities for 2017 were tax reform
regulatory reform Obamacare and judges
and as the year came to a close we had
big wins on all four the tax bill was a
huge win reg reform we're seeing every
agency job-killing regulations pulled
backed and reduced Obamacare is our
biggest unfinished promise but even that
we did repeal the individual mandate I
led the fight to include the individual
mandate repeal and tax reform we got
that done that's a big deal and judges
have been an unmitigated homerun both on
the Supreme Court the federal courts of
appeals
you know 2017 we confirmed 12 federal
appellate judges that's the most in the
first year of a president's term in
history right all of those are big big
victories now if you look at those every
one of those victories was done through
legislative vehicles that only require
50 votes that can't be filibustered what
I'm urging my colleagues to do is in
2018 let's demonstrate that same
seriousness
a purpose and let's bring up and vote on
major priorities let's bring up and vote
on making the individual tax cuts
permanent let's make the small business
tax cuts permanent let's vote on a full
repeal or if not major reform of
dodd-frank to free up capital for small
small banks that go and turn to small
businesses let's tackle Obamacare and
and and rescind regulations that are
driving up premiums and expand consumer
freedom all of those we can do if and
here's the critical if we tee up
vehicles that only require 50 votes if
we stay in the world of the Omnibus
where you need 60 votes we're not
getting nine Democrat right so there are
procedural vehicles that take 50 votes
the two are reconciliation which is how
we pass the tax cut that's how we pass
the Obamacare individual mandate repeal
it's it's how we passed my amendment
expanding college 529s the biggest
federal school choice legislation in
history we passed last year the other
Avenue I've suggested is using NAFTA
renegotiation as a vehicle for
regulatory reform but both of those you
can do with 50 votes and they can't be
filibustered if our leadership is
willing to focus on let's deliver on our
promise so you've been beating this drum
for a long time the Senate leadership
has been unwell in its pursuit of these
priorities I mean this is going all the
way back to your Obamacare filibuster a
quasi filibuster back in 2013
and so the real question that arises
from all this is and I want to put you
on the spot here but is it time to
replace Senator McConnell because
obviously Senate Majority Leader is the
I mean I think every conservative is
listening is saying okay well we're with
you on all these priorities and we're
hearing that we can do this so who's
stopping us we know Chuck Schumer's
against us we know Democrats are against
us so if McConnell is the guy who's
standing in the way then what's the deal
look I'm not gonna get into right now
sort of leadership politics and battles
what I do think is we need a Republican
leader who is responsive to the will of
the Republican Conference the will of
the majority and ultimately the will of
the people who elect us and I will say
among Senate Republicans there's a
generational divide it a divide between
what I call the young turks and the old
bulls the young turks i define is anyone
really elected 2010 early
and that's a little more than half our
conferences it's a big chunk of the
Republicans in the Senate huh The Young
Turks many of them are pushing forward
let's do more there's a real frustration
why are we not delivering on our
promises and I'll confess I'm doing
everything I can to encourage the
younger because come on guys
we can actually stand up and deliver we
we can have a real plan to win not just
a plan not to lose right but a plan to
get the kind of victories we got in 2017
you know I was deeply enmeshed up to my
eyeballs in all of those battles in 2017
especially the tax reform battle that
was a huge victory let's learn from our
victories and let's do it again
so one drill down on this for just one
more second and that is you know when it
comes to Senator McConnell you keep
saying leadership I assume his argument
here would be that he's got a fractious
caucus that there are five or six
Republicans y'all are not willing to go
along with the rest you say 80% of the
caucus wants to go along with you the
least 20% that isn't when you have a
fifty one-vote majority all you need is
two who don't like what you're doing in
order to sink something do you think
that's a real concern or do you think
that that's being exaggerated a little
bit by leadership as an excuse for doing
nothing look I think that's a very real
concern I mean we have fifty-one
Republicans there is massive a massive
ideological gulf it is hard to find an
issue that Susan Collins and Rand Paul
Graham mm-hmm
I mean that's you know the Democratic
Party they're unified they are all the
party of Elizabeth Warren and Bernie
Sanders they've all gone so far left
they can unify our party there are big
big big differences that being said
there are a lot of propositions you can
get 50 Republicans for you know that's a
lot of what you know it's interesting
some of the media commentators have been
puzzled at Cruz as consensus maker
I mean they sort of view that as a real
yeah how could Cruz be a consensus maker
it's real simple I believe in this stuff
I didn't run for office just because I
wanted an office in Washington DC I feel
great it is lousy and you all were
talking about right before the show
look I'm away from my kids every week
mm-hmm I mean this hurts to be away from
my daughters there's only one reason to
do it and it's to make a difference in
our country to get conservative victory
to defend the principles we believe in
and and and so that focus we've got to
get focused on doing that job and there
are lots of things you know before I was
in the Senate I was a Supreme Court
litigator mm-hmm I've settled a lot of
lawsuits the way you settle a lawsuit
you sit down with opposing party you sit
down with with you with the clients the
principles you say all right
what do you want what do you want okay
no one's gonna get everything where's
common ground what do we all agree with
there a lot of propositions you can get
50 Republicans on board make the
individual tax cuts permanent hmm
there's a very simple real victory you
know the week after the tax cut plan
passed Bernie Sanders went on on one of
the sunday shows with Jake Tapper and
tapper said said well look this tax cut
cuts the taxes for virtually every
middle-class taxpayer in America isn't
that a good thing and Bernie says of
course the problem is it's not permanent
I remember this yep and and so I took
that clip i retweeted it to the world I
said Bernie I agree and I've drafted
legislation to make it permanent join me
we can get this done right now now oddly
enough Bernie has been silent it's plain
enough from enough putting him in the
night but you know look that's a
proposition we can get 50 Republicans on
making the tax cuts perfect we can get
50 Republicans a lot of things on Obama
care that we can get expanding health
savings accounts we can get 50
Republicans on that allowing people to
use health savings accounts to pay for
premiums that lets you use pre-tax
dollars that reduces your effective
premium rate 20 to 30 percent like that
mm-hmm we can get 50 Republicans on that
mm-hmm
and and what I'm gonna be teeing up in
the coming weeks I've been having this
conversations with a lot of Senators who
agree with me in the next couple of
weeks when we get back in in DC I'm
planning to tee up to the whole
conference and have a conversation
listen is it really the case that is a
conference we're done we don't have any
ideas anymore we don't want to
accomplish anything I don't believe that
mmm if there are things we want to get
done and we've got potentially a narrow
window of time nine months to get it
done then let's develop a systematic
plan to accomplish those victories that
what what our leadership is doing right
now is going to Chuck Schumer and saying
Chuck what do you want to get done and
let's have a plan to get that
accomplished that I think is idiotic and
it's why our basis so what happened is a
final question for you 2018 obviously
the polls don't look fantastic it's
going to be very very important for
conservatives to get out and do
something about it the question that I
get a lot when I have folks like you
don't have senators on is is what are we
supposed to do with the grassroots
conservatives what can they do because
they sit around and they're really
frustrating there that frustration
bubbles to the top through the tea
parties or through Trump or whatever it
is but then they feel constantly let
down so what can they do right now to
help foster what you're talking about
what can they do the other two that and
sit around and grouse about it if you
look at 2018 2018 I think it's gonna be
a turnout election it's not a persuasion
election you the Democrats agree with
this by the way if you look at how the
Democrats are behaving they have decided
that that the set of swing voters of
voters who are going to show up in a
vote in November but haven't decided if
they're democrat or republican that
that's essentially a null set that does
exist yep so for the last 15 months what
we've seen is the demise of the moderate
Democrat where even the so-called
moderate democrats the joe Manchin's the
heidi hyde camps their voting records
are identical or virtually identical to
chuck schumer and Elizabeth Warren and
Bernie Sanders they're all tacking hard
left their objective is simple turnout
the far left and the far left they're
energized they're angry and they hate
the president it is their motivating
force and rage we're going to see in
November record democratic turnout in
all 50 states it's going to shatter
records the question that will determine
whether 2018 is a good election where we
win three four five Senate seats we come
back with a real functioning majority in
the Senate or whether we get blown out
and have Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer
as the leaders in Congress is going to
come entirely down to conservative
turnout the states that are up in 2018
there are more conservatives and
liberals if conservatives show up will
do well my state in Texas I'm up for
re-election in Texas we're facing
Democrats who are energized we just had
earlier this month a Democratic primary
we're democratic
turnout was up 100% four years ago was
five hundred thousand this year it was a
million now fortunately we had 1.5
million Republicans come out so we we
turned out conservatives but we got to
do that November mm-hmm
I'm facing an opponent congressman
baitoey Roarke right who's running hard
left he's running on open borders he's
running on aggressive gun control he's
running on socialized medicine he's
running on raising taxes and on the far
left they're raising money like crazy my
Democratic opponent is out raising me
well and what happens every time the
president says something tweets
something thousands of Bernie Sanders
leftists their heads explode and they go
online and they give fifty or hundred
bucks to every Democrat they can find so
one of the things the folks listening to
you look the other side is energized and
engaged for my campaign I'd encourage
you come to our website it's Ted Cruz or
Ted Cruz org sign up volunteer speak out
contribute we need the resources to
mobilize conservatives and then I'd
encourage one of the beauties of the
modern age of the social media age is
you don't have to be you know been
you've got a show you've got you've got
a media platform you know every one of
your listeners has a platform also every
one of your listeners can engage their
friends mobilize their friends make them
laugh make them care every person
listening to this show I hope number one
will contribute at Ted Cruz org but
number two will focus on energizing and
turning out conservatives for November
and simultaneously holding Republicans
accountable in Washington guys deliver
on your promises get more conservative
victories to give everyone a reason to
come vote well senator Cruz thanks so
much for stopping by I really appreciate
it's always great to see you and of
course we go all the way back to the
david Dewhurst days so it's good to see
you know obviously how prominent you've
become and we can only hope that you
continue to be in a leadership position
hopefully that grows over time thanks so
much senator for stopping by
thank you Ben
