writing today in the New York Times a
former newspaper 97 year old retired
Supreme Court Justice John Paul Stevens
says the Second Amendment should be
repealed in an op-ed dictated to his
nurse Helen whom he mistook for his late
brother Harold Stevens wrote quote it's
about time these whose moet 'it's
repealed the whatchamacallit so we can
get rid of those tommy gun things before
one of these flappers has too much
bathtub gin and someone gets hurt
unquote after putting a bowl of apple
sauce on his head and shouting look mom
home from the Navy the retired justice
went on to write quote it was so good to
see all those whippersnappers out in the
street demanding to have their
constitutional rights taken away back in
my day people wanted to be free in all
such nonsense and look how badly that's
turned out why I can't even find my
socks unquote here at the Daily wire we
applaud the Stephens op-ed we feel that
if a 97 year old man an 11 year old girl
a bisexual communist sympathizer and a
googly-eye teenage Nazi all agree
Americans should give up their guns we
clearly need more guns trigger warning
I'm Andrew Klavan and this is the Andrew
Clavin show
all right mailbag day Yahoo we will
answer all your questions answers
guaranteed hundred percent correct will
change your life
for one a to you for the better the rest
ask questions you've got to subscribe go
on the daily wire.com page press
podcasts hit my paws get podcasts the
Andrew Klavan show and then hit the
mailbag ask your question life will be
changed forever you can't get that back
I'm sorry there's no guarantee also this
week we're doing a Friday show right I
have to travel next week so we're not
doing a Monday show next week so the
claim on this weekend will begin on
Friday go Saturday Sunday and Monday
that's right and then we do it a Tuesday
Wednesday Thursday and then all right so
that's that is how that is going to work
meanwhile if you're like me when you use
a credit card you just figure that's for
everything's free right there's nothing
there's no money involved they're just
like the plastic and you're in and then
you're really surprised when you find
out that you're paying like 17% APR in
interest and two guys show up at your
house and threatened to break your legs
and you have to give up your career as a
heart surgeon and change your name to
Andrew Clavin into a podcast so you're
hiding in plain sight not that that's
ever happened but with light stream you
can solve that problem
light stream is a credit card
consolidate will give you a credit card
consolidation loan this is not a
fly-by-night company you need good
credit but they will give you a credit
card consolidation loan with fixed
interest rates as low as five point four
nine percent APR if you're using auto
pay this is backed by a rate beat
program light stream will beat any
qualifying interest rate presented by
any other lender and you could save
thousands of dollars in interest just by
doing this there's no fees the loans can
go from five thousand dollars to a
hundred thousand dollars light stream
you can choose the funding date you can
see the interest rates but
for you apply and the application is a
hundred percent online this is a
division of Sun Trust Bank so you can be
confident you're working with one of the
nation's largest and strongest financial
institutions so if you've got a bunch of
different credit cards they're all
charging you these massive interest
rates you can consolidate take out a
loan from light stream and apply today
and you can get an additional interest
rate discount on top of light streams
already low rates the only way from my
listeners with good credit to get this
special interest rate discount is to go
to light stream dot-com slash Andrew
that's light stream comm slash Andrew
and I know what you're saying I can
spell Andrew but how do you spell light
stream it's Li ght STR I am calm slash
Andrew this is subject to credit
approval rate includes point 50% auto
paid discount available only when you
select Auto pay prior to loan funding
terms and conditions apply and offers a
subject to change without notice
visit light stream comm for important
information about limits on light stream
loans same-day funding and rate beat
program I have to actually get one of
those fast readers to do that stuff you
know they always have the guy about
alright we're gonna get back to that
Stephens op-ed this is a former supreme
court justice saying we should repeal
the Second Amendment but there was
another Times op-ed that really struck
me very very powerful you know here's
the thing we talked about this all this
night Donald Trump is this enormous
figure it's really hard to talk about
the times and to talk about politics
without talking about Donald Trump and
he's a man with big flaws and he's a man
who's accomplished much as our president
doing really good job in his first year
but one of the things that I think has
been most positive about him arises from
some of the stuff that I find most
negative about him that he basically has
shattered political correctness or let's
put it this way he's punched put his
fist in political correctness and put a
bunch of cracks in this left wing wall
because political correctness is
basically an abuse of our good manners
it basically took our manners which are
based on gentlemen treating ladies in a
certain way treating each other in a
certain way signaling our goodwill
toward one another and it transformed
that into our good manners were based on
left-wing propositions if you made
certain kinds of jokes who are a racist
if you said things certain way
you were a racist to white privilege you
at this you had that it was all about
shutting people up using their manners
and that is an expert use of culture by
the left good job left if you want to
destroy freedom the best thing to do is
to wrap people in these chains of
culture in these chains of manners or
anything they say so people just stop
and think before they speak afraid of
violating left-wing protocols Trump is
just too rude he's just too rude he
doesn't care about politeness which is
bad but because of that he also has
shattered political correctness there's
a reason there's a reason that Facebook
and YouTube and Google and Twitter are
all panicking and trying to shut us down
it's because whenever we speak freely
we win because our arguments are better
than theirs their arguments make no
sense then none nothing the left says
makes any sense it's internally
contradictory you can take an argument
anytime you can take an argument of the
left and beat it with an argument from
the left the same argument the same
people are destroying their own
arguments I mean the one I always joke
about is that men and women are exactly
the same there's no difference but a man
can be a woman in a man's body and I
always think like well if they're
exactly the same how would he know how
would he know he had a woman inside so
they've used our good manners and
because Trump doesn't have good manners
he's you know yeah I think was yesterday
Dennis Prager which this cracks me up
because Dennis Prager is one of the most
mild-mannered you know gentle thoughtful
intellectual conservatives he's nothing
radical about him and he puts out these
wonderful Prager you videos and he puts
them out on YouTube and YouTube is so
shocked to find that people still
believe in the Ten Commandments or that
maybe Islam is not the best religion on
in the world stuff that he has brought
in experts including me to talk about
that they are defunding and restricting
his video so he sued them and he said
they are violating my First Amendment
rights of speech but also it's false
advertising because they said they were
an open platform so the judge judge Lucy
Coe threw the suit out although she
threw it out without prejudice so he can
amend the suit and come back and file it
again but he threw it out but the part
that interested me about this is she
says she said first of all YouTube which
is owned by Google is
a state operator so it's not bound by
the First Amendment
you know in this we come in here and
they can stop us from saying things if
they want to they don't but they could
you know cuz it's a private business but
here's the best part
she says plaintiff Praeger alleged that
YouTube violated the Lanham Act by
falsely advertising YouTube as quote a
forum for open expression by diverse
speakers and quote an equal and diverse
public forum right and he says in
reality they were discriminating against
conservative viewpoints and she goes on
to quote all the things that Prager was
complaining about you know that they
that YouTube said voices matter that
YouTube said is committed to fostering a
community where everyone's voice can be
heard and the reason this is not false
advertising says the judge the Court
finds that all of these statements
constitute mere puffery so she says
they're lying they're lying it's
advertising the line it's like saying
it's like saying oh it's the best you
know car in the world and then you buy
it and say well it's not the best car in
the world and you sue them for false
advertising she's saying all that stuff
was a lie so basically this finding
throws Denis's sued out but it also
justifies Dennis's suit by pointing out
that these people YouTube Google has
just become another mainstream media big
corporation defending big government
from reason that that is what big
corporations do big corporations love
big government because they crush the
little guys of Google's a big
corporation they love to crush the
little guy so they love to crush
conservatives so they've got a silence
guys like Dennis Prager and that and
that you know so it's like he lost the
suit for now but he won the point you
know he won the point anyway basically
so so the purpose of PC the purpose of
political correctness is to stop debate
because we win debate it's always about
silence you know you could see this it
was the CNN panel they've got these kids
right there mobilized these kids and I
think it's blowing up in their face and
they know it because now they're
starting to back off but they mobilize
all these kids against our gun rights
our Second Amendment rights that are
there to protect us from an overweening
government that they're in case we have
to have a revolution so the government
always remembers that it's not going to
be that easy to come and crush us that
is why we have guns and also for
self-defense I mean it's important we
shouldn't have to depend on the
government to defend us as they say when
when seconds count the police are
minutes away you know it's not that the
police are trying to do a good job it's
just they can't be everywhere so they
have this panel and just just listen to
this this is the way that political
correctness and leftist education has
caused these kids to be unable to debate
when when I was this age I could I could
debate you know I wouldn't say I was
smart I wouldn't say I was wise I
wouldn't say I knew anything but I knew
how to hold an argument listen to the
way these kids argue we had more armed
guards in our school again it would
perpetuate the school to Prison Pipeline
we have to be cognizant how to do that
just just help me understand the law
okay we didn't like it criminal you're
gonna act like a crime exactly and this
mindset the way that we are socialized
in schools as being seen as criminals as
being black bodies then that is going to
contribute to your way of life I'm not
white I'm not black but I am a person of
color and I do I don't feel comfortable
I'm walking around and I'm looking at
these cops and I'm like do they think
I'm up to something because of the color
of my skin and that that's how all of my
friends that are black in my school feel
and I don't receive the same airtime as
some of my friends and it is because I'm
not white racism your race logic of why
can't they talk about their experience
well why are you guys attacking white
people some white people implement it
into this country when you have 20% of a
population the entire United States
population committing 50% of the
homicides that's not just you are the
victims so just as people shouting names
at one another races right and and the
people's talking are talking about you
know as a black person and as a person
who's not black but he's not white but
he's pretty it's like that's what does
that got to do with the issue of whether
the teams would be safer with guns in
the school or not I mean that is the
issue they have been reduced to this by
whom by the adults because the adults
this is exactly I mean you could even
hear was that who was that Allison
cammarata
yeah you could hear you're saying well
why can't they speak about their
experience
who cares what about their experience
the the part that I loved was Don Lemon
and all right you can say Don Lemon is
the stupidest person in the universe so
it's not fair but still he was modeling
this very way of talking this is where
the kids get it they get it from the
adults listen to - lemon shutting this
woman up because she dares to question
the authority of these children they
have a right to do this I also think
that we if you criticize some of what
they're saying then all of a sudden
you're the bad guy but you are the bad
guy and you move on you're an adult you
let them vent and you understand that
maybe you do understand more than they
do but you let them vent just as you let
a Goldstar widow or a gold star you
don't go by without pushing those kids
are not gonna change the Second
Amendment they're not law makers but we
are give we are elevating them to a
point where now that they're above a
beyond reproach and they deserve to have
every elevation because of what they
don't do because we listen to them
because we I can't I can't imagine what
they went to and if I went through
something like that I would want people
I would want to be able to vent as much
as possible I would say he should be
smacked in the head but it would may
have no effect it's made of rock here
she says we're elevating them and we
can't attack them
she says he says no no no we're not
elevating them but we are and you are
the bad guy for they are modeling shut
up arre that is what they were modeling
but because of Trump because of Trump
some of this is starting to shatter a
little bit and even from the left we're
starting to hear some today there was an
op-ed in The New York Times that I don't
even know if they understood it was
supposed to be kind of it included some
anti-gun rhetoric but it was by a young
woman who had tried to befriend this
school shooter in Florida Nicholas Cruz
and the headline is I tried to befriend
Nicolas Cruz he still killed my friends
I'm just gonna read a little bit says I
am writing this because of the
disturbing number of comments I've read
that goes something like this maybe if
mr. Cruz's classmates and peers had been
a little nicer to him the shooting at
Stoneman Douglas would never have
occurred this deeply dangerous sentiment
expressed under the walk up not out
hashtag implies that acts of school
violence can be prevented if students
befriend disturbed and potentially
dangerous classmates the idea that we
are to blame even implicitly for the
murders of our friends and teachers is a
slap in the face to all Stoneman Douglas
victims and survivors she says she has
been the cruise through an apple at her
at one point and she says a year after
he assaulted me I was assigned to tutor
him through my school's peer counseling
program looking back I am horrified I
now understand that I was left
unassisted with a student who had a
known history of rage and brutality no
amount of kindness or compassion alone
would have changed the person that
Nicholas Cruz is and was or the
horrendous actions he perpetrated but I
don't even know if the times understands
how this destroys the narrative of
everything being America's fault right
when remember after 9/11 if you don't
remember after 9/11 Noam Chomsky guys
like that the Liberals David Letterman
on television started to ask the
question why did they hate us why do
they hate us it's like asking flighted
Nicholas Cruz hate those students and
she is telling you it's not it you know
it's kind of it's a kind of moral
narcissism it's the idea that other
people have no beam have no philosophy
have no motives so if you change your
behavior you can control their behavior
I mean that kind of self-hatred is a
sort is also a kind of narcissism which
we know is one of the diseases of the
left it's like you know what it's like
it's like a wife who's getting beaten by
her husband saying you know if I can
just if I can just get breakfast right
if I don't burn the toast this time he's
not gonna beat me well he is because he
is a bad guy he is a bad guy the people
who did 9/11 bad guys Nicholas Cruz bad
guys it's just their arguments when when
the truth comes out when people speak
the truth because this woman is actually
saying something that you don't often
hear it's always good for freedom it is
always good for freedom when the truth
comes out even justice Stevens article
as far as I was concerned was a breath
of fresh air because they keep saying oh
we don't want to take your guns away we
don't we don't want to
take your guns we don't want to repeal
the Second Amendment you know we don't
we don't believe in gay marriage we just
want gay people to be free they always
do this and then it's always too late
toothpaste is out of the tube you can't
put it back this is the way it is you
know we don't want we don't want open
borders but if anybody comes in here
he's free to stay and anybody who says
there should be a border is a bad guy
you know I mean this is the way it
always works so I'm glad justice Stevens
said what he said you know let them try
he says he says this is a Supreme Court
justice right a former Supreme Court
justice
he said overturning the Second Amendment
would be simple getting rid of the
second you know to change an amendment
you need two-thirds of the Congress and
three-fourths of the states I think not
very simple my feeling is go for PAL go
for it if people don't want their
freedoms anymore they don't deserve
their freedoms you start with an anti
Second Amendment repealing the Second
Amendment and I'll start with an
amendment banning abortion and we'll see
who gets which one gets passed first at
least you know it's out in the oh you
know another another thing that all this
I feel is happening because the left has
been thrown back on itself by Trump's
refusal to acknowledge their moral
superiority just because he's so rude
you know Walmart has banned cosmopolitan
cosmopolitan is this feminist piece of
garbage that sells sex it's a
pornographic it sells the most
self-destructive sex attitude towards
sex the most trashy slutty attitude
toward sex attitude that is bound to
make you unhappy Walmart just banned it
because of the me to movement so it's
the left eating itself and by the way
when the left is eating itself it goes
really well with leftist cheers so you
might want to get the the tumble the
tumbler anyway but but now also because
of this the the right is starting to get
a little bit of a voice on in the
culture because all of this is cracking
and people are saying well these people
are out there I mean they're leaving in
Hollywood I just had this conversation
with my agent yesterday I said then
Hollywood they're leaving so much money
on the ground by not doing a show here's
a show for Trump supporters here's a
comedian who supports Trump they're not
doing it who got the idea Roseanne
Roseanne Barr the only I mean you know
here's a woman she was she was big when
I was
out of the country in the 90s I never
really experienced Roseanne Barr
Michelle she's back playing a trump
supporter and the the trick here is that
she's very culturally liberal she's just
economically in favor of Donald Trump
and you may say well that's bad but I
don't think so because I think that's
true of a lot of Trump voters I think
that's one of the things we have to take
into account that a lot of these Trump
voters are actually Democrats who have
come over to the Republican side for the
economic America first message but even
so Roseanne here's a scene from the
first episode and Roseanne has her
sister I believe comes in wearing the
pink hat and the nasty woman shirt and
she looks so stupid that I mean it's
just it's a commentary in and of itself
but listen watch the scene or doctor or
captain of industry because girls can be
whatever they want and Jackie thinks
that every girl should grow up and be
president even if they're are a liar
liar pants on fire I think we know who's
liar and who's on fire welcome back
thank you for your service Thanks but
I've been out of the army for three
months oh I've been off the force for
years but I still taste the adrenaline
how's the missus she win the war over
there yet no okay well thank her for her
service I brought salad
thank you for your salad everybody this
is the first dinner together we've had
as a family in a long time let's try to
survive it yeah first let's say grace
Jackie would you like to take a knee
dear lord thank you for this food and
for bringing our son DJ home safe from
Syria please protect his wife Gina and
all our troops till overseas please
watch over our son Jerry who's on that
stupid fishing boat where apparently
they don't get phone calls but most of
all Lord thank you for making America
great reiax it's just a nasty woman sure
there's enough satire for me they're
praying at the table I mean it is it is
a different voice and she is a person
basically of the left she was big
friends with Hillary Clinton until they
had a falling out the movie
Chappaquiddick is coming out I love this
I love this here's here's a scene from
the movie Chappaquiddick this is Teddy
Kennedy showing up I believe at this
point the woman is still in the drink of
drowning because he didn't go back to
rescue her and he goes to get a friend a
friend for help but listen to this line
this is an incredible line
bitch oh god and you've got a problem
sure thing
what's that happen to you you better get
Paul to come on Teddy what's the big
idea I'm not gonna be pressured not not
I killed the girl I'm not gonna be
president and CNN in the review said
this is about one of Kennedy's darkest
hours I thought one of Kennedy's darkest
hours I mean what yeah
also it's only one of his darkest hours
so that really indicates this just
killing a girl you know that's one of
one of those things I've done a lot of
things wrong that was one of them I mean
they picked up that narcissism of the
left you know it's I'm not gonna be
president it's it's amazing and the
other day and now this was not surprised
to me but the guys would do South Park
they won an award from the left-wing
activist group people for the American
Way which is from what says the guys
name the guy who did all in the family
he runs people with the American where
he started it and they got up to accept
the award first they had larry elder
introduce them and then they said we're
republican and everybody started kind of
chuckling ha ha ha a joke and they said
no seriously we're republican no now
anybody who has ever watched South Park
knew they were libertarian certainly and
if you watch Team America which was a
part of it was really funny I mean
they're very grotesque but they had a
scene in Team America with Sean Penn
where he was blaming Bush for everything
and hey by the way you'll see at the
bottom it says he's a member of the film
Actors Guild but it only has the
initials F H this thing was Sean Penn
here last year I would rock before team
America showed up it was a happy place
they had flowery meadows and rainbow
skies and and rivers made of chocolate
when the children danced and laughed and
played with gumdrop smiles so Penn got
some take it off he wrote them a letter
and then published it you know screaming
it's Matt Damon was cursing at him but
this is all one thing that is happening
I mean I understand these are just
little beams of light that are flashing
through but because Trump is so
belligerent people who are not
belligerent people who are just trying
to make their
people are just trying to say what they
have to say suddenly have this
incredible damp towel of political
correctness unwrapped from around their
faces and are feeling a little bit
bolder I think it is a huge thing I
think it is the thing if I had to pick
one thing that Trump has done if I well
I'd have to pick two it's the judges and
this that I think are going to have a
real effect because I don't care you can
throw out the lawsuit against Google and
YouTube but now we know we see you
YouTube we see who you are and now we
know and it's going to it's not going to
be long before people start to build
their own platforms before the
government start to set say you've got a
monopoly on information maybe we should
break this up a little bit it's not
gonna be long if you keep silencing
conservative voices when conservatives
are gonna strike back and finally
finally finally get into the culture the
way they should
mailbag is coming up I got to say
goodbye to Facebook and YouTube come on
over the Daily wire calm subscribe for a
lousy 10 bucks a month they'll lousy
hundred bucks for the entire year plus
the leftist years tumblr and you can be
in the mailbag ask your questions
answers guaranteed correct will change
your life for some of you maybe for the
better and the mail egg what is that one
second delay it makes me crazy all right
from Elizabeth hi drew why do people
have a problem with Jews why is
anti-semitism a thing why are Jews
targeted differently from any other
religion say like Protestants Mormons
Buddhist etc they certainly are it's a
good question I write about this by the
way and my memoir the great good thing I
write an entire chapter I think it's
called this thing of darkness and it is
about my take on anti-semitism and I
will summarize it's clear I mean first
of all there's a historical element to
this I mean the Jews were always
separatists they were always saying we
don't want anybody in our religion our
religion it makes us good your
barbarians that always set takes people
off anyway but that would have been
normal because a lot of people felt like
that the whole word barbarian is a Greek
word because the people who weren't
Greek sounded to them like they were
saying bah bah bah so they called
barbarians it's really where the word
comes from but b-because Christianity
was a breakaway sect from Judaism and
because the Jews were ticked off about
it I mean preaching Christianity in the
middle of Jerusalem which is what they
were doing was dangerous right there was
already animosity between the Christians
and the Jews but then in 70 AD the Jews
had an uprising against the Romans and
the Romans crushed them they destroyed
basically Palestine they threw them out
it was a there's a if you go to Rome
there's still a the arch of Titus I
believe it is it still says you know
carvings about this people carrying
their soldiers carrying away the
menorahs and all the stuff it was an
absolute disaster for the Jews some
people believe that this was the
abomination of desolation that Jesus was
talking about that that this what you
know he was warning them turned the
other cheek because the expect will kill
you some people actually have that as
their theology but the point was after
this it's speculated that it was very
useful for the Christians to distance
themselves from the Jews saying we're
not they were not those Jews were new
Jews we're not this is not that thing is
then they pose Christianity as opposed
to the Jews and of course part of this
was the theology that it was quote the
Jews who killed Christ the Jews who
killed Jesus and I as I say in my book I
feel like that's not even an English
sentence because when you say the Jews
who are you know I I didn't do it you
know I wasn't there so I just feel like
that's a very strange thing to say but
it was part of the theology that the
Messiah had come the Jewish Messiah had
come to the Jews they hadn't recognized
him and now he the religion had gone off
to the Gentiles and the Jews had been
cut out of the religion I think there's
a psychological element to this that
grew up over time by the time you're in
the Middle Ages the Jew most people had
never seen a Jew but the Jew was the
killer of Christ and when they do their
Easter plays the Jew would come on as
the evil Jew and he would be clotting
against Christ the idea that the Jews
were decides killers of God became a
very very powerful preaching idea within
the Catholic Church and the Catholic
Church says well you know we always
defended the Jews when they were
attacked by the mob well maybe that's
true
but the mob was incited by these ideas
and you know we talk about the Crusades
being defensive wars against the Muslims
when the Crusaders would go marching off
to fight the Muslims they always pause
and kill some Jews on the way on the
theory that why should we fight the
infidel in Outremer overseas when we can
we've got infidels right here so let's
kill them on the way so I believe
there's a psychological element to this
I wrote about this in my novel the
uncanny and the guys call that the
uncanny because Freud had written a book
called the uncanny about about what he
called the return of the repressed if
something is so horrible in your past
you that you repress it and it becomes
unconscious it keeps coming back in
deformed ways and this is what I believe
I believe that the Jews relationship to
God represents all of our relationships
to God so that all the things that the
Jews did anybody would have done but
they were the ones chosen to illustrate
this in history everybody killed Jesus
everybody anybody who was there if you
were there if I were there we would have
done the same thing because the light of
God is so powerful and it shines us on
all our flaws and we hate we hate him
for it and so we would have killed him
it was easier instead of accepting that
guilt to blame it on the Jews and that
so in other words it was kind of
self-hatred being projected outward
that's my psychological take on it and I
really believe that people in the end
that people hate Jews because they hate
God and they hate God because they hate
themselves and God's light shines on you
and shows you who you really are and the
Jews introduced this God into our world
he introduced the idea that we are
sinful and you know fallen and we hate
them for those things you know it's
basically it's basically a way of
punishing ourselves for killing God by
blaming it on the Jews that's the way I
think about it I say it a little bit
more clearly in my book it's a it's a
very complex thought but if you read the
book there is a chapter on it and where
I felt that explains him pretty well at
least my point of view from Joseph dear
Clavin Auguste Imperator of the shaven
pate I have always been fascinated by
the intrigue and baroque atmospheres of
the private investigator genre movies
love PPI movies there's something about
the lone man on the edge of the law that
strikes me supremely compelling
unfortunately the genre seems to have
fallen out of favor recently the
is true and I'll tell you why in a
minute the most recent example of a well
crafted P I movie I can recall was a
walk among the tombstones starring Liam
Neeson I saw that it was good it's based
on Laurence block was if you've never
read him he's a very good p.i writer
however there is little before and
nearly nothing after of which I'm aware
I'm a millennial and hoping you could
give me your top three all-time favorite
p.i films thank you for all you do your
disciple Joe you know there's a theory
and I don't know who first came up with
this theory but there's a theory that
police shows are for liberals because
it's a trust in government and p.i
Sori's are for conservatives because
it's about a lone man taking on the
system in TV for the last 20 years you
could not sell a private eye show that's
changing a little bit now that there's
so many TV channels but but before
before maybe three years ago you could
not sell a private investigator story
they just wouldn't even listen to it you
say it's about a private right no we
don't want it and I said to somebody
once I said to a producer why won't you
listen to a P I think and she said
liberal of course she said the world is
just too complicated for a man alone to
solve the problems that is of course the
classic wilsonian you know liberal
argument the world is too complicated
for individuals it now has to be solved
by the experts so that is why there's
some hostility toward p i-- movies
however there have been some great great
p i-- movies you have to go back into
the black and white as a millennial you
got to go back into the black and white
era to get the really good ones the best
i'm not gonna tell you the three best
because i you know some of them are just
great here's some great ones The Maltese
Falcon
probably the greatest Private Eye movie
ever made
that's with Humphrey Bogart you got to
see the one with Humphrey Bogart the big
sleep also with Humphrey Bogart murder
my suite with Dick Powell which is also
based on a Raymond Chandler story like
The Big Sleep The Thin Man is a funny
one also based on a Dashiell Hammett
story like The Maltese Falcon The
Maltese Falcon the big sleep murder my
sweet thin man Harper which is based on
Ross Macdonald one of the modern masters
and stars Paul Newman lots of fun a
little dated because it takes place in
the 60s and has hippies and things like
that
Chinatown if you've never seen Chinatown
excellent movie with Jack Nicholson
Klute with what
Donald who's the guy in 24 does anybody
remember what's that he foresaw this
donald sutherland his father is include
one really strange one is angel heart it
has a supernatural story but it's a
really good story very ugly and scary
and if you've never seen i don't know if
you can get these but if you've never
seen the TV shows harry oh and the
outsider they're probably a little dated
as well but they're very good private
life stories also if you've never read
any of these books you know read The
Maltese Falcon read The Big Sleep
they're some of the greatest writing in
American literature read what are some
of the other really grow read either
jury Mickey Spillane really interesting
story that's really good by dear Andrew
The Haven from insanity Clavin you talk
about your transformation from atheism
to Christianity but I have not heard
much about your transformation to
conservatism is it related to your
religious transformation or have you
always been a conservative it at heart
no it's not related weirdly enough they
too happened kind of at the same time
really really not I shouldn't say that
they didn't happen at the same time but
the conservative the transformation to
conservatism happened first I was always
a disgruntled liberal especially when
political correctness game I thought
political correctness was terrible I
remember when the backi decision came in
which allowed affirmative action I
remember saying out loud the left that
liberals as we called them then because
they were still liberal liberals have
run out of ideas if once you have to
impose racial quotas you have run out of
good ideas but what really changed
things was the lies they told about
Ronald Reagan because when Ronald Reagan
became president he was a war monger he
was an idiot it was just like with Trump
he was a fool he was a movie actor
didn't know what he was doing he was
just playing a part all this stuff and I
believed it I believed all of it I
thought Reagan was the biggest idiot I
ever met I thought he's gonna get us all
killed in a war with the Soviet Union
all of it and everything Reagan said
came true and everything he did worked
everything so the economy took off there
was all it's gonna be a disaster we got
economy took off for the next 25 years
and they they try to give Clinton credit
that was Reagan he was Clinton was just
managing didn't manage
the Reagan economy they tried to give
the the they tried to give me Kilgore
betrothed they gave him the Nobel Prize
for the fall of the Soviet Union
Gorbachev did everything he could to
keep the Soviet Union alive
it was Reagan who brought it down Reagan
and the Pope and Margaret Thatcher who
brought it down almost single-handedly
because everybody was attacking them
every single day nobody knew the Berlin
Wall was going to fall nobody knew the
Soviet Union was gonna fall except
Ronald Reagan and when it fell I was
like wool and it really had an effect on
me I thought he was the only person who
said it was going to happen maybe he's
not an idiot maybe he's not a cowboy
maybe he's not a movie actor and that
was the slow slow beginning I was living
in England when I started to make this
turn so it wasn't until I got back
because I was completely out of American
politics it wasn't until I got back and
let's started listening to rush and
reading the National Review they had a
great column then called they the corner
where everyone would go and just chat I
used to call them my imaginary friends
and I thought these are the guys who
were speaking the things that I'm
thinking and so maybe I'm a conservative
which was shocking to me because my
father had told me the Conservatives
were Nazis and and so it was just a
shocking revelation to me that these
were my friends and that that basically
is what happened and finally I think was
John put Horwitz put something on the
corner about poets and I finally chimed
in because I knew a lot about poetry and
put heart said oh I read your book you
know true crime or something like this
and we got together and started talking
and I realized that these were the
people these were my homies and they
were actually saying speaking the truth
and that was how I that was how I
changed there I will say that it did
have connect connect to my religious
transformation only when I realized that
I could believe something that far from
the way I'd been raised I realized that
may have freed me a little bit to
believe in Christianity as well hi
from Adam hi mr. Cleveland I
unfortunately haven't had the time to
read a novel for quite a few years and
will soon have that luxury available to
me again I've been a fan of your
political commentary for some time now
and I'm interested in reading some of
your novels I'm a huge fan of sci-fi
mystery crime and fantasy which novel
should I begin with I would begin with
werewolf cop and and then also listen to
the podcast another Kingdom those are my
kind of most science fiction fans
books most of my books are crime novels
but werewolf cop I think is I think it's
one of my best novels terrible title but
one of my best novel and another Kingdom
the podcast you'd also enjoy from
Jarrell and we get a lot of questions
from him but he always ask good
questions dear brave sir Clavin and
Today Show it's been a long times I've
been elevated from a knight for a long
time as I'm writing this question you
mentioned people wanting to make child
sex robots for pedophiles I'm certainly
many recoiled in horror as I did but
given the theme I noticed in the episode
why do we know some things are right and
some things are wrong it got me thinking
why do we know pedophilia or even
something like bestiality are wrong
there's a general consensus that listed
in the Bible is wrong but that just begs
the question why is it in the Bible how
do we know pedophilia is wrong and more
generally how do we derive the
conclusion that any given sexual acts is
wrong okay in two ways there are two
arguments about this both of them true
the one is is the argument about consent
because many things that we think of
sexual crimes are not actually sexual
are only sexual incidentally they're
actually violating other kinds of
they're committing other kinds of sins
and when you rape somebody for instance
it's a sexual crime but the sin you're
committing is you're violating that
person's freedom that right to consent
with their own body their right to do
with their body with their will a child
and an animal cannot give consent to
something like sexuality certainly an
animal can't and certainly a child
cannot a child cannot understand you
know what sex is why it is difficult why
it's important why it's complex if you
as an adult rape a child you're
committing
it's rape it's it's simply rape because
the child cannot give consent so that is
one reason the other reason is more
complicated and there has more angles to
it which is of course the kind of
Aristotelian argument of the purpose of
things you know the purpose of what is
the purpose of your body and that is
where a lot of sexual morality comes
from it is not oh I hate gay people
it is the sexuality has a purpose and
you're not using it for that purpose and
that is it's basically breaking the law
of virtue now like I said there's there
a lot of complicated are
here and you can get to a lot of
different places but I do think it's
true that if you don't understand
yourself as a human
you don't understand yourself as a
spirit as a being that you know as a
thing with a name that God knows you
cannot know how to use your sexuality
once you understand that it becomes
clearer that love has to be involved
respect has to be involved that you have
to use it in a situation where the
consequences will not be murdering the
child in your room you have to use it in
situations where the consequences will
not be breaking the hearts of people are
using their bodies as if they were
objects those are all things that go
into the morality of sexuality and can
be very complex and you can get to
different places that way but there too
again you are misusing your body when
you attack a child or an animal and it
really is I mean the thing with consent
it's just rape I mean it's raping an
animal is raping a child dear lord of
lofty thoughts and prognostications you
are my last hope I've searched and
searched but I can't find the lyrics to
your theme song specifically I don't
understand what the birds are singing
this is from Francis they're singing
hunky dunky do-right doesn't know what
this hunky dunky do is what singing from
Isaac you're Arthur leanness Clavin I've
watched your show for a long time and
occasionally when something great
happens you played a montage of scenes
from old movies where characters sang
happy songs this is the Trump Happiness
montage I could really use the
positivity in my life I haven't seen it
in a long time and I miss it yes this is
what we do when Trump scores a major
victory that we approve of so we will
play the Trump happiness montage to end
today's mail bet we're gonna win so much
we're gonna win with the economy we're
gonna win with military we're gonna win
without parents for our veterans we're
gonna win with every single facet it
always makes me laugh
oh what a wonderful day
we're gonna win so much you may even get
tired of winning yeah you'll say please
please it's too much winning we can't
take it anymore
I feel pretty oh so pretty I feel pretty
and witty and guess we have to keep
winning
that thing it always cracks me up all
right so it's Holy Week and we've been
talking about our old friend uncle Jesus
all week and what some of just some of
the things that have been on my mind
recently and yesterday I was talking
about the fact that when God speaks two
things are happening one is God is
speaking and the others people are
hearing and what we get is what people
heard you know and we have to kind of
figure that out and that makes the laws
of the Jews very particular to the Jews
and I was thinking that you could sort
of deduce from that you could say well
isn't God speaking to everybody through
all of nature so aren't are all
religions a path to God no only my
religion is but to God yours is gonna
get you sent to hell no I'm joking
but you know I was thinking I was
thinking about this in relationship to
Buddhism and not because I dislike
Buddhism but because I like it very much
I practice Zen for many years it was
incredibly helpful the meditations
focused my mind I remember I have no
shot in basketball I never have had a
shot they used to send me in basketball
in high school they used to send me just
to foul people because I was bigger than
everybody else but but I had no shot but
when I was meditating doing Zen
meditation I became really good at waste
paper basket ball and I would win bets
and I would get all happy all these
quarters in my pocket because I would be
winning at the radio station where I was
working for so I really liked it and but
there came a point when I sort of the
the the beauty of it went past me or I
went past it and I began to feel that
sitting meditating was like being dead
and one of the things about the Buddhist
philosophy is it is an attempt to
achieve happiness by letting go of
desire the idea is that life is
suffering that uh you suffer because you
desire things and you hate other things
you have a version to other things and
if you can let go of your desires and
your aversions then the changing you
know passage of time and that's things
that happen to you don't affect you
anymore and you are elevated above
suffering and the idea here also is that
you have no self so the self is really
not a permanent thing and you're trying
to hold on to the self let it go
and that so it actually was a little bit
like being dead because you are you know
you were letting go of the self and I
started to think you know I'll let go of
myself when I'm dead but that now I have
desires I have things that I desire and
I'm willing to suffer for those desires
because I it seems to me that I was made
with a purpose I was I have a purpose
inside me a path inside me and I want to
express that path and I didn't know that
was sending putting me on the path to
Christianity but I really do believe it
was because Jesus's attitude was a
little different he did say things like
if you lose yourself you'll find
yourself although the word there means
it's very complicated word I mean self
and soul and life you know so sometimes
they translate it if you lose your life
you'll find your life and he said take
up your cross deny yourself take up your
cross and follow me
and so he actually isn't telling you to
rise above suffering he's telling you
almost to embrace suffering but embrace
suffering and following him and
following the logos embodied logos of
the world and this is much more in
keeping with the kind of Western Way of
finding joy through virtue by finding
joy by doing things according to their
purposes so so for into I'm a writer I
write stories if I sit down and write
stories and I've done this from time to
time we're just thinking I'm gonna make
a lot of money with this story I'm gonna
make a the story gives me no joy
now the story may be great I mean if
Shakespeare wrote plays just to make
money some people think he did I doubt
it but if he did write plays he'd still
be Shakespeare he'd still be Shakespeare
but he wouldn't have joy I sit down to
write and always I try to write the most
beautiful most exciting most delightful
thing that I can write I'm always in the
story itself not thinking about the
money until it's time to sell the book
and then it's not to think about the
money but the book has been created in
joy in virtue and that I think is closer
to what Jesus was saying when he said
take up your cross and follow me because
if you have your desires and you follow
your desires you're going to fail
you're gonna lose you're gonna suffer if
you live as a person as an actual human
you're going to feel the pain and
sadness of the world you are not going
to rise above
you're not gonna be a Buddhist at peace
with everything you are going to cry out
from the cross from time to time my God
my God why have you forsaken me and that
to me is what Jesus called life and
abundance and that is a very different
way to live and you can see it in the
different attitudes of the Buddhists who
are looking for peace they're looking
for it flaccidity you look at their
societies that's kind of what they hold
up and we hold up this kind of action
determination achievement building
things making things it has nothing I'm
not condemning the society and I'm
certainly not condemning Buddhism I'm
simply saying that it is a different
path and it leads you to a different
place and for me the Christianity is
clearly the life in abundance that I'm
looking for that's it tomorrow we have
Warren Farrell who wrote this really
interesting book about the crisis for
boys which is certainly a crisis it is
going to be interesting and like I said
we've got a Friday show as well so be
there tomorrow
I'm Andrew Klavan this is the Andrew
Clavin show
the Andrew Clavin show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover technical producer Austen Stevens
edited by Alex zingaro audio is mixed by
Mike core Mina hair and makeup is by
Jesuit vera and our animations are by
Cynthia Angulo and Jacob Jackson the
Andrew Klavan show is a daily wire for
word publishing production copyright for
word publishing 2018
