hi my name is John and I am a senior
doing a political science major and I
would like to ask the question in
regards to this is my first time ever
doing it sort of thing okay okay you
stated that you didn't care about
people's concern about the Browning of
America which in my opinion is
essentially not caring about the issue
of illegal immigration
no and sorry go ahead and yet you
support Israel's ethnos state by stating
that Judaism must be preserved since
elements like this uphold Jewish
national identity and culture which I
don't mind but the fact that you know
you don't care about the demographic
change in America is kind of concerning
because you know we're all Americans
here right and you know I the question
is do you want our nation to end up like
a third world country such as Brazil or
a disaster like Germany and Sweden right
now
okay so Brazil's a second world country
technically it's a developing country
it's not like a fully underdeveloped
country or a failed state then why why
is there a far-right candidate winning
at the moment I mean if you want to
argue Brazilian politics I agree that
Brazilian politics have been dominated
by the far left but I'm not sure that
that's of tremendous interest let's talk
about the first question okay when I say
I don't care about the Browning of
America what I mean is I don't care
about ethnicity it doesn't make any
difference to me the only thing that
makes a difference to me is the ideals
of the people who are coming across the
border now when people say I am Pro
illegal immigration I do not know where
in the hell they would possibly get that
this seems to when people repeat when
people repeatedly say stuff like this
way and I see this meme all the time oh
she Bureau cares about a Jewish ethnos
day but he but he doesn't care about it
legal immigration I was further right
than Donald Trump was in the last
election cycle on illegal immigration I
opposed the 2006 amnesty deal I opposed
the 2000 2010 amnesty deal I have I've
consistently been anti-illegal
immigration I supported the wall this is
just a lie the idea that I'm probably
legal immigration is not true in the
slightest what I have said is that we
ought to deal with how to stop the
influx of illegal immigration and then
deal with the people who are here
and separate off the two issues and when
it comes to the folks who are here
illegally what we should do is we should
assess those folks in the same way we
assess everybody else coming into the
country are they going to ad
economically to the country and
culturally to the country are they gonna
make the country a better place are they
gonna make a country a worse place and
that involves assimilation now as far as
the idea of the Jewish ethnos States I
don't care very much about at all
actually about Jewish ethnicity Jewish
ethnicity makes no difference to me
what does make a difference to me is
Jewish ideals because I care about
judeo-christian ideals in the United
States and I care about Jewish ideals in
Israel which is why I don't care and I'm
very happy that thousands tens of
thousands of Ethiopian Jews who are
black were flown to Israel to become
Israelis I'm very happy that tens of
thousands of Russian Jews who were
Russian were flown from Russia to become
Israelis my wife is Moroccan right she's
Moroccan Israeli so this idea that that
it's it's about ethnicity as opposed to
ideology or ideas is just not true then
the amazing thing about Judaism just
like most other religions is you can
become one okay I can't become a black
man there's no way for me to do it right
I can become a Christian you could
become a Jew right this means that there
are ideological systems that you can buy
into that allow you entry and I believe
that the United States should operate
the same way you can become an American
if you buy into Central American ideals
but I'm not gonna pretend that I care
whether a whether a bunch of people who
are pro America and pro-american ideals
come from Cuba
versus coming from Britain I understand
that
