this is brand-new study from the New
York Times complete with massive
beautiful graphics all about how black
people can't get ahead in America here
was the headline from the New York Times
yesterday ok extensive data shows
punishing reach of racism for black boys
that's a pretty shocking headline right
for the New York Times which usually
ends around zits headlines usually it
says something like data sometimes
suggests black people have have faced
discrimination in certain areas people
say right that's a normal New York Times
headline so this one's a hard-hitting
and headline extensive data shows
punishing reach of racism for black boys
ok so what exactly does the study show
this finding that no income gap exists
between black and white women raised in
similar households should also make
youth wonder is this really about racism
is racism the dividing line because
again black women happen to be black so
if black women have the same outcomes as
white women when given the same
circumstances wouldn't that suggest that
racism is not actually the central
problem right black women aren't not
black just because they're treated well
by the surrounding community right this
is that that's a foolish argument the
study itself says that black women
earned slightly more than white women
conditional on parent income there's
little or no gap in wage rates or hours
of work between black and white women
and black women also have a higher
college attendance rate than white men
conditional on parental outcome non
parental income rather so immediately
this should give you some serious pause
as to the headline those espoused by the
New York Times again the New York Times
headline here was extensive data shows
punishing reach of racism for black boys
they're already attributing all of the
difference between black boys and white
boys to racism even though that racism
parently just disappears with regard to
black women which is kind of weird and
immediately she wonder is racism really
the dividing factor here or is it the
black women and black men actually have
different perspectives on
decision-making processes in higher
income households where is it possible
that young black men and young black
women are encouraged for two different
activities even in higher income
households with two parents here's what
the New York Times didn't report there's
a direct quote from the study policies
focused on improving the economic
outcomes of a single generation such as
cash transfer programs or minimum wage
increases are less likely to have
persistent effects unless they also
effect intergenerational mobility so in
other words the Democrats favorite
methods of closing this gap they don't
do anything
not only
forced integration in schools in housing
won't do anything either they'll quote
also likely leave much of the gap in
place since the gap persists even among
low-income children raised on the same
block so all of the left favorite policy
prescriptions that would rise from that
that shocking headline from the New York
Times the study itself rejects so what
exactly is the difference so what
exactly is the difference between why
young black men who are growing up rich
with two-parent families and young white
men growing up the same way have
different outcomes what would explain
that well one theory that was put
forward by black anthropologist John Abu
since the 1980s theorized that black
children were offer are often penalized
socially for acting white okay those
aren't my words those are the words of
Barack Obama here's a Barack Obama said
in 2004 quote children can't achieve
unless we raise their expectations and
turn off the television sets and
eradicate the slander that's as black
youth of the book is acting white and in
fact repeated studies have shown that
even in high-income areas black students
spend less time on studying than white
students particularly black males Barack
Obama reiterated this in 2014 he said
there's an element of truth in the
accusation that too many black parents
denigrate education we're okay if boys
are reading too much than what why are
you doing that or why are you speaking
so properly right this was a serious
question that was asked about Barack
Obama in 2008 by people on the left is
he black enough because he doesn't speak
in Ebonics and because the president
used to the the ex-president used to you
know had a a very mellifluous speaking
voice and if he turned on the radio you
wouldn't know whether he was white or
black and used particularly dialects
right there's a lot of talk is he is he
too white right is Clarence Thomas too
white our educated black people too
white this is there's a serious issue
that there are a lot of people who have
faced larry elder has talked about this
a lot thomas soul has talked about this
there is a cultural denigration in
certain parts of the black community
against education by the way this exists
in certain parts of the white community
as well in hillbilly elegy JD Vance
talked specifically about this in
impoverished white communities in
Appalachia for example communities that
value education and that promote
education are more likely to have
children who value education promote
education and end up with better life
outcomes the reason that agents
outperform whites is because Chinese
American culture and Korean American
culture to take a couple of examples are
heavily focused on education and
achievement this is also true of Jewish
Americans who came to the United States
dirt-poor and tested below average on IQ
tests before they
acclimated and ended up becoming one of
the wealthier subgroups in the United
States
black children spend significantly less
time on homework than any other race of
children Asian children spend
significantly more time on homework
makes a difference
Harvard's Roland fryer another black
scholar formalized a particular peer
effect acting white which potentially
contributes to the ongoing puzzle of
black underachievement his suggestion is
that you were socially ostracized if you
spend too much time studying as a young
black male the New York Times doesn't go
into any of that of course all they do
is they just they say young black men's
you worse than young white men that must
be to some greater racist issue
