read a bunch of letters from students
and I have a thousand more today I mean
I really I must have received at least
250 emails yesterday from students
around the country who are upset about
how they were treated yesterday during
these walk outs yet I was hearing from
tons of people yesterday this was going
to happen than it did that this turned
into a propaganda effort that this was
never about solidarity with the students
that if you said listen I am in favor of
gun rights and I also feel terrible for
what happened for the students that you
were treated like garbage the most
obvious example of this is clip 13 so
yesterday there was a clip that was
going around the internet pretty amazing
one of the students walked out of class
and did what I suggested right brought a
sign that was a pro Second Amendment
sign that also expressed sympathy for
the children who are killed and he was
escorted from the protest right he was
told he couldn't be at the protest and
they actually tried to push him into a
police car here's what it looked like
yesterday we go yeah we do Supreme Court
so he was told to levy as told he
couldn't stand with all of the students
because for some reason or other that
was just unacceptable now if you'd have
been holding a sign that said stop guns
now do you think that would have
happened to him the answer of course is
no the video is posted to Facebook by
Kenny McDonald's is a student at New
Prague High School in New Prague
Minnesota the short video does not show
it took place before after the principal
singled out the student here's what
McDonald's said he says kids at our
school today walked out in honor of the
17 students killed in Florida students
held signs that said arm our teachers
they had to signs a student walked out
without saying a word peacefully put up
a sign which said guns don't kill people
people kill people and he was escorted
off the property by our principal and
threatened to be put in a police car
this violates the First Amendment it
makes me sick that they can do whatever
they want please make this go viral so
it's not been verified that the student
story is the entire truth left to hear
from the school exactly what happened
but is there a question that if the
student had been holding a sign that
said gun control now that everything
would have been fine for him I have very
little doubt that's the case
