steel tariffs gun confiscation the world
is coming to an end Donald Trump is
gonna take away everything this is it
this is the pivot to the left it's all
over this is my working strategy with
regard to Donald Trump whenever Trump
says anything or does anything I get a
thousand text messages from my never
Trump conservative friends and from my
lefty friends ACC now are you going to
disavow him you have to discipline do it
do it do it my strategy with regard to
Donald Trump Keep Calm and Kofi fait
keep calm and khofifah that is it he
told us a week or two ago that he was
going to confiscate our guns and then
we'll have due process later because we
don't have time about 12 hours later he
sent out a tweet and he said respect the
Second Amendment now we have a gun bill
that he's pushing that does not even
raise the age to buy these guns it is
simply about arming people who were in
schools allowing people who were in
schools to carry guns to present these
awful shootings that we've seen works
for me
if I had freaked out the minute he said
he was gonna steal all my guns if I had
started ripping my hair out I would if I
did that every time he sent out a tweet
I would have a very miserable life but
because I wait a little bit because I
keep calm and co FFA it's very nice
everything in politics is going just
dandy much more conservative than we've
seen in decades that is fine we're
seeing this with the tariffs we were
told on these steel and aluminum tariffs
that Trump has been threatening for a
while and that now it appears that he's
instituting that this was going to cause
crazy trade wars the global economy is
going to plunge or allies our trading
partners are going to turn on us he's
already rolling back the tariffs and
good Trump observers knew this from the
beginning they predicted this they said
yeah yeah this isn't going to happen the
way that we're seeing it happen so what
does it look like we were told that the
US auto industry was gonna crash because
of these tariffs analysts on Wall Street
are already predicting you're already
seeing that this won't really hurt the
US auto industry the markets a little
bit confused on it still we're not going
to have a market apocalypse because of
this
