it's time to play reality versus the
news can you spot the difference
first here's reality North Korea has
agreed to discuss denuclearization with
President Trump the u.s. added a
whopping three hundred and thirteen
thousand new jobs in February and the
unemployment rate remained at a 17-year
low after 40 years the black-white labor
participation gap has virtually vanished
after Donald Trump moved to impose steel
and aluminum tariffs our European allies
are offering to negotiate and give us
better deals in order to avoid the
tariff tariffs so that's reality here's
the news 60 minutes is doing an
interview with a porn star who says she
had sex with Donald Trump this is very
important because no one would ever have
thought that a playboy billionaire with
three wives would have sex with a porn
star the New York Times a former
newspaper has not let this important
story slip by them no siree Bob Maureen
Dowd wrote an op-ed entitled the first
porn president marine having apparently
forgotten the last porn president whom
she voted for Charles blows op-ed is
entitled Melania knew it reads in part
dear America come on you can't be
serious the ongoing saga over a
president a porn star and a payoff is so
lewd and tawdry that it can't simply be
added to the ever-expanding list of
horribleness behaviors of a womanizing
misogynist America this is not about
partisanship this is about principle
each of us must proclaim that this
situation is over the line that women
matter that their voices and their
stories matter the propriety honor and
character mattered unfortunately most of
your America couldn't read the rest of
mr. blows fine article because they were
too busy going to their new jobs and
celebrating the fact that they weren't
going to die in a North Korean nuclear
holocaust but I'm sure whatever mr. blow
had to say was very important too now my
point is not that important things are
going on in the world while the media is
following its own fetid and obsessive
hatred of the president into a mental
cesspit of such trivial vulgarity that
their relationship with the porn star is
worse
anything Trump could have done with her
oh wait that is my point
yeah that's my whole point I'm done now
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show alright
the Clavin 'list weekend has ended Sir
Michael of Noel's is with us Michael was
knighted oh no he's be knighted I'm
sorry that's different he's with us to
answer the question is social media
really censoring conservatives meanwhile
do you remember when America's schools
would teach you about patriotism and
history and you'd say the Pledge of
Allegiance and maybe even say a prayer
of course you don't but I do
we used to walk six miles on the snow to
get there I didn't do that but anyway
American schools are not anything like
that anymore and we grew up knowing that
you know we grew up in safety we knew
that learning was was more than
propaganda and even though technology
continues to offer new opportunities for
learning I think we can all agree the
traditional moral values which once were
woven into the fabric of the classroom
have practically disappeared this is
true we all know this is true I mean
they're not teaching what they taught
taught us I was so I was so well taught
in American patriotism that I actually
was in seventh grade before I realized
that America that Washington cutting
down the cherry tree
didn't actually happen just a story but
this is why because things have changed
so much you should consider freedom
project academies fully accredited
judeo-christian classical online school
that covers kindergarten through high
school this is an incredible interactive
education where students attend live
classes every day with teachers and
fellow classmates from across the
country and of course you can be there
too FPA doesn't doesn't accept a penny
of government funding which allows them
to stay committed to teaching students
how to think not what to think families
can enroll students full-time where you
can start with a single class its entire
up to you here's what you should do go
to freedom for school.com freedom for
school.com and ask for a free
information paddock packet from freedom
project Academy enrollment ends in July
but classes fill up fast so go to
freedom for school dot-com and get their
free information packet freedom for
school calm and don't forget to tell
them that I sent you so they know that
people are listening to our sponsors and
they'll keep our show on the air
commercials I'm always telling people
how to expel Clavin there's no reason
Clavin que la ba I just have to say this
there's a review for my memoir the great
good thing on Amazon every now and again
I go on a check it's got over 400
reviews 5 star a 5 star average with
over 400 reviews if you haven't read the
great good thing I did is your
assignment there will be a test after
the show so you have to after the show
goes off the air the test for the great
good thing so you should read it but
here's the latest review I swear I swear
I took this right off the site I can't
say it better than the highest rated
five-star reviews already have it
deserves more stars I heard about this
book from Calvin's podcast ok a lvan the
it from Calvin's podcast the Andrew
kalian show ho que al Y a an also a 5
star production and it didn't disappoint
take it from a confused atheist on the
verge of coming to faith himself you
need to read this book but at least
there were no ease there know he's
Calvin & Galyen but there are no he's
alright
so I have to talk about the the
disparity between at this point Donald
Trump is kind of on a roll things are
going pretty well the tariff thing
obviously a lot of conservatives not
happy about it but so far it looks like
a kind of negotiating technique today he
revealed he he released his the White
House plan for guns and there was
nothing about confiscating weapons there
was some study group looking and maybe
raising the ed the age for guns but
basically it was making schools safer by
making school safer and letting people
training teachers to carry and all the
things that we think might actually help
so he's really he's really doing well
and obviously the press is just has
stooped from oh my gosh
Russia is running America - oh my gosh
Trump slept with a pornstar and again is
there anybody who didn't know that
Donald Trump was doing stuff like that I
mean even Melania
when Charles blow says Melania knew then
what businesses of yours if she knew if
they she knew what what difference does
it make anyway before but the one thing
I do want to say is there's still a lot
of people on the right who don't like
Donald Trump and have reservations about
him and one of the things about Trump is
you know Sebastian
Gorka who is a big Trump supporter and
very eloquent about it says he's got
great instincts he's got great instincts
and that is the thing about Trump he's
not a man of ideas and I keep saying
when people say he's playing chess I
always say no he's like a running back
he senses where the daylight isn't he
senses where to go that's why he
frequently opens his mouth and says
things and then has to take them back
because he's playing with interesting
and there is indeed a danger with going
after him and of instincts and not ideas
in that he can't you're essentially
following the man himself and that is
everything that a republic is not
supposed to be we're not supposed to
follow people we're supposed to follow
laws we're supposed to follow ideas that
is the way it's supposed to be obviously
we want good men in there to operate and
put those ideas into motion but when you
follow a guy at the Institute that's why
I asked the question the other week when
I asked you what would it take for you
to dump Donald Trump I mean apart I just
want to make sure that there was
something something that he could
violate some principle that he could
violate when I voted for Trump I voted
for his instincts because Hillary
Clinton is a person of ideas but her
ideas were so bad and so damaging and
she herself was so corrupt that I
thought this this could seriously after
eight years of Barack Obama's radical
left ISM this could seriously end the
American experiment we could wind up
like Europe and the thing you have to
understand about Europe is Europe is
dead and you don't want to wind up dead
one of the good things about being a
country one of the most important things
about being a country is don't be dead
that is I think we could say that's a
basic rule however however well while it
is true that I feel with Trump we have
to sort of trust him in ways that I'm
not that comfortable with myself to
think that we on the right are the first
people to follow a person instead of
ideas I just have to read you tooth
these are two things very brief here is
a a piece that was published on CNN site
from Julian Salai
our history and public affairs professor
at Princeton University this was once
one of the greatest universities in the
world right now here is a history
professor at Princeton University and he
edited a book called the presidency of
Barack Obama a first historical
assessment and he says this is what he
says that his historical assessment of
Obama is that Obama could never accept
about American politics how ugly
American politics had become he just
couldn't accept in many ways this always
had been the president's greatest
political weakness his confidence in our
democracy prevented him from doing more
to stand firm against the destructive
forces that were shaping our country
during two terms in office Obama's
election in 2008 was supposed to signify
that our country was finally moving in
the right direction a country born with
slavery had elected an African American
to be President as President Obama never
let go of this hope that was what made
him so endearing to millions of
Americans and shaped much of what he did
in the Oval Office
Obama had clearly articulated his
understanding of the nation when he came
into the spotlight during the Democratic
not he was just too good for this world
that was the problem with Barack Obama
he was just I mean can this guy hear
himself
can he hear himself this is the guy who
you know used the IRS to shut up his
opponents who used the Justice
Department to make sure that none of his
people got indicted for the obviously
illegal things they were doing including
Hillary Clinton I mean he was just too
good for this world this is the other
thing I remember not that long ago Jill
Abramson who had been the editor of The
New York Times saying the New York Times
plays it straight we're not on the Left
were not on the right and I just thought
does she not know I mean she's she's
dealing with the Democrat prophet does
she actually not know so here this is
our guy Joseph curl at the Daily wire
writes this he says in his last column
for The New York Times public editor
Arthur Brisbane said that liberalism
virtually bleeds through the fabric of
the times adding that reporters approach
some liberal issues such as gay marriage
and the Occupy movement more like causes
than new subjects but Jill Abramson then
The Times executive editor said not so
in our newsroom we are always conscious
that the way we view an issue in New
York is not necessarily the way it is if
you than the rest of the country or the
world
she said and of course says our guy you
know that's a crock the once-great paper
is heaven heavily skewed to the left
giving democrats a pass on everything
while hammering away at conservatives
and republicans that liberal bias and
the age of President Trump has prompted
some journalists as veteran reporter Bob
Woodward said to become emotionally
unhinged that includes Jill Abramson
this is what she says this is Jill
Abramson talking to the Guardian I'm
sorry writing in The Guardian it's easy
to look at what's happening in
Washington DC and despair that's why I
carry a little plastic Obama doll in my
purse
I pull him out every now and then to
remind myself that the United States had
a progressive african-american president
until very recently some people find
this strange but you have to take
comfort where you can find it in Donald
Trump's America now to be honest I carry
a Barack Obama doll too but I also have
some pin pins to stick in it so that's a
little different but the former
executive editor of the New York Times
is carrying around a little Barack Obama
comfort doll so she can get through with
that horrible things that are going on
one of the horrible things is the
Koreans have announced note that North
Korean leader Kim jong-un wants to sit
down with the president and discuss
denuclearizing the Korean Peninsula not
just North Korea but the whole peninsula
and Trump has said yes he'll do it so in
the first moment that this happened if
you want to see the media turn you can
watch a turn in real time it's just this
is actually amazing the first moment
even MSNBC is celebrating because they
had just been so sure so convinced that
Donald Trump was leading us all into
nuclear holocaust suddenly Erin Burnett
and the hold on CNN and the people on
MSNBC suddenly they're celebrating Bing
and of course opening the door to the
big question President Trump can truly
solve this problem that would be going
down as a great president and there's no
way around that that is the reality here
this is actually a moment that we very
few of us thought we'd ever see the
North Koreans agreeing to put
denuclearization on the table agreeing
to talks with the South Koreans inviting
the president united states that itas
agreeing to suspend their nuclear
missile tests while they're doing it in
exchange for what in exchange for
nothing but this is definitely a
initiative worth pursuing the
themselves while they go on will freeze
the program that is a major national
security this all came up just in the
last few hours that this was going to be
announced tonight now I think that's
what the president said just six days
ago or five days ago at that gridiron
dinner here in Washington where he said
he would be of course open to talks if
in fact North Korea committed to the
potential for denuclearization
abandoning its nuclear weapons program
and it seems like that's where we are so
how long how long do you think this
lasted we will find out in just one
minute which is about how long it lasted
but first we have to talk about why I
look so fabulous it really is impressive
isn't it I know that's what you think
it's hard it's hard to keep your mind on
the subject that I'm talking about
because you just think you look at that
guy how can I get a body like that well
you should try Beachbody on demand
because I exercise continuously I really
I really do even I'm sitting here I look
like I'm sitting still I'm actually
pedaling under the table Beachbody on
demand is an online fitness streaming
service that gives you unlimited access
to a wide variety of highly effective
world-class workouts personalized to
meet your needs Beachbody on demand also
include extensive nutritional content
all proven to help people achieve their
health and fitness goal it's the total
package to help you become the total
package this year Beachbody on demand is
it features all these brands some of
which I've tried piy oh I don't know how
they pronounce that one insanity I have
tried that it is insanity 21 day fix
also really tough there's a three week
yoga retreat I don't do that because
it's not manly but you may you know I
can't speak for you anyway this thing is
great it's on your computer and you can
take it wherever you go so you don't
you're never without your exercise
program and it's affordable you can try
this amazing program all 600 workouts
and nutritional information for free
plus your Anam annual subscription is
cheaper than a gym membership here's how
you give this service a try my listeners
can get a free trial membership when you
text Andrew to 300 300 300 text Andrew
two three oh three oh three oh you'll
get full access to the entire platform
for free all the workouts and nutrition
information free so test it out
text Andrew two three oh three oh three
oh one day if you work
really hard you may look like me and
then you can have the show and I'm going
home one moment for one moment the press
was ecstatic maybe we're not all gonna
die in a nuclear complication over
first of all Twitter went nuts twitter
twitter people on Twitter are going I
know it doesn't really matter what
people on Twitter says say because
there's always somebody who will say
something but people into it or were
saying how can you call Trump a great
president when Russia invaded our
election you know it's like 13 trolls on
Facebook spending less money than most
like people advertising exercise
machines and this is the worst thing
that happened but let's let's just go to
Chuck Todd on Meet the Press he's
talking to Andrea Mitchell where
suddenly there's absolutely no way this
can be a good thing how does any meeting
between Trump and Kim not turn into a
victory for the North Koreans it's hard
to imagine how Howard done first of all
they had a victory by setting the terms
and by having the meeting itself as you
were pointing out this is what Oh North
Korean leaders have wanted three
generations have wanted a meeting
legitimacy from an American president it
is not prepared there was no letter
despite so I do not yet know what he's
really offering and the Treasury
secretary with you repeated the the
phrase denuclearization our objective is
denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula
that is a trap the Korean Peninsula
means we eliminate our nuclear umbrella
from our allies what we want is for him
to give up his illegal weapon umbrella
for South Korea and Japan this just
shows you the lack of shall we say
competence or familiarity with these
details like Trump needs Andrea Mitchell
to explain to him which which side we
want to get rid of the nuclear weapons
on like like let's go thanks Andrea I
didn't think of that you want to see you
want to see hypocrisy in action we have
to travel let's travel to knucklehead
robes or the op-ed page in The New York
Times
so so Nick Kristof a steady member of a
card-carrying member of knucklehead row
here he is last year talking about how
Trump this behavior is leading us to
nuclear disaster in North Korea this is
cut number three I went to North Korea
not feeling particularly optimistic I
came back really feeling that we are not
going to be able to to stop them that
talks meaningful talks some kind of a
deal is not possible and that we are the
nobody really wants a war but we could
well have won because of mismanagement
well Joe I think that he is trying to
intimidate the North Koreans and aims to
to get them to pull back I don't think
that's gonna happen and in fact I think
it's counterproductive this is their
turf of these kind of threats and it
does play into their narrative this
gives them legitimacy to pursue the kind
of nuclear policies that they are
pursuing and puts us all on the edge of
a cataclysm christophe keeps pushing
talks we've got to have talks we've got
a lot of talks they announce they're
gonna have talks here is Nick Kristof
after the announcement I think frankly
it's a dangerous gamble and a bad idea
and in some ways I can't believe I'm
saying that because for years I've been
arguing that we need to have direct
talks between the u.s. and North Korea
but direct talks are one thing and we
need to have those negotiations but any
summit should be carefully preceded by
by going through what the deliverables
are and this is essentially a gift to
North Korea North Korea craves the
recognition it wants to be seen with its
leader standing side by side with an
American president and it's fine to have
that as the outcome of a long process
where we get what we want but to give
that away without getting anything back
at the beginning I think is a mistake
just on general principles if you get
everything wrong up to an event after
the event should you just start to
listen instead of talking no I have to
say I Siri
I wonder now whether the New York Times
has issued actual marching orders
telling people that they are not allowed
to say anything nice about Donald Trump
I've seriously begun to wonder Ross do
thought Brett Stevens they have lost
their mind
I mean Brett Stevens goes over there
ain't conservative you know with
something that kind of liberal
conservative I guess you'd call him and
suddenly wants to repeal the Second
Amendment Ross Douthat who's a really
smart guy has suddenly lost his way you
know you've gone nuts
when the only person talking sense on
your side is Bill Maher here's Bill
Maher's perfectly sensible reaction to
the announcement a little boy it looks
like Trump is gonna travel to North
Korea in May and of course the reason is
a hundred reasons why this is dangerous
we're talking about after all a family
that has reneged on every deal they ever
signed and Kim jong-un can't be trusted
either
watching all the cable news last night
into all these liberals who are
reflexively hating on this a Obama
remember him proposed the exact same
thing in 2008 and they loved it and B
you know you you don't live on the west
coast where a new can get here faster
than an uber from North Korea no
president has ever done this yeah and
they all failed so I'm gonna file this
one under so crazy it just might work
all think first of all he's the he's the
only comedian left on TV he's still
telling jokes he's attacking Trump at
least he's pretty funny fat man and
little boy that was a funny one so Chuck
that Chuck so so now Trump is in West
this is the way they're talking about
him they can't they cannot let anything
good happen under this guy I mean jobs
the job creation of February was huge
while the wages aren't going up as fast
as they should you know the the this
this thing about the black and white
partition participation in the job
market it has not been level since the
70s since yeah for forty years it's for
forty years and now blacks are finally
coming back into the job market in such
force that they are evening out with
whites and participation there's still
disparities still economic disparities
but still this is good news you know
that a porn star really really is that
even news at all you know they always
used to talk about this the way they
would excuse these sex stories is they
would say it's the character issue it's
the character issue because they wanted
to make it sound serious when they were
just being salacious and trying to get
viewers with sex
we know Trump's character we know why he
was he was a billionaire playboy who ran
beauty contests and slept with
everything that he could get anywhere
near so what so we know it already it's
just not new information it's not really
a story so if Trump goes to West West
Pennsylvania to push the special
congressional election there which could
be close which would be very bad very
bad sign and he starts going after the
press and he goes after Chuck Todd has
cut number seven
ever see the story where I'm it's 1999
I'm on Meet the Press a show now headed
by sleepy eyes Chuck Todd he's a
sleeping son of it good job as a
personal attack but his point was that
he's been talking about North Korea all
this time
yeah so now Chuck Todd goes on with
Steve minuchin right he has my new
Trianon and he can't he's so you can see
it on his face
he's so furious about this that he can't
stick to these something the only thing
he wants to talk about is Trump
attacking him many people including
myself raised their kids to respect the
office of the presidency and the
president United States when he uses
vulgarity to talk about individuals what
are they supposed to tell their kids
again I'll be with my kids this morning
and I'll be focused on them on what the
president is doing to protect to the
United States its citizens and more
importantly morale don't worry about his
values don't worry I've never said that
whatsoever so I don't know why you're
putting these words in in what I'm
trying to say okay
so again I am very comfortable with what
we're doing okay and again I think
you're trying to take this out of
perspective and implying something I'm
not saying Oh fair enough that what do
you what are you supposed to say when
he's using these vulgarities to kids
again I think you should be focused on
what the policies are he's using those
vulgarities in the context of a campaign
rally so what what what does Trump
supposed to tell his kids when Chuck
Todd literally can't imagine how a
negotiation between the u.s. and North
Korea could could ever result in
anything good I mean they just you know
what they're like they're like little
kids who hit their big brothers and
their big brother finally turns around
and smack someone and they're like you
can't do that you hit me yeah it's like
the idea is that you're supposed to be
able to attack Republic you know there I
started this this show by saying they're
serious issues about Trump that we
should really be talking about none of
them have to do with porn stars there
are serious questions about what whether
he has principles whether he's going to
stick to the things that
we think are right for the country how
good are his instincts and when we
should pull away from his in see all
kinds of questions I'd be willing to
debate talk about think about aa point
star do not care do not care sorry I
hope you had a good time alright
tomorrow it's the conversation is back
and this time Ben it's Ben Shapiro yeah
it's conversation - this time it's
Shapiro
it's 5:30 p.m. Eastern 2:30 p.m. Pacific
you subscribe today and you can be part
of this hour-long live Q&A we can ask
Ben questions about everything you ever
wanted to know and even he may even know
the answers to some of them you asked
about politics culture comic books
anything you want he will answer Ben's
conversation will stream live on the Ben
Shapiro Facebook page and the daily wire
YouTube channel and it's free anyone can
watch it but only subscribers can ask
the questions it's allows you ten bucks
to subscribe each month or just
subscribe for the whole year it's a
hundred bucks and you get the leftist
tears mug and I'm telling you watch it
while Ben is talking the leftist Jews
mug magically fills up with tumblr it's
a not a mug it's a tumbler I'm sorry
myself whatever it is it fills up with
leftist years which will cure your
eczema and other diseases ask questions
as a subscriber to what to do that you
log in to our website daily wire.com
head over to the conversation page and
watch the live stream and after that you
just start typing into the daily wired
chat box where ben won't answer
questions as they're posted and we asked
in the mellifluous tone of alicia Kraus
once again subscribe to get your
questions answered by ben shapiro
tomorrow march 13th at 5:30 p.m. Eastern
2:30 p.m. Pacific join the conversation
Sir Michael of Noel's is coming up to
talk about censorship on social media I
gotta say goodbye to Facebook and
YouTube come on over to the Daily wire
comm you can listen or or subscribe you
can watch the whole thing right on the
site and then join the conversation
tomorrow
all right we've got my oh there you are
you up for a minute I had a picture of
Steve minuchin there and I thought they
were you've turned into a strange
pasty-faced zombie I don't know what so
here's the thing I wanted to ask you
about this because you know
conservatives do have a tendency to get
a little in there you know they get a
little in their own space they're
talking to themselves and they start to
think there are conspiracies someone
pointed out to me the other day that if
you google the image for white couples
you get mixed-race couples you had a
white person a black person together
whereas if you google Asian couples you
get it Asian people but it's very
possible that that happens because it
will also turn up the same thing for
black and white couples so in other
words the algorithm here's black and
white couples and just gives you the
last two words white couples so it's
possible that's actually not intentional
so I wanted you to look into whether or
not we are being censored on social
media what did you find
well I'll tell you what couldn't be
coincidental is that when you search for
conservative news on Google you get
mixed search results you get some real
news and you get some fake news too yeah
so just on this one point if you search
for The Daily wire say yeah you will
immediately get left-wing so-called
fact-checking websites which aren't fed
they're just opinion columns but they
call them fact-checking now because
we've gone fully Orwellian and when you
search for conservatives you'll get
those left-wing opinion columns but when
you search for left-wing news and
left-wing outlets you don't you get the
left-wing outlet now if you search for
huffington post you get the huffington
post if you search for The Daily wire
you get PolitiFact or some of the other
left-wing fact-checkers right yeah
because they are left-wing that's right
I mean that that is no coincidence that
was a particular decision by Google I
will say though sometimes we go to four
it's easy to say all of social media are
stacked against us all of these tech
giant's are trying to kill us we should
be precise in what we're saying because
that isn't quite right the situation is
terrible but that isn't quite right
there was this excellent piece in Wired
magazine that came out a few days ago
and it's on Facebook's evolution and how
they got to this new algorithm
which is killing publishers it is one of
the first instances of journalism I've
seen in a very long time yeah this piece
it was great it was very good piece and
it traces that evolution what we've what
we can see from Facebook is that they're
killing all publishers but not just
conservatives even though conservatives
bear the brunt of it what I mean by that
is Facebook has an open platform for a
while when it was first started it was
basically an open platform an effort to
kill Twitter Facebook decided to start
serving more news into news feed
that's when you got fewer cat pictures
and fewer pictures of your nephew or
whatever right and you started getting
news then all hell broke loose when a
contract employee of Facebook took some
screenshots of emails that went out to
the team I will assure you at Facebook
offices there's a lot of left-wing
propaganda on the walls you'll see
things all about how important it is to
say black lives matter how it's awful to
say that all lives matter
a lot of you know rainbow flags and
transgenderism is great and you know it
is fully left-wing in that environment
so this contract employee starts taking
a couple screenshots he leaks them to
Gizmodo not thinking that maybe the
largest tech giant on the face of the
earth can find your gchat they say hey
did you leak to Gizmodo he says what
what who's Gizmodo because mono who it
says we have all of your information I'm
dumb your Facebook so they fire him
and now all of a sudden this starts to
leak so gives me Gizmodo runs a piece on
this you know there's a lot of
information now that Facebook is
selecting news stories in trending news
this came up in 2016 it's selecting news
stories for to benefit Hillary Clinton
to benefit left wing to hurt
conservatives all of this leaks as
Zuckerberg freaks out he invites a ton
of conservatives to a meeting at
Facebook so you remember that big
meeting with Glenn Beck was there yeah
the guns very impressed but equally he
was very impressed that's true and but
Facebook because they're pretty crafty
they invited a bunch of conservatives
intentionally who would all fight with
each other as conservative you get to
choose in a room there
exactly yeah so they do this nothing
really comes to that meeting as you
recall Glenn Beck was impressed with him
other people said it was a farce
nothing happened they continued to
select against conservatives then
Murdoch threatened a Rupert Murdoch head
of News Corporation threatened
zuckerberg and said publishers weren't
making enough money all the meanwhile
publishers are slowly putting all of
their ad revenue through Facebook
Facebook created a mechanism called
instant articles whereby they started
hosting all of the ad revenue for these
publishers so now they've got them on
the hook all of a sudden Facebook it
doesn't want to be seen as anti
conservative so they hire some
journalists to clean it up of course
they hire Snopes of course they hire CNN
employees this is the thing that kills
me I mean Jill Abramson we were talking
about the fact that you were walking
around with a Barack Obama doll on her
first but she thinks the New York Times
is a straight arrow at publication I
mean do they not know in fairness I walk
around with a Barack Obama doll it's a
little voodoo doll I beat you to that
joke do they not know that these Snopes
is a left-wing sight it is hard for me
to imagine that they don't know but it
is a bubble I mean yes clearly I know
that Mark Zuckerberg reads the news
because all the news goes through his
website but it is quite a bubble maybe
Mark Zuckerberg is prey to that as well
they certainly don't have any respect
for right-wing views right we know I'm
having Austin Peterson on the show he's
a candidate for Senate in Missouri as a
libertarian
he gave a gun away as part of a
fundraiser on his Facebook page and
Facebook shut him down there was on
Facebook shut up yeah and we know that
the CEO of Facebook Sheryl Sandberg has
donated the maximum amount to the
Democrat incumbent in that Senate race
so that we know that what the political
atmosphere is like there that said these
algorithm changes I think are not
intentionally aimed at conservatives I
think they just take them out for a
couple reasons one the Russians through
that media group spent about a hundred
thousand dollars on the election to buy
Facebook ads to cause some chaos that is
not a lot of money there were reports
that they spent millions
didn't happen they spent $100,000 media
companies spend that in a second I mean
that is not a lot we know that some
organic websites for instance right-wing
news was able to get to reach just as
many people as the Russians did in a
year they reached them in a week now
Facebook is clamping down shutting down
all of these things and only referring
to trustworthy news sources this is the
way that they're killing conservatives
is that Facebook created the new media
the the old traditional media had a
monopoly on news for 50 years and over
50 years in this country
new media broke through all of a sudden
conservatives have a voice facebook
allowed that to happen
now Facebook is killing it again to
privilege the New York Times and those
traditional sources so in other words
you put when you privilege the
traditional sources which used to be
Center left during the kind of great
consensus in the 50s and 60s you when
you privilege those you're now
privileges that no longer are because
that is the whole thing about leftism
and eats things out from the inside but
continues to portray them as if they
were the same place so the New York
Times continues to pretend to be a
center-left thing but it's actually now
a leftist newspaper which it is it's
just a totally I mean if you read the
headlines today it was it was hilarious
what they were reporting on and even
even telling you they were telling you
the Trump was gonna fail in North Korea
that they were ran deal was very
important to you know it's just total
leftism so when you privilege mainstream
media you're privileged in the left
that's exactly right now and and so in
this way depending on how you look at it
Facebook is either fairer because some
left-wing fringy what companies have
also gone out of business so they're you
know the the left-wing kind of new media
companies and the right-wing new media
companies are getting hurt almost eat
not really equally but it's a loop
there's a little more fairness but you
might say it's more insidious because by
reverting to that old system you are
privileged in the New York Times the
most ridiculous click baiting web site
on the Internet other tech companies are
less crafty about it they are just
targeting conservatives Twitter admitted
to targeting conservatives yeah they
admitted on video to James O'Keefe that
their shadow banning conservative so
conservatives are not just banned they
don't even know that they've been banned
they just find that people are
interacting less
with their with their profiles we know
that YouTube is explicitly censoring
conservatives they censored Prager
famously on here are just a few videos
that youtube has demonetised from Dennis
Prager why America must lead
why did America fight the Korean War you
know that controversial you have a very
controversial at the mural or just pure
racism and racism the world's most
persecuted minority Christians who were
being slaughtered in the Middle East and
this is this is one they felt was just
not it was just not safe it's just too
extreme the ten commandments do not
murder so wait so they're not taking
them down they're just making it
impossible for them to make money to
earn a living not just that they are
making it impossible for them to earn a
living to try to drive them out of
business
there were also restricting where they
can be seen so Prager University which
does five-minute videos that on pretty
normal topics like the Korean War and
ten commandments now cannot be viewed
from high schools Wow universities yeah
on certain videos so that that is pretty
brutal censorship and then obviously the
left-wing is not being demonetised so
John Oliver who is a foreigner
interfering in our elections bridge so
you always want to get us back they've
been doing it for centuries his videos
where he rants about conservatives
constantly those haven't been
demonetized
Plus YouTube partnered with the Southern
Poverty Law Center which calls anybody
to the right of Hillary Clinton there
Eric a terrorist so they are these a
hate group yeah no there's no question
about it so is there anything
conservatives can do to fight back I
wish I had some better news for you you
know frankly these people have a
monopoly on information and I'm not
suggesting that we can break them up as
a monopoly because you'd have to show
harm to the consumer you'd have to show
who the consumer really is it there is
going to be a lot of legal work that has
to happen to figure out how to deal with
these new media companies they're so
disruptive the one thing we can do
though and the one place where they
should be regulated is that Facebook is
the largest publisher in the history of
the world there's so the reason that
Facebook has tried so desperately to
both not target conservatives explicitly
and certainly not to appear that they're
targeting conservatives is that they
want to remain a technology company and
not a publisher doesn't matter they had
the largest publisher history of the
world and they're not regulated at all
as a publisher that has to change that's
one way to fight back you can try to
start your on Twitter you can try to
start your own YouTube there will be a
ghettoizing effect because the whole way
these networks work is that everybody is
there that's all of their value is that
gonna work for conservatives there's a
company called Gaby that has tried to
become the conservative Twitter has it
really worked thus far I think probably
the stronger way to do this is not to
try to target these people with
regulation but to apply regulations
fairly or even close to fairly to these
major companies and you might see a
leveling out and some of a decrease in
the capriciousness that that is going on
at Facebook and YouTube ads really
interesting in your argument about the
mainstream you know trusting in the
mainstream media because they've been
around for a long time it really is
basically like it's it's 17:70 and the
broad sides are going back and forth and
will only trust stuff that comes from
the crown because that's right you can
always trust the crown for my money this
is really the most insidious strategy
yeah if Twitter and Google were smarter
they would be taking this up because
it's so defensible for people to say ah
well they're just going to those the
trusted news sources and they're able to
achieve exactly the same result much
more effectively
Michael Mol's the Michael Knoll show
coming up with Austin who was coming up
Austin Peterson a libertarian candidate
who for president and now a Republican
candidate in Missouri and we're gonna
talk about exactly this problem his
experience of it and and what he thinks
of 2018 elections cool really
interesting oh thanks a lot
all right and with a natural segue we go
right from Michael nose to our crappy
culture
why are you always so mean to Michael
knows it's because because he and I are
New Yorkers if I was nice to him he
would get confused so here's something
that happened over the weekend that I
just find really disturbing
Lauren southern who we had on the show a
Canadian YouTube conservative Knowles
just had her on a couple of days ago was
banned from entering the UK under a law
banning terrorists she was coming from
South Africa where she had been
documenting attacks on whites by blacks
in South Africa and she was called in by
the police as she tried to get into
Britain and questioned and they asked
her about her Christian beliefs and they
asked her about how she felt about
driving over Muslims with cars when does
that happen what what part what part of
the gospel is that in so and then they
banned her and they banned her and they
meant to other people who identify more
as identitarian x' which is basically a
new word for white supremacist as I
believe white nationalist not white
supremacist white nationalist now III
liked Lauren when I talked to her I
asked her several times to disavow
racism and I didn't in ways that I kind
of found disturbing I don't agree with
where she's going on some of this I I
don't think she isn't identitarian which
I thoroughly disagree listen racism I've
said this before but let me just
reiterate it it's again it's literally
against my collection it's literally
banned in my opinion by anybody who
follows the God of the Bible whether the
Old Testament or New Testament which
tells you that all people are made in
God's image to love and in in loving God
you also have to love your neighbor and
it doesn't say which neighbor it just
it's your neighbor so obviously not
making racial divisions they're the
people who the people who write to me
about this are clowns as far as I'm
concerned
who who talk to me about genetics if you
have a PhD in genetics I will listen to
your stupid genetic theory but the fact
is even geneticists do not know very
much about this and it wouldn't matter
to me a damn if it doesn't I believe
that people are made in the image of
gods right I disagree with this entire
thing but but I had Lauren on the show I
didn't debate her I just let her say
what she had to say I you know I always
challenge people I try to ask
challenging questions
I don't debate I'm not a big debating
guy
I don't like conversations where the
purpose is to win I like conversations
is where the purpose is to learn stuff I
don't need to win you know I've got the
best wife in the world love my kids love
my job have plenty of money and when I
die I'm going to heaven I've already won
conversation I just want to hear what
people have to say
but this censorship and this is coming
in a country Britain where they've just
found a they've been investigating
another one of these situations in
Telford where Muslims were grooming
children for sex you know they were
running basically sex slaves as many as
a thousand victims over three decades
some of them only 11 years old and the
cops didn't want to do anything about it
because they didn't want to be accused
of racism so they can't let Lauren in to
talk about her views on this which are
shaped her their nuanced I mean she's
young she's she's learning stuff when
she was on with Knowles she was a little
bit more direct about rejecting racism
but you know they couldn't let her come
in I can let her come in disagree with
her I can let her say anything she wants
why do they and by the way just so you
know this is not a UK problem this is
happening here too you know in October
Democrat senators Mark Warner and a be
kobish are with John McCain who is the
worst on First Amendment stuff they
introduced the honest ads act this is
talking continuing on from what Knowles
was talking about a bill that would
impose I'm reading this from the Wall
Street Journal the bill would impose new
disclaimer and reporting requirements on
internet platforms that run paid
advertising from Facebook and Twitter to
the online news sites of major
newspapers and magazines or the Drudge
Report the disclosure requirements which
essentially require digital platforms to
publish the name of any Americans
seeking to discuss political subjects
through paid ads which is a chilling
standard this is their reaction to this
hundred thousand bucks that the Russians
you know spent in on Facebook this is
their panicked reaction to this from
life set we have the story Florida's
Republican Governor Rick Scott signed an
education bill on Sunday with the
provision that eliminates free speech
zones since who protects students First
Amendment rights because it's ridiculous
the First Amendment doesn't need a zone
it is operates everywhere in the country
but a full bill protecting
this did not make it out of committee so
here here is what I want to say if you
have to censor speech we don't have to
censor speech on the show I can have a
Nazi I can have a communist on the show
he can say whatever he wants I know it's
gonna be alright why because my ideas
are better than his I know that my ideas
are better than his or her and I'm gonna
win that argument by the time you finish
listening to what he has to say fully
and listening to what I have to say I
know I will win why because I believe
that all people are children of God
because I believe they're all made in
God's image I can't lose that argument I
cannot lose that argument why are they
losing the argument in Britain because
of identity politics why are they losing
it on college campuses because of
identity politics if you believe in
identity politics you are a racist and
if you are a racist
you can't win an argument against other
racists if you say black lives matter
and somebody comes in and says white
lives matter if you say black black
should be given you know the best jobs
and somebody comes and said why should
be given the best jobs you have no
argument you have lost the argument
because you have given away the basic
tenets the basic principle that made
racism untenable in the West we fought
the civil war because we believe that
all men were created equal we believed
that all men were created equal because
we were shaped and formed by biblical
logic that's how that happened
it didn't happen outside of history it
happened in history that's how those
ideas developed once you give away those
basic ideas of equality of true equality
equality before God not equality of
income not equality of achievement just
equality before God and the law once you
give away those you have got no argument
and you've got to start shutting people
down so once you abandon the first
principle that we are all created equal
not better not worse once you've been in
the first principle all the other
principles fall like dominoes and that's
why identity politics equals racism
racism equals censorship because racism
is just about power right it's just
about power it's who wins so I was alive
when black people were banned from using
certain public facilities I had no idea
how as a parent you would explain that
to your child oh you can't go
to that bathroom because your skin is
brown you can't have this because your
skin I don't know how you explain that
that was an evil the way to correct that
is to stop doing it you just stop doing
it
you don't then create safe spaces for
blacks you don't then create bathrooms
that whites can't come into her classes
the white scum can't come into when you
take when you bite the evil Apple you
just become evil and now you got to shut
people up because they're going to
expose you for the evil that you are
that's what's happening in the UK and
it's what's happening on college
campuses identity politics is racism
racism requires censorship because it
has no argument against itself tomorrow
we have Christian total one to talk
about the movies and the culture
excellent I'm Andrew Clavin this is the
Andrew Clavin show be there then the
Andrew Clavin show is produced by Robert
Sterling executive producer Jeremy
boring senior producer Jonathan hey our
supervising producer is Mathis Glover
technical producer Austin Stevens edited
by Alex zingaro audio is mixed by Mike
Carmina hair and makeup is by Jesuit
Vera and our animations are by Cynthia
Angulo and Jacob Jackson the Andrew
Clavin show is a daily wire for word
publishing production copyright for word
publishing 2018
