first of all happy International Women's
Day to all of my favorites that's nikki
Haley that is Condoleezza Rice and that
is Margaret Thatcher long may her name
be celebrating it that is golda meir
that is susan b anthony that's Harriet
Tubman the gun packing Underground
Railroad head yeah lots of lots of great
women to celebrate today I was I was
mildly put off Eve Peyser who writes for
I believe salon calm she tweeted out men
please don't be annoying today I'm
begging you
well I mean that's like a red flag in
front of a bull for me I mean come on
first of all let me just note about
International Women's Day gender is a
social construct we have been told okay
so I don't know why yeah look why is it
why is it that International Women's Day
are we celebrating biological women or
are we celebrating gendered women
so does Caitlyn Jenner get to celebrate
International Women's Day or is Caitlyn
Jenner a man and if Caitlyn Jenner gets
to celebrate International Women's Day
then why can't any other biological man
celebrate International Women's Day by
being a woman and then none of these
answers are easy and coming because if
you think gender is a social construct
it makes the feminist movement very
difficult to take but you know I'm sorry
to be annoying I am a man but for the
purposes of this segment let's just say
that I'm a woman and therefore I can
comment on International Women's Day
again I'm perfectly fine with
International Women's Day it's fine I
don't care whatever you know good let's
celebrate women my mom well we'll
celebrate my mom my mom who worked all
through my childhood my dad stayed at
home and took care of the kids we'll
celebrate my wife who rumor has it is a
doctor well celebrate all of the women
who are working and all the women who
are staying at home we'll see that any
of the women who are pushing
International Women's Day are
celebrating stay-at-home moms who are
home taking care of their children and
ensuring that the next generation of
Americans are better than the last
generation of Americans so a happy
International Women's Day to everyone
with that proviso again remember gender
is a social construct
