the South African Parliament voted last
week to steal white farmers land on the
basis of race and redistribute it to
black South Africans the motion was
brought by the radical left economic
freedom fighters party whose leader
Julius Malema has called for South
Africans to quote cut the throat of
whiteness the land theft was supported
by the late Nelson Mandela's own African
National Congress party though
presumably it wouldn't have been by
Nelson Mandela himself leaving
International on lookers to wonder if
South Africa has just destroyed itself
we will discuss with Lawren southern who
has spoken to these very South African
farmers in her new documentary farm
lands then speaking of colonial revolts
the Boston Massacre on this day in
history
I'm Michael Knowles and this is the
Michael Knowles show
I'm not gonna talk about the Oscars
today I am NOT going to talk about you
can try your best I'm not gonna do it
Andrew Clavin as you may know had told
me that I had to watch the Oscars this
weekend in his stead while he sipped a
martini that was tempered with olive
juice and my tears and he really enjoyed
that I talked about the Oscars a little
bit on his show and also on Fox News
this morning and when you do a hit on a
morning show on the East Coast when you
do it from the West Coast you have to
wake up very early you have to be there
at like 2:00 a.m. or something like that
so when I did that we talked about the
Oscars at Fox and then I came right back
to my apartment and do you know what I
did I jumped right into my cozy bowl and
branch sheets and it was so wonderful it
made it all worthwhile
watching the Oscars listening to Jimmy
Kimmel stupid tedious tired jokes if you
could even call them jokes watching the
whining and the screeching and the the
random lapel pins they even know what
lapel pin to wear anymore then they gave
a trophy to a famously accused rapist
so you know their lows a lot to what but
I got into my bowling branch sheets baby
and that made it all worthwhile Bowl and
branch is a wonderful sponsor because
they help keep the lights on and me as
they make a wonderful product we are
never going to agree on any everything
but I think we can agree that we can all
use more sleep I you know last night I
only got about 15 hours of sleep that is
much below my usual required 18 hours to
keep looking fresh in cough FA getting a
great night's sleep is easier and more
affordable than you think you don't need
a new expensive mattress or sleeping
pills you just need to change your
sheets and that's why you should check
out bowl and branch now look I've moved
around a lot
since I live in grew up in New York I
went to school Connecticut I moved out
here to LA I always get new bedding I
was just buy the cheapest whatever you
know sandpaper that they sell at the
dollar store I didn't realize how nice
sheets can be luxury sheets though can
cost up to a thousand dollars I'm now
realizing this is I register for wedding
gifts some luxury bedding can cost a
thousand dollars even more in the store
but Boleyn branch sheets are only a
couple of hundred bucks
everything Boleyn branch makes from
bedding to blankets is made from 100%
pure organic cotton which means they
start out supersoft and they get even
softer over time the way
that they can have that huge discount is
you buy directly from them so you're
essentially paying wholesale prices you
don't have to go into the fancy store
that's you got to drive to that or
anything you get a ride from them
everyone who tries Boleyn branch sheets
that loves them that's why they have
thousands of five-star reviews and
Forbes The Wall Street Journal and Fast
Company are all talking about Boleyn
branch even three u.s. presidents sleep
on Boleyn branch sheets I'm not going to
tell you which ones three US presidents
and one best-selling author of a book
without any words in it I took that you
could probably guess who the last one is
but three u.s. presidents sleep on their
sheets and you should too
shipping is free and you can try them
for 30 nights so there's no reason not
to try it listen for me I told you they
don't pay me here obviously to come in
so all I get are the freebies sometimes
so look 30 days of sheets that that's
pretty good man that's a bad as good as
it gets you'd be a fool not to try it if
you don't love them you can send them
back for a refund you're not gonna want
to send them back I tell you that there
is no risk and no reason not to give it
a try to get started right now don't say
I never did anything for you on this day
where I'm slaving away I gotta watch the
Oscars I got to wake up early I'm giving
you a gift $50 off your first set of
sheets at bowl and branch calm promo
code Michael mi CH AE l that's not how
they spell it you know it like coffee
shops when you ask for your coffee that
is the correct way to spell it mi CH AE
L go to Boland branch calm today for $50
off your first set of sheets that is B
OLM and branch calm promo code michael
mi CH AE l all right let's get right
into this a lot of craziness is going on
in South Africa oh you haven't heard of
it you haven't heard of what's going oh
I'm not that surprised this probably is
the media don't cover this stuff at all
because and they'd much rather cover a
Donald Trump's tabloid thing from the
90s the South African Parliament voted
last week to steal all of the white
forum formers land and guess how the
economy reacted to that did not react
very well banks are shocked by the move
it's going to cause serious panic the
agricultural industry obviously is
faltering international investors are
now terrified of what will happen it's
deja vu all over again on that continent
we have seen this happen before we've
saw it happened in Zimbabwe not that
long ago in 2004 some historical
this'n Bob Wian government proposed
giving itself the constitutional power
to steal land from white farmers without
compensation when that move failed the
pro Mugabe Zimbabwe National Liberation
war Veterans Association marched on
white owned farmland by 2002 this roving
gang had killed the white farm owners on
at least seven occasions according to
Human Rights Watch and surprise surprise
millions of black farmers were excluded
from the redistribution it's almost like
when you start subverting the law and
having strongmen go in and steal
people's property it the poor people
won't benefit from that people that is
ostensibly intended to help will not
benefit it hurt the people that this was
intended to help dramatically more on
that later the dictator of Zimbabwe
Robert Mugabe had given himself 15 farms
by the end of all of this Mugabe x'
deputy number-two simon Mazembe gave
himself 13 farms cabinet ministers held
160 farms parliamentarians held 150
farms and the 2,500 War veterans who had
marched on all these farms gio many
farms they received they received two
farms 150 hundred sixty danwon to 4,500
landless peasant Africans black Africans
received just three farms the whole
process displaced 200,000 black farm
workers left them homeless and without
any means of supporting themselves farm
production you'll be shocked to hear
fell massively it fell by over
two-thirds in just five years these once
bustling farms Zimbabwe is called the
breadbasket of southern Africa bustling
forums ended up with a starving
population tobacco Zimbabwe main
agricultural export collapsed as results
in bob ways government was put on a
credit freeze which led to a major trade
deficit the economy collapsed
hyperinflation took hold you might
remember this from a few years ago it
rendered sabab we and banknotes
worthless you could get bills for like a
trillion dollars or something I think
you still find them on eBay people would
the Zimbabwean would put the bills in
their hair or on their hats or so I just
didn't mean anything they'd burn them
hyperinflation hits seventy nine point
six billion percent billion with a B by
November of 2008 and by 2015 sim Bob way
totally switched to the US dollar as its
they because its own currency wasn't
worth the paper it was printed on last
November Zimbabwe finally learned it's
lesson and sacked Robert Mugabe took
them a while but they did it now just a
Zimbabwe learns its lesson South Africa
wants to copy that devastated country in
2017 just last year Julius Malema the
head of this party in South Africa the
leader behind this land grab
he said we love Uncle Bob Mugabe to help
us make sense of all of this madness of
what has happened to Nelson Mandela's
country of reconciliation and prosperity
and the light of hope in Africa to make
sense of what happened from that country
to this present madness we bring on
lauren southern who has a new
documentary she's just made about what's
going on with the farmlands of south
africa here's just a clip from her
footage I'm seeing special formulas you
don't get used to it the torture that we
find have been done all these formulas
are unbelievable we found pieces of
nails being pulled out we found hands
being removed from bodies we found
people write brutally murdered babies
children the form is trying to protect
their families and and it's just no
stopping the the four murders are brutal
Lina and I went to this format is seen
in the northwest and we came upon this
beautiful white house and every way you
looked was blood splatter since from
from we walked in there was blood
against the curtains the walls the
paintings the floor and you could see we
two babies were murdered in the bathroom
so they were they were definitely
attacked while giving the babies a boss
one of them actually survived and
crawled all the way from the bathroom it
was about two years old crawled all the
way from the bathroom to their main
bedroom where the mum was murdered that
is some pretty haunting footage and I
you know I think maybe for people in my
generation people who don't remember
Nelson Mandela and they don't realize
shocking this is a Nelson Mandela
famously the head of the African
National Congress which now has
apparently supported this land grab he
was jailed for decades for opposing
apartheid he was this martyr a figure of
apartheid he was criticized by people on
the right for being a communist
terrorist as people on the right called
him and he was criticized from the left
for being to a conciliatory for wanting
too much reconciliation in his in his
quest to unite said Africa but he did
during his lifetime unite South Africa
was really considered to be the hope of
that continent and a real path forward
out of colonization and and that's over
now that that is clearly over now his
own party has turned on that spirit of
reconciliation and you you don't see
these reported in the news very much you
don't hear about the murders of the on
these South African forms you don't hear
about this land grab yet I wonder why
that is that is a little strange
we will get Lauren on to talk about this
but before we do that I have we've got
it you know what I want to do is go from
really just horrible disturbing things
in the show today to like nice things
so before we do that before we get them
to with Lauren I I do want to talk about
blue apron a wonderful service that also
keeps the lights on in this place and
that I have been using quite a lot we're
talking about bread baskets blue apron
is a good place to start with that is
the leading it's the leading male me you
know if you can't if you can't laugh
you're gonna cry so you got to just
laugh about some of these things blue
apron is the leading meal kit delivery
service in the United States well many
people know what we do many don't know
about the types of meals you eat when
you cook with blue apron
you're not just having burgers for
dinner every night I would never do that
with throw plates at the wall I'd go cry
to lose it you're making short rib
burgers with a hoppy cheddar sauce on a
pretzel bun you're preparing seared
steaks and thyme pan sauce with mashed
potatoes green beans and crispy shallots
all in under 45 minutes takes me a few
hours but for most people who are
competent at this sort of thing takes 45
minutes and no trip to the grocery store
this is one of the finest aspects of
this I am a millennial I will not leave
my couch I will not leave my chair
I will not go outside if I can't get it
on the computer I don't want it and this
sends it directly to you blue apron is
the number one fresh ingredient and
recipe delivery service in the country
if mission is to make incredible home
cooking accessible to everyone you know
living the bachelor lifestyle as I've
done for many years it's so tempting to
just get some gross takeout thing and
eat your sludge every night just to fill
this machine this flesh that we just
treat is a meat instead of as a
dignified human body treat yourself come
on you get the good food cook it it's
good it's builds character it's a
virtuous act and then feed yourself good
food you can get three meal plans the
two-person meal plan meals that serve
two people you can choose from eight new
recipes per week with the choice to
receive either two to three recipes any
week that serves to normal people or one
Kevon the meal family meal plan that
serves four people choose from four new
recipes per week with the choice to
receive either two three or four recipes
any week again that serves for normal
people or one
Kevon and the and the wine plan six
bottles of wine from renowned wine
makers delivered monthly this is
important and I know what you're
thinking that one gavones six bottles
monthly isn't gonna cut it but you know
it's a good start it is a good start so
there are a lot of a lot of really good
I've been eating this a lot recently
again they don't pay me money here at
the Daily wires so I have to eat what
they send me and it's really really
excellent food it's very convenient very
flexible twelve new recipes a week
you're not gonna get sick of it
customers can pick two three or four
recipes blue apron sends only non GMO
ingredients and meat with no added
hormones previously in my previous
despicable bachelor life I was actually
only eating meat hormones that's all I
could afford that's all I could go just
eating the hormones that some
corporations pump into the meat so it's
really I'm again don't say I never did
anything for you blue apron is treating
the Michael Knowles show listeners to
$30 off your first order if you go to
blue apron comm slash go FFA COV Effie
Effie this should not be a difficult
decision for you I'm giving you 30 bucks
of free food that you don't even have to
go to a store for it just gets delivered
to you so and you get to type in the
greatest promo code in television
history blue apron dot-com / co' FFA Co
V Fe Fe
check out this week's menu and get your
$30 off blue apron a better way to cook
do I have Lauren on now alright Lauren
thank you for being here hi there thanks
for having me I'm really wanting that
wine now I'm gonna have to go punch in
that coat it's really good Coface CofE
Effie Effie now Lauren I have to say you
know sometimes the audience gives me
flak because they accuse me of flirting
with my female guests or hitting on my
female guests but you this shouldn't be
as big of an issue because you're
officially a man is that right you have
officially changed your gender to a man
yes I legally changed by gender in
Canada so if you want to win over some
of the progressive audience you can
throw a few lines my way be still my
beating heart well that's where that is
very progressive and a really excellent
story if you haven't looked into Lauren
changing her gender you should look it
up on the Internet's very funny Lauren
we just watched a clip from some of your
footage in South Africa what is going on
in that country where do you even begin
I went to South Africa in January just
to investigate kind of whispers I heard
about farm murders going on they were
supposedly discriminatory farm murders
against the Afrikaner minority that were
just brutal stuff that four founders are
the white people I ended up yes yes
they're the 8 percent white population
in South Africa but I ended up going
down this rabbit hole and discovering a
myriad of government just absolutely
biased laws against the Afrikaner people
I discovered white squatter camps which
are basically de facto refugee camps for
white people in the country I discovered
about laws called black economic
empowerment which are basically reverse
affirmative action so imagine if you
could only hire 13% blacks in a certain
career in America because it has to be
representative of the population I think
the sports would get very boring in
America but in South Africa this has
caused a lot of problems a ton of white
South Africans have been fired from
their jobs to meet these quotas it's
caused for an absolute gutting of the
energy sector in fact people have
probably heard Cape Town is about to run
out of water because of the
the white South Africans are not just
being murdered but there's just been an
announcement that the government plans
to take their land without compensation
so things are just collapsing in on
themselves there's so many issues to
talk about you're gonna have to pick one
what what has happened to the spirit of
Nelson Mandela you know the the right
frequently pilloried Mandela for being a
communist terrorist and I think it's a
little bit like the Mike Bloomberg
effect when Bloomberg was my mayor in
New York I would criticize him
relentlessly because he wouldn't let me
smoke cigars in the parks but now
looking back now that we have de Blasio
I think like man those were the good old
days I didn't know we don't know what we
got til it's gone
you know Mandela did exudes apparent
spirit of reconciliation he was
pilloried by both sides the left and the
right in South Africa jailed for decades
for opposing apartheid what happened to
that now that that guy is gone what
happened to his own party and what
happened to his country
so the ANC is still in power in South
Africa but of course the reason we don't
hear much about South Africa and the
news anymore is because what South
Africa was supposed to exemplify was the
progressive communist rainbow nation and
the left loved it and they still tout
this day the rainbow nation is the most
beautiful thing to ever have existed but
the reason we don't hear about it
anymore
is because the rainbow nation has failed
that is just a fact
the ANC has turned into a party that is
not for equality but has become quite
openly anti white if their policies
don't speak for themselves you can go
and watch some of the videos of even the
other parties in Parliament the EF a few
have about 10 percent of control of the
government saying we should kill and
shoot the Boer literally dancing on
their stage and saying kill shoot the
white South Africans this is the
government of South Africa right now it
is not this progressive rainbow nation
and the Marxism hasn't done them much
good either you can see the R and since
the ANC is brought in a lot of their
Marxist policies it has collapsed in
value since the 90s so you're not gonna
hear much from the left about this so
it's really good to see although I think
a little late as we've just started
talking about South Africa
when the land crisis is now being
enacted by Parliament it's good to start
seeing it in the conservative media
because this is going to ramp up into
something far more serious in the coming
years well I wonder because in the head
of the e FF this has said that he wants
to cut the throat of whiteness in South
Africa uses he says he loves Uncle Bob
Mugabe but there were 80 some odd I
think 83 said African parliamentarians
who voted against the land expropriation
isn't that right now many more
parliamentarians voted for it is there
any hope that this doesn't happen that
them the minority of parliamentarians
are able to bring some stability and
sanity back to the country right of
course it's good to make a nod to those
same people I'm sure are just hitting
their face on their desk right now
looking at things like Zimbabwe which if
people don't know what happened in
Zimbabwe they kicked out all the white
farmers and it ended up causing a huge
crisis there with food issues people
starving their economy collapsed and of
course that will become a problem in
South Africa as well the farmers there
are desperately trying to train their
workers take over their jobs and take
over the farms but you just can't fill
that many spaces so quickly so I think
there are at least some people within
the media and within the government that
realise that conference getting white
land is not just going to be a problem
for white people it's going to be a
problem for all South Africans black
white mixed alike it's going to cause
starvation it's going to hurt the
futures of young people in the country
and if enough people can start talking
about that showing what happened in
Zimbabwe Zimbabwe you are now inviting
back the white farmers because they need
help it hopefully there can be some
change but people have to start talking
about it we can't wait until it actually
happens because the mainstream media I
found waited until the land crisis was
actually seen in Parliament and passed
they waited for that last kind of moment
if we wait again until more drastic
policies and laws happen then things
might be far too late it's amazing even
now even now that the South African
Parliament has voted to take away all
the white
and when you look at Google News or you
look in a lot of mainstream outlets it
won't come I view Google South Africa
you'll see sporting events and frivolous
things like that I wonder you bring up
Zimbabwe obviously black Zimbabweans did
terribly under that expropriation regime
Mugabe and his cronies enriched himself
dramatically and the people who really
paid the price were the millions of of
black peasants basically who couldn't
work and couldn't feed themselves and
couldn't support themselves there was a
good op-ed out today about how land
expropriation in South Africa is the
same thing it is primarily an attack on
not just white farm owners but black
South Africans who are going to be
devastated when the starvation hits is
there any is there any voice in South
Africa or in the the international media
who are pointing this out that that it
seems like it's an attack on white
people it seems like it's an attack on
the original sin of that country as the
the activists described it but really
the people who are going to be heard as
so often the case or the people it
purports to help well this is the
upsetting thing is the media and
certainly within the mainstream it
rarely speaks the minds of the people it
speaks its own agenda and what it wants
the people to think and I remember
sitting down when I was in South Africa
with a woman from Zimbabwe she was a
very sweet lady and she was telling me
through quite emotionally that she
didn't know what she was going to do
after South Africa kicked out the white
people because she had come to South
Africa because of what happened in
Zimbabwe she came there to make money to
send back to her family in Zimbabwe and
she said I don't know where there is to
go next in Africa if they do the same
thing here South Africa was her safe
zone after the kicking out of whites so
so it's a yeah you're absolutely correct
in that the victim are people of all
skin colors the victim of this is the
whole nation in general because the
conservative argument as always that a
rising tide lifts all ships and we can
see that not just in the US but around
the world
capitalism lifted 600 million people out
of poverty in China in something like a
decade or two decades but of course the
opposite is all
so true a sinkhole it's good to sing
everybody isn't just gonna sink one
group of the kind it's going to destroy
the country and yet there's basically no
reporting on the panic of international
investors of the panic of the South
African banks tell us a little bit more
about your movie what's what's next for
that what what made you decide to do the
project and where where and when can we
see it right so farm lands hopefully
will be out within the next month I'm
hesitant to give people a specific date
because there's so much preparation that
has to go into it if films always tell
you about six months longer than anybody
says they will and an extra $200,000 or
something right
precisely but luckily on my channel if
you just look up on YouTube lauren
southern you can find a ton of little
mini-series you watched a bit at the
beginning interviewing farmers
themselves interviewing politicians
interviewing individuals who have been
struck by the drought by murder by all
these different crises just to actually
bring it to you and to see we hear a lot
of statistics and of course there's that
famous joseph stalin quote that is just
horrific where he says one person's
death is a tragedy a million is simply a
Cystic and for a lot of people all
they've seen is these statistics of four
murders all they seen as the numbers
that this is happening at a horrific
rate but they haven't actually gotten to
meet the people and realize these are
humans just like me and you that are
suffering through this crisis right now
and that's kind of what I hope to do
with farmlands it I hope to humanize the
Afrikaner people and show that they're
not just these statistics they're not
these colonizer monsters as some people
like to portray them they just happen to
be born on this land after their family
had been there hundreds of years but
also to record what is going on in South
Africa because lord knows if things get
worse there the media is not going to
tell the truth and I want there to be at
least some record of what happened in
South Africa so we can learn from kind
of the mistakes which hopefully we can
fix things but if not you I want to be
out there you would think we would have
learned from Zimbabwe but if South
Africa destroys itself as it looks like
it is doing then at least there will be
a record and maybe we'll be able to stop
the next country absolutely Lauren thank
you that was that was not only very
educational
but you've really helped me happy you've
bumped up my progressive credentials by
being such an articulate official
government recognized man on the program
I really appreciate it
Lauren southern everybody go check out
her YouTube channel and check out the
movie whenever it comes out talk to you
soon thanks for having me
all right we've got to get to this day
in history do we have to sign off first
are you gonna make me sign off before we
do this day in history oh that's so
awful this is a good this day in history
speaking of colonial revolts this is an
excellent a timely this day in history
from what took place on this very Monday
in 1770 but if you're not on daily
wire.com you can't watch it
if you're on Facebook or YouTube hahaha
if you're on Facebook though come over
to Delhi wired.com it will be $10 a
month $100 for an annual membership but
what will you get you will get the
Andrew Klavan show the Ben Shapiro show
you'll get me you'll get the
conversation and you can ask em
questions he's the one who's up next
now look everybody can watch the
conversation but only the subscribers
can ask questions many are called but
few or chosen yeah you'll get all that
but who cares nobody cares about all
that we want to thank all of our current
subscribers and I know our current
subscribers are going to make everybody
very envious because they have this the
leftist tears tumblr baby oh this is so
important this this is going this is the
Jimmy Kimmel vintage because last night
Jimmy he held it throughout most of the
broadcast he didn't cry you know he
wanted to but those Oscars ratings are
gonna come out today and then Jimmy
Kimmel is gonna unleash an outrageous
outpouring of Tears and you're gonna
need your tumbler if you want to protect
you and your family it's really
important
go to daily wire calm right now we will
be right back
it is time for this day in history in
1770 the American Revolution began five
years before the shot heard round the
world now a lot of people don't know
that the event was the Boston Massacre
this was five years before Lexington and
Concord bridge one cold night in Boston
angry colonists met at the Customs House
in Boston and they started tossing
snowballs at the one lonely British
soldier guarding that building now I
know what you think you're we know this
is the Boston Massacre where the British
shoot the American colonists and it's
just so awful it's totally unprovoked
and the British shot everybody down
colonists were not just throwing
snowballs this was not just a snowball
fight in some elementary school that you
have with your sister or something
tension had been building for two years
at this event they were throwing rocks
they were really trying to hurt this guy
and hurt the British tension had built
since the British troops were sent in
1768 to enforce unpopular parliamentary
taxation even that isn't as simple as it
sounds we hear no taxation without
representation that isn't the whole
story the British crown expected the
colonies to help pay for the French and
Indian War
that was their war it was fought in
America and so the British expect the
Imperial overlords expected the colonies
to help pay for that Americans at this
time were not some horribly oppressed
people they had the highest average
disposable income in the world per
capita annual incomes were $2,100 to
$3500 nearly the same as the British
across the pond the British had a
slightly higher per capita annual income
but when you take into account the lower
tax rates American colonists paid a much
lower tax rate the colonists were living
very large on top of that the American
colonists had more land they have
greater availability of food and wood
both of which were much cheaper in
America than in Britain also in America
population density was low America had
higher birth rates and it had lower
death rates and so in America unlike in
Britain you had a 3% population growth
per year this is an exploding country
Americans also were taller thanks to
better nutrition and healthcare than
their British counterparts the average
height
American colonial soldier was 5 foot 8
which is 2 inches taller than their
British counterparts you can picture
that in the battles you know the
Americans are just bigger brawny er guys
than the British and the Redcoats that
they were fighting nevertheless
colonists were rightly angered by what
they saw is the wrongful British
occupation of their city so already
we're seeing a breaking away of the
American identity from that of Britain
they viewed the British troops who were
there as occupiers of of their city the
if Paul Revere never said the British
are coming the British are coming
because that would have been nonsense
everybody was British everybody
considered himself British except that
the identities were diverging just a
little bit
the Americans had had been here for four
hundred years the Pilgrims landed in
1620 the so they depart they have been
here for four hundred years they'd
already been there for over a century of
exploring this country forming a new
culture forming a new country they were
separatists the pilgrims who left they
did choose to leave Britain and these
new cultures were forming so the Friday
before the massacre British soldiers
were looking for part-time work and they
brawled with Boston laborers at John
Hancock's Wharf this was three days
before the Boston Massacre tension was
already brewing they were fighting each
other this brawl grew to include 40
soldiers which actually forced their
Colonel William Dalrymple to confine
them to their barracks this was pretty
violent and so much so that an order had
to come down from the Brits everybody
knew that tensions were in a flare up
again on Monday this didn't come out of
nowhere had been building for two years
but especially it had been building over
the weekend they basically respected the
Sabbath then the weekend was over they
said bring it on the customers house
Sentinel called for backup
and the Customs House sent Sentinel
rather called for backup and they
brought a British corporal and seven
soldiers to his aid now two of those
people that came to his aid had
previously brawled on that Friday
Captain Thomas Preston
told the Redcoats to fix their bayonets
rocks getting thrown snowballs being
thrown the British they're fixed their
bayonets the colonists are jeering
they're saying fire on us we dare you
they're not gonna there's no way you're
gonna fire on your colonists ain't going
to happen
Weston until private Hugh Montgomery
slept private Hugh Montgomery slipped he
fell he accidentally discharged his
rifle he didn't fire it at the Americans
he just just fired just went off this
led all of the other British to fire
they fired on the colonists when smoke
cleared five colonists were dead or
dying
those men were Crispus Attucks Patrick
Carr Samuel gray Samuel maverick and
James Caldwell
a lot of people now believe that the
first person to fall in the Boston
Massacre was Crispus Attucks who was a
sailor of African and Indian ancestry
say a black American was the first guy
to fall in what was the early stage of
the Revolutionary War that's how the
story evolved there was actually no
evidence that he was the first to go
down he was certainly one of the first
five though that goes without saying
these were the first deaths and they're
considered the first deaths of the
American Revolution so what happened
after that British soldiers were put on
trial in the colonial system who
defended them John Adams and Josiah
Quincy junior defended them John Adams
you might remember was the second
President of the United States
nevertheless he defended them Josiah
Quincy jr. was actually the spokesman
for the Sons of Liberty in Boston the
radical group the radical independence
group they both defended them because
they defended the colonial system of
government and they defended the rule of
law
Edmund Burke and reflections on the
revolution in France juxtaposes the
American Revolution of the French
Revolution the French Revolution went
crazy and it was a leftist revolution
but the American Revolution was a
conservative revolution and we see the
seeds of that even here so two of the
six soldiers were who were tried were
found guilty of manslaughter their
punishment was being branded on the
thumb and then released it's not a tough
punishment getting branded on the thumb
I guess but that was the only punishment
this was the first shot of the American
Revolution we hear about the shot heard
around the world at Lexington and
Concord really this was the first one it
happened six years before the
Declaration of Independence of five
years before those early battles but
nothing about this event is clear as I
hope I've explained except for the need
for American independence the guilt
isn't really clear who started it isn't
totally clear who was in the right to
occupy or levy the tax due to pay the
tax not totally clear but the need for
American independence was colonists
were rightly angry that their
self-governing city was being occupied
they were basically self-governing and
had been for a long time they were angry
at being taxed without representation
they were angry that British soldiers
were competing in the labor market and
the crown expected colonists to foot
some of the bill for their own war in
the crown saw that Americans were living
large and British protection and the
British soldiers were being pelted with
rocks just for standing guard and doing
their job American independence was
coming these seeds were sown into the
founding of the country there was this
separate entity this American character
that was being built we see it very
early on and here we're seeing it
flourish it we don't but it's much
easier to say those were bad people and
these were good people and these were
oppressing them and these were not
oppressing them the reality of it is
different historical context is
different it actually gives one some
reason to maybe have some empathy for
King George the third who the American
Revolution began before he read the
Declaration of Independence or something
like that and when George Washington
ceded his military commission George the
third called him the greatest man in the
history of the world now we have a
special relationship with Britain and
that has built for a very long time even
though they kept trying to invade war of
1812 they kept trying to give us trouble
we've fought him back though you know
well brawny Americans we have two inches
on those guys so that was built into the
character but looking at the historical
context of the United States you see
just in that character independence was
it was our future it was our destiny we
were going to people this continent we
were going to story this continent it
was built into the American experiment
and I think when people view it view
that moment and view our country's
character with less of an ideological
take on it with less of a rigid narrow
ideology and they look more into the
character of what makes America America
you see all of that flourishing and
blossoming for what it is and hopefully
we get to keep doing that we don't just
go all the way down into our decadent
slump but if watching Jimmy Kimmel on
the Oscars last night I don't know maybe
that temper is our hope a little bit in
any case as our show today
I'm Michael Knowles this is the Michael
no Leo come back tomorrow we'll do it
all again
the Michael Knoll show is a daily wire
forward publishing production executive
producer Jeremy boring senior producer
Jonathan hey supervising producer
Mathis Glover our technical producer is
austin stevens edited by alex Zingaro
audio is mixed by Mike Cora Mina
hair and makeup is by Jeshua of era
copyright for word publishing 2018
