according to miami-dade a prosecutor
Marshall Doreen Lewis says quote there's
no doubt that was a failure
the idea that they were aware of it and
could do nothing is absurd we can't let
this happen again
not only did the FBI refuse to act on
too strong tips one of which involved
the shooter posting on the internet that
he plan to become a professional school
shooter which is illegal that's a
terrorist threat the Palm Beach
Sheriff's Office was told the shooter
had put a gun to others heads in the
past the Florida Department of Children
and Families ruled him stable despite
clear evidence of self-harm and at the
school where the where the shooter
killed 17 people they knew he was
cutting himself threatening students and
taking pictures with guns and that he
may have ingested gasoline in an attempt
to commit suicide and nothing was done
about any of these things they did have
the legal authority to go in and arrest
him they had the legal authority to
ensure that he did not have weapons they
did not do any of those things they
dropped the ball they really blew it now
there's some rumors out there and we'll
see if they're substantiated Sarah Rumph
/ red state has a long piece about it
it is obvious that the the sheriff's of
Broward County have been attempting to
minimize the number of arrests that take
place on campus the reports that the
student that the shooter was expelled
from the school are not true he was
actually allowed to remain in the school
and there are a lot of questions being
asked today about whether the
determination to end the so-called
school to Prison Pipeline allowed the
police to let this guy off the hook but
basically they didn't want to be part of
that school to Prison Pipeline so
instead they let an incipient school
shooter run around on the loose with
guns which would just be devastating
we'll see if there's more information
that comes up about that even if the
case couldn't have been made the arrest
should have happened the teen might have
been placed squarely on the radar of
police analysts and then anytime
anything else came up there'd be more
action taken by the police one another
prosecutor named pre Ovilus according
Miami Herald says at the very least the
most capable intelligence detectives
should have been monitoring him the
sheriff has said that the BSO s handling
of tips is under internal investigation
he says I don't know that the signs were
missed he said this isn't science
fiction we're not allowed to arrest on
what a person thinks about on pre crimes
but this wasn't a matter of pre crimes
there were reports of this shooter
threatening other students that his
cyber stalking under the law in the
state of Florida there's pictures of the
student online brandishing guns and
talking about being a school shooter
these are crimes in the state of Florida
and there have been other people who
have been arrested for similar stuff
miami-dade schools policed on Friday
arrested Kropp High senior Shan Mesa for
posting photos of himself with guns on
social media improper display of a
firearm is a misdemeanor in Florida
that's not the only case that is like
that there's another arrest that was
made in 2016 of somebody who is involved
in very similar behavior there is a
there is a Miami Dade police homeland
security bureau arrest of a guy named
Enrico domine Dominguez who is posting
apparently disturbing images of himself
dressed like the Joker with combat style
knives and his co-workers report he
pledged allegiance to al I showed them
Isis execution videos in vowed to dress
like the Joker
before gunning down coworkers they went
and arrested him why couldn't that have
applied here the answer is it could have
applied here but something happened at
the sheriff's office and they didn't do
their job
