more the police stole told to stand down
did the police tell emergency responders
to stand down and we're gonna take a
look at the government's record on
mental health because all of this is
relevant to the big gun control debate
i'm ben shapiro this is the ben shapiro
show so first off i just want to thank
all the folks who showed up last night
at university of minnesota we had a
packed house about 500 people showed up
to to pack a pretty crowded room there
were 100 police officers who show up for
about maybe 40 protestors at most the
protesters were not violent nothing
really happened but they had a full
squat gear people racking their m4 so
this is how insane it's become on
America's college campuses when that
sort of stuff is necessary I'll have a
few more notes on that a little bit
later and a lot of news to get to here
today including some more information
updates on what happened in parkland
that story just gets worse and worse but
first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at helix sleep so I'm on
the road does it look like I've been
sleeping well I haven't the reason is
because I'm not on my helix sleep
mattress helix sleep makes the best
mattresses there are on the market for a
couples they'll even purchase analyze
each side of the mattress here's how it
works you go to helix sleep calm slash
bed you take their simple two to three
minutes sleep quiz and they will build
you a custom mattress they'll be the
best thing you have ever slept on and
when you're away from home you're gonna
miss your helix sleep mattress every
single time everybody is recommending
helix sleep and there's a reason that
custom mattress arrives to your door in
a week shipping is completely free and
then you can try it for a hundred nights
so if you don't love it they will pick
it up and they will refund you info I
don't know anybody personally that this
head that has actually done this because
that's how good the helix sleep mattress
is again it's a lot less expensive than
the stuff that you would get store
bought and it's better quality as well
they have this algorithm asks you do you
like to prefer on it to sleep on your
back or on your side or on your stomach
do you prefer the mattress to be firm or
soft and then they personalize it to
your comfort helix sleep comm / Ben
right now use the slash pending at $50
toward your custom mattress that's helix
sleep comm / Ben again 50 bucks off
toward your order that's helix sleep
comm slash men checked that out they
also have a bunch of additional products
like they've the helix mattress
protector machine washable dryer safe
completely waterproof they've the helix
foundation which is seven and a half
inches of solid pine upholstered with
the same woven fabric as your helix
mattress so all sorts of good stuff over
at helix sleep comm / Ben again you get
50 bucks toward your custom mattress
when you go to helix sleep
/ better okay so time for some updates
on what has happened in parkland so
every day there's more information now
coming out on what the sheriff's office
in Broward County did and did not do in
the lead-up to during the attack and in
the aftermath of the of the parkland
shooting attack at the school shooting
and it is really astonishing me the more
information that comes out the worse
this get so according to Miami Herald
today the shooter threatened classmates
posted photos of himself holding guns
made violent statements online and there
was repeatedly described to authorities
as a potential school shooter his
troubling behavior gave law enforcement
plenty of opportunities to investigate
and arrest him according to Miami Herald
and even take away his guns long before
he shot up Marjorie Stoneman Douglas
High School in parkland last week
according to interviews with former
Florida South of South Florida
prosecutors and legal experts now
remember sheriff Scott Israel had
claimed that there is no way under law
from they actually confiscate the
weapons of the shooter or to arrest the
shooter that is not true according to
miami-dade a prosecutor Marshall Doreen
Lewis says quote there's no doubt that
was a failure and the idea that they
were aware of it and could do nothing is
absurd we can't let this happen again
so not only did the FBI refused to act
on too strong tips one of which involved
the shooter posting on the internet that
he plan to become a professional school
shooter which is illegal that's a
terrorist threat the Palm Beach
Sheriff's Office was told the shooter
had put a gun to others heads in the
past the Florida Department of Children
and Families ruled him stable despite
clear evidence of self harm and at the
school where the where the shooter
killed 17 people they knew he was
cutting himself threatening students and
taking pictures with guns and that he
may have ingested gasoline in an attempt
to commit suicide and nothing was done
about any of these things they did have
the legal authority to go in and arrest
him they had the legal authority to
ensure that he did not have weapons they
did not do any of those things they
dropped the ball they really blew it now
there's some rumors out there and we'll
see if they're substantiated Sarah Rumph
/ red state has a long piece about it it
is obvious that the the Sheriff's of
Broward County have been attempting to
minimize the number of arrests that take
place on campus the reports that the
student that the shooter was expelled
from the school are not true he was
actually allowed to remain in the school
and there are a lot of questions being
asked today about whether the
determination to end the so-called
school to Prison Pipeline
allowed the police to let this guy off
the hook that basically they didn't want
to be part of that school to Prison
Pipeline
instead they let an incipient school
shooter run around on the loose with
guns which would just be devastating
we'll see if there's more information
that comes out about that even if the
case couldn't have been made the arrests
should have happened the team might've
been placed squarely on the radar of
police analysts and then any time
anything else came up there'd be more
action taken by the police one another
prosecutor named pre Ovilus according
Miami Herald says at the very least the
most capable intelligence detectives
should have been monitoring him the
sheriff has said that the BSO's handling
of tips is under internal investigation
he says I don't know that the signs were
missed he said this isn't science
fiction were not allowed to arrest on
what a person thinks about on pre crimes
but this wasn't a matter of pre crimes
there were reports of this shooter
threatening other students that is cyber
stalking under the law in the state of
Florida there's pictures of the student
online brandishing guns and talking
about being a school shooter these are
crimes in the state of Florida and there
have been other people who have been
arrested for similar stuff miami-dade
schools police on Friday arrested Cropp
High senior Shawn Mesa for posting
photos of himself with guns on social
media improper display of a firearm is a
misdemeanor in Florida that's not the
only case that is like that there's
another arrest that was made in 2016 of
somebody who is involved in very similar
behavior there was a there's a Miami
Dade Police Homeland Security Bureau
arrest of a guy named Enrico Tommy and
Dominguez who is posting apparently
disturbing images of himself dressed
like the Joker with combat style knives
and his co-workers report he pledged
allegiance to a lie showed the mices
execution videos and vowed to dress like
the Joker before gunning down co-workers
they wouldn't arrested him why couldn't
that have applied here the answer is it
could have applied here but something
happened at the Sheriff's Office
and they didn't do their job and now
we're finding out that the the Sheriff's
Office itself may have told police
officers to stand down so Laura Ingraham
reported on her show yesterday that
deputies were told to stand outside and
wait because they didn't have body
cameras on so because there were no body
cameras on the detectives or on the on
the sheriff's deputies and because they
didn't want to go in without those body
cameras so that they could defend
themselves against possible lawsuit
maybe whatever the case was according to
Ingram her sources in the department say
these deputies were told to stand around
outside while kids were getting shot
inside our sources near the Broward
County Sheriff's Department are telling
us that the deputies who arrived at the
scene of the shooting were told not to
enter the school unless their body
cameras were turned on and then we found
out that the deputies did not have body
cameras so they did not enter or enter
the building or engage the shooter so
curiously police also lost radio
communications during the parkland
shooting I mean this is a massive box
they didn't even have body cameras but
they suddenly obeyed the rule that they
weren't allowed to go into dangerous
areas with body cameras something is
really fishy here
there's an EMT who's on national TV last
night an emergency medical respondent
who was saying that the police were
barring them from getting in and they
said they could have saved two more
lives if they've been allowed to get in
there right away but they weren't
allowed to get in there the police were
stopping them from going in three high
ranking Florida officials are expressing
their frustration because they say EMS
was delayed getting inside Stoneman
Douglas High School on the day of the
shooting in the critical moments when
victims lay inside in need of immediate
care one source tells FOX News some EMS
teams requested to go inside but were
denied by the commanding agency the
Broward County Sheriff's Office that
source alleges scanner recordings will
reveal that okay this is amazing stuff
is amazing stuff and people are coming
at the NRA and law abiding gun owners as
the problem we also now have a response
from the Broward deputy the the Broward
deputy Scott Peterson who's been ripped
up in town by the sheriff and there's
something fishy about the sheriff
ripping this this deputy up and down and
suggesting that he was a coward there's
something very fishy about a sheriff who
does not defend his cops and who throws
his cops under the bus now may may be
very well at this deputy chickened out
that's quite possible that's not what
he's saying according to his lawyer
quote allegations that mr. Peterson was
a coward and that his performance under
the circumstances failed to meet the
standards of police officers are
patently untrue let there be no mistake
mr. Peterson wishes he could have
prevented the untimely passing of the 17
victims on that day his heart goes out
to the family of the victims in their
time of need
however the allegations that mr.
Peterson was a coward and the his
performance under the circumstances
failed to meet the standards of police
officers are patently untrue mr.
Peterson is confident that his actions
on that day were appropriate under the
circumstances and that the video
together with the eyewitness testimony
of those on the scene
well exonerate him of any subpar
performance so this is another one of
the questions why don't we have the
video why don't we know what happened
they have video of what happened there
they have cameras on the premises
this particular deputy was awarded the
school deputy of the year in 2014
apparently according to Miami Herald he
was in another building dealing with a
student issue and the shots sounded he
was armed with his sidearm he ran to the
west side of building 12 and set up in a
defensive position then did nothing for
four minutes until the gunfire stopped
according to the sheriff but according
to this deputy he says that he heard the
gunshots but believed the gunshots were
originating from outside the building on
school campus and he said BSO trains it
to officers that in the event of a
outdoor gunfire want us to seek cover
and assess the situation in order to
communicate what one observes with other
law enforcement so maybe a mistake was
just made as opposed to cowardice or as
possible that there was something else
going on because we still have not fully
rebutted that CNN report that says it
was not one deputy on premises but four
deputies on premises who are outside
doing nothing and if Ingram's report is
correct if Flores report is correct then
that means that there were four people
outside were told not to go in because
their body cameras weren't on them which
is just insane now meanwhile the sheriff
Scott Israel is doing his best to avoid
all culpability again according to Laura
Ingraham just a few hours ago the
Ingraham angle received copies of
internal emails from a source close to
the Broward Sheriff's Office which has
since been confirmed by a second source
that email urges all staff members to
vigorously support sheriff Israel so in
other words he's too busy defending his
own ass to actually take responsibility
for what went on in his department
there's no question this guy's a
political actor through and through
Israel actually got into hot water back
in December why because they're a bunch
of Broward County Sheriff's cars and he
wrapped his he put a wrap on the cars
with his face on it for political
purposes they were jokingly called
Israel Mobile's by members of the
department and we obviously know the
sheriff loves grandstanding we know he
loves his camera time he's never run
from a camera at any point and he
apparently and he knows full well what
happened here we're just not getting all
the information now there will be a full
investigation that takes place I'm sure
that we will find out what happened here
I have a very little doubt that it's
going to cast even more aspersions
toward his behavior in this whole thing
it's truly disastrous and truly
frightening and again the bottom line is
this if you expect me to give up my
weapon when the authorities won't even
do their job you must be out of your
mind if you think that
I'm gonna give up my method for
defending myself because the authorities
want me to and then they won't even
defend my kids if my kids are going to a
school that they are assigned try again
not going to happen
there's only we know who blew it here
okay wasn't the NRA that blew it here it
was the FBI it was the local law
enforcement the reason this matters is
because we keep hearing about how we
need more laws on the books
well more laws on the books aren't gonna
do anything if we're not enforcing the
laws that are already on the books more
laws aren't gonna change anything if
we're not actually changing things which
were not of course so that means that
more of these school shootings are more
likely to happen and the grandstanding
doesn't help either
which brings us to the grandstanding
itself so there's been a ton of focus on
the on a specific subset I should say of
kids who were at the Parkland school at
Marjory Stoneman High School when this
happened and it's a very specific subset
and you know all their names right you
know Cameron kasky you've seen him on TV
and you know Emma glutton Emma Gonzalez
you've seen her on TV as well and she
has now over a million Twitter followers
after having basically zero Twitter
followers a week ago because the media
have really been pushing her out there
and of course David hog who's been on
every TV show that he can possibly find
now they have every right to speak as
much as they want and we have every
right to criticize them as much as we
want because this is still the United
States of America and just because you
went through something tough does not
mean that you're an expert on what
happened or why it happened it just
means they're an expert on suffering as
I've said here on the show a bunch of
times
hey but nonetheless we are being treated
to the awkward spectacle of these kids
being trotted out there by a compliant
media that actually as Charlie cook over
at over at National Review says are
laundering their views through the moral
bank accounts of these students all the
people in the media wish they could call
for a ban for guns every day on the air
they can't so instead they bring on
these kids to do it for them that's the
whole goal of having these kids as
guests and the kids are saying things
that are just insipid David hog
particularly has is a very bad spokesman
for his for his point of view not just
because he's a good-looking kid who can
complete a sentence doesn't mean
anything he says makes any sense and
again this is not a rip on him as a
victim this is a rip on him as political
commentator you either say things that
are intelligence or you don't and your
experiences have nothing to do with it
this is a form of identity politics in
the same way that the left will maintain
that your opinion should be gauged not
based on the actual content or value of
your opinion but based on the color of
your skin your ethnicity your religion
your background instead of doing instead
of doing it on that basis they're saying
that we should now judge the the decency
of your viewpoint or the genius of your
viewpoint based solely on whether you
went through a terrible experience at a
school shooting so here is David hog
suggesting once again
for the umpteenth time the politicians
don't care about kid la kids lives he
cares deeply about kids lives David hog
he cares so deeply that he's called for
a boycott of Amazon he's hoped for a
boycott in the state of Florida because
there's nothing like harming those
family business owners down in Miami
Beach you have to make sure that those
new immigrants can't sell their tacos
during spring break we got to make sure
that doesn't happen so he wants people
to boycott Florida until the gun laws in
Florida change he has spoken at a rally
in New Jersey he is pushing for a
boycott against FedEx he says he's not
gonna go back to school until he gets
what he wants well tough I mean they
don't go back to school that's that's
not true anyway he will be back at
school in any case he was doing this
routine again yesterday politicians
don't care about kids lives this is the
worst form of demagoguery and here he is
saying it these politicians don't care
about these children's lives
notice how the only action being taken
for example with Rick Scott is after he
is running for Senate to try to take
Bill Nelson seat that's what's going on
here people need to acknowledge that and
like with Marco Rubio for example the
man must be a professional dancer just
like other politicians because he's
great at sidestepping questions at the
CNN Town Hall he turned a 1-1 word
answer into a five sentence shenanigan
emitting propaganda from the NRA and
repeating his false message that he's
got his message that he's going to
continue to accept money from the NRA
just making sure that people don't
understand that and they're distracted
by him trying to turn it into a long
answer so he can get reelected and it's
discussed he didn't obstruct at all he
said he would continue to take money
from the NRA because he's a proponent of
second Amendment rights I mean senator
Rubio was perfectly honest on that
special about whether he would take
money from the NRA again when David Hahn
says all of these very very silly things
when he suggests that it's about the
Governor Rick Scott or it's about the
Senator Marco Rubio bill Nelson has
nothing to do with it right bill Nelson
has all the right views so that's
totally fine this is the same guy David
Hogg who went on TV and defended Scott
Israel the actual sheriff of Broward
County right the guy whose
watch everything the entire first part
of the show is about all of the battery
by the Sheriff's Office and yet somehow
Rick Scott is responsible for the deputy
not doing his job but the Sheriff's
Office is not responsible for the deputy
doing his job pretty astonishing stuff
pretty astonishing stuff okay so David
hog goes out there and he says this sort
of nonsense and then of course he is
seated by the media for it so Jimmy
Fallon does the same thing here's Jimmy
Fallon praising the Parkland students
and suggesting that they are all heroes
and he's going to march with them so
it's not enough by the way that we have
one Pope of politics in Jimmy Kimmel I'm
late-night now we have to have two popes
of politics on late-night Jimmy Fallon
joins Jimmy Kimmel in this effort
Stephen Colbert of course has been the
Pope of politics before so we actually
have the Holy Roman Empire and the
kingship has passed around the Emperor
ship is passed around between various
parties depending on how the ratings are
Fallon wants to get in the game because
he's been ripped as to anodyne as to
lackluster as not political enough by a
lot of left-wing commentators and
therefore he wants to get in the game so
here is Jimmy Fallon doing his best
Jimmy Kimmel impression he needs to grow
a little bit of stubble and cry if he
really wants to do this right I think
what the students of Marjorie Stoneman
Douglas High School are doing is
unbelievable they're speaking out with
more guts passion conviction and common
sense and most adults they're high
school students it's beyond impressive
that strength that they have it's
inspiring they are angry and they're
doing something about it and creating
change this is a real revolution and
they have organized a peaceful march on
Saturday March 24th in Washington DC to
demand action to prevent gun violence I
just want to say I stand behind you guys
and I will be marching alongside you
with my wife and two children in DC to
show our support wow how nice I mean
it's all the late night house
immediately coming out and signaling
virtue signaling that everything that
these kids have to say is wonderful the
bravery the decency okay they're not
going to talk to you know some of the
other students they're not going to talk
to you know some of the some of the
people who I've recommended that they
talk to I'm sure they're not going to
talk to Kyle cash if we still was
unverified on Twitter by the way I thank
you for following him he's one of the
students there who disagrees with with
some of these other students but he of
course is not appearing every single day
you don't know his name because he's not
on CNN or MSNBC every single day still
as I say unverified on Twitter no shock
there but again this is
but the entire Hollywood infrastructure
is gonna do the Oscars will be about
that on Sunday night you watch they they
were gonna do me too
but now this obviously allows them to
virtue signal on another topic now never
mind that half the people in the
audience have done movies in which guns
are glorified is the way of stopping
violence never mind that
all those people are millionaires who
are protected by armed security outside
you watch on Sunday during the Oscars
the entire thing will be about how we
need to get rid of guns in our society
and then presumably all of our action
movies can be Bruce Lee's style karate
fights that's that's basically what what
all of these things will turn into so
there's a problem with with the
suggestion that the children shall lead
us and that the kids shall lead us it's
it's a different problem even than the
identity politics question of does
victimhood confer expertise and that is
a lot of kids are not all that bright I
mean not and I'm not saying these kids
who are or speaking on TV are bright you
know for their age I'm sure they're very
bright I'm talking about are these kids
yeah our kids in general capable of the
kind of decision-making that adults are
capable of and the answer as a general
rule is no which is why of course we
have legal restrictions on kids buying
cigarettes and kids buying alcohol and
kids buying guns and all the rest of
this sort of thing there's a reason that
16 year olds don't vote now there's a
lot of people have gotten on my case for
saying this because I was writing
syndicated columns at 17 well that's
fine you know I was taking flak at 17
too and there are people saying I was
too young to write columns then and some
of the stuff I wrote I think was dumb I
think if I look back at the stuff that I
wrote when I was 17 I think a lot of
it's good I think some of it's not so
good and I hope that I've matured over a
period of time people generally do but
that's sort of the point when you can
when you grant this this pure virtue to
children to be our political leaders it
doesn't end well so I'm going to show
you some video of it not ending well so
over in Bakersfield yesterday there was
a student protest over guns now why
there should be a student protest over
guns in Bakersfield in the state with
the most gun restrictions in America or
at California where I live has
incredible gun restrictions there's a
protest over in Bakersfield and the kids
of course use this as an excuse to leave
school and basically run roughshod
through the community because let's face
it most of the kids who are getting
involved in this cause are not doing so
because they want the extra credit in
class or because they deeply care about
the issue or know anything about the
issue they're doing it because it's fun
just like most protesters do things
because they are fun okay so here are
some
the kids and notice how the adults
essentially let them have their way
because after all kids are our moral
leaders now this is clip sixteen
hundreds of students took to the streets
to protest gun violence
these students from Stagg high school
were told by officers to disperse the
streets the Stockton School District
says what started out as a peaceful
protest on campus turned rowdy as about
100 of 300 students jumped the fence of
the school some were seen throwing rocks
at cars including police cars like I go
to Delta College so okay yeah those are
the kids who are to lead us those are
the kids who ought to lead us no not
every kid is these kids obviously but
you suggest that children are the wisest
among us yeah no they're not okay I have
two kids
I remember being as young as these kids
when you're 1415 years old you don't
have a lot of and there's not a lot
going on upstairs that prevents you from
doing stupid things is in Stockton not
Bakersfield obviously but when you grant
absolute moral immunity to kids because
they are young you end up with worse
kids one of the worst things that you
can do as a parent is suggest to your
children that they have the absolute
moral immunity to do whatever they want
parenting is about teaching and
cultivating children it is not about
granting children leadership positions
and suggesting that in the absence of
knowledge they are leaders because after
all they're so innocent and the innocent
children among us Shelly I think that's
just absolutely silly now these kids and
their impact is they wouldn't be making
this sort of it would they wouldn't be
as big a phenomenon as they become
except that the media have obviously
magnified their influence to tremendous
tremendous effect and the media are even
worse at this stuff than a lot of the
child advocates are they're members of
the media who legitimately know nothing
about what they're talking about so
we're gonna show you some some members
of the media saying things about guns
that are utterly asinine and then
they're supposed to we're supposed to
leave their experts we're supposed to
believe that these people know what
they're talking about and really really
astonishing so here's Stephanie ruhle on
MSNBC making one of the worst arguments
in history for why we ought to ban
rifles an ar-15 style rifle well that's
a semi-automatic weapon meaning the fire
it fires one round when the
trigger is pulled then automatically
reloads the chamber making it ready to
fire again handguns can also be
semi-automatic but some like revolvers
they're not meeting it can take a lot
longer to fire multiple rounds another
big difference the speed of bullets the
ar-15 can fire bullets between 2,800 and
3,000 feet per second a 9-millimeter
handgun between 700 and 1100 feet per
second so I'm really enjoying the media
doing this routine about the speed of
bullets as though that is the only thing
that matters in terms of the amount of
damage that is done the caliber of the
bullet matters also right the size of
the actual bullet matters and beyond
that if we're going to talk about guns
that are used in the killings of human
beings there's no question that rifles
are the vast minority of guns that are
used in the killing of other human
beings in the United States like 13% of
all murders involving guns involve
rifles 60% involve handguns and then the
rest involve weapons that have not
really been specified
the notion again that we're going to
measure the velocity of the bullets and
that therefore we ought to ban rifles
but not ban handguns it's just silly and
again if you're gonna make the argument
that lawrence O'Donnell made the other
night that a person with a handgun can't
stop somebody with an ar-15 that's again
ridiculous considering that in the
Congressional baseball shooting the guy
apparently had an ar-15 and it was a
person with a handgun who took him down
this happens fairly regularly hey but
it's not just Stephanie ruhle making a
fool of herself and this this one was
making around yesterday local NBC trying
to destroy what the firing of ney are
looks like and how much damage you can
do yeah there's only one problem with
that particular video that is definitely
not an ar-15 right there that is a
shotgun that it's a pump-action shotgun
it's not even a semi-automatic shotgun
it's a pump-action shotgun meaning that
you have to manually chamber the round
so well-done media yes I'm definitely
gonna trust you on what types of guns
ought to be banned when you literally
cannot tell the difference between a
semi-automatic and automatic and a
manual revolver for example when you
can't tell the you can't explain to me
why it is that velocity of a handgun
matters as opposed to velocity of a
rifle all of this is just ridiculous and
then of course
have the the people grandstanding off
the back of this who again know nothing
about guns Whoopi Goldberg yesterday on
the view suggesting that the GOP is
silent about guns because the GOP is
corrupt but does Whoopi Goldberg know
the first thing about guns or how any of
these gun laws would affect anybody did
she know how many ar-15s are in
circulation the answer is at least eight
million in the United States does she
know how many rifles are in circulation
in the United States tens of millions
does she know the answer to how many
guns are in circulation in the United
States or where the crime rates are
highest or which states have the highest
rates of gun violence or how many of the
killings with guns are actually suicides
the answer is 2/3 right does Whoopi
Goldberg know any of that no she just
knows that guns are bad and so she's
gonna rip on the GOP for being silent
about guns she makes I think the dumbest
point of the day yesterday on the view
the repository of many dumb points here
she is you know one that when the
athletes were kneeling every Republican
sort of had something to say and many
have been wondering where they've been
where they stand on this particular okay
and the answer is that all of the
Republicans sounded off on players
kneeling because they thought players
kneeling was wrong they haven't sounds
it off about law-abiding citizens owning
guns because they don't think
law-abiding citizens owning guns is
wrong or bad this is not difficult
there's an actual political reason in
actual values reason why so many
conservatives are not speaking up about
why guns should be confiscated because
we don't think guns should be
confiscated or the sale of them should
be man and again it's amazing to me I've
proposed on this on this program at
least three different measures that we
can all take as a society in order to in
order to push forward against the
scourge of mass shootings and none of
these have been seriously discussed by
the media they would prefer to just
shout guns guns guns ban ban ban
confiscate confiscate confiscate but
none of them actually want to talk about
serious hard proposals the Democrats
apparently have now made a move in the
house they've introduced a piece of
legislation to ban all semi-automatic
rifles of course this is going nowhere
and they know it the reason they're
proposing it is because they want kudos
from a bunch of the people on in the
media they want to campaign on it as
I've said before the Democrats had
control of Congress they had full
control of the Senate meaning 60 votes
in the Senate they had controlled the
house they had controlled the presidency
from 2009 to 2011 did they pass one
single gun reg regulation the answer of
course is no they waited until
Republicans took office and now they get
to grin
and they get to stand there and claim
that's Republicans who are standing
between Americans and safety if those
dastardly Republicans would just get out
of the way then we'd be able to pass
some really good regulations they have
no intention of pushing anything
remotely resembling a good regulation
they just want to posture about all of
this and fortunately they have the media
to do it for them they've the media to
stand there and do it for them now there
are some folks who are actually
mentioning some solutions
you know those folks actually include
the presidents of the United States
so presidents of the United States has
actually put forward a couple of
different proposals I think some of
those proposals are smart I think some
of those proposals are not so smart now
one of the proposals they put out
yesterday was actually you know in good
in our good Trump bad front matrix this
goes in good Trump Trump talked about
mental institutions in the FATA and the
reality that we need to make it more
difficult for people who are a danger to
themselves and others not only to get
guns but also we need to make it easier
for them to get treatment here's Trump
talking about the history of mental
institutions in the country he got a lot
of flack for this yesterday but he's
absolutely correct this is clip number
five you know the old days we had mental
institutions in a lot of them and you
could nab somebody like this because you
know they did they knew he was something
resolved you had to know that people
were calling all over the place you
can't arrest him I guess cuz he hasn't
done anything but you know he's like a
boiler ready to explode right so he's he
just you have to do something but you
can't put him in jail I guess cuz he
hasn't done anything but in the old days
you'd put him into a mental institution
okay this is 100% true it sounds harsh
what Trump is saying what he's saying
here is 100% true eat or evil or Tory is
a is a famous psychologist I've
recommended his books on the program
before he's founder of the treatment
Advocacy Center and his latest book is
American psychosis now the federal
government destroyed the mental illness
treatment system well back in 2013 he
talked about what it was that the
government had done to destroy the
mental health facilities in the country
he talked about how in 1963 John F
Kennedy advised addressed Congress on
mental illness and mental retardation
that was the name of the speech and
proposed a new program under which the
federal government would fund community
mental health centers or CMHC's to take
the place of state mental hospitals the
reason was because he had a younger
sister who had a mental disability and
should be put in a state mental hospital
and it freaked him out
he said the federal government should
take over and instead they should fund
community mental health centers well
over the next 17 years the fens funded
nearly 800 of these with a total of what
would be about 20 billion dollars in
today's dollars and during those same
years the number of patients in state
mental hospitals dropped from five
hundred thousand people to one hundred
and thirty-two thousand people and the
beds were closed down well it turns out
the community mental health centers
right these these local centers funded
by the feds were not interested actually
in taking care of patients who are being
discharged from the state hospitals
meaning the people who are the most
unsafe instead they're focusing on
people with less severe problems people
who were then termed the worried well so
you know the normal person who's taking
an antidepressant now this is what these
sensors focused on so state mental
institutions which were very bad places
were replaced by something even worse
which was nothing and so a lot of these
people ended up on the streets there was
no way to forcibly to forcibly
involuntarily commit somebody it became
very difficult to actually get somebody
who's dangerous to themselves into a
treatment facility right now you have to
provide serious evidence that somebody
is a threat to themselves or others
which means an actual suicide attempt it
means an actual suicide attempt in most
states right you're just acting like
this this shooter acted may not be
enough in some of these states so as a
fuller Tory writes he says meantime
during the years the CMHC's were funded
Medicaid and Medicare were created
modifications were made to the
Supplemental Security income and Social
Security disability insurance programs
none of these programs was originally
intended to become major federal support
for the mentally ill but all now fill
that role the federal takeover of the
mental illness treatment system was
complete and he concludes approximately
half of the mentally ill individuals
discharged from state mental hospitals
many of whom had family support saw at
outpatient treatment and have done well
the other half many of whom lacked
family support and suffered from the
most severe illnesses such as
schizophrenia and bipolar disorder have
done poorly according to multiple
studies untreated mentally ill are
responsible for 10% of all homicides and
a higher percentage of mass killings
constitute 20% of jail and prison
inmates and are at least 30 percent of
the homeless severely mentally ill and
individuals now inundate hospital
emergency rooms
they've colonized libraries parks train
stations and other public spaces this is
not their fault okay and we've spent a
ton of money on it
the total cost on Mental Illness through
all these supplemental programs is 46
billion dollars the total cost for
mentally ill individuals through
Medicaid and Medicare is 60 billion
dollars that 46 billion dollars is just
SSI or SSDI it's a huge increase in what
we are spending and we are not getting
what we paid for and part of that is
because of the social liberals who
decided that it was important to release
people onto the streets as an element of
freedom they all read One Flew Over the
Cuckoo's Nest and decided that the
entire institutional system was Nurse
Ratched that wasn't true it was never
true okay so in a second I'm gonna show
you some stuff that Trump said that was
not as great but four that are gonna
have to go over to Facebook so four is
you're gonna have to leave Facebook and
go and subscribe for $9.99 a month you
get the rest of the show live you also
get to be part of our mailbag which will
be doing on Friday you get to be part of
the conversation or I'll be taking
questions live from you the audience
the people who subscribe also if you
want to subscribe annually now you get
it for you instead of paying 120 bucks a
year you get 100 bucks a year's $99.99
overly 99 bucks a year in order to in
order to get the annual subscription and
you get a tumbler the magical leftist
here's hot or cold tumbler which you get
to enjoy every single day so go and
enjoy that with the subscription or
listen later iTunes SoundCloud please
subscribe to iTunes please lose it leave
us review at iTunes subscribe at YouTube
as well we are the largest fastest
growing conservative podcast in the
nation
okay now with all of that said with
regard to to what President Trump had to
say that was good President Trump also
had some stuff to say that was not good
and this is where you know President
Trump is an unguided missile president
Trump says a lot of stuff what he
actually implements very rarely ends up
being some of the weird ideas that he
puts out there yeah I've learned over
the past year that you ought to pay less
attention to what he says he's gonna do
on policy and more attention to what he
actually does on policy but some of the
stuff that he said yesterday about guns
was less than it was less than edifying
so yesterday he was talking about the
deputy who apparently was armed outside
and did not run into harm's way to try
to save the students he said that he
himself from said he himself would have
would have confronted the shooter you
know I really believe you don't know
until you test it but I think I really
believe I'd run in there even if I
didn't have a weapon and I think most of
the people in this room would have done
that too because I know most of you um
no I'm just gonna put that out there no
no no I don't think most people would
run into the line of fire unarmed
of a guy who had a rifle I think that's
that is really really unlikely I think
the likelihood the president Trump who
does not shall we say have a stellar
record on military matters personally he
you know obviously his bone spurs
prevented him from serving in the
Vietnam War and then he suggested that
his personal Vietnam War was avoiding
STDs during the 1970s I'm gonna go no on
that we can all call him this law
enforcement officer to have done his job
but I think that it's a bit of an
exaggeration to suggest that you
personally are gonna go in there and
save the children by running in there
without a gun that's the whole point you
do need a gun in order to stop a bad guy
with a gun as a general rule and then
Trump follow that up by saying that he's
willing to buck the NRA and consider
some possibilities now is the smart
pasta politics it probably is it's smart
of him he he knows that the NRA folks
are gonna back him no matter what the
NRA has become extraordinarily Pro Trump
in a way that I think is actually not
advantageous to them politically I think
the NRA
ought to remain a bipartisan coalition
of gun owners I think the fact that
they've gone so hard Pro Trump is a
mistake at alienates a lot of people but
Trump he's saying something smart
politically but probably dumb in terms
of policy saying that he's gonna buck
the NRA and consider some measures that
they may not want to
consider about the NRA they're on our
side you guys have for you are so afraid
of the NRA there's nothing to be afraid
of and you know what if then our with
you we have to fight him every once in a
while that's okay they're doing what
they think is right I will tell you they
are doing what they think is right but
sometimes we're gonna have to be very
tough and we're gonna have to fight him
but we need strong background checks for
a long period of time people resisted
that but now people I think are really
into it and John Cornyn great guy
senator Mitch McConnell Paul Ryan and
Kevin McCarthy hopefully are gonna work
on some legislation I hope you guys they
started already in fact John has
legislation in we're going to strengthen
it we're gonna make it more pertinent to
what we're discussing
but he's already started the process
we've already started so we'll find out
what comes he out here but Trump
obviously want to makes it and wants to
make some inroads by by pushing the NRA
a little bit off to the side um do I
think that that's wise you know
politically probably is wise in terms of
policy we'll have to see what actually
comes out now in terms of people who are
hypocrites this is just breaking news
from The Huffington Post is an amazing
thing on the morning after the October
1st mass shooting in Las Vegas a member
of the Democratic Congressional Campaign
Committee z' press staff Warren house
candidates and their staffs not to
politicize the shooting that day
politicization according to the DCCC
official included talking about gun
violence prevention policy he says you
and your candidate will be
understandably outraged and upset as
will your community however do not
politicize it today there will be a time
for politics and policy discussion but
any message today should be on offering
thoughts and prayers for victims and
their families and thanking first
responders who saved lives so this of
course would be wise politics but the
Democrats have run screaming from this
the guy who wrote it was Evan Luc ASCII
Luc ASCII is is one of the he's the GCC
regional press secretary I guess and
people are very angry at him in the
Democratic Party for having said this
but look even there's even a bunch of
people who are gun control advocates are
now saying there's not a whole hell of a
lot that we can do in order to stop
these mass shootings we're not going to
call for actual bans on semi-automatic
weapons again showing the hypocrisy of
all the folks on the Left who are
virtually signalling speaking of the
virtues signaling there's now been a
call to to boycott FedEx there's been a
call to boycott Amazon
because you can buy NRA products on
Amazon that boycott has been called for
I believe Thursday so that would be a
good time to buy from Amazon folks if
you want to go and buy something now is
the time to buy it on Amazon demonstrate
that you stand with companies that are
not going to close off alternative
political viewpoints out of political
convenience and expediency so check that
out buy something from Amazon now and
Amazon Prime on Thursday I love Amazon
I'd be very upset with them were they to
to try and disassociate politically from
from Second Amendment advocates just
because the media would like them to
okay time for a couple of things that I
like and then some things that I hate so
first a couple of things that I like
yeah I've been writing this book on
philosophy it is not the easiest book to
write because a lot of deep thinking and
that means that I have to listen to deep
music well I well I do this that's how
pretentious I am I'm so pretentious that
when somebody tweeted out today what are
the what album has the three best songs
in a row on it I tweeted out three
separate numbers from bezees Carmen yeah
that's how much of a douche I'm in any
case the what I recommend today is a
Brahms string quintet number one which
is just a lovely piece of music I've
gotten very into listening to Brahms
while I work just wonderful stuff here's
Brahma string quintet number one
I don't want to do the rest of the show
now I just want to listen to this Brahms
is fantastic a couple of other favorites
that I've been listening to recently
Brahms Piano Quartet number one is
fantastic his his piano trios are all
terrific and really really romantic and
melodic so check those out there they're
really a blast to listen to and they're
very relaxing as well okay other things
that I likes I like so I wanted to play
this yesterday and I did not have a
chance it is the best piece of audio
ever so Michael Wolfe the author of fire
in theory a charlatan a conman a guy who
went into the White House and basically
just wrote down all of Steve bannon's
pathetic musings and then turned it into
a book about how everybody in the Trump
White House was incompetent and stupid
and all the rest of us
so Michael Wolfe was on Australian Today
Show and he was asked some pretty
specific questions about you say no
reason was the BBC I'm trying member
where where this was in any case he was
asked specifically it was it was
London's Today Show rather he was asked
specifically about whether he had any
evidence to the effect that Donald Trump
was having an affair which he had
implied he'd suggested that nikki Haley
was having an affair with Trump which of
course is absolute bunk there's no
evidence to support it whatsoever and
Wolff has been implying it anyway well
wolf is asked specific questions watch
as he pretends he can't hear the audio
but notice something weird about this
okay he only says that he can't hear the
audio everytime the person asks him if
he can hear the audio so pretty
astonishing stuff here it is Michael
wolf doing his dishonest routine you see
during a TV interview just last month
that you are absolutely sure that Donald
Trump is currently having an affair
while president behind the back of the
first lady and I repeat you said you
were yeah again last week however you
backflipped instead i quote i do not
know if the president is having an
affair do you owe the president and the
first lady an apology mr. wolf I can't
hear you
hello last month you said you were
absolutely sure that the president was
having an affair
I'm not getting I'm not getting anything
you're not hearing me mr. wolf I'm not
getting anything
do you do here I'm not I'm not hearing
anything I'm not hearing anything and
then he just gets up and leaves the
interviews he doesn't even wait to see
if the if the audio is gonna come back
in because it didn't go out in the first
place so Michael will remember this was
the person that the media were fawning
over this was the great genius who had
uncovered the truth behind the facade of
the Trump administration oh my goodness
what other stupidity just just grand
watching Michael wolf and flood like
that so well done and Michael Wolf and
we've got to do something about the
spate of earpieces that don't work
apparently and whether it's Trump with
Jake Tapper or whether it is Michael
Wolf when you hear a question you don't
like suddenly the earpiece just bugs out
very weird very weird stuff okay time
for a couple of things that I hate okay
so thing number one that I hate there's
a the the NCAA has been under severe
attack because the NCAA does have a
couple of stupid rules some of these
stupid rules include that if you are in
college and playing for a college
basketball team on scholarship so let's
say that you're getting a scholarship
that's worth 45 grand a year that this
somehow compensates you for the use of
your name and the NCAA can use your name
on its jerseys they can sell those
jerseys they can make millions of
dollars off of you and you have been
fairly compensated with your forty five
grand
this is absolutely asinine I've always
thought the NCAA policy here was gross
the same thing is true one-and-done I
think the one and done rule in college
is ridiculous
I think you should be allowed to go
directly to the NBA if you want to go to
the NBA Kobe Bryant did it LeBron James
could do it they've been a bunch of
people who tried it and failed that's
okay that's your prerogative there is no
one in done role in baseball by the way
you can go directly from high school to
the minor leagues with no stop in
between the one-and-done rule is
particularly stupid because all of these
kids who are going to college for a year
are not suddenly deciding to stick
around and pursue their business
economics degree they're not sticking
around because they really want to go
into all these kids who are going to
play at Kentucky on scholarship they're
they're not actually going there because
they are deeply invested in getting
their neuroscience degree they're going
there because they know they have to
play there for a year before they can be
drafted by the NBA which is why John
Calipari has been making a pretty solid
living for years and years and years by
simply recruiting four or five guys will
be there for a year renting them for a
year and then sending them on to the NBA
well that policy is really stupid what
that policy is not is racist what that
policy is it's a way for the NBA to
prevent a glut of younger players who
don't know what they're doing and it's a
way for the n-c-double-a to make a lot
of money
hey this is greed not racism it's not
the same thing
hey well the Stan Van Gundy though says
that one-and-done is racist again I
don't think it's racist I've said before
that I have that it is weird to me that
somehow baseball has never made this
rule but the NBA has again I don't think
that has to do with race so much as it
has to do with the minor leagues there
there is a minor league that exists in
baseball that does not exist in
basketball right there's a d-league but
that's that's a new creation
essentially the minor leagues our job
and people work in the minor leagues for
10 years nobody's in the d-league for 10
years in any case here's Stan Van Gundy
suggesting that one-and-done itself is a
racist policy the people that were
against them coming out made a lot of
excuses but I think a lot of it was
racist quite honestly and the reason I'm
going to say that is nobody I've never
heard anybody like go up in arms about
oh my god they're letting these kids
come out and go play minor league
baseball or they're letting these kids
come out and go play minor league hockey
they're not making big money
in their white kids primarily and nobody
has a problem but all of a sudden now
you've got a black kid it wants to come
out of high school and make millions
that's a bad decision but bypass in
college to go play for 800 a month in
minor-league baseball
that's a fine decision what the hell was
going on the NCAA is one of the worst
organizations may be the worst
organization in sports and so I agree
with his critique on the n-c-double-a I
don't agree with his critique with
regard to with regard to the race issue
again using race as a proxy for bad
decision-making I think is kind of
stupid and I totally agree with his
entire critique of the n-c-double-a I
think the n-c-double-a is ridiculous I
think that you have to when you see
people selling shoes for a little bit of
extra money and suddenly this is some
sort of terrible thing it's just it's
just stupid all the way through so you
know that that is something I would like
to see and I'd like to see the NCAA
change its policy pretty radically
Eric Dickerson said the same thing he
said this is slavery it's not slavery
it's not remotely resembling slavery
slavery is when people are owned in
their and their labor is owned it is not
when you voluntarily give up your labor
in order so that you can get a college
scholarship and then have a shot at the
NBA so let's not go overboard here okay
so tomorrow we will be broadcasting from
Nebraska where we will be preparing to
speak at Creighton I'm really looking
forward to it and I'm going to do that
that speech I think I've decided I'm
gonna do a full on policy speech about
guns I'm going to explain why what gun
rights are where they come from
Lord cotton policies work what gun
policies do not we'll take it on from a
statistical level a moral level a
constitutional level so that will be a
full-on examination of the issue I'm
looking forward to giving a creighton
tomorrow night if you're going to that I
look forward to seeing you there if not
you should be able to watch it online we
will be back here tomorrow with more i'm
ben shapiro this is ben shapiro show
the Ben Shapiro show is produced by
Mathis Glover executive producer Jeremy
boring senior producer Jonathan hey our
technical producer is Austin Stevens
edited by Alec singhara audio is mixed
by Mike Carmina hair and makeup is by
Joshua Oliveira the Ben Shapiro show is
a daily wire for word publishing
production copyright for publishing 2018
