so Billy Graham is dead the Evangelic
ole preacher he was 99 years old so a
lot of you probably only know him as you
know an old guy who would occasionally
come out of the shadows and and say
something or people would talk about him
but when I was a kid he was eight he was
like the Pope of America
he was like a fixture on television he
knew all the presidents he was on talk
shows and if he made a comment about the
news it was news I mean he was that kind
of important person out in my family
which was a family of liberal East Coast
Jews I think we always looked at him as
a little bit threatening he was that
part of America that was different from
us and maybe excluded us and maybe was
not welcoming to us my father I wrote
about this in my memoir the great good
thing that my father was a GI during
World War two and the news of the
Holocaust the news that six million Jews
had been exterminated in this kind of
mechanistic way scarred him for life it
scarred my father for life he was
paranoid and anything that he saw in
politics he was a liberal in anything he
saw it was conservative that was
religious that was overly patriotic he
immediately thought that the Holocaust
was coming again and I don't mean that
it wasn't like like you know liberals
now oh you're literally Hitler he
literally thought it was Hitler you know
so I mean when he would see a character
like Billy Graham preaching the gospel
talking to presidents talking about
Jesus Jesus Jesus he just found it very
very threatening and that was kind of
the atmosphere in my house it took me a
long time to realize how entirely nuts
this was and to understand that in many
ways it was people like Billy Graham who
kept this country sane it was people
like him who brought it back to itself
who reminded it where it came from you
know of of what the underlying ethos of
our country was he is the guy that the
right that the left he usually hated and
yet and yet even people like Dan Rather
said when they went to investigate him
as an investigative reporter and then
they heard him preach they would all
they almost came to Jesus they almost
came down and and gave themselves to the
Lord and and I think that he you know
when I get a letter as I occasionally do
that says something that I said or that
maybe my memoir helped someone find God
in his life that's probably the the
letter that makes me feel best because
it's not like oh I enjoyed your show
it's not like oh I enjoyed your novel
it's like an eternal win you know it's
like an infinite infinite win and I
always joke that if I have enough of
those when I get to heaven not only will
they let me to have them but they'll
give me a toaster you know that you can
get an extra little bonus but thousands
upon thousands of thousands of people
I'm going to tell them a little bit
about that all week long we've been
talking about what I think are fake
crises this gun crisis the school
shooting crisis it's not that that's not
a tragedy it's not like it's not a
terrible thing but a crisis or something
different a crisis is something that if
you don't get on it if you don't stop it
right away it's going to lead to a
disaster that's what a crisis is a
crisis is something that if you don't
turn it around it's gonna lead to a
disaster I do not think guns are crisis
in this country and I certainly don't
think the Russian trolling of our
election was a crisis we've been talking
about crisis after crisis that doesn't
exist it is simply a tool that the media
which is the left is using to take your
rights away to get gain more power in
the case of the guns it's to take your
god-given right to defend yourself away
in the case of the Russians is to D
legitimize Donald Trump who they hate
but but there actually is a crisis in
this country that's real and I think the
passing of Billy Graham gives us good
reasons good pretext to talk about that
real crisis trigger warning
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show
