I look at the news and what do I see but
Michael Moore colluded with Russia after
18 months of Democrats telling us the
Donald Trump colluded with Russia
colluded with Russia we now find out
that actually it was the Democrats who I
guess sort of colluded with Russia and
really nobody technically colluded with
Russia so I should I should take that
back about Michael Moore technically he
didn't collude I guess
the indictments last week the Malheur
indictments showed us that there were a
lot of Russians in the United States
masquerading as Americans so they might
have said okay we've got this dirt on
Trump or this dirt on Hillary and the
people talking to them would have
thought that those were Americans they
might have talked to campaign volunteers
they might have been on Facebook buying
advertising or whatever but ironically
one of the big news stories that came
out of the indictments last week is that
apparently nobody actually colluded with
Russia they just talked to people who
they thought were Americans now this is
this would not be the same by the way
for someone like Democrat congressman
Adam Schiff who thought that he was
talking to the Russians about
compromising things from Donald Trump
thought that he was talking to the
Ukrainians but he wasn't really that was
just a big hoax so actually that would
be collusion even though there was
nothing there and with the Russians even
though there might have been something
there that isn't collusion now there's a
lot of collusion we've known on the
American right that for a long time that
this story was total nonsense
Van Jones also admitted that and called
it a nothing burger Democrat Senator
Dianne Feinstein also knew that she
admitted we don't have any evidence for
Trump colluding with Russia
none of this though should surprise us
whatsoever that the American left has
been duped by the Russians or has been
working alongside the Russians because
American lefties have allowed themselves
to be used by Russia for a very very
long time in the case of more more
attended an anti Trump rally organized
by Russians just days after the 2016
election and this was apparently part of
the strategy Russia has been interfering
in our elections for a very long time
since the Russian Revolution in the
early 20th century and I suppose this
year was no different so they appear to
have run ads for candidates like Donald
Trump or say Bernie Sanders and then
after President Trump won they started
pushing these rallies
for Hillary Clinton and for saying that
Donald Trump is not my president they
actually held one on November 12th that
was explicitly called Trump is not my
president more attendant it he posted on
Facebook quote at today's Trump Tower
protest he couldn't come down he
wouldn't come down here's my facebook
live coverage so he was broadcasting
from the event he was a central figure
there that said Michael Moore tends to
be a central figure wherever he goes
