demagogic leftists have wasted no time
in pouncing on the horrific massacre in
Florida to demonize conservatives while
offering not one single solution that
would have prevented the violence
lefties insist we need to ban guns
conservatives say we need to lock up
lunatics we will analyze the nuts and
bolts of the gun control debate point by
hollow point then our youth culture
correspondent Andy millennial joins the
show to give a young person's
perspective on the violence policy
proposals and the future of conservatism
broadly finally the mailbag I'm Michael
Nolan this is the Michael Knowles show
the the demagogic left is especially
awful on these issues that's the mean
we've people have read the facts of the
case I think Ben was talking about the
facts of this awful shooting earlier
today I'll talk a little bit more about
the reaction the former congressman joe
walsh pointed out that a semi-automatic
weapon means one pull of the trigger and
one bullet comes out that's what a
semi-auto is nobody knows what these
means because they're all these
euphemisms flying around assault weapons
which was a term that was just invented
to demagogue and compare regular
semi-automatic rifles which have been
around for a very long time two assault
rifles where there's an automatic weapon
so he said he pointed out that it's he's
not just firing a machine gun it's one
trigger pull one bullet comes out some
dummy on Twitter responds he says
defending an ar-15 while 17 children lay
dead you're part of the problem sir and
and this is the really awful thing about
this because we are accused if we look
at this awful shooting the left would
like to pretend that gun gun rights
people people who support the Second
Amendment or thrilled at these shootings
we say oh this is oh how wonderful Oh
teehee lovey w/e but of course that
isn't the case and to accuse us of not
taking this seriously they're they are
projecting because it is exactly the
left that does not take this seriously
they say there's this awful problem we
say right here are the facts of the
problem how can we fix it and they say
how dare you talk about the facts how
dare you observe the reality of these
guns and the reality of these gun
control laws how do you are you're a
heartless you're a monster you're part
of the problem they are the problem the
left the left play is a huge part of the
problem in this issue because they won't
have a serious conversation about the
actual mechanics of gun control of
firearms of mental health in the country
they're the ones stopping that
conversation by shouting down anybody
who's willing to point out simple facts
such as a semi-automatic rifle is a
rifle where you pull the trigger once
and one bullet comes out so the FBI and
the local authorities clearly failed to
stop this threat despite knowing about
it
that is all irrelevant to CNN though you
know we know that government
bureaucracies are never going to get
better at these sorts of things so we
can't rely on that the
the government was supposed to enforce
some some threats that they got they
they were they were aware of this there
were laws on the books that probably
could have used but and they just didn't
do it but that's the nature of
bureaucracies we will get to some gun
control numbers in a second here is CNN
CNN which was there on the scene to
demagogue the situation
through do you have a message for the
lawmakers do you have a message for
Congress for the president my message to
lawmakers in Congress is please take
action ideas are great ideas are
wonderful and they help you get
reelected and everything but what's more
important is actual action and pertinent
action that results in saving thousands
of children's lives please take action
do you have a sense of what kind of
action that would be any any action at
this point instead of just complete
stagnancy and blaming the other side of
the political aisle would be a step in
the right direction and working together
to save these children's lives is what
this country needs so that that is David
hog he survived the shooting and I'm not
criticizing him for this statement he
says some shaken up eighteen-year-old
presumably who just saw people get shot
so I'm not criticizing him for this
statement I will point out what he said
it means absolutely nothing right he
said that we need action and CNN was
waiting for him to you know to say
please what kind of action assault
weapons ban this ban that man that ban
but he didn't he didn't even go that for
he said we just need some action but
then he said ideas are good but really
we need action and he was just saying
words that sort of sounded like they
mean something but obviously they don't
I'm criticizing CNN because they went
down there they put this kid on
television and they want to make a big
splash out of it you know these cute
little kids who are who are saying we
need to do this and it's this awful
awful event and they want to tug on our
heart strings to make us pass more laws
to take away guns from lawful gun owners
even though none of those laws would do
a thing to prevent shootings like this
the media Research Center reviewed the
big networks ABC CBS NBC they review
their gun coverage from 2012 to 2013
they found 216 stories on guns it's
skewed 8 to 1 to advocate Barack Obama's
gun control policies at that time Barack
Obama was pushing a slew of gun control
legislation eight to one they favored
his legislation gun control advocates
appeared 20
six times compared to just seven times
for constitutional activists and Second
Amendment advocates CBS the network of
Cronkite and rather ran anti-gun stories
at a rate of twenty two to one twenty
two to one not just the way it is those
are just the facts at CBS and it wasn't
just the big networks here is a typical
example of CNN's coverage of the Second
Amendment not everyone in Colorado wants
more guns in the hands of its own people
State Representative Rhonda fields is
one of them
this is a quote coming from an employee
at a gun shop he said a lot of people
are saying I didn't think I needed a gun
but now I do
representative fields if this person was
sitting right there next to you what
would you tell him I have to challenge
you why hasn't your party the Democratic
Party done more to legislate guns
because as you know that assault weapons
ban expired in 2004
Wow really hard-hitting really really
powerful questions really holding
keeping a truth put-putting truth to
power because CNN just exists to tee up
these little softballs for Democrats to
make their points that are basically
irrelevant to the debate let's go
through the nuts and bolts of what can
be done about gun control and trying to
stop these shootings let's start with
the bolts the facts that pertain to the
guns themselves there are 20,000 gun
control laws on the books Brookings
Institution the left-leaning think-tank
disputes this because they modify and
they say there aren't 20,000 relevant
laws but that neglects all of the local
laws and all of the local regulations a
solid estimate it's hard to tell us
there were so many gun laws on the books
but a very solid estimate would be
20,000 and there may be many more than
that that number by the way has been
accepted for 50 years until recently
because people don't want to believe
that there were 20,000 gun laws on the
books and they're still not stopping
these incidents that we see on CNN a
Democrat representative John Dingell
explained as early as 1965 quote we now
have on the law books of this nation
20,000 laws governing the sale
distribution and use of firearms by the
way interesting to note 1965 was three
years before the Gun Control Act of 1968
which was spurred by the deaths of RFK
and Martin Luther King this was three
years before that we had 20,000 laws on
the books as for the semi-automatic
rifle they say because they always go
after the ar-15 because it looks it's
it's big and black and scary is basic
quite the TV goes after it it's an easy
target even though it's it isn't like
these sort of blacks terrifying machine
guns that we see and automatic or fully
automatic rifles that we see in war
zones it isn't like that at all AR does
not stand for assault rifle it stands
for arm align the company that makes it
even on that if they want to ban
semi-automatic rifles you know one pole
one bullet the semi-automatic rifle has
existed since 1885 this wasn't invented
in 1970 it was an invent in 1960 was
invented 1990 it's it's been around for
well over a century and if we're going
to remove that we might as well go back
to the musket I suppose is that going
that's going to be the next golf in them
another thing to notice mass shootings
are not getting more frequent so the
murder rate in 2011 was almost exactly
the same as the murder as I'm sorry the
raw number of murders in 2011 was almost
exactly the same as the raw number of
murders in 1969 but since we've added
110 million more Americans since then
the murder rate in 1969 was about 55
percent higher than it is today
overall the murder rate is declining
precipitously so that gets to the point
here we will never eradicate these
crimes because the imagination of man's
heart is evil from the beginning it is
easy for left utopians to believe that
eventually we can perfect human nature
and stop war and stop violence but it
ain't going to happen as long as human
beings are around we've never seen any
example of it in the history of the
world nothing about nothing we know from
philosophy or history or biology
suggests that will ever be the case
there's also no evidence that the
expiration of the assault weapons ban in
2004 has affected gun violence
whatsoever even Politico reports this
all available evidence shows gun laws
will not significantly affect incidence
or severity of mass shootings other
studies show that large-capacity
magazine bans as have been advocated in
recent years in my own home state of New
York concealed carry laws have had a
little to no effect on mass shootings
one way or the other doesn't move the
needle according to the FBI in 2011 you
know I can't believe we have to rehearse
all of these numbers but now it's
considered a hateful and uncaring and
uncompassionate
to you
even point out these numbers or name any
facts when it comes to the debate
because unless you have a quivering lip
you're not considered an authority and
not credible to talk on this topic
according to the FBI in 2011 three
hundred twenty three people were killed
by rifles of any type bolt-action
semi-automatic the dreaded ar-15 four
hundred ninety six people were killed by
clubs or hammers that same year seven
hundred twenty six people were killed by
hands or feet that year twice as many as
were killed by any kind of rifle
including assault weapons so-called
assault weapons and sixteen hundred
ninety four people were murdered with
knives over five times as many people as
were killed by rifles rifles of any kind
including the ar-15 including the dready
dreaded semi-automatic rifle that's
existed since 1885 far and away the
biggest killer was handguns at sixty two
hundred twenty deaths though 60% of
those deaths were suicides mostly among
middle-aged men that's the bolts of this
gun control argument Marco Rubio pointed
this out a few years ago even the
washington post even politifact said it
was true none of these laws that
Democrats are throwing out vaguely
throwing out or specifically throwing
out and calling Republicans
uncompassionate monsters for not taking
them up none of those laws not a single
one of those laws would have prevented
any of these shootings that we've seen
that are so horrific on television we
have to get to the nuts side of this
equation but before we get to that we
have we have got to talk about something
a little bit nicer than this topic of
the day something that is will certainly
improve health that is Omax three
ultra-pure supplements it's kind of like
no we're talking about nuts you know
nuts are good for your health Oh Maax 3
is very good too
taking care of your health as a
commitment and that can feel
overwhelming that's why I've been loving
Omax 3 ultra pure supplements that is
Omax 3 you just need to do one little
thing to experience big health benefits
and you don't even have to think about
it so you know we're always talking
about ways to be healthier happier on
this show have a more fulfilling life
and not be so angry and in the news
cycle all the time so when tons of
studies have shown that something
improves your health we have got to talk
about it and you've probably heard about
the many benefits of getting your daily
dose of Omega
Riis people have noted this for decades
and decades now I want to talk about the
purest way to get them with Oh max three
ultra-pure if you're gonna do something
why not do it right
Oh max three is the purest omega-3
supplement on the on the market and it
contains nearly 94% of high quality
Omega threes there's this really cool
thing you can look it up online they do
something called the freezer test
because everyone sells Omega threes
these are very common supplements a lot
of people take them if you put them in
the freezer the generic whatever brand
and then Oh max Oh max ultra pure mx3
ultra pure supplements when you take
them out of the freezer you'll notice
that the Oh max supplements look fine
they look exactly like they did when you
put them in and the other ones get all
cloudy and disgusting that is because
they're they're so pure it's the purest
concentration on the market that that is
how pure it is so they're amazing at
alleviating joint pain muscle soreness
they make you feel your best
post-workout I obviously don't know
anything about how one feels
post-workout but they make you feel good
even if you don't do that they can also
improve focus and memory boost
cardiovascular health and more I just
make sense to take your daily omega-3
supplement there are no fish burps this
is something people complain about with
Omega threes is that they let they'll
get something called fish burps there
are many on the market this is the
purest most concentrated one so you
don't have to worry about that and they
even have a 60-day money-back guarantee
so you'll have plenty of time to try it
and really feel the Oh max a difference
if I ever led you wrong I don't know
maybe I don't answer that question I'm
not leading you wrong on this go to try
Oh max calm slash cough fa ce o-- v fe f
e today to get a box of Oh max 3 ultra
pure for free what are you waiting for I
don't say I never did anything for you
it's absolutely free and by the way
speaking of that code it does pair very
well with cough fa so if you not have a
nice piping hot glass of cough fa and
some o max 3 it's guaranteed to boost
your help try Oh max that is try Oh max
calm slash cough fa co v fe fe get your
free box of o max 3 try o max calm slash
cough fa terms and conditions apply
don't they always in this life okay on
the nuts side of this
it is now virtually impossible to commit
someone against his will to a mental
institution all states now require that
you prove clear and convincing evidence
that someone is imminently dangerous to
themselves or others imminent means 1224
- for 72 hours they're gonna commit some
awful thing in 24 to 72 hours you may be
can commit them otherwise you can't
people blame Ronald Reagan for this it
actually was under way long before he
arrived on the scene though he was
active in politics while these
institutions closed there were thirty
seven thousand five hundred mental
patients in California in 1959 that was
before the Gipper Reagan entered in 1967
by that time the number was already down
to 22,000 it continued to decline and
kept dropping for years this is in part
because we had new drugs that would be
able to hopefully cure people and not
have them be faced there and there were
also reports that these institutions
weren't very nice clearly this kid
should have been institutionalized I
won't even use his name he's a little
demon from Florida I won't use his name
he clearly should have been
institutionalized when he was a little
kid he used to kill animals he posted on
social media that he wanted to shoot up
a school he was reported to the local
authorities and to the FBI for saying
these sorts of things being being an
all-around weirdo his recently deceased
mother apparently reported him to the
police
sat down with the police and her son and
discussed what a deranged monster he is
so there why aren't they talking about
this because it's harder for Democrats
to argue for institutions because that
might be a partial solution to this
problem it's much harder to say well we
need to lock up lunatics so they have to
keep demagoguing the gun control
arguments that we know for certain we
know with as much certainty as we can in
public policy that they won't achieve
anything because they the only reason
they're doing this is because they
occasionally help Democrats achieve the
only thing that really care about on
this issue raising money and and winning
reelection speaking of kids who should
be institutionalized we are so lucky
that we have our youth culture
correspondent here Andy millennial Andy
thank you so much for coming I really
appreciate it it's good to be here yeah
so I was I was wondering we're talking
about this shooting what is your take on
on this horrific shooting as a
millennial you know as a millennial I
have to say that this was a pretty good
mask
for me you know I got some pictures on
my cell phone it put them up on YouTube
and they got over a hundred thousand
hits and then I even did a piece on you
know hit on CNN which I thought was one
of my better hits about how upset I
wasn't how much I wanted gun control and
I was well I was going to you know I
also put some pictures of myself crying
you know cuz I was very upset about it
my pictures of crying got a lot of likes
on so I think people are really moved by
my tears on on Instagram I think that
really so so as mass murders but I think
I did pretty well it's a view considered
Andy looking into an internship at CNN
you know I
that's kind of my next step I think I
think if I you know when you put the
crying together with the gun control you
basically a CNN anchor I will say in in
every one of your appearances on this
show your ability to make your lip
quiver has been really impressive really
good that's what I bring to the
conversation you know I was afraid I was
actually gonna bite into this yeah I
love that we just had Tide Pods around
in general I don't know what the
animators are getting up to in the back
there and the producers is I've got to
send you there are videos of people on
the internet just chomping down into
these just detergent pouring out of
their mouths we should we should say
that we're not making fun of course of
any of this terrible thing that happened
but it is insane what they do on TV it's
awful it's actually I I I have no
compunction about doing that sort of
thing whatsoever because it is so
despicable with CNN doesn't ease in
these events they trot them out like
these awful shootings they trot them out
like the perfect little circus to push
their ridiculous policies I mean and at
the core of this there are people
genuinely suffering you know I mean that
it's a genuine atrocity and then it kind
of goes out of radiates out and by the
time it gets to CNN and to the network's
do because they do it too it's just
they're just using these tears yeah you
know as a kind of magic potion to sell
their stupid gun and they're using the
tears to shut other people other they're
using those tears to make us look
uncompassionate that's because we want
to look at the actual facts of the
situation and try to do anything that
might help the funny the funny
thing is I mean funny strange is that
really if you looked at it rightly
liberals leftists and right-wingers
could stand together and weep over what
actually is happening and then go to
their corners and argue about what to do
and that would be the fair way to do it
but that because their ideas don't make
any sense and because the facts keep
contradict to him
they just have to carry those tears on
and when we say let's wait until the
emotions pass they're going how long
must we wait you know that's not wait
last time they were screaming yeah like
wait that we deem itself was wrong you
know being reasonable itself was wrong
thoughts and prayers and waiting are
wrong I know and this and CNN has now
become like a tear fest it really is
like being in a sorority where like
these people going to all they do is cry
well it's very funny because in my
living room it's also a tear fest when
we watch CNN just tears of laughter and
joy oh and then we keep them on do you
think because you're right they say that
we can't wait we can't we can't have
thoughts we can't of course they can't
we can't think we can't mourn even
together is it is it a weird twitch of
materialism of their thinking that
thoughts and prayers are our actually
meaningless oh yeah but obviously that
has to play in with and is there is
there some aspect of this that is just
they don't actually care about the event
itself they just they're so frenzied and
scoring points that they don't even see
the tragedy they just jump to score the
point I'm using it seems to me to be I
think I won't say that they don't care
it seems to me a confusion of their
feelings with their thoughts like we
really have lost the idea you know it's
the Aristotelian idea that your inner
state is important your pleasures and
your joy your you Daniel Moni or
whatever the you an ammonia thank you
only you would know that that's the only
great words now that it's important but
it has to be trained to attach itself to
reason and what they've lost that little
part of it so that what they think is
they think because they're upset it
matters it matters that they're upset
and it doesn't I mean it's the same way
that those college kids think I'm
offended by that my feeling is you know
get to get some harder feeling it yeah
yeah you need to build up those feelings
of calories this is the sale from the
left is that your everything is about
your feelings
you know think I think that's basically
it it's not that they don't care it's
that they think that the fact that they
care gives them some moral high ground
and it doesn't we all care you all care
of course we do you know nobody wants to
see this happen but that doesn't mean
you're right you know what I think is
like I'll get us in more trouble for
making this analogy there are a lot of
sketches on the internet that go around
about this problem yeah you know when
you come back and your girlfriend has
had a hard day she's really upset
there's some problem she's and she's
upset he said what's the problem and
then your girlfriend tells you what the
problem is and then you say okay well I
think the way you can fix it is this
this and this justice I don't want you
to fix it I just want you to be sad with
me you say but I'm all I'm trying to
dare you try to that's what CNN is doing
that's what the mainstream media do on
these quite of issues we say okay we'd
like to fix it we'd like to help you fix
it you know it really is womanish you
know I use the word womanish because
it's actually the opposite so phenomenal
or it's a great word it's the opposite
of womanly it is too womanly what like
macho is two men Ryan a child issues a
child why that's exactly right you know
it is woman is like having a woman who
thinks who cries so that you're willing
to do anything to just to get her to
stop crying and that's what they think
we're going to do it right yeah after a
while guys that's right is it gonna
happen not gonna happen is I'm gonna
happen CNN yeah where do you sit you
know I was down so that takes us through
this topic what I want to know I was
debt you know I was down Palm Beach at
the coudair Institute we were doing this
panel a couple days ago on the future of
American conservatism and we've got this
awful future of mainstream media maybe
but it was me it was Ramesh Ponnuru
Norum National Review great guy and Mike
Frank from Hoover and Alfa Lindbergh who
wrote the Buckley biography and I think
I was the only Kofi Fay advocate on the
Riano
I was the only well of the National
Review crowd National Review doesn't
exactly love El Presidente
I was certainly the most Oh vocally
pleased with this administration yeah
what is the future of American
conservatism in the age of Trump well
it's a it's a really good question
because Trump is important at least in
in two very specific ways I mean one is
the fact that he has shattered I I think
that this is the thing that all these
never Trump errs and the intellectual
anti Trump errs do not understand he has
shattered this
glass bubble that has surrounded
conservatism for 30 years 40 years I
mean this idea that there are things you
can't say that they're ideas you can't
introduce I'm crying so don't say guns
are good he shattered that if only
because he's too boorish in some ways
they pay any attention to it he's not
sensitive and this is something the the
slavery of political correctness has is
something that drives people crazy and
it pushes them it's so far to the right
they go off the reservation it makes
people overreact and you know when you
look at Europe where people are can
literally be harassed by the police for
criticizing Islam or for saying certain
things that are considered hateful you
know it means that the elite of free to
do whatever they want without us saying
you're wrong you just I'm sorry I may
wash cars for a living you may have a
PhD but you're wrong and I write so
Trump has been really important and in
that way he has been almost a totally a
good thing the other way is this push
toward what they call populism and I'm
not sure that's the right word for it
because what what he has done is he has
reconnected the Republican Party to that
base that used to be part part of
Reagan's party it actually used to be
Democrats they were - Reagan Democrat
they were Reagan that yeah and and he
has reconnected to them and we we lose
touch with them it's funny because you
and I are probably people who wouldn't
lose touch with them because we are you
know theoretical we think and in Tulane
some and sometimes people are going yeah
but I can't feed my kids what do I do
here tryin to have some intellectual
conservative saying well you know this
is wrong and that's wrong you got to
answer the question first am I going to
lose my job am I going to how deeply has
he read Tocqueville I know I know that
he's gonna reform your taxes and create
jobs and growth
but how deeply he has here is droughts
and Tocqueville is right so you have to
come up with other kinds of answers
Trump has been bad for conservatism in
that way and in a certain way because he
does not care yeah he doesn't care that
we need to reform entitlements and and
you know the the arguments were forming
type entitlements are simple people live
longer yeah you know you can't it used
to be that you collected at 65 but you
died at 63 it doesn't cost as much
as when your total acting at 80 so I
think that this is the part of Trump
that we have to deal with it's not the
tweets it's not the rudeness those are
things that actually are working in our
favor yeah it is this spending and the
the fact that he never even though in
the old days used to talk about debt you
know didn't run on that and he doesn't
seem to care and that is something we're
gonna have to confront at some point
because you do go off the cliff I do
wonder this is really maybe the
optimistic side here is I wonder if he
could be a Nixon in China when it comes
to entitlements because he signaled it a
few months ago I felt I thought that he
was using the phrase welfare reform to
hint at entitlement reform because these
are welfare programs
I thought Rubio and Ryan started to move
in that direction we don't know he said
I'm not going to touch Social Security
but when it comes to the big spending
the big spending sit and spend sends
shivers up my spine but if he's going to
spend a little more domestically on
whatever programs he's gonna do he's
gonna beef up the military that is a
drop in the bucket compared to the
long-term liability of entitlements
right if he if he somehow came around to
that it would be it would be the most
excellent presidency you know it would
be it would be an amazing presidency
it's been an amazing presidency so far
one of the things about Trump is that he
is such a big character that he's he's
the bigness of his character obscures
who he is in some way so for instance is
he a guy who sleeps with porn stars
probably do I care no I do not care that
you know I do I think do I think that's
a good thing to do no but is does that
what he does does for me no he runs the
government for me that's that's what I
pay him to do so he is a guy who learned
stuff and he is a guy who will make an
argument to his base that's unpopular he
will go back to his I mean with the daca
thing where he's saying you know yes I
will give you a path to citizenship but
I want this this this and this and if he
doesn't get that he won't sign he's
willing to do that and he does learn
stuff in office and he is willing to go
back to his base what wouldn't shock me
if he said you know what I said I wasn't
gonna cut entitlements I'm not gonna cut
them but I am gonna reform them because
think I'm a little later because you're
gonna live 20 years longer right you
know I think he's I think and he can do
that he always levels with people he
writes about it or somebody wrote about
it he at least read it in the order of
the deal which is that you know he'll
ask for 99 percent mint in order to get
51% he
never it's really a lovely thing that he
does as a politician that all these
other politicians would try to worm
their way into once they flip-flopped it
trying to explain how they didn't
flip-flop and Trump just sort of says I
know yeah now this is what I think yeah
for I thought this and now I think that
I know he does and so there is that
chance you know I don't understand the
conservative him has always ridden on
the back of the Republican Party right
the Republican Party has not been
conservative it has never ever ever you
know in the fact the two most
conservative presidents we've had in my
lifetime a Ronald Reagan and Bill
Clinton after Newt Gingrich yeah is that
what Bill Clinton believed I don't think
Bill Clinton believed anything you know
he's awesome he did what he could get
away with yeah and on both sides of that
equation and he was a good conservative
president this guy has been a great
conservative president Trump and he's a
belligerent the guy who sleeps with
Warren so like that's it that's also
true I can live with that you know like
he's not he's not my son-in-law I don't
have to worry about who he's sleeping
with so he's like that thinkin confuses
me about the followers of Bill Buckley
and I count myself among them so I'm
confused by those at National Review and
other places who say that it's so awful
that he doesn't articulate these
high-minded principles and he hasn't
always talking about these abstractions
Bill Buckley by the end of his life
criticized vehemently the George Bush to
administration for dealing primarily in
abstractions for dealing in what he
called wilsonian ISM wilsonian
conservatives now
he criticized him criticized that aspect
of conservatism immensely and here I
think we have the response to that we
have something that is clearly not
abstracted a very tangible the words he
uses her tangible the policies he's
advocating or tangible and it is bizarre
to me that the conservative movement in
the light of Bill Buckley would ignore
what what he was talking about for the
last several years of his life you know
I'm I'm perfectly willing to sit and
have a conversation about the moral
hazards down the line of having a
president who says some of the things he
says sure yeah you know I'm really that
that conversation what I'm not willing
to do is sacrifice present gains yeah
for things that may or may not happen
because I'm afraid they'll happen or I
can picture them happening you aspect
when you sit and think of what would
have
all these guys who didn't vote for
Donald Trump and you know said I'm too
you know they're too evil for me to vote
for me you know when you think what
would have happened with a Hillary
Clinton presidency the the judges who
would now be in place and I don't this
whole idea well Republicans would have
stopped her when have they ever stopped
anything they can barely they can barely
govern conservatively with them right oh
my god so you know the judges who would
have been in place I really do believe
we would have lost the Second Amendment
I think the First Amendment would have
gutted what have you been got it she was
campaigning she's getting it you know
and so I I think that we dodged a bullet
we didn't dodge it any thanks to them I
think that they should all stand up I
mean I stood I voted for him but I stood
up and said look I opposed him I think
he's done a good job you know hey I
don't know the future I'm doing the best
I can every we know arias Lee did TV
commercials for Ted Cruz
absolutely speaking of 40 stores and but
ultimately I came around or voted for
him too and I'm very pleased that I did
yeah I understood the arguments not to I
understand that that's compelling in
some way but now that we know looking
back on this phenomenal year we've
gotten I don't think there's any way to
say oh I'm glad I didn't vote for the
guy yeah and I am more than willing to
say like I don't like this new budget I
think he's you know I don't like the
fact that he's not thinking about the
debt I think that that matters and I
think it's a problem and I think he
knows it's a problem yeah he's a
businessman he understands as a problem
you know I'm perfectly willing to
criticize him what I'm not willing to
criticize him on is every damn thing he
says especially when CNN and the rest of
that now using CNN is a you know way
what does it call so obscure they're
just coming you know but that press
takes everything he says and spins it to
its worst possible meaning so if he
comes in he says there are good people
on both sides of the robert e lee statue
equation oh my God he's siding with
white supremacist you know I think I'm
just not gonna do it I'm not gonna do it
I'm not gonna appease it I'm not gonna
like give it any credence whatsoever but
I will criticize him on policy every
president should be criticized on policy
nobody's nobody's above criticism I just
think he's doing a good job and this by
the way people say that we've always
held our conservative leaders to account
Bill Buckley in 1968
endorsed rotten Richard Nixon over his
good friend Ronald Reagan endorsed him
for president cuz he felt he was more
viable he was tested he went in there
Nixon did a bunch of terrible things
founded the EPA a number of other
agencies and Bill Buckley still defended
him because of the practical concern is
I'm not gonna knock him on these little
things all over all we're getting decent
policy out of the guy until China until
he felt that it's huh it as stance on
the Soviet Union and communism was too
weak then he turned on him but it wasn't
this I'll hit him here I won't hit him
there I'll hit him here all the time I
don't like this he made his decision
there's a long history in the
conservative movement and I I hope we
see I hope that what we see for the
future of the conservative movement is
kind of fusion ISM but whatever that is
for the 21st century yeah I mean I think
look I can live with a lot of liberal
you know annoying liberal things and I
can even live with a welfare state if we
can keep the welfare state under control
and keep it reasonable I think we're
we're old enough at this point to
support a welfare state it actually does
keep people from panicking at some at
some level but when it gets up to the
European world or the world that Obama
imagined in that video he did a life of
Julia where every minute that you live
is governed by the state I start to
think no we've got to dial this back out
yeah I believe so deeply in individual
freedom you know and I'm gonna fight
that you have to fight that every day
right every day they're against it and
so if I win today that's a victory and
if tomorrow Donald Trump becomes you
know a bad guy then that'll be
tomorrow's problem if I win today that's
a victory if I eat a tide pod tomorrow
somebody else will have to win that
victory for me I just what what on earth
has happened to our children that they
are putting soap just delicious
delicious laundry detergent well if you
have any extra set there save some for
me on some fried candy millennial ladies
and gentlemen their youth cultural
correspondent we've got to go we've got
to say goodbye to YouTube and Facebook
obviously I'm not talking to anybody on
YouTube right now cuz they censor every
anytime they see my swarthy complexion
come on they immediately sense or
whatever videos we have so if you're on
Facebook though you got to go to Daley
wire calm right now what do you get you
get the Michael Nolt show you get the
Clavin show who bears a striking
resemblance to Andy millennial you get
the Ben Shapiro show you get you know
the mailbag questions you get blah blah
blah but you get this guy's and you know
CNN though this is not only the
fda-approved vessel for all salty
leftist tears but especially the
demagogic CNN leftist tears there is
really good for those and I think it's
the only safe way to store them so make
sure to go to daily wire.com
right now we will be back with the
mailbag
all right we're running we're running a
little late so I'm gonna burn through
these mailbag questions first one from
Zachary dr. Knowles I need your expert
opinion my doctor recently told me I
consumed too much salt and that I need
to change my diet I of course figured as
much given the approximately two gallons
of delicious and salty left dis tears
that I consume daily what are my options
obviously cutting back on my main source
of sustenance would not be ideal should
i dilute them with some cough fa pray
that lefty stop crying altogether help
thank you as always Zack first of all
you got to be very careful with cough
EPIK offa is a hell of a drug don't you
use that lightly
second of all lefties will never stop
crying pray as you might only at the end
of the earth at the Second Coming is
there a chance and then they'll be
really sad that you know they were wrong
about theology but then maybe they'll be
happy and joyful you have to ignore your
doctor ignore him I don't know how long
he's gonna last you have we talk
sometimes about supplements and
nutrients on here don't believe the hype
nutrition pyramids and everything
changes all the time keep guzzling those
leftist tears you might actually want to
increase your consumption
next question from Tyler hey Michael
when are we getting your second book
cough FA the art of the troll actually
my real question is I have been a
Christian all my life and was wondering
if you had any great tips on studying
the Bible where should I start
thank you a huge fan of the show yeah
Leviticus start it's really it's a great
page-turner it's a real you know a lot
of leprous sores that you can read about
it's really strong you should start with
Genesis because it's like the greatest
book ever written and you could read it
I I always start these Bible in a year
things and then I fall off at some point
so I've read Genesis and I've read it at
a number of times whereas you know
Leviticus is a little tougher to slog
through I would start with Genesis you
might want to skip to the end the first
time I ever really engaged with the
Bible I skipped to the desert and read
the New Testament first and that that
might be rather nice I know the Catholic
Church and several other Bible reading
programs have one Old Testament one New
Testament one epistle or Psalm that you
can read every day I like reading it in
order though in the order that it was
compiled and written so that's my Bible
in your program but just keep doing it
even when you have to slog through the
relatively boring parts
because the relatively boring parts like
the begat begat begat all the genealogy
is all of the rules they do actually
tell you something just in themselves
just in their inclusion and what a kind
of a meta literary statement about what
they're saying is is really interesting
even if as you're reading it your eyes
are rolling in the back of your head
next question for Becky hi Michael I
listened to your show on Tuesday night
and you got me curious how did Galileo
die and by whose hand if any and why
have we been told that it was the fault
of the Catholic Church really enjoy your
show thanks thanks Becky so Galileo died
peacefully at home in 1642 January 8th I
believe after he had a fever and heart
palpitations no torture no nobody
sniping at him or anything he died of
natural causes the grand duke of tuscany
ferdinando ii wanted him buried in the
basilica de santa croce pope urban the
earth and cardinal Barberini objected to
this because galileo was a huge jerk to
everybody and called the catholic clergy
idiots so they buried him in a less
prominent room off of the chapel rather
than in the main area of the Basilica
but ever at 80 years later they reburied
Galileo in the main body of the Basilica
anyway basically the most incredible
honor you could ever possibly get in the
church to be buried in the Basilica di
Santa Croce now he didn't get remarried
before losing three fingers in a tooth
for some relics one of which is now at
the museo galileo in florence the reason
why you hear all of this misinformation
that the catholics tortured him and
killed him or whatever is that the
Anglosphere is quite Protestant Henry
the Eighth assured us of that and he
ensured that because he wanted to chop
off some of his wives heads and get some
new ones you know people have always
hated the church and GK Chesterton
talked about this a lot he talked about
it in orthodoxy actually before he
converted to Catholicism but I think
that the church he's talking about here
is quite clearly the Catholic Church the
church is attacked for for opposite
reasons and that's one argument that
Chesterton gives for it being right so
the church is attacked for cloister away
from the family and Khoi stirring them
in these little nunneries and also it's
attacked for insisting on procreation be
fruit
and multiply no artificial contraception
right it's a tax for both of those
things it's taught it's attacked for
disrespecting women's intellects and
it's it's also attacked because only
women ever go to church only women
participate in the church its attacked
for being too ascetic sackcloth dry peas
when you whip yourself maiya colpa Mia
culpa it's also attacked for being too
pompous and ritualistic and dripping in
gold I think those are the reasons they
just people especially in the
Anglosphere just don't really like the
Catholic Church but one of the reasons
people don't like the church as far as
I'm concerned is because it's true
because it's the right thing and it
tells us right there in the Bible that
they're going to feel that way next
question from Christian providentially
from Christian hey Mike where do you see
the u.s. in ten years in regards to
culture mores values etc I actually see
it getting a little bit better people
forget how kind of crazy the the PC
culture was that really took effect in
the 1990s I see that getting better
murder rates are going down divorce
rates are going down abortion rates are
going down those are all excellent
cultural things I do see it getting more
divided unfortunately because I there
isn't a common culture anymore
television basically doesn't exist
anymore people are cutting their cable
faster than ever there was a great
common culture when there was when there
were just a few networks
it was the liberal consensus the
conservative movement in many ways
actually fought to crack up that common
culture because it was a bit of a left
culture so there's no common culture in
terms of pop culture there's no common
religious culture we have a religious
pluralism but largely we just have a lot
of nuns the so-called ithi if it's
so-called nuns the atheists the
agnostics I do see a little bit of that
changing because I got so many questions
about religion throughout the mailbag
and you you in just in I know the plural
of anecdote isn't data but just in
talking with Millennials they seem to be
a little bit more open to some of those
questions so I'm hopeful for the future
but I see getting much more divided and
as we talked about on the show a few
days ago you can't stretch those bonds
forever
this whole citizen of the world nonsense
and hating one's own culture and
kneeling for the flag totally bizarrely
for a flag that it gives you the right
to kneel and for the flag so it makes no
sense to kneel for it that can't be
stretched forever at a certain point
it's going to crack and people should be
careful of
that and unfortunately we have a
president right now who is a pop-culture
figure who is also who's also perfectly
willing to attack these awful aspects of
the culture
next question from grace how do you
suggest we balance privacy and national
security grace the girl from Twitter who
has a date with you tonight I told you
never to call me here I told it no I
think I think grace is referring to my
conversation yesterday on Valentine's
Day which was marketed as a date with
Michael Knowles and I hope I didn't
disappoint you
Buckley wrote of the need to bring
terrorists to justice after 9/11 quote
we should always give solicitous
attention to the Liberty what we are
struggling to do right now is to
discover how 15 steal willed enemies of
the u.s. succeeded in destroying the two
largest buildings in New York and one
part of the Pentagon that finding the
hidden enemy would require Yankee
ingenuity and a couple of days off for
the American Civil Liberties Union makes
sense to me the way we have to do it is
by making the bureaucratic agencies more
accountable at least to congressional
oversight so right now you the
bureaucratic agencies can infringe on
all of our civil liberties as we saw
happened with the Trump campaign Barack
Obama spying on the Trump campaign we
saw that happen without much
congressional oversight took a lot for
Congress to be able to see that I don't
think we need to make it so transparent
that the public sees these things but at
least our elected representatives have
to have ready access to this so that we
the we the people can hold them to
account at least through our
representatives that seems to me a nice
way of balancing both national security
and civil liberties from Benjamin
hey bud I love the show I'm taking my
wife and kids to DC in April have you
ever been there if so what was a must do
or see in good local restaurants thank
you so much yeah I loved I spent a lot
of time in DC you've got to go see the
Lincoln Memorial obviously you can't do
that without crying the monuments at
night are great when I was in college we
would do drunk monuments that was our
favorite thing to do in Washington DC
we'd go have a few drinks and then just
gaze and at the majesty of this country
you got to go to Shelly's backroom cigar
bar it's fabulous I went there with the
CEO of Daily wire just a few months ago
you got to go to the Gold House the
Trump Hotel and order the steak burnt
with ketchup the porterhouse old
Abbot's is the best that is a DC
institution after 11 I think they have
dollar oysters and cheap PBR a great
play really you have to go there
National Portrait Gallery is wonderful
and there's some good theater there as
well people don't know that but you can
check it out you should ask your
Congressman to get you a tour of the
White House I've never done that but I
have been to meetings at the executive
office building and that's unbelievable
to go do that you should do it from
Keene next question what is the future
of conservatism in your opinion after
the conference we talked about this a
little bit but just a few other points
I'm pretty pleased because I think there
is a future to conservatism the fusion
ISM of Bill Buckley Cold War ante
communism libertarian economics and
social conservatism doesn't really make
sense after the fall of communism that
central thing kind of fell apart you
know Buckley came to oppose the Iraq war
as we said is a Wilsonian abstraction
this is what I mean by rationalism when
we talk about that on the show I think
we're gonna see a more Burkean
conservative thought in the future
Chesterton speaking of Chesterton said
if you argue with a madman it is
probably that you will get the worst of
it
for in many ways his mind moves all the
quicker for not being delayed by the
things that go with good judgment he is
not hampered by a sense of humor or by
charity or by the dumb certainties of
experience he is the more logical for
losing certain sane affections indeed
the common phrase for insanity is in
this respect of misleading one the
madman is not the man who has lost his
reason the madman is the man who has
lost everything except his reason I
think we see this a lot a little bit in
conservatism there's an ossified
rationalist conservatism that I think
we're seeing linked away by the
realities of our culture by the
realities of seeing an Tifa beat up ben
shapiro attendees at college campuses
and i hope that we can now get a
conservatism that Ryze relies a little
bit more on a tradition and you know the
80s were great but those those policies
sort of ossified into a bean-counting
that a renewed interest in the tradition
in light of cultural chaos may propel
through its sheer appreciation of
mystery and wonder I think we'll see
that with a little more religion too
from Christina hey so Valentine's
question I got my fiancee a man great
for Valentine's and he got
a necklace that I hate do I tell him I
hate it or just deal with a gift I'll
never use and if I should tell him how
do I
first of all marry me you what a
wonderful what a great fiance to get a
man crate for her fiance if he were your
boyfriend I would say deal with it but
he's your fiance you're gonna have to
live with him forever so be honest with
him you don't want him getting you ugly
jewelry for the rest of your life he'll
get over it it's not a big deal I did
this to sweet little Lisa I bought her a
bracelet she doesn't like when we were
16 and she and sheathe basically threw
it in a drawer and never wore it again
and that's okay now I don't get those
bracelets from Jennifer hi Michael I'm a
big fan of yours I'm wondering if you
plan on doing any speaking tours anytime
soon also I'd love to get your take on
why the Olympics would even allow such a
repressive regime is it North Korea to
compete and be able to show face I am
speaking around soon I can't give too
many details yet I'll be in New York
giving a speech in March at least one
speech and being I think I've got one
booked in Alabama coming up if you're
interested in seeing a speech or someone
hosting excuse me I just send in that
inquiry in the mailbag or to Michael at
daily wire comm and I'll make sure that
we can get on the books and why do why
did the Olympics allow these repressive
monsters because because the Olympics
hates America it's all just about hating
America that's why NBC loves it so much
I don't really watch much at the
Olympics from Korey final question we
got a we got to burn through this we're
running late
from Cory I always enjoyed your show and
even your acting in another Kingdom
thank you now I feel like I can't even
watch you speak anymore your smugness
over the gay marriage issue was
mind-blowing I've got three questions
why do you care why were you so smug
about it do you believe this issue is
worth pushing gays further left I
sincerely hope you can offer some
secular answers thank you for watching
the show and listening to another
Kingdom I appreciate that
I will point out one thing in your
question in all three of your questions
you don't once refute my argument do you
notice that so I hope that my views
don't come off as smug I know listen
I've been wearing a lot of bowties and
smoking jackets recently so I forgive
people if they think that smug and I'm
sorry if I've given that impression what
I do think though is what you call smug
I think is because I offered an opinion
confidently that differs from your own
and I offered it and said this is my
opinion
this is the reality as I see it and you
find that smug because it's not
certainly not politically correct and
right now this is the touchy issue I
hope that my opinions come off as clear
and disinterested it is not an emotional
issue for me obviously it might be an
emotional issue for someone who very
much wants to redefine marriage because
he or she's gay or something like that
for me it isn't emotional it's just a
clinical question of language biology
and tradition I'm perfectly willing to
give a secular answer on these things
but there there aren't secular answers I
think even that's a little bit of a
euphemism secular means atheist so you
you want me to get I'm perfectly willing
to give an answer that is acceptable to
non-christians are acceptable to
atheists but there are an atheist
answers because atheism is improved so
there you know I think basically in all
ways atheism doesn't make any sense so
you might find that my answer makes
sense but I'm not giving an atheist
answer I'm giving an answer that is
acceptable to atheists this is why no
Conservatives these days are willing to
wait into the question of gay marriage
they think it's too touchy it's the
great cultural taboo of the last few
years
conservatives are afraid of seeming
bigoted because we all have gay friends
and I'm I'm not worried about that
because this clearly isn't about bigotry
at all we're not talking about sodomy
laws we're not talking about whether gay
people ought to be able to do whatever
they like with one another
whether they ought to be accepted and
treated equally and fairly by society
and culture and government we're not
talking about any of those things we're
we're talking about one question what is
marriage so I I have gay friends who got
hitched at the courthouse and the minute
that game gay marriage became the new
definition and I have friends who have
been together for decades who did not go
to the courthouse and get hitched
because they think that marriage doesn't
include same-sex couples practically
those same groups of people behave the
same way right they behave in a
monogamous same-sex relationship with
all of the trials and tribulations and
nice things that come out of that but
but there's disagreement even among gay
people on this question the question why
do you care because I'm involved in
mankind I don't know why do I care about
US policy in Taiwan right because no man
is an island entire of himself I am a
person with
faculties of reason and the question of
marriage is fundamental to culture and
society the question why do you care is
enough to get me to care the the left
always does this they say what do you
care about but what pronouns we use why
do you care who cares what do you care
about saying Merry Christmas what do you
well I don't know what do you care but
okay if it's not a big deal
then don't why don't we not change the
definition of marriage we've had for the
entirety of history until five minutes
ago it doesn't matter if you don't care
then why don't we just accept Barack
Obama's view of marriage as late as 2012
you know for the question why were you
so smug about it uh I hope I wasn't smug
I don't mean to be smug I am fairly
certain that we should proceed with
caution when radically redefining the
building block of society I'm fairly
certain of that I hope that certainty
doesn't seem smug is the issue worth
pushing gays further left I hope it
doesn't push gays further left I don't
think it will because most importantly I
think conservatives should respect gay
people and respect them enough to speak
frankly and logically and not
sentimentally and bizarrely gay people
are not some infantilized group that has
to be mollycoddled and protected from
logic and reason and and they're not
only thinking with their sexual thoughts
that's not the only aspect of the people
they're not just this one flat
two-dimensional sexual issue that's
ridiculous and offensive to them not to
me you took issue with my suggestion
that perhaps sexual difference has
something to do with marriage that
perhaps the definition of marriage held
almost exclusively from civilization you
know from the dawn of man until about 30
months ago the view of marriage held by
Barack Obama as progressive a politician
as ever there was until very recently
that perhaps that definition isn't
entirely incorrect none of your
questions refuted a single substantive
point in my argument you asked a
question about my psychology you accused
me being smug and you asked a question
about political practicality not nowhere
in those three questions did you refute
a single point I made if you think the
arguments made by either Father Schmitz
or myself are wrong refute them and
we'll talk about in the mailbag if you
can't I encourage you to consider
whether it is possible that perhaps it
is not we but you who aren't seeing this
issue quite right I hope that wasn't too
smug that's our show today we are gonna
have a show tomorrow because
obviously we didn't have a show
yesterday so be sure to tune in for that
we'll save you from one day of the
Clavin less weekend we'll save you a
little bit from it
in the meantime on Michael Noel's this
is the Michael Knoll show I will see you
tomorrow
the Michael Dole show is a daily wire
forward publishing production executive
producer Jeremy boring senior producer
Jonathan hey supervising producer
Mathis Glover our technical producer is
austin stevens edited by alex Zangaro
audio is mixed by mike core amina
hair and makeup is by joshua Avera
copyright forward publishing 2018
