there's a group called every town every
town is a gun control group and every
town said that there were 18 school
shootings in the month of January now
you may be wondering why didn't I hear
about the school shootings every single
day the answer is because there were not
18 school shootings in the month of
January they're more like three okay
even one is terrible but there were no
math school shootings and the and the
ones that exist are bad enough without
you having to blow it up to 18 and we
can go through them my ABC News said
there were 18 school shootings in the
first 45 days of 2018 according to every
town and New York Daily News said the
same thing but that's not true ok twice
so they counted these these as gun
incidents on campus twice someone shot
themself on a school ground one incident
on January 3rd featured a man shooting
himself in a former schools parking lot
On January 10th the teen killed himself
in an Arizona elementary school bathroom
hey that is not a school shooting that
is a school suicide hey four times a
bullet was fired through a school or
dorms window a gun shot on January
fourth was fired at a high school in
Seattle through an office window no one
was hurt on January 10th the shot was
fired shattering a California University
classroom window no injuries reported
the same day in Texas a bullet was
accidentally fired through a classroom
the wall at the Greyson College Criminal
Justice Center no one injured On January
15th a bullet traveled through a
residential halls dorm room that no
injuries reported 125th a Mobile Alabama
high school student fired a gun on
campus no injuries On January 26
kotzwara shots were fired from a car in
a parking lot no injuries on February
5th a third grader pulled the trigger on
a cop's gun no one was injured
On February 8th the shot was fired
inside Metropolitan High School no one
was injured
ok there have only been a few cases in
which someone was injured other than the
shooter January 22nd in Texas a teenage
girl was wounded by shots from a
semiautomatic handgun at the same day a
14 year old boy was injured in a
shooting in in Gentilly Louisiana
February 1st five children were injured
in an accidental shooting so that's not
even a purposeful shooting it's
accidental and finally on February 5th a
teenager was shot and injured outside of
high school there are only three deadly
shootings apparently in the last 45 days
so that is still awful every one of
these is awful every one of these is
tragic and terrible and an active evil
that does not mean that a teen happened
so I think that it's just important to
get the statistic correct like this is
that you wonder why them people don't
trust the media it's cuz the media don't
bother to do any of this they just give
you the bottom line 18 school shootings
and then the minute you dig into it you
realize they're not 18 school shootings
there were three
