everyone in the media is talking about
the most important thing that has ever
happened in the history of humanity or
at least since Caitlyn Jenner became a
woman a transgender woman and that of
course is the release of Black Panther
it is so deeply important it is we've
heard is deeply important to millions of
black Americans who after all we're not
liberated from slavery two hundred years
ago and liberated by the civil rights
movement with federal legislation and
not been gradually restored to what all
we should have been full civil rights in
the United States and none of that is
mattered up till they made a Marvel
movie about a superhero who is black in
a country filled with black people that
is the real that's the change right
blade was not enough
Catwoman with Halle Berry no okay what
Conda is where it is this is the most
important moment in black American
history not Martin Luther King not
Frederick Douglass not the Civil War not
the end of Jim Crow none of that
not Brown vs. Board the most important
thing is that chadwick boseman puts
claws on his hands and a mask on his
face and runs around jumping off cars in
cgi fashion deeply deeply important
black children everyone will now believe
that they too can be superheroes who
jump off cars in fictional countries
it's very important now you may sense
that I'm mocking a little bit the reason
I'm mocking a little bit is because I
hate this kind of identity politics I
think it's incredibly stupid I think
it's incredibly stupid because again I
grew up as an Orthodox Jewish kid where
no American president has been Jewish
and no American president is been
Orthodox Jew and yet I grew up on 1776
essentially worshiping the founding
fathers none of whom were Jewish
and yesterday my daughter Ashley is on
Shabbat am i sitting around my daughter
and my daughter was talking about how
she said about the presidents cuz she's
learning at the president about the
presidents in preschool
she's very politically active my
daughter she's four years old and she
knows many of the presidents she is
familiar with the life stories of
Abraham Lincoln in George Washington and
she said daddy was George Washington
Jewish and I said no he wasn't and she
said it's not on Trump Jewish I said no
he's not and she said have any of the
presidents been Jewish and I said no and
she said why haven't any of the
presidents been Jewish and she's four so
I didn't go into the full explanation
but what I said is you know they just
haven't been but maybe there'll be a
Jewish president the future would you
like to be president one day she said
I don't know it sounds boring and so
which i think is is an astute
observation on the part of my daughter
but the point is this right if you're
not telling your kids they can be
anything in America you're doing
something wrong as a parent and if you
had to wait until Black Panther came out
right we heard this about Barack Obama
on who's elected to now that Obama has
been president black Americans will feel
like they too can be President it's a
transformative moment and yet all we
hear now is that America's deeply racist
and black people are still systematical
is systemically discriminated against
and the black people are still victims
in American society so it turned out
didn't mean anything but Obama was
president we were told to men's
everything and then he was president for
two terms right re-elected
overwhelmingly and then it turns out it
didn't mean anything because we needed a
chat with Bozeman to somehow make sure
that black people felt accepted in
American society because a bunch of
white executives at Marvel greenlit a
film about black people in a fictional
country in Africa
