and the gold medal for moral idiocy goes
to you guessed at the mainstream media
more than a century after Lincoln
Steffens fond / Lenin 85 years after the
New York Times denied Stalin's hallo
domme or the mainstream media have a new
murderous totalitarian to pine for kim
yo-jong the sister of little rocket man
and a leading figure in the North Korean
regime that tortures hundreds of
thousands of its own citizens in
concentration camps and in slaves and
starves millions more through the most
oppressive state on the face of the
earth believe it or not it wasn't always
this way the American mainstream media
may despise their own country now but it
wasn't so long ago that American
journalists were actually Patriots we
will explain when and why American
journalists stopped considering
themselves Americans and started
attacking their own country I'm Michael
Knowles and this is the Michael Knowles
show
so much to get to today there are some
things we won't even be able to get to
those new Obama portraits came out I
don't know if you saw them the
presidential portraits and do you see
that it looks the Michelle Obama one
looks as though Gustav Klimt had been
dropped on his head as a baby and
produced Michelle Obama's portrait but
loves but I'm sorry we don't have time
for that because I've got to get out of
here today I'm going to Palm Beach to
give a little talk at the cuckoo dare
Institute and we'll be talking about the
future of American conservatism in the
age of Donald Trump we'll be there with
some guys from National Review and the
Hoover Institution and it should be a
lot of fun if you're free tomorrow you
can and you're in Palm Beach you can
head over there and maybe we'll go have
some burnt steak with ketchup at
mar-a-lago afterward but this all brings
me to upside calm because business
travel is a real hassle man let me tell
you it it can be really tough if
anything has to change then you have to
like call I have to call sweet little
Elise in a panic and she's got to sit on
the phone with the phone with the
airline and it takes forever and she
yells means Maggie I don't have time for
this so let other people handle it for
you let me ask you this how great would
it be to have the kind of support
astronauts get when they take a business
trip having a whole team of people in
Mission Control making sure your
business trip goes smoothly that sounds
pretty good doesn't it sounds good to
SLA too well you will have that level of
support when you book your next business
trip it upside calm upside will be your
Mission Control looking out for you
every step of the way handling any
problem that might pop up I promise you
I do when I travel I'm like a robot I
just do whatever people tell me to do it
took me years and years to get the TSA
PreCheck and all this don't let someone
handle it for you it is the 21st century
come on guy I'm a millennial in the 21st
century which means I don't want it to
anything for myself I deserve it you
know I just feel like I really earned it
you know so that's why upside is here
they monitor your trip around the clock
they proactively keep you posted on
everything for is it gonna rain is your
flight delayed or their alternate return
flights in case you want to squeeze in
just one more meeting before you leave
town I never want to do any meetings but
if you want like one last drink at the
bar they can
figure out your next flight for easy
booking competitive prices in a team
that always has your back go to upside
calm / cough FA Co V Fe Fe to book your
next business trip sign up today for
your free accounting get a free pair of
Bose headphones on your next business
trip that's pretty good Bose headphones
that's upside calm / qoph FA Co V Fe Fe
$600 minimal purchase required with a 90
day seaside for complete details the
lawyers make us say that but go it's a
really really great company and they
help keep the lights on very good of
them let's get into Kim Jong who the
dragon lady from I don't remember her
name but the dragon lady from North
Korea the mainstream media they are in
love they are in love with the face of
the regime that regularly threatens to
nuke the United States has violated
decades of UN resolutions official US
policy that constantly threatens to
vaporize us with the kid from ups desk
button bomb they love her Business
Insider reported quote North Korea's
princess kim yo-jong through pens side
eye they also reported quote North
Korea's princess kim yo-jong wraps up
whirlwind historic visit to the olympics
the best part of this by the way is she
isn't a princess and nobody calls her
that other than Business Insider for
some reason they've decided to call her
a princess
the New York Times quote Kim jong-un's
sister turns on the charm
taking pensive spotlight The Washington
Post the Ivanka Trump of North Korea
captivates people in the south at the
Olympics but the best of course was CNN
CNN the most trusted name in Apple's or
whatever they do CNN Headline reads
quote Kim jong-un's sister is stealing
this show at the Winter Olympics
stealing the show now here's here is the
piece there you can watch it on CNN
thanks
she will put a young telegenic face on
the regime this is a calculated move
from kim jeong-hoon experts say to
answer Ivanka Trump's presence at the
closing ceremonies kim yo-jong is the
perfect counterpart to this and it also
is a signal that North Korea is not you
know this crazy weird former Cold War
state but that it too has young women
that are capable and are the future
leadership they have won
capable of future leadership he's the
only one they don't starve and enslave
and kill Garry Kasparov the chess player
and activist now got in on this one he
said someone tells CNN that their site
has been hacked by the North Korean
propaganda ministry and so that hasn't
been hacked they're just working tandem
with them so that was how the mainstream
media reported on kim yo-jong just a few
statistics about North Korea 125,000
people there or held in concentration
camps the the GDP is $1,800 a year per
capita that's reported by the government
most people live on two to three dollars
per day even with black market they live
on a third of what Cubans live on from
their government there's constant
enslavement people are sent overseas to
be slaves for the regime there's no
electricity throughout most of the place
there's no working plumbing throughout
most of North Korea it is just a living
hell they tortured an American high
school or as a college student rather to
death they regularly torture hundreds of
thousands of their own people this is
what they're lauding so so that's how
they treated Kim yo dragon lady Kim yo
dragon lady here is how the mainstream
media reported on the Vice President of
the United States Mike Pence New York
Magazine quote Pence's anti-north Korea
PR campaign bombs get at tee-hee-hee CNN
gay Olympic athlete turns down pence
meeting The Daily Beast to win respect
from LGBT Olympians pence must condemn
conversion therapy for summer I don't
know why and you and and Mike Pence when
did you stop beating your wife did you
want it this is based by the way this
gay therapy thing this is based on a
left-wing myth that Mike Pence supports
electrocuting homosexuals it's because
in his 2000 congressional campaign his
website said that he supported an HIV
treatment funding law that had a
provision with a provision that some
funds go toward institutions that treat
people who want to change their sexual
behavior and as millennial let me tell
you we could all probably change our
sexual behavior a little bit you know
a line on a campaign website that allows
some HIV treatment funds to go to
institutions that treat people who want
to change their sexual behavior that has
become vice president pence wants to
electrocute gays according to the
mainstream media where democracy dies in
darkness and the final headline last but
also least slate quote Olympics jerk
watch the Vice President of the United
States of America that jerk watch
murderous dictator is who tortures
hundreds of thousands of people to death
and slaves and starves million more
whose regime just two years ago murdered
an American student she's a charming
princess who throws side-eye
rightly throws side-eye at the American
vice president like a like a better
version of Ivanka Trump nice guy vice
president of the United States whose
greatest vice and craziest days were
probably when he played acoustic guitar
in college that guy nice guy Mike Pence
who as Hollywood in DC crumble with
hourly accusations of rape and sexual
harassment refuses to dine alone with
women because he doesn't want even the
appearance of impropriety that guy is a
monster who's a fool and a jerk and an
embarrassment and definitely definitely
wants to electrocute gays for most
Millennials and post Millennials or
whatever they are this is all they've
ever known the media despising virtually
any display of American strength or
patriotism and certainly any Republican
in office but it wasn't always this way
there was a time long long ago when
mainstream journalists actually liked
their country I know I know it's
shocking I'm not saying they weren't
left-wing I'm not saying they didn't
like to puff up lefties like Lincoln
Steffens and Walter durante did that
that happened but the media writ large a
generally rooted for their country they
consider themselves on the same side as
their country they didn't consider
themselves outside of their country or
above their country we saw this as
recently as the second world war on
March 17 1942 General MacArthur landed
in Australia here is the New York Times
headline the New York Times headline
MacArthur in Australia as Allied
commander move hailed as foreshadowing
turn of tide third National Army draft
begins in capital that's a that's a
glowing thing it's
why it's gonna turn the tide but the
clearly good times is rooting for him
it's gonna turn the tide of the world we
hope so could you imagine what I would
say today on May 12th 1943 Axis forces
surrendered the New York Times reported
quote tunisian resistance ends in rout
of germans gonna route those damned
dirty germans on june 6 1944 the Allies
landed at Normandy
if d-day had occured in in 2018 CNN or
the New York Times would no doubt report
something like quote 200,000 allies dead
when will trump resign Mike Pence hates
gays or something but thankfully d-day
occurred in 1944 when the New York Times
ran the headline quote Hitler's sea wall
is breached invaders fighting their way
inland new Allied landings are made it's
not quite that they were cheerleaders
that were there pretty close but it's
the choice of wording here route of
Germans Hitler's seawall breached they
clearly have a side they're partisans
they have a country they have a team
they are Americans they are going to
root for the Americans they're gonna
root for their own country
on February 11 1945 at Yalta the New
York Times doesn't even pretend the
headline reads quote big three doom
Nazism and Reich militarism they doom it
could you imagine that headline today
they wouldn't they wouldn't run the
story at all instead the New York Times
would run a story about the three Allied
troops who accidentally shot an unarmed
German or something that would be the
front page Yalta the defeat of Nazism
maybe that would be page XIV 75 maybe
before we get to more they're telling me
there there are so many more insane
headlines but before that we've got to
talk about something else we have got to
talk about DaVinci DaVinci is really
this is actually this ties in pretty
well too with this trip that I've got to
do tomorrow you know in today's
competitive business climate
having the right address is critical to
the success of your business it
literally could mean the difference
between closing a deal or closing your
doors that is why you need an address to
impress and da Vinci has you covered so
this actually happened to me I have a
political consulting shop in New York
that I'm a part of and that other New
York political operatives are a part of
and for a while we didn't have a we
a dress for our business when we started
out it was like hanging a shingle and we
had a p.o box and it just doesn't look
great it doesn't it doesn't make you
seem like you're an established business
it makes you think okay is this guy
working out of his car which at the time
I was actually so you know you know one
thing you want your business to look
legitimate
DaVinci makes it incredibly easy to
select the perfect business address they
give you access to thousands of
high-profile business addresses in upper
scale office locations in all 50 states
and it's it's really affordable this
this is the main thing here a lot of
times people don't have an address
because I don't want to have office
space I can work out of a coffee shop
right at my apartment and I've worked
plenty of political campaigns just like
that but you want a business address to
seem legitimate to be a real business
you don't want to say mail it to barista
number seven at the Starbucks down the
street it doesn't look so hot so great
addresses start at just $50 per month
you get more credibility strip mall and
p.o box addresses just do not scream
reliability davinci addresses always do
at location location location and
business that means everything but da
Vinci will give you instant access to
thousands of high-profile addresses it's
fast affordable and so easy get just
fifty dollars a month a dress to impress
with da Vinci today go to da Vinci comm
slash cough FA Co V Fe Fe for a limited
time just don't say I never did anything
for you for a limited time get 50% off
your first purchase I wonder if I can
use my code I think that let me use if I
if I can use my code we got to start
using that for the shop in New York that
is da Vinci work.com slash cough fa Co V
Fe Fe this is a really great deal terms
and conditions apply
si DaVinci work.com DaVinci work.com
slash cough FA CoV f EF e for details
back to when the press was good at the
bloody awful landing at Iwo Jima the
where American casualties exceeded
Japanese casualties were just the 25th
marines 3rd battalion suffered a
eighty-three point three percent
casualty rate the New York Times
headline read this US Marines storm
ashore on Iwo Jima Patton strikes
again could you imagine today Americans
slaughtered mass casualties more is over
time for the u.s. to pull out Mike Pence
hates gay people or so presumably as we
read even as recently as the mid 20th
century the American press supported
their country against its enemies
against Nazism against the Soviet Union
they at least supported the liberal
consensus which opposed the spread of
communism that was that mid-century kind
of consensus now we'd probably call it
the deep state view but it was at least
a pro-american view held by the press
and by the American officials there was
a TV show that ran from 1950 to 1953
called battle report Washington that
time period coincided with the Korean
Conflict a military engagement that
nearly spilled into mainland China a lot
of pressure on the show featured
interviews with government and military
leaders where was it produced in the
White House itself NBC broadcasted to
give quote the people of the United
States a first-hand account of what the
federal government is doing in the
worldwide battle against communism that
was NBC the show's host John Steelman
referred to communist belligerents as
the 14 barbarians power-drunk atheists
and bloodthirsty barbarians that ran on
NBC it would be exactly the opposite
today even Edward or Murrow the anti
McCarthy television journalist on CBS
even Murrow whom I don't care for that
much but even Murrow in between attacks
on Republicans sat on the State
Department panel on overseas information
and lobbed
softball questions at Secretary of State
Dean Acheson now consider the New York
Times headlines in the war in Iraq so
this was a much more recent war November
6 2004 poll shows view of Iraq wars most
negative since the start
also November 6th getting Iraq wrong
October 12th of 2007 two killed in
shooting mourned far beyond Iraq they're
not talking about American troops that
were killed in the shooting The Times is
using the death of Iraqis at the hands
of private security to attack the
American war effort and to attack the
use of black water also November 6 2004
protest focuses on Iraq troop increase
October 2007 for
top General in Iraq false Bush
administration April 2007 injured in
Iraq a soldier is shattered at home
that's just the New York Times and
that's just a random smattering I just
googled a random smattering of Iraq
headlines just about every headline is a
new attempt to undermine the American
war effort
to undercut morale among troops and at
home and now we see the mainstream media
fawning over a top official from the
most repressive anti-american regime on
earth which regularly threatens to blow
us all to smithereens
quite a change how when and why did the
mainstream media turn on its own country
how when and why did the mainstream
media turn on its own country Walter
Cronkite Walter Cronkite the most
trusted man in America Cronkite was
voted the most trusted man in America in
an opinion poll in the 1960s and the
title stuck he concluded his news
program on CBS by saying and that's the
way it is that's the way it is he's
regularly cited almost exclusively by
lefties as the last example of unbiased
news just the facts no opinion no spin
Cronkite was just the fact he probably
didn't even have a political opinion
when he did he was just a straight
shooter except none of that's true
Cronkite wasn't the last straight
journalist before all hell broke loose
in reality it was Cronkite who did the
breaking Cronkite was the first major
modern American journalist to consider
himself untethered to his own country
above national boundaries a citizen of
the world and it's really incredible
that people even make this claim anymore
the Cronkite just told you the what the
facts were just the way it is the man
single-handedly lost us the Vietnam War
this great man this facts only
journalist this alleged American
declared that the war was lost here's
what he said to say that we are closer
to victory today is to believe in the
face of the evidence the optimists who
have been wrong in the past to suggest
we are on the edge of defeat is to yield
to unreasonable pessimism to say that we
are mired in stalemate seems the only
realistic if unsatisfactory conclusion
on the off-chance the military and
political analysts are right in the next
few months we must test the enemies and
in case this is indeed his last big gas
before negotiations but it is
increasingly clear to this report that
the only rational way out then will be
to negotiate not as victors but as an
honorable people lived up to their
pledge to defend democracy and did the
best they could the supporter grande guy
just the fact just the fact I wonder if
he would have said the same thing in the
face of other threats there were a lot
of people calling on Britain to
negotiate with Hitler and Mussolini
there were but we have this the only way
we can just negotiate that was it that's
it that's it the journalist David
halberstrom said that that report turned
American opinion irreparably against the
war presidential historian Douglas
Brinkley agrees it is said it might be
apocryphal but there's some evidence
that he said it that LBJ told his press
secretary upon hearing of Cronkite's
segment something along the lines of if
I've lost Walter Cronkite I've lost
middle America the segment came out
after Walter Cronkite visited Vietnam
and he visited Vietnam only weeks after
the Tet Offensive a massive victory for
the Americans we lost 249 Americans and
500 South Vietnamese compared to 10,000
North Vietnamese dead in just the few
days of the offensive the Communists
would go on to lose upwards of 30,000
men captured or killed the Communists
were so decimated by the fighting that
Nixon CIA director Richard Helms stated
that even a year later Hanoi would still
require considerable time to rebuild its
forces but Walter Cronkite didn't like
the war he didn't like to report the war
and so he reported it wrong he undercut
the morale of the troops and of the
American public and that's the way it
was and that's the way it was Cronkite
was also harping on environmentalism
around this time which he blamed on
overpopulation like all the other
lightly educated radicals of the 1970s
when the world by the way was less than
half populated as it is today two days
before the first Earth Day Cronkite
began a regular segment titled can the
world be saved spoiler alert it was not
about a certain Jewish carpenter from
person
Palestine who is Agee was talking about
environmentalists he thought in a wrote
in an introduction to George Orwell's
1984 that it was about and not about
left totalitarianism but rather about
technology he wrote quote 1984 is an
anguished lament and a warning that
vibrates powerfully when we may not be
strong enough nor wise enough nor moral
enough to cope with the kind of power we
have learned to amass not once not even
once did he mention the Soviet Union or
China
Joseph Epstein of commentary magazine
wrote at this point that by then
Cronkite had entered that phase of
liberalism that finds no country more
dangerous than one's own absolutely true
he not so subtly insinuated this is a
cronkite that Barry Goldwater was
comparable to Nazis announcing whether
or not senator Goldwater wins the
nomination he is going places the first
place being Germany who's going to visit
and a it set off an entire segment about
the coincidence that libertarian
Goldwater was about to go visit an
American general in Bavaria here is a
clip of the ostensibly objective Walter
Cronkite preening oh wait a minute I'm
sorry that was Ted Baxter from The Mary
Tyler Moore Show I don't know I don't
know how that got in there okay here is
the actual Walter Cronkite of going full
prattle
it isn't even common toys it's simply a
suffering a severe case of acute
laryngitis it simply is temporarily we
hope lost its voice about that
Democratic loss in the election it seems
to me it was not just a candidate who
belatedly found a voice that could reach
the people there was not just a campaign
strategy build on a defensive philosophy
it was not just an opposition that
conducted one of the most sophisticated
and similar campaigns ever it was not
just a failure to reach out to every
section of our nation in every sector of
our society it was the thought of too
many who found their voices stilled by
not so subtle ideological intimidation
for instance we know that unilateral
military action in Guam in Grenada and
Tripoli was wrong
we know that Star Wars here Star Wars
means uncontrollable escalation of the
arms race we know that the real threat
to democracy is in the half of that
nation in poverty we know that Thomas
Jefferson was right when he said
democracy cannot be both ignorant and
free we know we know that no one should
tell a woman she has to bear we know we
know I'm sorry I apologized to Ted
Baxter for her comparing him to Walter
Cronkite a very unfair to Ted Baxter
what's really funny about that by the
way he said we know we know Ronald
Reagan used to say that it's not that
our liberal friends are ignorant it's
that they know so much that isn't so and
basically everything he just said isn't
true the SDI Star Wars what was not a
failure didn't lead to uncontrollable
arms races actually it did exactly what
Ronald Reagan predicted it would and
defeated the Soviet Union after he's be
wailing this awful arms race that's
gonna go on less than two years later
the Soviet Union was over we defeated
communism because of all the policies
that he B Wales we know that we have to
murder children in the womb we know
don't we know so that that was that's
Walter Cronkite that's the objective
Walter Cronkite is if that weren't
enough by the 1990s
Cronkite had descended into full-on
empty-headed leftism endorsing a
one-world government and the loss of
American sovereignty we Americans are
going to have to yield up some of our
sovereignty that's going to be too many
a bitter pill it would take a lot of
courage a lot of faith a lot of
persuasion to them to come along with us
on this necessity today we must develop
federal structures on a global level to
deal with world problems we need a
system of enforceable world law a
democratic federal world government you
know
without eggs Andrew Hamilton wrote about
the need for law on the 13 states
applies today to the approximately 200
sovereignties in our adorable village
all of which are going to have to be
convinced to give up some of that
sovereignty to the better greater Union
Hamilton said and it's not going to be
easy and it's not gonna be easy you
catch that little thread at the end and
it's now gonna be easy
oh come on bring it on Walt Cronkite
concluded the speech by saying quote pat
robertson has written in a book a few
years ago that we should have a world
government but only when the Messiah
arrives he wrote literally any attempt
to achieve World Order before that time
must be the work of the devil
well join me I'm glad to sit here at the
right hand of Satan so that's how he
concluded that speech that's no joke he
those are his exact words Hillary
Clinton was in attendance at the event
the then first lady approached Cronkite
after the speech and said for decades
you told us the way it is but tonight we
honor you for fighting for the way it
could be for the way it should be in the
map really Oh Walter Cronkite why don't
we uh why don't we have a Walter
Cronkite anymore not these partisan
people on TV Hannity just just someone
to tell us the way it is and and also to
advocate for abortion and the erasure of
national boundaries and population
control you know you know just the way
it is and I don't mean just to pick on
Cronkite I I am going to pick on more
journalists but oh this is bad I've got
to say this is so sad I'm sorry what can
I do my hands are tied
that's the way it is it's just the way
it is I have to say goodbye to Facebook
and YouTube probably I'm not saying
goodbye to YouTube because I think at
this point any time I pop up there they
put out a hit on me they send out some
assassins to come find me
YouTube is we are all persona non
persona a non grata anymore at YouTube
so he probably not seeing us there but
if you're on Facebook sorry you got to
go to Daley wire.com what do you get if
you go there it's $10 a month or $100
for an annual membership you get me get
the under Clavin sure you get the Ben
Shapiro show you get the leftist here's
tumblr this is very important because it
whenever you say anything mean about one
of their their gods one of their deities
like Walter Cronkite the leftist here
starts spewing you're going to get a lot
of this now those Obama portraits were
so hideous that uh probably spikes some
some leftist ears
so you're gonna need that cup but what
you're also gonna get the conversation
and boy oh boy or your love meters about
to spike because this Valentine's Day on
Wednesday February 14th at 5 p.m.
Eastern 2 p.m. Pacific you are gonna get
the conversation the most romantic
episode of the conversation yet that is
featuring the swarthy astir north of the
Sunset Strip
that is right I'm talking about me baby
you can ask me all of the important
Valentine's Day questions sure to
disappoint your girlfriend on the
conversation streaming live at the daily
wire Facebook page and the daily wire
YouTube channel may be and will be free
for everyone to watch but only
subscribers get to ask the questions to
ask questions as a subscriber log in to
our website daily wire comm to watch the
live stream and head over to the
conversation page after that just start
typing into the daily wired chat box
where we will pull live questions as
they come in I will not have slept for
about two days so you're sure to get
some good some good answers I'm gonna
try to get the ashes beforehand so I may
be covered in ash I'll probably have to
do it after the show though because I'm
flying in that morning once again
subscribe to get your questions answered
by me they can be about Valentine's Day
st. Valentine Ash Wednesday a lot of
things you could ask about February 14th
5 p.m. Eastern 2 p.m. Pacific and join
the conversation go to daily wired.com
we will be right back
the question we began with this is the
the sum of it all the question we began
with why did the American media hate
their own country why did they use
decide what their own country but now
they don't the answer is they're
ignorant feigned objectivity which is
not just typifies by Walter Cronkite it
actually began with him that last clip
tells us the whole story American
journalists in 2018 consider themselves
citizens of the world
here is Christiane Amanpour from CNN
okay you've talked about nationalism and
tribalism here today I asked him how did
you have the guts to confront the
prevailing winds of anti-globalization
nationalism populism when you could see
what happened in brexit where you could
see what happened in the United States
and what might have happened in many
European elections at the beginning of
2017 and he said for me nationalism
means war make sure that you go to the
trusted brands to get your main
information no matter whether you have a
wide eclectic you know intake really
stick with the brand names that you know
because in this world right now at this
moment right now our crises our
challenges our problems are so severe
that unless we are all engaged as global
citizens who appreciate the truth who
understand science empirical evidence
and facts then we are just simply going
to be wandering along to a potential
catastrophe
don't you dare listen to anybody other
than us you can only listen to CNN you
know because you want to search for the
truth so don't read anybody other than
CNN because that's how you find the
truth is by only reading one source and
it's us Christiane Amanpour or as Andrew
Klavan calls her Christian I'm a poor
journalist Christiane Amanpour
ostensibly a naturalized American
citizen but that's not how she thinks of
herself she doesn't think of herself as
an American citizen she thinks of
herself as a global citizen a citizen of
the world
I literally just picked her at random
when looking for a clip of a journalist
calling himself a citizen of the world
I'm pretty sure I could Google basically
any major mainstream journalist and find
a clip of him described
himself as a citizen of the world this
is perhaps the most frequently used
empty phrase in the elite halls of the
United States I was in college the
administration told us this all the time
we are educating you to be citizens of
the world we are a global University I'm
sure been heard the same thing at
Harvard
it is especially ironic actually in the
case of Yale because Yale used to be the
American University the most famous
alumnus of Yale which is now a global
university that educates citizens of the
world is the American revolutionary
Nathan Hale who famously said as the
British hanged him I only regret that I
have but one life to lose for my country
that's the most pronounced at global
university journalists used to consider
at least national security concerns they
would work with the State Department or
with the White House when they were
covering Foreign Affairs they didn't
they didn't hate their country now they
attack our milquetoast vice president
and they fawn over a murderous dictator
as' and it's not just universities and
journalists perhaps the most dangerous
of all the largest publishing company in
the history of the world considers
itself not an American entity but a
global one here is Mark Zuckerberg at
the global citizen festival in 2015 if
everyone has access to the tools
knowledge and opportunities of
connectivity we give voice to the
voiceless and power to the powerless
when we're all connected we can achieve
our global goals that's why this morning
I spoke to the United Nations over the
next few days a lot of focus is going to
be on world leaders but if we want to
achieve real change we need you and
leaders in every community to make their
voices heard tonight is a part of
something very important we are not a
generation of bystanders we are all
global citizens
let's go connect the world that is so
creepy I oh yes it's like healer he's
studied in Italian for three seconds and
he's like I gotta move my hands up and
down do I Facebook is the largest
publishing company in the history of the
world even though it pretends not to be
a publishing company actually so we're
just a tech company we're a social
network we're you know we just let
people but but that isn't that isn't
true it isn't a social network it's a
publishing company there's a new
algorithm which is killing us by the way
it is killing the daily wire and they're
they're trying to kill the daily wire
by the way a little sidebar if you want
to keep getting news from either my
facebook page or bends or Drew's or the
daily wire you have to go to that page
now physically and whitelist the page
and say you want to get information from
those pages because they're trying to
block us they're trying to kill us they
decide Facebook decides what news gets
through and what doesn't
Facebook is an American company but they
think globally they don't think
nationally they say we're not a we're
not an American company I mean yet
weren't we started out in America I'm an
American citizen we developed it here in
an American University but no no we
think globally we're not in that this is
really awful the trouble with all of
this a lefty claptrap is there is no
such thing as a global citizen there's
no such thing there is no citizenship
of the world it's another use of
euphemistic language kind of like we
were talking about last week on gay
marriage we're you know the conservative
opposition to gay marriage is not that
we don't like gay people we don't want
them to do whatever they want to do with
one another or be happy or follow their
conscience --is or whatever it's that
the phrase is nonsense that the
definition of marriage implies sexual
difference that it's logically it's
something akin to a hot ice cube it just
does the phrase doesn't make sense
that's the same problem with global
citizenship a citizen belongs to a
country in a democratic republic such as
ours citizens govern ourselves in other
countries this isn't the case they are
governed by others but citizenship has a
meaning it entitles one to certain
privileges and rights granted or
acknowledged by the government it
entitles one to protection by the
nation's military and police forces and
it comes with certain obligations
taxation in some cases military service
jury duty what what have you it's a
relationship with tangible consequences
global citizenship entails none of these
things one's rights and privileges are
not protected simply by virtue of
existing in the world just ask the
citizens of North Korea because rights
need to be protected and laws enforced
by men with guns who have the authority
to enforce them the bonds that have
sustained the nation state what's called
the Westphalian system for the past 370
years since the peace of westphalia
ended the 30 Years War and established
the modern World War
those bonds which bind countrymen
together they can't be stretched
indefinitely
they can't be stretched infinitely we we
can't even get Italians excuse me I'll
use my own ancestors we cannot get
Italians from the south and the north to
believe that they're part of the same
country much less can we get Italians to
consider Bangladeshis their fellow
countrymen their co-citizens of the
world the reason this matters so much is
that it is in no small part what Donald
Trump promised his campaign on this is
what is meant by globalism elites in
journalism the Academy technology
politics they no longer believe in the
nation-state they think they have much
more in common with their fellow
enlightened cosmopolite it's the Davos
crowd who go to TED talks and drink
kombucha and I'm getting off on a
tangent but those people they feel that
they have much more in common with at
least in London than their countrymen in
Texas and maybe they do maybe they do
but we can't sustain that forever
because the their buddies in London
aren't going to protect them and assure
their rights this is part of the theme
we've been talking about for a few weeks
the impulse of rationalism to try to
abstract oneself from real circumstances
to consider oneself above the time and
space and which one lives you aren't
better than your country you aren't
other than your countrymen American
journalists want to call balls and
strikes on Foreign Affairs but they
shouldn't call balls and strikes because
they're Americans and they have a stake
in America's coming out on top in the
world the Davos crowds impulse to be the
umpire is the same impulse that caused
Adam to sin in the garden it is the sin
of pride there is only one umpire the
rest of us are players the
self-appointed elites who pretend
otherwise
from Walter Cronkite in Vietnam to CNN
in Pyeongchang think that forsaking
their countries makes them sophisticated
and maybe that's a good word to use
because it certainly does make them look
sophistic it makes them look like fools
all right that's our show that's a we're
gonna end on a little bit of a low note
today I'm gonna end on a low note
talking about Walter Cronkite and all
those jerks fawning over dictate races
it's also Abraham Lincoln's birthday
happy birthday to Abraham Lincoln you
know they tried to take away his
birthday they tried to make it just
Presidents Day they did this to George
Washington to they
mash them up and make it President's Day
but we're not celebrating Millard
Fillmore we're not celebrating Franklin
Roosevelt or Barack Obama we're
celebrating Washington and Lincoln so
happy birthday to Abraham Lincoln so
I'll be on that red-eye tonight there
will be a show tomorrow if you're in
Palm Beach tomorrow stop by the coudair
Institute we're gonna have a lovely talk
with with some really great speakers
from Hoover Institution National Review
al Felsen Berg who just wrote a
wonderful biography of Bill Buckley
really I mean so leagues away from any
other thing written about him you have
to read it so if you're in town grab a
ticket and maybe I'll broadcast the show
from Morel ago with some burnt steak and
ketchup I don't know we'll say I'll try
to do that and I'll be back in town on
Wednesday for the conversation so be
sure to tune in in the meantime I am
Michael Knowles
this is the Michael Nolt show tune in
tomorrow we'll do it all again
you
you
