the most honest take care I think is
that the FISA application process is
deeply flawed since to the initiation of
the FISA courts which is back in I think
2002 2003 since the initiation of the
FISA courts there been a grand total
something like 21 FISA applications that
have been turned down by the FISA Court
so basically the FBI brings information
to the FISA Court and they rubber stamp
wiretap that's a serious problem because
in this particular case the information
that the wiretap of Carter page was
based on was really sketched not only
was it really sketchy it may have come
directly from Hillary Clinton sorry we
already know the steel dossier this this
dossier that was compiled at the behest
of fusion GPS which was being paid by
the DNC that steel dossier was used as
the basis for the FISA warrant or as the
primary basis for the FISA warrants
against Carter page her no the DNC was
paying for it but we are now finding out
that that wasn't the only way that
Hillary Clinton was funneling bad
information to the FBI or may have been
doing so according to a report from Mark
Hemingway over at the Weekly Standard
the FBI is now investigating a second
trump dossier this one is complete with
information allegedly compiled by a
Clinton crony named Cody sharor
Natasha bertrand of the atlantic says
she's seen the memo and that a covers
quote a range of allegations concerning
the president's personal behavior and
financial transactions according to
bertrand obama's State Department
special envoy to Libya a guy named
Jonathan Winer passed information from
Shearer who is a Hillary buddy on to
British spy Christopher Steele was
busily compiling opposition research on
Trump on behalf of the DNC and Hillary
Clinton via fusion GPS so here's how the
chain of information went there's a
Hillary crony named Cody surer he was
working with Sidney Blumenthal Sidney
Blumenthal is Hillary's hatchet man and
one of the sleaziest liars in the
history of American politics Sidney
Blumenthal and Cody Shearer were working
to compile information that may or may
not have been false to hand over to
Christopher Steele they didn't just hand
it over directly to Christopher Steele
however instead they sent it to Jonathan
Winer Jonathan Winer was working at the
State Department right he was working
for John Kerry at the State Department
he was a Hillary staffer who moved over
to to John Kerry and so the State
Department then funneled that
information not to the FBI but to the to
Christopher's field who included it in
the fusion GPS dossier which eventually
was forwarded to the FBI so it looks
like the State Department being
militarized on behalf of Hillary Clinton
to funnel information to Christopher
Steele who would then send it to the
the eye which would then look to target
the Trump campaign right that's what
this chain of information looks like
