oh here we are on Facebook live and it
is a pleasure and honor to welcome dr.
Jordan Peterson a friend of mine
professor of psychology University of
Toronto as well as a clinical
psychologist and cultural critic he's
risen to media prominence battling
anti-free speech laws in Canada and
using his YouTube channel to critique
political correctness in Western society
plus his biblical lectures are wildly
popular he has a brand new book out
twelve rules for life in antidote to
chaos it is topping all of the
bestseller charts right now and it
answers the question what does everyone
in the modern world needs to know it's a
pretty big question that you seek to
answer there Jordan so let's let's jump
right in so number one how do you feel
you've you've been the you've been the
the man of the moment and there's no
question that right now your star has
risen what do you attribute that to why
do you think it is that you went from
you know somebody who's sort of the
right-wing new even mid last year to
somebody who's now getting profiles in
all of the biggest newspapers on planet
Earth it's hard to put my finger on that
exactly I think some of it is a
consequence of the effect of YouTube you
know I mean I've been putting my
lectures on YouTube for a long time and
and then when the political situation
that I got embroiled in hit people came
because of the political content but
they stayed because of the I would say
academic content and so and then that
laid the groundwork for this book and
then of course I've been fortunate in
the oddest way with my choice of
interviews so the channel for interview
with Kathy Newman of course has gone
completely viral and then I've made a
lot of associations well with people
like you and other people on YouTube you
know and and that's really there's a lot
of power on the alternative media so to
speak now there's a lot of power in that
so it's the culmination of many things
but I'm also talking about things I
would say of fundamental importance and
things that our society is in danger of
forgetting or losing and that's a bad
thing and and for people to be reminded
of what that content is I think is
extraordinarily good for them one of the
things that I've found that's so
interesting is that there's a whole
group of people who talked about this on
Dave Rubin store on the Rubin report
there's a whole group of people who have
become wildly popular on YouTube and
they have popular shows and podcasts and
books and it's all because I think we
sort of share the the herman melville
bartleby quality which is that we're
just
sitting around saying no to things and
in today's society that seems like a it
seems like a real act of rebellion
simply to say no to the prevailing
current even if we all disagree with
each other on various matters large and
small you obviously came to prominence
originally originally for for one of the
reasons that I've gotten a lot of flack
in the United States and that's because
you refuse to use transgender pronouns
you've refused to allow people to pick
their own pronouns and obviously that
was a subject in the category of an
interview yeah well I've refused I
refused to do it because it was made
into a mandatory requirement by law and
so that was for me that was an
unacceptable intrusion of the political
ideologue into the private philosophical
and even theological spheres it's like
as far as I'm concerned I'm not willing
to let anyone dictate the content of my
speech for and and I have all sorts of
reasons for that many of which are
detailed in the book it's absolutely
unacceptable to me and so yeah I did say
no in a video I made that has become
quite infamous I suppose critiquing Bill
c16 know when it's being confused with a
statement that makes me transphobic and
bigoted and all of that but it was much
more fundamental than any of that which
is that the government does not get to
legislate what I say period I don't care
what it's about and I really seriously
mean that and I think that people knew
that when I made the video and so I took
that abstract issue and made it very
concrete I said I wasn't going to comply
with this ideological catastrophe and I
wasn't going to cede the linguistic
territory to the radical postmodern
Newmark and I think that last phrase
that postmodern Marxist phrase that's
one that you tend to use a lot and I and
if you don't mind I'd like you to kind
of dig down into that for folks who are
not super familiar with your material
when you talk about your critique of
post-modernism and in Marxism and the
postmodern Marxist movement the kind of
combination what do you mean by
postmodern well I think people are most
I think how people know this better in
this sort of day to day realm is as
identity politics so it's this idea that
first of all that you're defined by your
group which you are most certainly not
in my estimation and second that the
universe of mankind is a battleground of
warring groups all vying for power
and there is nothing else to vie for by
the way according to that doctrine and
that that's the proper way to view the
world and that you can add an oppressor
oppressed narrative on top of that and
that Orient's you properly in the world
and I don't not only do I not agree with
any of that I think it's dangerous
almost beyond belief I think we played
identity politics throughout the 20th
century both on the right and the left
and that the consequences of that was uh
Nutr ibly catastrophic and so that's
post-modernism post-modernism is the
doctrine that there are in part that
there are no grand narratives left and
that that there's an infinite number of
ways to interpret the world and that
there's no way of ranking those ways on
a value scale let's say and I believe
that to be not only wrong
philosophically but wrong factually and
and religiously it's wrong in every way
that something can be wrong which is
quite interesting and I think it's passe
actually this is one of the things that
I think is fascinating because you know
I've debated tam here so you're going to
do a couple of events with Sam up in
Canada and and you obviously have
fundamental disagreements with Sam you
had a three-hour conversation about the
nature of truth I have fundamental
disagreements with Sam about the nature
of where truth comes from but I think
where we all agree whether or not you
know we're all willing to admit it is
the idea that the postmodern critique of
truth itself is a failure that the idea
that that truth exists somewhere out
there and that it's up to us to discover
up to discover it we all come from a
different perspective I think as to how
do we get to that truth but the idea
that the truth exists and that is
something worth pursuing is something
that we all hold in common in this sort
of yeah right yeah absolutely well I
think there's a couple of things one is
that there's a there's a belief that
truth is not merely arbitrary which is a
really fundamental postmodern claim
which i think is i think it's wrong
there's a new book out by a psychologist
named Tomasello and i haven't seen it
yet but i know something about it I mean
he's documenting the accruing say
biological evidence for the emergence of
complex ethics even before the like what
would you say in in biological systems
even prior to the emergence of humanity
not only this their ethical truth but it
probably supersedes our species and I I
don't think there's any debate and
not anymore among serious biologists and
then I believe that there's a literary
and metaphorical and metaphysical
overlay on top of that there and I don't
exactly understand the relationship
between all those different what would
you call them levels of analysis but I'm
trying to do that and that's what I'm
trying to figure out in my lectures as
well so I think we all believe that
there's something about truth that's not
arbitrary and I also think we all
believe that one of the ways that you
approach that truth is through genuine
dialogue and that's not dialogue where
well I'm actually listening to you
because you there's always the chance
that you might know something that I
don't which is rule 11 in my book by the
way assume that the person that you're
listening to knows something you don't
yeah well I think that that's a huge
point for for I think all of us who are
in this particular area is is the
willingness to say and I think the more
you're willing to say this the better
off you're gonna be in life I don't know
a knowing where your area of expertise
ends knowing where somebody else is area
of expertise may begin and knowing that
you may not know everything I think is
the prerequisite to a happy life and
that's that's what's also fascinating is
that Jordan if people watch your stuff
on YouTube you're not somebody who comes
off as wildly optimistic when people
watch my stuff I'm not somebody who
comes off as wildly optimistic but what
I tend to get when I got in public and I
know you've discussed this before I
discuss this on on Dave's show as well
is you get a lot of people coming up to
and saying that they that you give them
hope that you have helped guide them in
their life that you've helped them make
their life better and it will you know
how do you reconcile the fact that you
know we can both be in so pessimistic
about human nature that we're not
full-on Marxist utopians who believe
that humanity is completely malleable
with the idea that there's so many
people who feel more optimistic after
having listened to the message that
you're promulgating in your book 12
rules for life yeah I know it's really
something because well I even see this
at the public talks so I talked here in
Toronto this week and I said you know I
basically told people that the most
undeniable truth most undeniable and
self-evident truth is that life is
tragedy and suffering tainted by
malevolence which is about as harsh a
message as you can possibly give and
everyone knows that a and so it's a
relief to people that someone just comes
out and says that but then I allied that
with a message that I think is in
concordance with with religious messages
for example but all
with psychological messages that despite
the fact that that is the landscape
through which we wander so a tragic
landscape that's tainted by by evil and
malevolence that there are ways of being
that help us transcend that and stop us
from participating in its brutality and
orient us towards a noble end and that
those things are because they're more
powerful than tragedy and more powerful
than malevolence they're even more real
and I really believe that like I truly
believe that the sense of meaning is the
fundamental instinct that grounds us in
being and I think the evidence for that
is increasingly overwhelmingly clear you
can make a very solid scientific case
for this even in my biblical lectures
like I tried to stay out of the
metaphysical you know I tried to stay in
the literary and psychological and
biological for for a variety of reasons
not that I deny the existence of
anything metaphysical it's a different
question but I think the facts that we
have at our disposal now neuro
physiologically from animal comparative
studies from high daguerreian philosophy
from Union psychoanalytic theory all
these sources point to a transcendent
ethic and I think it's an ethic that
that also produces highly functional
social units families and also highly
functional societies and I think we
nailed that in the West so we got it
right we got our metaphysics right right
- that that's the that's the next
question that I want to ask you because
whenever you talk about the the court of
sort of biological component of ethics
which is also something that Harris
talks about oh wait why is it the West
then got it right and other societies
didn't meaning if it's all biological
and it reduced down to a biological
function then why exactly do societies
differ and how they treat ethical
questions well I think that there's
there is commonality and difference I
mean there is evidence for example that
even in tyrannical cultures like let's
take Communist China for example that
stable families tend to have a
relatively democratic internal structure
no and so some of it is what people act
out and some of it is what people say
and I would say what people act out
worldwide in cultures that are
functional is quite similar what they
say about how they act is different and
so you might think about it as
a difference in the conscious mapping
function and I think what happened was
that partly because of the biblical
stories but also and the tremendous
analysis that went into them in the
great Western philosophical and literary
tradition and the tradition of free and
skeptical inquiry that we've done and
the development of institutions like
English common law and democracy is that
we've been able to articulate this
underlying ethic better and and not and
not necessarily always to act it out
obviously the West has its problems but
I think we've been we've been we've
we've well we're on we're in the
forefront of the proper articulation of
the transcending transcendent mode of
being and I do think a lot of that is a
consequence of the foundation of our
civilization in the biblical stories
because they're actually unbelievably
sophisticated so unbelievably
sophisticated ethically and that's
what's so fascinating also I think one
of the things that's happened is that
your biblical lectures which are you
know very abstruse I mean these are not
these are not lectures for beginners I
mean if you you actually have to know
the stories you have to be able to
listen closely you have to be able to
analyze and think along with you I mean
they're they're not they're not easy for
sure I mean you're but medicine meeting
is certainly not an easy book and yet
they have this huge follow I mean the
biblical lectures have a very big
following which raises yeah among all
sorts of people among atheists too and
among among Muslims as well from what I
being understanding yeah and that's
that's what that's one of the things
that's fascinating well I'm gonna get
letters from Orthodox Jews in Germany
saying you know they're really happy
about the lectures and I get letters
from Orthodox priests and monasteries
and like all religious people all over
the world regardless of denomination
saying well we're really enjoying these
biblical lectures and I think it's not
so strange the reasons for that as an
Orthodox Jew and having watched your
lectures I mean I think that that one of
the things that that I think a lot of
religious people come to is that whether
or not you believe in the in the truth
or falsity of the literalist
interpretation of these of these events
in the Bible which has been open to
interpretation in the biblical tradition
for a very long time particularly the
stories of Genesis right I mean the fact
is that if you look at if you look at
Jewish
with regard to Genesis these are all
stories that that you know there been
serious questions as to where exactly
the literal version of the Bible begins
because it certainly does not begin in
sort of the Jewish tradition at Adam and
Eve literally in a garden eating an
apple so then this is that being the
case one of the things that people have
resonated to is the fact that you talk
about more of the utility and the
necessity for stories like this in
guiding human beings and I think that's
what religious people resonate to and
that's something that I've argued right
I never argue from the Bible but what I
will say to people is you sort of have
to acknowledge that the values that the
Bible puts forward are the values that
you are living on the back of even if
you disagree with the veracity of the
Bible right well which which points to
something at least in principle about
the biblical narrative that's true it's
just misses where I auger it in with Sam
is that there's a kind of truth that we
don't understand well there's multiple
kinds of truths that we don't understand
but we don't really understand how to
deal with the fact that fiction tells
the truth because we can't figure out
how something that's fictional like a
Dostoyevsky novel for example can reveal
great truths and I kind of think of the
Bible as its like meta it's like meta
fiction and in some ways that makes it
more true than reality so interesting
there's a book called the Master and
Margarita which is a great book by a
Russian named Bulgakov and it details
satan's adventures in 1930s soviet union
when he comes back to earth and because
no one believes in him he can do
whatever he wants but he details out the
adventures of the Apostles when they
write down what happens in Christ's life
and there they're inspired by God to
write down the stories but what they
write down is not a factual account of
what's actually happened in front of
their eyes they're writing a different
kind of history of the events and it's
it's a mythologized history as one way
of thinking about it no but these are
these are this is something we don't
understand well and it's something I'm
really looking forward to discussing
with Sam because I don't understand what
he makes of the fact that fiction can
tell the truth what kind of truth is
that like he insisted that the only
truth is scientific truth which is
clearly wrong there's the truth of the
heart and there's the truth of the
flight of an arrow
you know the word true is used in all
sorts of ways that it is much more
archaic than scientific truth but there
is truth in fiction and the Bible is a
kind of complex fiction whatever else it
might be and it's a kind of complex
fiction that reveals a truth that's more
true than factual history because
factual history also requires a
narrative right
you can't tell factual history without a
story and so history is also a strange
discipline because it's partly empirical
but also partly narrative mm-hmm well
well there's all fascinating stuff and I
wish that we had more time but we'll
have to do this again very soon Turner
come back to LA so we definitely well
dr. Peterson's new book is 12 rules for
life an antidote to chaos if you haven't
seen it yet it really is terrific I've
read it I can recommend it highly it's
something everybody should read and
watching dr. Peterson's work and
watching his lectures it is a way to
make your life better I mean there are a
lot of people who watch it and feel
helped by it there's a self-help
component of it that I'm not even sure
that Jordan you were anticipating when
you when you first begin doing what
you're doing but clearly because I am a
clinical psychologist yes true
my goal has been to bring large scale to
bring effective psychological
interventions to as large a population
as possible it's been a conscious goal
since the early 1990s well is it you
clearly do it here in the book so you've
clearly fulfilled that that Tilos so
that's that's pretty exciting so the
book is 12 rules for life and antidote
to chaos the the guest at dr. Jordan
Peterson Jordan thanks so much for
joining us this Facebook live with Ben
Shapiro
you
