the economy for which as the mainstream
media have been telling me for months
and months Barack Obama is solely
responsible and Donald Trump is not in
any way responsible has tanked we will
analyze why stocks are down and most
importantly who to blame then it's our
100th episode to celebrate will be using
daily wires incredible streaming
technology to interview future me
Michael from the 200th episode boy that
is that is going to be great I can't
wait to see how incredible our show
looks by the 200th episode Marshall it
may gonna be great I can't can't wait
then Amanda presto Giacomo and Josh Asma
joined the panel of deplorable z' to
discuss Harvard's banning all single
gender clubs except for the female ones
equality hashtag equality we will also
discuss the English teacher who was
fired and reported to a counterterrorism
agency for telling a lesbian student
that God loves her and finally satanic
yoga then because all nature is but art
unknown to thee this day in history is
both Ronald Reagan's birthday and 73
years later the day that the Gipper
announced the Reagan doctrine we will
cover it all I am Michael Knowles and
this is the Michael Knowles show
there is a lot to get to today
especially me interviewing me from the
200th episode that's gonna be pretty
wild I've never seen something like that
before
I wonder how much bigger our studio
guests would be nice to get out of this
broom closet we'll probably even be on
network television by then so we'll get
to that right away but not before we
talk about man crates man crates are you
know I talk about man crates all the
time I love them I have several man
crates products in my pocket right now
to light up my stogies and problem
probably a whiskey glass in there too
just from last night bumbling around man
crates is excellent so Valentine's Day
is coming up giving your guy a box of
chocolates for Valentine's Day is so so
boring you should surprise him with a
heart-shaped box of delicious beef jerky
the ultimate snack for Daisy ACK I can
tell you look I've tried everything I've
tried oystamato nothing puts me in the
right mood for the boudoir quite like a
heart-shaped box of beef jerky and a
Stanford easyacc that brings us to man
crates dot-com which is the only place
to find awesome gifts that men will love
this isn't a cologne thing or a cheesy
mug man crates offers curated gift
collections for every type of guy from
the sports fanatic to the home chef to
the outdoorsman I'm none of those guys
but I do like whiskey and cigars and hey
you have to separate actually multiple
man crates even just for those but they
have a lot of really good ones they have
the classics like the NFL bar where
crate the whiskey appreciation crate if
fresh takes on traditional Valentine's
gifts like the jerky heart or the salami
bouquet that's actually how sweet little
ELISA proposed to me she got down on one
knee offered me a salami bouquet I was
hers forever I go to man crates dot-com
pick the perfect gift then wait for that
magic moment he will fall head over
heels when this gift arrives and the way
it comes you might have seen this ad a
little trouble opening it you know
because I'm not the most beefcake Adonis
that's walking around and so the man
crate comes and I got my gift wrapped
which means they put it in a lot of duct
tape then they give you a crowbar and
you have to fit it up and pry open the
crate and then you get all of the cool
stuff that's inside it's it's a lot of
fun if you can't do it if you have some
trouble you go to the help page and it
says try harder which is good advice
good advice for everything in life
so you've got to check it that's really
fun I talk about this a lot giving a
gift is usually much less about the gift
than then the relationship I gave this
to you this is a thing we share oh yes
Johnny gave me this so and so right and
the experience of opening this gift it's
really really fun they have thousands of
five-star reviews every gift comes with
a complete satisfaction guarantee so
what can you do don't say I never did
anything for you go to man crates
dot-com / Knowles kayo wles as in Sam
for 5% off they do not offer this
discount anywhere else so get 5% off
right now at man crates dot-com /
Knowles
what is it Marshall / Knowles go get it
it's a lot of fun okay to celebrate our
100th episode we are lucky enough to be
joined by a no doubt illustrious guest
he was not easy to find but through our
state-of-the-art daily wire technology
we are going to speak with Michael from
the 200th episode do we have him let's
bring on future Michael Michael Michael
is that you
Michael Michael
yep Michael it's me it's me from the
hundredth episode I can't hear you that
well holy
how much golf FA did I smoke
Michael Michael you're not dead Michael
Michael I am you from the hundredth
episode are you are you doing some kind
of shoot for the 200th episode let you
get to it I guess I'm not the only one
puffin on fifth no you make it to 200
episodes what do you mean I didn't make
it to 200 episodes are you Oh Michael
oh you stupid swarthy loud your stupid
sketches you got a podcast about
politics we wanted to hear about
politics and culture and history you are
you stupid sweaters stupid looks like
the feed is cutting out looks like the
feeds cutting out Marshall
all right um let's talk about the
economy man was that just this future
may have alopecia or something like that
is very that's very scary stuff okay the
Dow fell by eleven hundred seventy five
points on Monday I know I'm sorry
I'm sorry I said that wrong the Obama
stock market fell by 1,170 points on
Monday we just got to get we're just
gonna get fact fact fact here this this
is not looking good for the future in
the Obama economy
it's the Obama economy right president
Trump has nothing to do with it that's
what Democrats have been yelling and
telling me for a year so Obama actually
handed over a wonderful economy to trump
an administration that has done not very
much to contribute to this strong
economy the economy was in a ditch and
Barack Obama pulled it out the ditch
shined it up put us back on the road and
took us to another level
Donald Trump is riding the wave of the
success of President Obama he has done
nothing to contribute to the success of
the economy right
works for me but if unlike Democrats I'm
being honest the story is more
complicated the Dow fell 1175 points
yesterday the market sell-off began last
week it's sped up on Monday which
affected global markets
yesterday's drop was the single largest
day drop in the Dow history the S&P 500
had its worst day in seven years market
volatility has been accelerating in
recent months jumping by more than 100
percent
japan's Nikkei dropped four point seven
percent that was its largest single-day
drop since brexit markets in Hong Kong
Europe in the UK also tanked then this
morning the dow dropped another 500
points four trillion dollars was wiped
away from global markets yesterday
Bitcoin is down to around seven thousand
dollars after hitting nearly 20,000 in
December I know it's shocking that a
thing that's completely fake and made-up
has crashed so more importantly whose
fault is it well I am more than happy to
follow the lead of Democrat hacks on TV
and start calling this the Obama economy
but the situation is much more
complicated and with any complex system
like the US economy or the global
economy for that matter the president
has some influence the press the
previous president has some influence
and on many counts the president has
nothing to do with it so of course
president Trump has been touting the
record market highs since he's been in
office this is understandable but
ultimately it's not a great strategy
because if you take credit when the
market soars you're going to have a more
difficult time explaining why it's not
your fault when the market tanks I spoke
to some friends of mine in the upper
echelon of high finance or as I am told
to pronounce it Finance Fanning in high
finance their expert analysis of the
market drop is that nobody has any idea
what's going on that's the best thinking
give me sounds about right you know
because financial analysts are like
sports analysts and political analysts
they have no idea what's happening and
most of their predictions are wrong and
then they just keep showing up to work
and people keep listening to them for
some reason so there is one theory
that's interesting there's one theory
that there are a bunch of short
volatility strategies that are driven by
algorithms so when prices prices fall
abruptly that actually triggers more
selling so
it becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy
and feeds on itself and it gets you
crazy drops like we saw yesterday so in
this sense we can't really blame Obama
or Trump Artemis Capital Management
explains it like a snake eating its own
tail
so in extreme heat a snake's metabolism
will spike out of control and in this
mania it will be unable to differentiate
between its tail and food so it starts
eating itself until it dies like this in
a market where both stocks and bonds are
overvalued a feedback loop of very very
low interest rates debt expansion asset
volatility and financial engineering
will cause volatility to reinforce
itself both lower and higher it's too
bad that we don't have one of those
precious metal companies right now
that's sponsoring the show yes we would
be selling precious metals like
gangbusters but sad missed opportunity
what can we do Donald Trump certainly
gets credit for certain aspects of the
economy he gets credit for consumer
confidence he gets credit for the
repatriation of corporate funds held
overseas for cutting the corporate tax
rate to make us competitive he gets
credit for economic growth at levels
that of Barack Obama's own economists
said we're impossible Donald Trump gets
credit for those things even the IMF the
International Monetary Fund admits as
much a couple of weeks ago the Wall
Street Journal pulled 68 business
financial and academic economists as to
whether Trump gets credit for the strong
economy the majority of them agreed that
he does that said markets correct
themselves this happens analysts have
been predicting this for a long time
HSBC says the correct correction is long
overdue the SP was up 8% in January that
doesn't go on forever I'm sorry to say
you weren't gonna get 8% a month for the
next 11 months the Dow is fall on Friday
was an ominous 666 points growing that a
good sign
Wharton professor Jeremy Siegel actually
thinks the correction could be a good
thing even up to a 10% fall we still
won't have a bear market in 2018 he says
and that would be good
because we need to get through more
months about what eight more months now
of at least the appearance of a strong
economy or else the perception will
become the reality of electing Democrats
I promise you that will not be good for
the economy so let's talk some news with
the
that's on the markets I wanted to just
break that down a little bit because
we're gonna be hearing a lot of
ridiculous partisan nonsense from on
both sides of the aisle for for a little
bit and I at least want you to know I
want you to have some honest partisan
nonsense
I want you to know where your propaganda
comes from honestly so we have the
lovely Amanda presto Giacomo and the
decidedly less lovely Josh Yasmine thank
you both for being here
the first question Harvard University
has banned all gender exclusive clubs on
and off campus except for the female
ones but all of the other ones for
instance they have been the male
organizations and they've banned the
men's clubs and the the group guys
groups they banned and the fellows
lodges all of those are banned it's just
the female ones that aren't the move
hits fraternities but really it's
directed toward Harvard's final clubs
this is kind of like the secret
societies at Yale and if these
prestigious clubs I actually have some
experience of Harvard's final clubs I
was not allowed into one during my
junior year of college
we were up in Cambridge for the game and
I drank a lot of Four Loko when that was
still legal a lot of caffeine and malt
liquor or something and I repeatedly
blew a vuvuzela into some Harvard guys
face and then they wouldn't let me into
their club so this is karma guys this is
what you get for not letting me in as
far as I'm concerned Amanda
women are allowed to keep their clubs
but men are not the logic here is that
Harvard men have privileged true but
women enrolled at the oldest university
in the United States
Harvard women somehow it do not have
privilege this seems to tie in a little
bit with the narrative here that men are
predators who must be castrated and all
women are victims a poll shows 31% of
female Harvard students claim to have
been sexually assaulted on campus
whatever that means whatever sexual
assault ISM is means to say what is
going on here is Harvard Yard more
dangerous for women than downtown
Fallujah that's what those studies would
tell you but as we've seen time and
again a lot of those studies are super
broad and ambiguous like for instance if
you had sex then your credit at the next
day that would count as you being
sexually assaulted or you know rape so
there's their endless people I know
George Will did a really good piece on
this just
bunking a lot of those surveys so no
that's not the case and by the way if
that's the case then then if regret
constitutes a sexual assault then Josh
is gotta be the most wanted man entire
country I'm sorry I finish your point
Amanda with any objectivity and then
also it's just funny to see this that
this is like the status of feminism
today is that it's like cafeteria-style
feminism so we know we're exactly the
same or you know there's no difference
for men and women so you know we're
gonna have all these policies that there
is no difference so there can't be a
man's only Club a woman's only Club but
at the same time we want the Women's
Club because we want special treatment
like it's like really patronizing and
weird how trying to say we still get the
good stuff like we thought you know
we're gonna lower standards so I can
fight in combat but at the same time I
better not be in the draft so it doesn't
make any sense you kind of just like
cafeteria style pick what you want and
that doesn't make any sense that's why
you have to subscribe to real feminism
which is acknowledges that men and women
are different though they can be equal
under real feminism which is anti
feminism and we need it we need a
quality so that we can treat people with
special privileges so that we can have
more equality or something Josh Barack
Obama's Centers for Disease Control
spent a million dollars on a study to
reduce rigid masculinity now I'm not
suggesting you're an expert on this but
why does the left hate men and
masculinity I mean very mean to Josh
today that's not good why does the left
hate men and masculinity well first of
all I really appreciated your beard in
that future segment I knew it was fake
because you don't have the capacity to
go down nice here we go so as far as
rigid masculinity talks at night and
toxic masculinity I think we need to
acknowledge that the sexual assault is a
problem you know there isn't acknowledge
that yeah I agree I well it's a problem
I don't think that downplaying it helps
and I think that while these programs
may be
misguided do you think 31% of women at
Harvard University have been raped on
campus does anyone actually believe that
no III can't speak to those stats but
Amanda do you think they're eighty-one
percent of women on Harvard's campus
have been they know there's harm to
playing that stuff up as well I mean
there's harm to just because then we
have you know memos from the Obama
administration directing people that you
don't really need evidence right if
someone comes forward you don't to tell
that person that they've been accused
all we have these kangaroo courts on
campus because we overplay this this
rape culture nonsense us backed up by
nothing but these ambiguous survey so
it's actually it's a danger we need to
go with the actual facts
we can't it's danger to play this stuff
up when it's not really there that's
right and this actually isn't the
craziest example from campus even in
today's news cycle an English teacher
like the country not like the subject
though she is a subject because she's
English an English teacher has been
fired and reported to a counterterrorism
agency because she had the audacity to
answer her students questions about
Christianity she's now a radicalization
threat as she told a lesbian student
that God loves her that's what makes her
a terrorist Amanda how has God loves us
become hate speech I don't know I mean
they're in this and this report in this
write-up apparently there's an atheist
teacher who discusses his views openly
who said some pretty crazy things
apparently he showed the children I
don't know what high school I think I
don't know how old like these high
school these kids are but he showed them
a picture of like a naked woman or
whatever he was suspended for three
months and now he's back to teaching and
like nothing you know that's just like a
slap on the wrist but if you have a
religious person so you see the extreme
bias here happen to say that they you
know hold certain views and then tell
somebody that God loves them which
apparently is harmful you know they're
out of there that you know that it's
just it's another clear bias that we've
seen here in the States over and over
and then of course it's really strong on
college campuses as we've seen that with
Ben all the time right and Josh on this
point
this show the silliness and maybe the
ultimate futility of a hard separation
of church and state do jihad ease and
Christian teachers who say God loves you
pose an equal threat to the public so
you're talking about the story from the
UK correct yes
where she was you know she was at a
government-funded school and she talked
about her personal views she was asked
about Christianity she was and she
answers well she she is Christian
she is Christians so Christianity is her
personal view right I I come from the
camp maybe you know I hate to be a
contrarian again but I come from the
camp where I don't think that the
teachers should talk about her religious
views at a government-funded school so
she can't Jannetty she can't talk about
the religion of the West well she wasn't
teaching a segment on Christianity she
was asked what are your personal views
on homosexuality and she answered and I
don't know if that's appropriate at a
government-funded school so she'd sheep
said I'm sorry I'm sorry you've asked a
question about the Christian sexual
ethic and even though Christianity is
the animating force of the West even
though it's the it is the major world
religion I can't answer that question
because if I answer a question about
Christianity
the coppers are gonna come in and call
me a terrorist that's how we shall run
government schools look this straw man I
agree I don't think that she should have
been reported to a counter-terrorism
organization you know that's that's
obviously absurd but at the same time
you know if you're teaching math or
you're teaching you know geometry
something else and someone asked
question about your personal religious
beliefs then I think there's a time and
a place for that and from what I read it
sounded like she went on a tangent at a
time when she was asked a question you
know this is one and she said a very
hateful statement that God loves
lesbians that hateful bigoted statement
it's a good thing that we didn't have
that our scientists weren't selected
based on their religious views and our
teachers weren't excluded for being
Christian in the beginning of modernity
because then we wouldn't have had Isaac
Newton we wouldn't have had Kepler we
wouldn't have had bacon we wouldn't have
had Pascal we wouldn't we wouldn't have
discovered the Big Bang because George
lamento was a Catholic priest that's
probably pretty bad we wouldn't have
discovered the human genome on and on
and on it seems to me a totally false
separation between faith and reason
between light and truth between church
and state
obviously England is a Christian country
there is a Church of England the queen
of England is the head of the Church of
England and must we then pretend that
the Queen the head of England and the
head of the Church of England reigns
over a country that is totally separated
from the religion that animates it that
animates the its laws that animates its
traditions and its institutions this
seems like pie-in-the-sky
leftist utopianism am I wrong Josh I
think it's a little bit more complicated
than that I think that you know touting
the achievements of Western civilization
while accurate you know it isn't adding
the Christianity of the great scientists
of the West the profound Christianity
Isaac Newton spent years interpreting
Scripture I think the modern UK is a
very different place than the you know
then the England of years past you know
and putting up a ceremonial post like
the Church of England or the monarchy
the Church of England isn't a ceremonial
post it's a church but they have no
political clout it's not it's not the
same you know the Anglican Church has no
political clout it's meaningless I do
think it's but I do think it also has a
little clout because the Queen runs it
we have to move on to that and that is a
that is a good point though because it
has in many ways the UK and the Church
of England have become husks of their
former selves and Josh may be
celebrating but I'm a little upset about
it man
moving on to this final question our pal
Matt Walsh I think we've all seen this
article floating right he sent out a
tweet and became public enemy number one
voxcom started writing hit pieces about
him and I don't he's that one tweet
about how ridiculous yoga is and people
lose their minds
Matt Walsh says that you
is pagan and that Christians should not
do it Amanda is right isn't he
Yoga is pagan it relates to Hinduism
relates to Buddhism and Jainism the
exercise is thoroughly spiritual some of
the mantras that people repeat during
yoga are things that say I am the
universal self or the unit whatever
right the whole point of yoga is that
you cannot separate the physical from
the spiritual why do Christians and even
atheists indulge the spiritual ritual
for their physical exercise shouldn't we
just all do Pilates or something instead
I pretty much agree with Matt Walsh on
everything I'm very extreme just like he
is open about it you know I know how
hardcore I am and when I initially saw
this cause he wrote a full piece on it
and that the comments actually on it is
lit you need something to do for Friday
night read that but I was at first I was
like okay this is a little extreme this
is like a stretch you know but then I
read his arguments and lo and behold I'm
just as Extreme as Matt Walsh
it's definitely rooted in paganism and
if you remember when I was in college I
was on the soccer team and they made us
take a yoga class and I remember like
being uncomfortable because it was so
spiritual there are like it's not like
it's totally like detached from this
it's not like you know like things that
were pagan in the past that have been
transformed into like Christian
practices it's not like that it still
has that's very like it's still a pagan
ritual and it still practices that in a
lot of these like yoga studios or even
if you do it on your own I mean a lot of
the poses and the things you stay like
when you when you echo the the yogi
whatever and yeah is big and so if you
I think his question is how does this
advance your Christianity how does this
bring you closer to the kingdom of God
and if you can't even if it doesn't then
why not choose a different exercise
that's right and they do you're going to
and they do have these different poses
they have the downward dog and the Sun
Salutation and the worship ball and some
of them seem a little more demonic than
others Josh you are a decadent pagan but
at least you're an insightful why do a
theists embrace this sort of thing is
the is the cultural fascination with
yoga a to play devil's advocate here
literally devil's advocate in this case
and disagree a bit with with Amanda is
it possible that the cultural
fascination with yoga is a good if
dangerous phenomenon in so much as it
shows that self professed atheists and
the spiritual but not religious crowd
are indeed themselves longing for the
spiritual world longing for the
metaphysical world longing for God I
don't think that it's that complicated I
think that Yoga is just a product of
cross-cultural communication and what
the yoga that's practiced in Los Angeles
Brooklyn Portland Seattle is not the
kind of yoga that's practice at Hindu
temples I mean let's let's be real these
are you know millennial you know
kombucha drinking vegetarians go in and
it's just like it's it's part of their
kind of like secular ritual it's it's
stripped of all religious significance
it's not a religious activity and
frankly Matt Walsh's argument is
ridiculous
like this is just a fun little thing
that no worshiping Moloch is a fun
little thing no it's really fun to ya
just kneel down before Baphomet it's so
fun and little I do agree with you most
of these people are just doing this sort
of silly thing on their way between
kombucha breaks but nevertheless the
point of yoga is that the physical is
spiritual and the spiritual isn't
fleshed and there is a relation here and
everybody's got to serve somebody I
think a lot of people can pretend that
they're totally independent they're
totally liberated they're above
themselves above it all floating in this
ethereal world and don't it's okay if I
do something with my body
or if I were taken certain activities
that has no spiritual significance or
metaphorical significance or moral
significance but they're fooling
themselves because these cultural
culture is insidious right politics is
downstream of culture and what you
culture and cult come from the same root
and there's a relationship between what
we do in our culture and the sort of
things that we think about the world
the sort of things that we worship as a
society and that relationship should not
be downplayed too much but listen guys
this has been a lovely panel it was even
nice having Josh even having you here it
was very very insightful for both of you
thank you for being here we have Josh
Yasmine and Amanda Presta Giacomo we
have got to get to this day in history
but first before we can do any of that
I've got to talk to you about Skillshare
so listen I clearly need to bone up on
some of my skills I don't know anything
about foreign policy so I've got to call
Joshy asthma I don't know much about
feminism and I certainly don't want to
so I'll call up a man to press DiGiacomo
but this time of culture this time in
industry you need a side hustle you need
to have a lot of skills this isn't the
old days where you would work at the
plant for 60 years and retire with a
nice pension so I know it's the it's a
new year it's a new year it's a new you
man I think everybody is already ditched
most of their New Year's resolutions but
hey maybe you should take this one up so
you can actually learn something
Skillshare is an online learning
platform with over 18,000 classes in
design business technology and more you
can take classes and graphic design
social media marketing illustration
mobile photography anything I'm doing
one I'm a time management because I need
to actually need to find more time to
finish that class but hopefully that
will fix itself once I'm finished
whether you are trying to deepen your
professional skill set start a side
hustle or just explore a new passion
skill share is there to keep you
learning and thriving it is really a
great resource in the old days you used
to have to leave your couch and if you
wanted to learn something you have to
find somebody to go to a classroom now
you don't have to do any of that this is
the 21st century take advantage of it
you can join the millions of students
who are already learning on Skillshare
today with a special offer just for my
listeners this is a great offer and if
you don't take it you're a dummy and if
you're a dummy then you should start
looking at skill shares so that you get
smarter you can get two months of skill
share for just 99 cents that is
practically free that is right skill
share is offering michael knowles show
listeners two months of unlimited access
to over 18,000 classes for just 99 cents
you can't complain that you don't know
how to do something or you know you
haven't learned something you are
getting virtually endless knowledge
virtually for free do it to sign up go
to Skillshare comm slash michael mi CH
AE l again go to Skillshare comm slash
michael mi CH AE l to start your two
months now that in what is it martial
skill sure comm slash Michael okay I
have got to say goodbye to Facebook and
YouTube before we get this day in
history this is a good this day in
history this is a providential this day
in history because it's Ronald Reagan's
birthday and the announcement of the
Reagan doctrine for my hundredth episode
but if you are on Facebook and YouTube
I'm sorry folks
you got to go to daily wire.com you
we've enjoyed having you you're probably
not watching on youtube because they
keep punishing us but that's a story for
another day
so go to daily wired.com what do you get
you'll get me you get the under claiming
sure you get the Ben Shapiro show you
get the conversation which I'm gonna be
in it's coming up folks and it's around
Valentine's Day so we can get a little
lovey-dovey just you and me ask the love
doctor all of your questions and I will
answer them for you and probably give
you a terrible advice so you get all of
that that's great forget about it you
get the leftist tears tumblr look the
Obama economy is tanking I don't know if
I've said this enough the Obama economy
for which Barack Obama is this sole
responsible party and Donald Trump has
nothing to do with it it is tanking and
you're gonna need these leftist tears
tumblr to store it obviously you're not
gonna have a lot of money to buy it so
get it now before the the markets go
completely to trash so it is the leftist
years tumblr you can get your leftist
ears hot or cold always salty and
delicious go to daily wire comm we'll be
right back
it's time for this day in history this
day in history because nature is but art
unknown today and chance direction which
thou canst not see on our hundredth
episode on this day in history in 1911
Ronald Reagan was born and on this very
same day in 1985 Ronald Reagan announced
his foreign policy program the Reagan
doctrine which has been badly
misunderstood by his political
descendants so Ronald Reagan was a born
born a good American boy he he grew up
and became a star of film and television
he I'm sorry I've lost my place he was
oh yes he was called a dunce by the left
and self-appointed elite conservatives
alike he entered the Oval Office in an
advanced age he was divorced and
remarried he fought cultural battles
from the White House he frequently added
provocative lines to his speeches that
drove his advisors crazy he effected tax
cuts and deregulation at home and
strength abroad and he restored
America's leadership in the world after
a disastrous Democrat administration
yeah that's where I was that's what I
that's what I couldn't find that sounds
kind of familiar doesn't it that must be
deja vu I don't know on this day in 1985
on his birthday Reagan articulated the
foreign policy strategy that would come
to be known as the Reagan doctrine he
explained quote freedom is not the sole
prerogative of a chosen few it is a
universal right of all God's children he
went on we must stand by our Democratic
allies and we must not break faith with
those who are risking their lives on
every continent from Afghanistan to
Nicaragua to defy soviet supported
aggression and secure rights which have
been ours from birth support for freedom
fighters is self-defense these lines
have regularly been ridiculed in the
wake of September 11th as we now fight
groups of radical Muslims who appear
similar to some of the freedom fighters
we once supported even though really at
that point isn't even true there's this
left-wing suggestion that we funded
Osama bin Laden in the 1980s that's
patently false
but Reagan's words are entirely true
unfortunately they're usually quoted out
of context the freedom fighters risked
their lives to defy soviet supported
aggression to defy communism our mortal
enemy
the Reagan doctrine does not exist in
the ether floating above reality above
time and space the Reagan doctrine
guided the country to its victory in the
Cold War we won the Cold War
Ronald Reagan won the Cold War and now
we're here and we can long for the days
of Ronald Reagan the Gipper was a great
man and the 1980s were a great time in
many ways it was more sophisticated and
it was more polite and was more
civilized but now we're in a different
time with different priorities and
different challenges and different
political leaders applying strategies
outside of their time and context can
prove disastrous as we've seen in
several interventions longing for the
good old days is the sign of a decadent
culture a healthy culture moves forward
Ronald Reagan didn't try to solve the
problems of Chester Arthur or Grover
Cleveland so too we should honor the
Reagan legacy by living in our own time
and space and applying his guiding
principles along with timeless
philosophy and enduring tradition to the
challenges we face today to quote two
great men that's the only way that we'll
ever make America great again that's our
show that's our hundred show thank you
for being here thanks for watching for
these hundred shows I appreciate it I
haven't been fired yet by Shapiro
that's really nice we'll see what
happens before the 200th episode really
it kind of worries me is it can I affect
the space-time continuum or anything I'm
well we'll see we'll see what happens
please download this and send it to your
friends and leave five star reviews and
that will hopefully keep me out of the
dumpster doing doing unsavory things
this is the Michael Nolt show I am
Michael Knowles please come back
tomorrow we'll do it all again
the Michael Noel's show is produced by
Marshall Benson executive producer
Jeremy Borah senior producer Jonathan
hey supervising producer
Mathis Glover our technical producer is
Austin Stevens edited by Alex Zangaro
audio is mixed by Mike Cora Mina hair
and makeup is by Joshua Avera the
Michael Noel's show is a daily wire for
word publishing production copyright for
word publishing 2018
