we begin today with Justin Trudeau
suffice it to say that Justin Trudeau is
Owen Wilson from Meet the Parents except
without the woodworking skill Justin
Trudeau is one of the more obnoxious
sycophantic ridiculous idiotic get
teenage girls in a boy's body that I've
ever seen I mean it's just it's insane
the guy's only famous because his dad
was Gary Trudeau his previous life well
what did he do in his previous career I
can't remember it was something
ridiculous it was like he was a grocery
check or something dumb he was it not
the grocery checkers are dumb but it's
not really a qualification for being
Prime Minister of Canada his his career
before that let's see in 2009 he was
appointed to the Liberal Party's critic
for youth and multiculturalism in 2011
here's a point that is critic for
secondary education he was a he grew he
worked as a teacher in Vancouver he
completed one year of an engineering
program one year and then one year of a
master's program an environmental
geography and and he worked in and he
was an athlete or something and so
there's a bunch of pictures of this
shirt off and apparently this makes the
ladies swoon or some such nonsense in
any case Justin Trudeau was on camera
and he said several silly things on
camera here is one of the silly things
that he said on camera he was asked
someone wanted to ask him a question
about mankind the person asking the
question happened to be a female student
like a woman so Justin Trudeau manse
plains to her that she shouldn't use the
word mankind for oh my good just watch
this watch this more on maternal love is
the love that's going to change the
future of mankind so we'd like you to
look we would like to say people kind
not necessarily mankind what the f is
wrong with this guy people kind do you
mean humankind like an actual word
people kind and as Jack Handey once said
mankind is made up with two words man
can end you don't know what either of
them means and that's why mankind is so
mysterious but still like Justin Justin
Trudeau my god the man is if the song
imagine could take human form and then
eat a tide pod that would be Justin
Trudeau he is do you understand the
stupidity of this first of all the word
mankind comes from humankind it is just
a shortened version of version of
humankind
