there's a lot going on in the news and
we are not going to talk about any of it
we're going to talk about a more
important question should conservatives
accept and embrace gay marriage do
conservatives need to embrace gay
marriage to survive we will speak to
YouTube star and the author of made for
love same-sex attractions and the
Catholic Church father Michael Schmitz
we will discuss what has become one of
the central preoccupations of our age
even though it only affects a relatively
small number of Americans we will
discuss a whole range of subjects with
regard to sexual morality and the
question of same-sex marriage and decide
once and for all what the GOP and
conservatives should do
I am Michael Knowles and this is the
Michael Nolt Jew
in 2001 Americans opposed monogamous
same-sex unions opposed including those
in the definition of marriage by a
margin of 57 percent to 35 percent by
2017 those numbers had more than flipped
to 62 percent supporting same-sex
marriage and 32 percent opposing it 56
percent of baby boomers support same-sex
marriage I think around 150 million
percent of Millennials support it even
41 percent of the greatest generation
the Silent Generation supports same-sex
marriage the leading demographic
supporting same-sex marriage are the
religiously unaffiliated the so-called
nuns who support same-sex marriage at a
rate of a shocking eighty-five percent
two thirds of mainline Protestants now
support same-sex marriage but those guys
will believe anything you know they're
wrong on a number of things mainline
Protestantism is basically just a
country club I think at this point
leading the opposition the same-sex
marriage or white evangelical
Protestants with only 35% of them
approving it though that number did rise
eight percentage points from 27 percent
in just one year incredibly two-thirds
of Catholics whose pontiff calls gay
marriage quote a machination of the
father of lies who seeks to deceive and
confuse the children of God support
same-sex marriage 73 percent of
Democrats and 70 percent of independents
support it while even 40 percent of
Republicans support same-sex marriage
nearly doubling over the past decade in
2001 one third of both blacks and whites
supported same-sex marriage today
two-thirds of whites and half of black
Americans support it women are more
likely than men to support same-sex
marriage though both the numbers there
they're high for both 64 percent for
women and 60 percent for men
sweet little ELISA is indicative of this
gender divide she has been encouraging
me to get a gay marriage for years so
that she can finally get away and be
free understandable how do we explain
this marriage shift on the question of
same-sex marriage to help us answer that
we are joined by father Michael Schmitz
and before we get to Father Schmitz who
has a wonderful new book at and a lot to
say I have got to talk to you about a
very important thing that keeps our
lights on this is zip recruiter if
you're hiring
me tell you something we have learned
this the hard way at the Daily wire the
way that we hire people is that we go to
the sidewalk in front of the insane
asylum and we pick out the craziest
looking person there is and we give him
either a job as a CEO or a producer or
an executive producer this isn't it
turns out the best way to hire people
what you should do is go to sip
recruiter every business needs great
people and a better way to find them
something better than posting your job
online and just praying for the right
people to see it that only works if
you're friends with father Schmidt but
if you're not if you're just
run-of-the-mill company you got a you
got to look for something else - as if
recruiter knew that there was a smarter
way so they built a platform that finds
the right job candidates for you a zip
recruiter learns what you're looking for
identifies people with the right
experience and it invites them to apply
for the job so a lot of job boards you
just post your job and it goes out into
the ether and nobody ever sees it and
that's it and they say they've given you
a service zip recruiter finds the people
for you it notifies them this is a
really important step these invitations
have revolutionized how you find your
next hire in fact 80% of employers who
post a job on zip recruiter get a
quality candidate through the site in
just one day and zip recruiter doesn't
stop there they even spotlight the
strongest applications you receive so
you never miss a great match the right
candidates are out there as if
recruiters how you find them businesses
of all sizes trust zip recruiter for
their hiring needs and right now I know
you always want free things don't you
people well that's fine my listeners can
try zip recruiter absolutely free that
is right absolutely free just go to zip
recruiter com /m KS that is zip
recruiter com /m KS what is it Marshall
slash MKS zip recruiter is the smartest
way to hire alright and they keep the
lights on that's the best thing about
those guys it's a great service but they
help keep come on man
support them ok we're joined by father
Michael Schmitz father Schmitz thank you
so much for being here thanks Michael I
right off the bat I have to apologize
that I do not have my hot or cold let
this here's mug I just have a DC Comics
I'm sorry
that you know I I'm sorry for you it's
ok obviously
you know you can probably enjoy them in
just about any vessel they are always
delicious but this is the only one
that's fda-approved to maintain those
leftist years hot or cold always salty
and delicious so we'll have to get one
out to you right now in the it just to
protect your health protect the rectory
from the fallout absolutely right you
know you don't want you don't want them
go to go bad that's right oh they never
go bad they're all they stay great
forever and ever so for those of you who
don't know father Schmitz he has a great
YouTube channel I think it is fair to
say father Schmitz you are the most
prominent YouTube star among the
Catholic clergy you're at least up there
pretty big bishop merriment is big
father rut ler has some great videos
online
but father Schmitz channel ascension
presents has been viewed by over 11
million viewers he has a new book out
from Ignatius made for love same-sex
attraction and the Catholic Church
so father Schmitz to begin there are
examples we are always told in classical
antiquity of same-sex unions and even
unions that resemble marriage the Roman
Emperor Nero apparently sort of married
a young boy for us after the death of
his first two wives
he made his boy bride to dress up like a
lady at public events so wikipedia tells
me now of course Nero did it is not
exactly an endorsement before they
married oh yeah right there's that daddy
exec yeah there there were a lot of
strange activities that were going on
and not exactly a guidepost for the
history of the Christian West marriage
has had a clear meaning the union of man
and woman this has been a consensus in
the West for millennia and now we think
it's the opposite now that that public
opinion has switched so quickly what has
caused it to flip within just a few
years well I think there's a number of
factors oh you don't even have to I
don't I don't think you even have to
appeal to any kind of like religious
idea I think you just when do we
disconnect from a real sense of I guess
rationality once we disconnect some
reason and once we actually I think it I
think in some ways embrace of
scientistic not scientific scientific is
great scientistic worldview where we can
just where the world is endlessly
manipulative or manipulative a bowl
we can basically redefine everything so
it's basically um comes from a thing
called legume I called nominalism where
if you name a thing that thing then it
just becomes that thing but there's no
such thing as a true nature of a thing
right so that now I just use the word
thing about sometimes in the last two
sentences but I always ask people okay
if you want to redefine marriage first
just define it and and blank blank blank
for bases blank stares back because it's
like well what a face when you really
love someone well okay that's a good
question
or that's a good point I really love my
brother I love my sister this is that
marriage but no no it's when you love
someone and you and you're committed to
them like okay well what if I love my my
nephew and I'm really committed to him
and you want to see him do well you my
godson I want to see him do well that
the same thing you know as know when you
love someone you're committed to each
other and you really help eachother
flourish well right up the road from
here there's a convent of nuns and they
love each other they're committed and
they help each other flourish in that
marriage so like I think before we even
I mean it just it basically anti a
reason to try to redefine something that
you don't know that definition I know
that is such a good point I noticed that
they do this and I think that it is a
real strategy of the left I think it's
well thought out because I actually see
Donald Trump using it very effectively
on other issues Donald Trump says we are
going to build the wall and Mexico is
going to pay for it and so we all start
arguing about who's gonna pay for the
wall is it gonna be Mexico is it gonna
be the taxpayers and he's gotten us to
slide right past his premise which is
the actually contentious question are we
going to build the wall it's the same
thing with marriage the left seems to
have blown right past the debate over
what marriage is and the definition of
it into who has the right to get married
so now we're arguing over civil rights
and of course if it's a question of
civil rights everybody is going to get
that right but that first question is
what is marriage and and the left is
insisting now that it is a monogamous
same-sex unions but for some reason not
polygamous same-sex unions those have
been excluded from the new definition of
marriage so the question on the question
of what is marriage why is it so
important that
be the union of man and woman yeah I
think that from the foundation of
civilization you recognize that the
essential building block of any
community I mean from from the smallest
tribe to the the largest nation the B
building block the essential building
block is marriage and family what
because because we have a lot of
organizations right we have a lot of
people who are loosely committed to each
other but in no other relationship do
offspring happen and right and so that
that sense it like so there's no
propagation of the species for human
beings released outside of this
particular kind of relationship yeah you
can movies farm it out to the state you
could give it to the you know the whole
village to raise the child but the
village doesn't create the child and the
village doesn't provide a stable
environment for that child the only
reason why the state cares about
marriage in the first place like why we
have tax benefits why we have some ports
for those who are married is because we
say ok it's not because we believe and
love so much that we just want to
support you kids and make it want you
them you know make it in this crazy
world it's because you two kids are
gonna probably have more kids when we
want to make sure that those children
are taken care of and so why is it so
important because we're messing with the
we're really messing in it in a way that
we've never experienced before I think
as a species with this undef initial I
won't even say to redefinition marriage
it's an undef initial of the most
essential building block of a society
and so then you think about this what
happens if you try to build with
materials that have never been tested
before they you wouldn't you wouldn't
build any any structure that that was
solid you won't belittle any structure
that you could rely on because you don't
even know if the materialists are gonna
work and I think this is a really really
dangerous experiment that we're in the
middle of here and in our culture and
they say so often I find this to be the
case on essential first principles sort
of political issues I think that I
understand
the left's point of view but I don't
think that they understand our point of
view and very frequently they say they
mock people on the right or the
religious right and they say
they say that we say you know it was
Adam and Eve not Adam and Steve and they
refer to Genesis as some children's
fable that it has no meaning meanwhile
Genesis is perhaps the most profound
text to ever composed by human hands now
what they say is that you know if
children are this central aspect the
ability the the potential to create
children which is not to say that a
couple who is infertile you know a woman
who has difficulty conceiving or
whatever doesn't mean to exclude them
from it but excluding even the
possibility the logical possibility we
now have for instance single parents who
are able to adopt and we now so in that
case the question of children seems to
be a little tangential we know that a
gay people people with same-sex
attraction can adopt as though they're
single so now if they are in a same-sex
Union certainly they could continue to
adopt they say well marriage has been so
undefined already
they say for instance that divorce has
skyrocketed in modern years although the
rate has actually come down recently
what how do you respond to people who
say marriage has already been undefined
who cares if we had a little bit more to
that right well I think that it's kind
of like a well I guess that that panic
is already sinking and so we might as
well just you know play our instruments
and go down with the ship
rifles on the side of it actually I mean
look did that why don't I just you know
jump overboard and inch right into the
ocean I would say that I think there's
something worth salvaging and I would
not deny the fact that like heterosexual
marriage is falling apart or people you
know what kind of having no-fault
divorce that and you know when that was
proposed we probably as people who care
about our country people who care about
our culture we probably should have been
a little bit more wary and a little bit
more cautious and moving forward with
that and could because we now we see the
fallout we see how this really has
affected children being raised by in I
mean even though children can say I love
both my parents in them getting divorce
that's good that they love them still
but they're there but they've been
affected by this mmm so to say like we
should have
we should have been stronger why not now
say let's get stronger rather than let's
just keep being weak so I think yes
there's a sense of like let's define
this rather than undefined it and let's
actually help like marriages become
better not just say you can't have this
too you know
a gay couple lesbian couple I think it's
really important and I don't see it with
people who are in my generation I don't
think that they have the in for a penny
in for a pound attitude I noticed that
all of my friends everyone in our
generation our parents were divorced it
was it just happened to our parents
generation and I noticed now people are
much more careful about marriage and
they seem to be obviously the plural of
anecdote isn't data but we do know the
trends are declining the divorce rates
and just talking to friends of mine
regardless of their political views
they'll say yeah I really don't want to
get divorced I'm really trying not to
get divorced I think that wasn't a good
experience and I I don't want to do it
myself I'd like to ask you a bit about
the theology of the body and by the way
guys this is where things are gonna get
real saucy but before we get to the
theology of the body we have to talk
about a much more important thing than
than all of these essential moral
questions we have to talk about
toothbrushes we have to talk about equip
this is important just as we keep our
moral lives clean and our you know we
keep our our ethical systems clean so
too must we clean our teeth and and tech
whip is the new electric toothbrush that
packs just the right amount of
vibrations into a slimmer design at a
fraction of the cost of bulkier
traditional electric brushes now I I
will say this this is a little bit of an
admission I didn't go to the dentist for
probably five or seven years I because
I'm a man and so I don't think about
these things I don't care I don't make
doctor's appointments I also didn't go
see the doctor for a long time then I
got engaged and sweet little ELISA just
took over my life and made all of these
appointments for me and said if we're
getting married you're getting checked
out pal and so I go to the dentist and
he excreted me for several minutes over
not using an electric toothbrush
apparently this is a new invention and
they made it for a reason it's much more
effective than using regular I don't
know I usually brush with a stick or
something I pull a branch off a tree
outside of my window an electric
toothbrush isn't much better because it
just
you all of those vibrations and brushes
much faster than you possibly could with
your own hand
so the guiding pulses alert you when to
switch sides on quip I mix the brushing
the right amount of time effortless quip
also comes with a mount that suctions
right to your mirror and unsticks to use
as a cover for a hygienic travel
anywhere I have it just right on my
mirror right now so I can go in your gym
gag or your carry-on and you don't need
to be disgusting like me and just throw
it in whatever the back of your car or
whatever because the thing that cleans
your mouth should also be clean quips
subscription plan refreshes your brush
on a dentist's recommended schedule
delivering new brush heads every three
months for just $5 this is the other
thing I know it sounds like I'm just
talking to the guys but it's because
we're so lazy about these things I if I
were not told to do it I would not
replace my toothbrush more than once
every 15 to 18 years I just wouldn't do
it
I don't it would be all mangled and all
the little bristles are coming out of
their probables are growing on the other
side of it you need to replace your
toothbrush it's very important it will
it'll just make your teeth smile
especially look these days with new
media everybody can be a star and you
can go on YouTube so make sure you got
to have those pearly whites this is the
moneymaker baby don't cheap out on
yourself so most toothbrushes don't get
named one of Time Magazine's best
inventions of the year but quick did
find out for yourself why it's backed by
a network of over 10,000 dental
professionals including dentists
hygienists dental students and people
who have teeth like me I also think it's
a great product
it starts at just 25 dollars and if you
go to quit oh I'm sorry if you go to get
quip comm slash Knowles kayo wles just
like Jay Z's wife right now you will get
your first refill pack 3 with a quip
electric toothbrush and that is a great
thing that is your first refill pack is
free at get quip dot-com slash Knowles
kayo wles that is GE t qu IP comm slash
Noel's what's the URL Marshall get quip
comm slash Noel's okay now that we've
we've talked about our teeth it's time
to get into the theology of the body and
and the theology of the body tells us
something about our mouth - the theology
of the body tells us that just as our
mouths
have a purpose to eat food and our eyes
have a purpose so - to our sexual organs
have a purpose and in spite of the
bizarre things that each and every one
of us wants to do to some degree with
those organs we should use them in
accordance with that purpose but my
question father is should we use them
only in accordance with that purpose so
my mouth is for eating but I also use it
to smoke cigars as did popes Pius the
tenth and pius xi even even a saint did
this Pope Saint John the 23rd also
smoked similarly the central unit of
human life is the union of husband and
wife it's an image of Christ in His
Church the bridegroom and the bride but
can other arrangements ever be
permissible or is tobacco different
because the body is a temple in the
temple needs incense rather than the
imaginative uses of the sexual organs
that we talk about so frequently in our
culture today ray great question and
actually I think that uh-huh I love the
incense idea in the temple of the Holy
Spirit that's good I haven't heard that
one yet this I thought was my only
contribution to theology
I think that's an alone alone bit I have
some students who have asked me to bless
their cigarettes so he could have Holy
Smoke and I'm like I don't know dude I
don't know maybe the people calling
claim you can use it I don't know what
could white smoke I guess you know um
you know it's funny because I did a
debate with a man he teaches theology
and we were debating same-sex marriage
in the course of the debate he said
something that was really profound it
just stopped me he said well I'm not
defined by my biology and I member just
thinking well wow like I must have this
look on my face that the moderator of
the debate recognized that I don't have
a very good poker face oh like wow this
is she said father Schmitz do you have
something to say and I said yeah I
realized we're not just right here in
the in this moment we weren't talking
just about marriage we weren't talking
about sexual morality we weren't even
talking about morality what we would
have all came down to was a world of you
and the worldview is either Gnosticism
or it's basically a in fleshed
materialism or in sold materialism and
what I mean by that is like for the
Gnostics were
or mana keys would say that the the
body's bad the body's not you you are
truly your soul whereas as Christians in
the Christian worldview we'd say no body
and fold together and so like it was
remarkable that this person was was
admitting that that could there a
theology teacher at a Catholic school
they're saying AHA basically I'm Gnostic
I'm not my I'm not my body I'm just my
spirit or something yeah my spirit my
soul my psyche whatever and that's a
really profound shift in this world
because I think if we're gonna have a
debate about any morality issues any
sexuality asexuality issues or any just
like issues that pertain to what we do
with our bodies it's all gonna come down
to will question
are you your body or not is your body
just a shell it's just a case is it just
but the true you is somewhat kind of
ephemeral and disconnected from your
body so you mentioned theology the body
which is a term that was it came out of
john paul ii on Tiffa c't his teaching
and in it in that he said the body and
it alone is capable of making visible
the invisible the spiritual in the
divine because to be think about this
we've never we've never learned anything
outside of our body
we've never we everything you and i have
learned has been through a lot he like
through our eyes we read something or
saw something through our ears we heard
something we felt something we've never
expressed love except in and through our
bodies we've never expressed disgust in
encrypting them through our bodies so
this reality is we've never known anyone
without a body and yet there's this kind
of worldview that says but you know but
but what I do with my body doesn't
really matter because it doesn't touch
my soul and so that's that's truly
ultimately when it comes down to is
again Gnosticism erm anarchism so our
starting point has to be okay are you
your body and soul together or not
because if you're not then we're gonna
have to figure another way to talk about
these things if you are then I think we
can address the question you have you
brought up which is a really good
question which I mean um two things have
a nature and is that nature fixed or is
that nature determined by how we want to
use it and so I would say is I always
like to have the ask the question we get
the idea of a
I think nature the what it is Ness of a
thing
by asking the question what is it for
right so so we know what a chair is
because we we know that what it's for
Ness of a chair to sit on and we have
the what it isn't is of a table when we
ask that what it's for in it okay the
set things on right what anymore I mean
what in isness of the michael null show
is to spread cough FA to spread cough FA
galore to all of the world of course
yeah and now you know what it's
coordinate and now you know the nature
and so the question is can I take
something that but what it's born us and
use it to my own end and the answer of
course is yes right so I can take mature
I'm sitting on and I can set something
on it and I'm not violating the nature
of what it's foreigners of a chair and I
could on this solid table out of God I
could sit on it and I'm not violating to
what its bornus to set things on of the
table but there are some things we can
do that actually do violate the what
it's warn us for example I couldn't take
this chair I'm sitting on and like put a
tree trunk in like split wood on it I'd
pretty quickly violate the nature of the
chair and same thing is true when it
comes to our body if I promise we are
our body then there's what it's
supported poorness so let's look at the
sexual act if you had a scientist to ask
the question what it's for what is it
for you'd see at least two things and
the two primary things that are there at
every every sexual act
there's procreation it's what it's for
and bonding of the couple that's what
it's for and when you see this on a
biological level both of the things on
the biologic level we're not even
talking about religion at this point
we're saying that note there are they're
bonding hormones to get released when
people enter into the sexual embrace so
that's what it's for knit yeah for
bonding and also it's the only action we
know of that's oriented towards making
new life so what it's born is is
procreation so does that mean that every
single act has to be to have a child or
every single act has to be for bonding
well we recognize that I'm sure that you
know you might know couples like who do
like who have been in the situation
where they're trying to conceive and so
they might say okay so she's like I'm
ovulating right now let's go that might
not be specifically for bonding
it's not the most romantic way to start
an encounter certainly Hey clock's
ticking buddy let's go get in there you
got a um but not for money but they're
not violating bonding right and by doing
this because they're both entering into
this as as we imagine a husband and wife
or you'd have a couple that you know
they're not in not specifically
intending to have a child come out of
this but they're not working against
this they just simply are we want to
express our local one another but
they're not working again the openness
to life mm-hmm in those cases they'd be
using this for a certain purpose but not
using act contrary to its nature and
that's the that's the big question
because we record what we recognize if I
use the thing against this nature I
would work against the nature or the
what it's for another thing that's when
things begin to break down this is
though this is the very note Foucault oh
I'm sorry go ahead
no no yes I've used my own purpose but
if I I can't extend that out to any
purpose mmm and not expect things the
nature to break down this is that's a
wonderful explanation and this this
aspect the unitive aspect I think is
what's so difficult in a culture that is
obsessed with the erotic so the the
Christian answer to same-sex attraction
as you explained in the book is celibacy
and chastity to which we're all called
but for people with same-sex attractions
that obviously results in celibacy of
course that answer is easier said than
done we're all called to be chaste but
as as a former manichaean
who became a great saint st. Agustin
said Lord make me chaste but not yet but
not yet doesn't the call for people who
were exclusively attracted to members of
the same sex exclude them from erotic
love one of the one of the great
consolations of life so I'm told is that
burden not too immense in a sex obsessed
culture such as ours that place is so
high a value on the erotic that's a
great question because I love how you
phrased it because we frame it in a in a
in a sex obsessed culture and so it
makes things more difficult I think is
the fact that then we've reduced
everything like all the greatest so john
paul ii again theology about it he said
he said man cannot live without love
without love men remains of being in
comprehend
to himself he's a mystery to himself if
he doesn't experience love now we hear
that we think that it's the Pope talking
about because what we've taken is a big
concept of love and we've reduced it to
romantic love mm-hmm and we take them
account up the romantic love and reduced
it to sex though what it sounds like the
Pope is saying is man cannot live
without sex without sex he remains of
being incomprehensible to himself his
life is senseless unless he had sex and
yet the great minds the great hearts the
great lives of history have said yeah
era you know a romantic log very erotic
love he's a good and we would have the
Christians we would say exactly I think
it's a good but it's not even the
greatest love because I love I read like
Fiat fluid thought he was one of my one
of my guys he said I believe Tolkien
referred to him as his heretic friend
and he is I do love CS Lewis I I love
the man I I devour him regularly
seriously so in the fourloves he talks
about these four kinds of love
eros this is always storge which is your
affection era which is the romantic love
and then he says but there's philia and
philia is not just storge like buddy
ness but his true friendship any-any he
says he maintained to make a rate case
for it that julia is even more uh more
rare therefore more precious and even
more life-giving than era which is why
probably I'm gonna imagine that you're
as you're preparing to get married that
you'd be saying like I'm not just I'm
not just in love with her she's also my
best friend this is better this all the
time I'm marrying my best friend and I
always wonder my fiancee says this I
always try to temper this because I
agree with you I say you know friendship
is so rare these days and I'm I'm
blessed to have a number of friendships
that I think rise to this level of great
friendship of true friendship not just
you know seeing your buddies and
catching a baseball game or something
but real friendship standing alongside
one another and looking at the same
thing and so when but one of which does
include my fiance what I would say well
you know you know my best idol best
buddy what are you gonna go to the bar
to
there I don't know but female friend
that's right yes she is certainly my
best female friend and but you hear this
so much and I it seems to me when people
say I'm marrying my best friend
they are aspiring to this this sort of
friendship dysfilia that has been lost
that that ancient cultures and even
really just a pre-modern recognized and
spoke so highly of in' and that really
seems to be lacking because all our
culture wants to talk about our saucy or
things than that absolutely and so and
so in that culture right we're where
true friendship is like well I guess at
the consolation it's consolation prize
like maybe you have a true friend but
what what you really wanted a lover yes
it is more difficult but I would say
that I mean there's a number of
ministries there's even a group in the
Catholic Church called courage and
courage is many women who experience
things extraction or saying but but we
know the call of Jesus we know the call
to be chaste it that it's difficult but
it's not impossible and I know I mean
dozens and dozens just personally and
hundreds of hundreds that I have
encountered who are living really
healthy holy rich lives because
experiencing same-sex attraction is not
a death sentence I think sometimes
people think that that's the case if
you're going to be Catholic or if you're
gonna be Christian that is like yeah
well too bad to be you man this isn't
gonna have a terrible life it's never
yeah it's gonna be something that gonna
be difficult but every one of us has
something difficult that we have to deal
with we're going to wrestle with our
entire lives that sometimes is opened up
doors for us and opportunities and
sometimes it just it makes life really
difficult but like the people that I've
encountered who have same-sex attraction
who also are saying but no I I'm called
to be chaste and so I know what that
means
are living really really full lives with
true friendship and that's not something
I mean I think if most people knew what
true friendship really was it really is
they would they would say oh wow that
that's a blessed life not a not a cursed
life mm-hmm that's that's interesting
that is one of the jokes sometimes you
hear among guys who like to go to the
our bar and have some whiskies and
smoked cigars you say well without the
erotic component being gay wouldn't be
so bad you know there was something the
erotic component doesn't sound great but
other than that it's a pretty pretty
good time there is so much more that I'd
like to talk about I'd like to get a
little bit more into the political
aspects of all of this and and into the
question of sexual identity why the left
is so obsessed with making the sexes
seem exactly the same in this question
of transsexuality which effects like
five people on earth but which has
become the number one political topic
we've talked about but I can't do any of
that right now I can't do any of that
because we have got to talk about
something very manly this I think is a
providential ad read that we have
speaking of speaking of the male sex man
crates
man crates not only do these guys let us
keep the lights on but they are really
good I think I have two of my man crates
products just on me right here because I
just got a new man crate and let me see
if I can dig it out they gave me this
they just gave me this great new lighter
this new butane lighter
I won't light it so I don't torch the
whole studio they just it came in my new
cigar man crate let me see if it's in my
pocket never leave home without it this
brand new cigar cutter and it all came
in a an ammo box so I ordered the new
cigar humidor
man crate and it came in into this great
ammo box I said where's the humidor I
open it up the the ammo box is the
humidor they fitted it out with cedar
and hygrometers and cigar booklets that
you can write about I love them the
first one I got was the whiskey
appreciation set that came in a gigantic
crate with a crowbar and I got mine
gift-wrapped because I loved Christmas
morning and it's like whenever you order
a man crate it's just another Christmas
morning so you they dug a duct-tape it
that's the gift wrapping you open that
up you pry this thing open took me a
little it took me a couple tries it's a
little hard if you go to the Help
section of their website it says try
harder I'm a good advice always man
crates calm is the only place to find
awesome gifts that guys love guaranteed
so listen Valentine's Day is coming up
giving your guy box of chocolates for
Valentine's Day it's pretty boring I
like boxes of chocolates I eat them
frequently
but you know we can do that any day of
the week surprise him with a
heart-shaped box of delicious beef jerky
the ultimate snaf rhodesia AK speaking
of theology of the body in the erotic I
will say oysters on the half-shell are
great but delicious beef jerky is quite
a snack for DZ ACK this isn't some
cologne sampler or cheesy mug man crates
offers curated gift collections for
every type of guy from the sports
fanatic to the home chef to the
outdoorsman you can check out classics
like the NFL bar where crate the whiskey
appreciation crate I recommend it highly
or fresh takes on Valentine's gifts
including the salami bouquet if my honey
give me a salami bouquet I would bump up
the date of the wedding I would be so
out cry tears of joy and all over the
salami and make it even saltier I go to
man crates calm and then wait for that
magic moment the man in your life will
fall head-over-heels when his gift
arrives and he gets to pry it open with
a crowbar there are thousands of
five-star reviews every gift comes with
complete satisfaction guarantee
go-to man crates calm slash Knowles kayo
wles for five percent off they don't
know if offer this discount anywhere
else except for maybe some of our other
shows that is 5% off right now at man
crates dot-com / Knowles what is it
Marshall Mann crates calm / Knowles and
please send me one I really like it send
me a salami box or salami bouquet would
be so great and we have so much more to
talk about with father Schmitz but you
can't do it unless you go to daily
wired.com right now what do you get you
get me get the underplayed make sure you
get the Ben Shapiro show you get the
conversation which is coming up folks
and I'm gonna be in it so you can ask
questions everybody can watch only
members can ask questions many are
called but few are chosen you get all of
that no ads on the website but most
importantly most importantly for your
safety for the safety of your family for
the integrity of your house your
property do not let the fallout from
radioactive leftist tears affect you you
this is a real important matter here
folks that you get the leftist tears
tumblr where you can store it the
leftist tears hot or cold
they'll always be salty and delicious
you can use it's very versatile vessel
so make sure you go to daily wire.com we
will be
right back with more from father Schmitz
okay on the real political nature of
this Lobby
I think this Lobby that tries to make
our culture talk about sex and sexual
issues all the time
it seems to me that the issue of
same-sex marriage is part and parcel of
a feminist ideology that ironically
seeks to erase all gender difference so
the premise of same-sex marriage seems
to be that a men and women are exactly
the same that there isn't sexual
difference because very basically if M
plus W equals M plus M equals W plus W
then M equals W they're the same thing
rather than being complementary why does
the left want to erase sexual difference
it's a great question I you don't like
you and said earlier I can understand
the I often find I that I feel like or I
believe that I can understand the
perspective and the ideology or the
thought process of people who say I want
to advocate for for same-sex marriage I
want to advocate advocate for
transgenderism I think I get the
argument but then when it comes to this
like why when he asked the question but
but why then I don't then at this point
I'm thinking like what's the ulterior or
ultimate and it kind of it eluded me
because it seems like the ultimate
conclusion is a very very different
culture than we have one that doesn't
not net does not necessarily flourish
but one that kind of just is
everything's up for grabs and so when it
comes to like a lot of the motivation of
people who would advocate for like
same-sex marriage or would advocate for
like trend kind of advocating
transgender stuff is it seems like what
I'm talking with some high schoolers
asking them about this the response was
like well I don't know I just I just
feel bad that they can't get married
oh well that's it and so and so I think
that there might be some people who are
like kind of masterminds I have no idea
who that who they would be but I think
at the by the core the reason why the
tide has shifted so
quickly is because we've abandoned
thinking and we've given it all over to
feeling to emotion and so the reason
quote-unquote reason why but the tide
has shifted so much is because we've
abandoned reason and we're just saying
well I just I feel bad it makes me feel
sad to think that someone would feel sad
and and of course you know you your
night we don't want to make people
unnecessarily bad or want to make put
undo like suffering in their lives
but that's not the same thing as saying
well but is it so like you know so
here's a person who would say I don't
I'm in a man's body but I've always felt
like a woman well first of all I have to
ask the question how do you know Ryan
meaning like how do you know what a
woman feels like I don't really play in
baseball football like okay that that's
a stereotype right there I I'm not gonna
series I'm not gonna advocate a
stereotype if you're a man who doesn't
embrace a lot of masculine things like
you don't want your man crate or
whatever that's like that well that's
unfortunate that I believe is actually
an unforgivable sin in the scripture I
have to refresh it yeah I like that
sense of like come on I bet I feel like
woman how do you know what a woman feels
like and therefore all you know is what
you feel like which is I feel
disconnected from my body now I am I for
my part I I have a motion I have a
compassion for that and I have pity on
that but so the answer I don't think is
to say Oh in that case you must not be a
man right I mean I don't know I'm I'm
sure you've experienced or not
experience but you've encountered this
condition called bi ID which is body
integrity identity disorder and what bi
ID is a real thing where people will say
things like I just even my hand
they've always felt like this is really
part of me and so they would go in to
say the surgeon and say could you
amputate why it's perfectly healthy but
it's not my hand you know the medical
community has universally said no don't
do that because why because that is
their hand and the problem is not the
hand the problem is there's a disconnect
between the perception and reality right
when it comes to transgenders and when
it comes to sex it seems like we just
forget common sense and so if you know
if someone would say this is my hand no
no that really is you're just mistaken
let's help you it took
place where you can make that like bring
it together but someone says these
aren't my genitals like wait wait
well then have surgery let's get rid of
those well we have to get rid of those
that's a different kind of coordinate
then and and because I'm well this this
issue of transgender does seem to be one
where people are suffering that sounds
like a terrible condition and I
certainly feel for people who have it
but they seem to be looking for relief
in all of the wrong places the pioneers
at Johns Hopkins who began the gender
mutilation surgery have stopped doing it
because they realized that even the
suicide rates of people who suffer from
this did not decrease after surgery so
even the operation that everyone
expected to give relief to this
condition didn't quite do it and this
does seem to be the real issue because I
always a fear for when we're talking
about this issue people didn't choose to
be born attracted to members of the same
sex I don't think I don't think anyone
ever said yes today I'm going to do that
and it that is a really sad condition if
one looks at a traditional Christian
view of things or a Jewish view of
things or any other traditional sexual
ethic and they say I'm excluded from
this and I I really wish I weren't
excluded from from erotic love or from
pursuing my sexual desires and I think a
lot of the time Christians and the
Catholic Church in particular are called
haters on this they just they think that
we just hate gay people and we don't
want them to be happy and when really
what we're saying is this isn't an a
normative statement it's a positive
statement that this is not what marriage
is how do you respond to the accusations
of of hatred and bigotry you know it
seems to me that it's it's similar to
saying I like apples but I won't call an
apple and orange this question of gay
marriage and they say well why do you
hate oranges and I don't hate I like
oranges very much I want oranges to
thrive I like orange juice
probably screwing up the metaphor
somewhere here but I don't paint oranges
I just think that apples are not oranges
how do you respond to those accusations
of hatred yeah I would say leave two
things one is I remember the verse
someone very very close to me when he
came out of it came out to me he he
wanted me to watch a video and so I
watched this new kind of documentary was
a made by a man who had to really ship
with another man and it ends tragically
where the other man died it's true story
he said I want you to watch this because
one guy said when I came out to my
parents introduced him to Shane with the
man's name my nieces and nephews call
him uncle Shane and I hope that we loved
him and it was it was great but then
when Shane told his family about me they
said if you two ever show up on our
front door you'll be men at the door
with a shotgun and I remember him
showing me this this video and like I'm
thinking like what what what did he want
like you know so it's video ends and he
says what do you think and I said ah are
those my only two choices like because
that sense of like is it is it I'm gonna
have to embrace and agree and celebrate
everything you choose or I can teach you
yeah oh yeah because like I don't like
either of those and and it was funny
because I I probably am not closer to
another human being on this planet that
I am to him is I love him very very much
his dad even said something interesting
as dad said no good parent agrees with
every decision their child make because
that's not a real relationship Arents do
but no good parent does that's not a
real relationship is it where I can't
disagree with you and you can't just
agree with me because I have to just
always celebrate every choice you make
no I don't maintain that anyone would
choose the you know feel transgender or
to choose to experiencing distraction
and so I'm not saying that I'm saying
choose to act on something and I think
that when it comes to being you know
accused of being haters the church or
Christians or whoever I need to be
really really clear about like no no no
no we love this person's actually so
this this man back in 2012 we had a gay
marriage debate in Minnesota and so the
only lawn signs all over the place and
so there was you know read
fine marriage and some key foods
marriage defined well and a member this
man had come over with his his partner
at the time to the house and and
everyone in the house just absolutely
loved the two of them because a great
guy and we just of course I mean well
you know what we believe you know when
we know what you believe but we're gonna
love you and it was so interesting
because as they drove away with Otto on
the yard sign and one said to the other
said wait a sec I'm just so confused why
because bait they loved us
yeah but they have this sign like yeah
it was this cognitive disconnect of
course wait you can disagree with me and
still love me absolutely is the cake and
this and I think the popular press and
the mainstream media and lefties the
secular left they don't understand that
when Pope Francis set calls gay marriage
the lobby for redefining marriage and
redefining gender and sexuality calls
that a machination of the devil but
simultaneously says who am I to judge I
have plenty of my own sins my own sins
of the flesh and even you know Dante put
sins of the flesh much higher up than
sense of deception or whatever though in
terms of levels of Hell the adulterers
and sins of the flesh they're kind of
swirling around in the in the upper
echelon so you know it's really the the
betrayers who are way way down lower
yeah I can get far worse and that second
piece of like you know when it when you
say why does why is this know how it's
not hate
remember uh talking with someone and
using the example of baseball and
football so you know baseball there's
there's a lot of flexibility when it
comes to baseball you can have you know
the base is 90 feet apart like normal
you can have you know and also you can
not have no one you can you to do it
yourself you can have the bases actually
being those canvasing stuff with
whatever or you can having a first base
as someone's mitt second base is
someone's t-shirt and you're third base
is you know a hat and there's some
flexibility but to play baseball you
need at least three essential elements
you need a baseball a baseball bat and
you need to try to hit the ball with the
bat to score a run and so no but those
are the essential things you may take
away the baseball and replace with a
softball you have different game
softball I play football or
yes you take away the bat and now you
have catch you're playing catch you take
away uh they're trying to hit the ball
with the bat to run around the bases to
score a run and you're just having
batting practice or fielding practice
but to play baseball you need those
three essential things what's not
limitlessly undefined you know if they
had some some key sense
now here comes a fool players says hey I
want to play baseball and great yeah
you're up next
you know but but I I want to keep
playing football but I want you to call
it baseball you think we can't do that
we use you can't because you know you
guys don't have an OP or you know we
have enough or you plan us on a field we
play on a field you have teams we have
to him it's the same game okay but you
don't have the essential element in it
I'm not even gonna get to the point of
like complaining about football I'm
saying it's not as good as baseball
right I'm just saying they're different
thing and unless we can define a thing
to say it's different in some people's
mind means you're saying it's bad mm-hm
and they're like wait a second but I'm
I'm just let's just start with saying
these are different things that's a
great point to say I'm married and a am
I gonna same-sex relationship I don't
even have to say one is bad I can just
say they're different that's right and
let's leave it at that inherent in that
there's an make without making any moral
statement whatsoever it you're making
simply a categorical statement on the
nature of two things that is a great
point now much more important than any
of these things this has been a
excellent discussion pretty illuminating
even for me and I've just finished
reading your book which I enjoyed very
much much more important than any of
these things
father Democrats have become very
extreme on abortion they now insist on
killing pain capable late-term babies
next up will be fourth and fifth
trimester abortion they support
redefining marriage into nothing next up
will be polygamy and szilágyi me that's
the new thing where you marry yourself
more on that on another episode but it's
seems pretty rough I think it's from Sex
in the City as are many terrible things
in our culture according to Pew Research
while all the votes were relatively
close Catholic voters in America picked
Al Gore over George Bush Obama over
McCain Obama over Romney in 2000 2008
and 2012 a large number of Catholics
also supported john care
and even Hillary Clinton why do
Catholics vote for Democrats I I think
it goes back to this kind of sleight of
hand and the sleight of hand it has to
do with Catholic social teaching is a
real and really important thing and it's
a real thing real thing it's really
important thing Catholics will teach
social teaching and so when you were
raised Catholic you you hear like okay
care for the poor care for those for
marginalized care for those who are weak
and those that the world that one wants
to forget about you're told this in it's
true and then it comes along a political
party that says hey we care for the weak
we care for the marginalized we care for
the poor we care for those who are
bullies we care for all these kinds of
things and I think there's kind of a
bait and switch kind of thing happening
where Catholics say well yeah that's
what that's what I've been like I buy my
conscience at least informed in that way
and so well I know that they support
abortion all the way to the end I mean
even like you know partial birth
abortion that's people with both worth
is craziness
they're good it's gonna be no mr.
abortion that's gonna be the next thing
I gotta bury and then well yeah that but
but but what about all those peoples are
helping with helping refugees they're
helping this and this and this and I
think I just think it's a lack of lack
of good formation and the lack of act
and I would even say not only formation
I would say lack of courage that that's
absolutely true because when it comes
down to it I think that as a church a
lot of Catholics have become really
really comfortable and we're comfortable
with status quo and so you know I got a
call the other day from a youth group
leader who is saying that there's some
young people in her in her school who
they were in South Dakota in Sturgis
South Dakota there's a group of
transgender high school students in this
high school and I got interesting and
and she said yeah our youth group kids
you know we're trying to be nice to them
it would just really mean back to them
and and I said what do you mean really
mean there's well they gave them dirty
looks when they said hello in the
hallway I thought okay well looked on
the break that's not being really mean
so ubiquitous sort of thing that happens
in high schools and yeah
yeah I was like and so I think that you
know I understand what's going on but
but we need to actually prepare the
people perceive and prepare ourselves
really it's okay if people don't like
you Jesus actually even said people are
going to hate you for my sake I say and
then that sense of like be able to say
let's use a girl pair I was going to say
I don't know if we could say that on
this show
anything goes that's that's some of the
most polite thing you can say on my show
I'm in a pair of eyeballs and really see
the truth is a mentor says I'm like I'm
sorry but please finish the point no but
with that I think what needs of
formation and courage and I think that
one the stories that were really lacking
as a Catholic Church is formation and
really giving us encouragement to be
courageous I love that point so much I
that I think that's how I've got to sign
off my show from now on as father
Michael Schmitz tells us all grow a pair
of eyes to see the truth father Michael
Schmitz author of made for love same-sex
attractions and the Catholic Church and
you can catch him on YouTube
father Schmitz thank you so much for
being here I've really enjoyed it and
for everybody else this that's our show
that's our whole show today come back
tomorrow tomorrow by the way is our
100th episode you don't want to miss
that we have some we have some fun
things planned
we've got crazy new technology that is
going to shape our show tomorrow but
you'll have to tune in to see it that is
it I am Michael Knowles this is the
Michael Nolt show tune in tomorrow we'll
do it all again
the Michael Noel's show is produced by
Marshall Benson executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey supervising producer Mathis Glover
our technical producer is Austin Stevens
edited by Alex zingaro audio is mixed by
Mike Cora Mina hair and makeup is by
Joshua ov era the Michael Noel's show is
a daily wire for word publishing
production copyright for word publishing
