okay on the real political nature of
this Lobby
I think this Lobby that tries to make
our culture talk about sex and sexual
issues all the time it's it seems to me
that the issue of same-sex marriage is
part and parcel of a feminist ideology
that ironically seeks to erase all
gender difference so the premise of
same-sex marriage seems to be that a men
and women are exactly the same that
there isn't sexual difference because
very basically if M plus W equals M plus
M equals W plus W then M equals W
they're the same thing rather than being
complementary why does the left want to
erase sexual difference it's a great
question I you don't like you and said
earlier I can understand the I often
find out that I feel like or I believe
that I can understand the perspective
and the ideology or the thought process
of people who say I want to advocate for
same-sex marriage wanna advocates
advocate for transgenderism I think I
get the argument but and when it comes
to this like why when he asked the
question but but why then I don't then
at this point I'm thinking like what's
the ulterior or ultimate and it kind of
it eluded me because it seems like the
ultimate conclusion is a very very
different culture than we have one that
doesn't not net does not necessarily
flourish but one that kind of just is
everything's up for grabs and so when it
comes to like a lot of the motivation of
people who would advocate for like
same-sex marriage or would advocate for
like that trend kind of advocating
transgender stuff is it seems like what
I'm talking with some high schoolers
asking them about this the response was
like well I don't know I just I just
feel bad that they can't get married
oh well that's it and so and so I think
that there might be some people who are
like kinds of masterminds I have no idea
who that who they would be but I think
at the by the core the reason why the
tide is shifted so quickly is because
we've abandoned thinking and we've given
it all over to feeling to emotion
and so the reason quote-unquote reason
why but the tide has shifted so much is
because we've abandoned reason and we're
just saying well I just I feel bad it
makes me feel sad to think that someone
would feel sad and and of course you
know you you're right we don't want to
make people unnecessarily bad or want to
make put undue suffering in their lives
