the Democrats held six state separate
State of the Union responses last night
nobody watched any of them I even we
didn't we were supposed to be streaming
one we watched twenty seconds of that
Kennedy kid drooling on himself we said
we can't watch this anymore in front of
a broken car presumably to call
attention to the fact that Democrats
destroyed Detroit so we turn that off
and we just kept drinking and hanging
out here's one short clip from the
celebrity organized people's State of
the Union
there's a silver lining in these
struggles then we get a gift by these
various struggles and the one silver
lining in Trump is that we have created
the mother of all movements we have I
think my face is gonna be in a permanent
state of cringe so that last guy at the
end was Mark Ruffalo he's that a
professional protester who occasionally
does superhero movies or something and
but previously you heard that awful
singing the lyrics were terrible they
were just rhyming day with day and they
didn't have a point and the points they
made didn't make any sense and they'd
sounded terrible
these are supposed to be the
entertainers these are supposed to be
people to entertain us
and they don't entertain us they're not
even when they try to they aren't good
they're not there isn't any proficiency
or skill or talent in any of this
