holding all right and live to live three
two one
thanks everybody for joining us I'm
Jeremy Boren god-king of the daily wire
that's lowercase G lowercase K and I'm
here with my pals
Michael Knowles Andrew Clavin and the
one and only Ben Shapiro and the point
of tonight is that we're hanging out
we're watching the State of the Union we
wanted to invite you guys back to kind
of our lives a little bit the point of
tonight won't really be talking about
politics although whenever we're
together we talk a lot about politics
and we're gonna watch the speech so
probably a political thing or two will
come up but really it's just a chance
for us to engage with you guys and say
hey come hang out in our office and
enjoy a nice cigar enjoy a little bit of
whiskey all things in moderation my
friends and including in moderation
yeah why are we here yeah it's terrible
if you're watching or you're watching on
Facebook are used to a live stream we
want you to go up hit follow hit
subscribe if you're on YouTube go ahead
and ring the bell if you're on Facebook
turn on your notifications you know
social media is kind of hard on us
conservatives out there and we could use
all the help we can get getting our
message to you we also have the lovely
the talented Alicia Kraus she is with us
she's going to be taking questions from
you all night in the comments on
whatever platform you're watching Alicia
will be curating those and will kick it
to her every now and then so that she
can bring us your questions and we can
bring you answers actually seems like an
overreach we will respond those will
start blankly into the camera
so welcome to the daily wire state of
the union coverage okay so let's talk
about some opening graphic
can we see okay fine that was exciting
catch my breath and then go ahead okay
so first of all is anyone here gonna see
black panther because I've heard that it
is actually against the law to criticize
I haven't seen it but it's wonderful
it's just like Wonder Woman right which
is the greatest movie ever made I think
is when I when I watch it and then it
was pretty good I sort of I still felt
bad I felt like I was still incomplete
somehow rankin between Gone with the
Wind and Citizen Kane I liked the women
who cried when they saw it because
finally a woman did one World War one so
yeah I'm very excited about Black
Panther so that's that that's ranking
high on my on my list of priorities I'm
gonna say something blasphemous the
trailer for ant-man is better than the
trailer for black though is they will
find something to complain about
like someone didn't win the right of
Ward for Black Panther so i under not
only who will get in trouble for saying
something less than perfect about black
panther but then how they will complain
about won't win any awards right so
Wonder Woman didn't win any awards and
that was the big thing they didn't get
magic gold statuettes they're all very
wealthy and throw very famous but they
didn't get a little statuettes so I've
been handicapping the Oscars you guys
been handicapping this thing it I've
been trying to get drew to loan me his
screeners first the only honest man in
Hollywood
wait we add so Drew belongs to the
Writers Guild having accomplished books
with words and they provide him with
screeners for all with the nominated
films to get his opinion on them and
when you live in Hollywood you pretty
much live especially when you're young
and poor on a steady stream of borrowed
screeners from your pals like I probably
have a stack at various times in my life
hundreds of these crime and never really
watched him I can't confess to that but
I have them drew the one man in
Hollywood
when asked about it this week said they
find people hundreds of thousands of
dollars you have to understand just
borrowed without asking you borrowed one
of my screeners and took it to his
friend's house and left it there so they
do fight they do say they find you and
they watermark them and I've been doing
the PC handicapping because this counter
works ready mean so last year moonlight
won because obviously gay black under
privileged intersectional movie that you
my god if somehow they could have been
transgender they just would have
actually forced you with your eyes open
like a Clockwork Orange
but this year it looks like to me get
out and and shape of water are gonna be
the two frontrunners just from that so
you and I have a significant
disagreement get out I said on the show
today I think it's a racist film you
think that you think that it's not so I
can't care that Mister races from
because it's a horror movie it's I don't
see why a black I can't use his racist
paranoia to make a horror movie just
like okay but you'll admit but the
Stepford Wives is like a really anti man
film right but a good right okay that's
it that's fine okay sue don't actually
disagree there was a moment in the book
of The Stepford Wives one of my favorite
it's actually one of my favorite moments
and thrillers where they come out and
they one sentence what he tells you
their children are happier after they
become step okay like monopolize the
questions in the conversation but now I
do want to turn to you know this guy's
speaking for the sight of him when they
announced the President of the United
States and all the Democrats sitting and
then him clapping for himself
or do it but I think we have to do a
couple of things one we have to do kind
of grades for your one okay and then I
think that we should also probably talk
a little bit about all of the FBI
scandal stuff the memo gate and all of
the rest of us because I won't we pick
one of these to start with you want to
show you want start the grades for your
one yeah I think we probably wouldn't go
grades for year one just so we can at
least I mean we've we've shared some
laughs we've proven that we're friends
and now well alright great crazier year
lowers Knowles you get to go first no
way you say something wrong and by the
way I like the Bruce Wayne get up oh
this whole thing well I figured the a is
there a grade above it is there some
letter that I didn't know about didn't
some action Aramaic or something that I
I'm really pleased with it
I obviously I'm a fan of my convert you
know to to the Trump train then we have
the zeal of the newly converted I do
like burn heretics the ho that was the
one mistake all the other like the
stormy Daniels or whatever nonsense they
dredge up I don't care about anything
the sessions refusal was really is right
Claire Tommy yeah smart you think it's
March family yes okay and and how about
routes though cuz those were the two big
boo-boos to me about here alright
he could have quit while he was ahead at
various points of that I think I think
it was it was a little bit bungled it's
not enough given sessions recusal okay
so you see so a from you how about you
hey mind so do me a - overall Trump you
I think it was an amazing year for
conservatives I think you know yet you
always can't judge a president on what
it doesn't do you have to judge him on
what he accomplished and the judges
deregulation which I'm a big fan of
regulation obviously and the tech tax
reform the tax cuts the economy the
dinging constant dinging of the press
which I will talk I could talk for an
hour which I think has been great I
think he has put the press on the
defensive they now the the media now
acts the way Republicans act around the
meeting publicans around the media like
abused children use children always
afraid to say the next thing because
they never know when daddy's gonna start
whaling away at you and that's the way
Republicans have behaved around the
media for the last thirty years now the
media acts that way they're even acting
that way about the State of the Union
before he said I don't care if he's
presidential he's I don't say he's
president they're really worried what
happens when Trump meets the public
directly the Trump of it all is a weird
problem for me the the Trumpy like
rudeness the bullying different than he
said that was tone-deaf I separate the
things that he does that I find
appalling you know but the
accomplishments he's had because I
actually believe the left is succeeded
in our conversation it's straight Jeff
you so that Millennials won't say what
I'll say because I'm traveler at this
point women over hey you know I will say
they already know that that's as much as
reputations as much as their careers are
worth and he's with style you bet I do
has he done that no but I'm not sure in
this day and age that anything but the
sledgehammer of Donald Trump which
really does still appalled me and goes
up my gentlemenly spine in terms of
conservative okay so what's nice about
this room is that it's divided right
along we're not really in the same room
in fact weird
from this side of the mason-dixon line I
would say yeah I mean to the extent that
you're what you're describing is the two
trunks on on policy I think Trump is
giving us a terrific here I think that
we sometimes in conservative media have
a tendency to overstate how good a year
it's been and I think that we right now
in the conservative media have a
tendency to understate any past
Republican accomplishments of the last
50 years and that bothers me but even
with that being said it's still been a
terrific year we've got some great
judges great dreg deregulation some
great policies we got tax reform to
whatever degree we got it meaning I
don't think that the tax reform that we
got is as great as the tax reform that
we say that we got and I think we've
gotten tax cuts in the past and we
pretend that we haven't gotten them now
because we want to we've gotten tax cuts
in the past and this reform other than
the corporate tax rate is basically it's
I mean but I wasn't pitched that way so
that's right so I agree with listen I
really like the tax bill but what
happened and what it delivered are
actually different things when delivered
was corporate tax cuts is pitched as an
individual to us cut it's not don't talk
in terms of individual tax cuts you have
to talk about Reagan lowering the top
tax bracket from 70 percent to 28 what
nobody's it but yeah I mean I obviously
yeah I'll finish migrating here my
problem where I really that I have two
issues that divide me from the gentleman
from New York and the gentleman from
yeah and that is that I don't think that
you can talk about what the president
does and what the president says because
I think that the number one thing that
the president does is say things that
the job of the first one the job of the
president is as much the bully pulpit as
it is any individual policy many of the
things that we disliked about Barack
Obama were rhetorical they were the way
that he never even pretended to be the
president of the people in this room he
never pretended to be the president of
Republicans who referred to Republicans
as his enemies as the enemy of his
constituents all through
his tenure I don't like that Donald
Trump does that same thing where the
left is concerned I don't like the
continuing polarization of America not
just along political lines but along
partisan lines I think we can win
political arguments I don't know that we
will win in the long run partisan
arguments I especially think that
because of the age barrier that you're
referring to the fact that people under
40 reject the president in ways the
people over 40 do not I think that that
that doesn't bode well for us in terms
of our partisan success over time under
the president so well that's it it's
hard for me to give him an A even though
on policy certainly I would give the
president an a but I think that that the
things that he says matter in the moment
they can it's fun to celebrate them
there he's he's funny he punches all the
right people most of the time I think
sometimes we ignore that he put me or
there are people take some friendly fire
but on the on the whole it's fun to
watch him be Trump you just put the
bully in to bully Bowl but but I'm
worried that there's consequences not
only do I find it distasteful but I
worry that there's consequences and and
that brings me to the thing that I'm
have the most concern about in the era
of Trump and that is not what Trump says
or does but what Republicans and
conservatives say and do and defensive
Trump which is where I think that we
have the most liability right now it it
bothers me that we can't say that what
he does is good when it's good but also
say that what he does is bad when it's
bad I think that because we have have
become so reactionary and partisan in my
opinion that we're losing credibility
with anyone who doesn't already agree
with us about the guy we no longer seem
like honest purveyors of an ideological
which we can discuss the nature of
ideologies but we're no longer purveying
an idea I worry that we're only
supporting a man and I think that that
doesn't work well for conservatism over
time yeah it's not it's not traditional
conservatism I do think there is a
segment of his base that is so rock
solid
that it's it's impressive but it that
worries me to the the fact that he is
such a big personality you know it's
when we talk about the character of the
presidency and does it matter that the
president is has a lack of character I
mean there's no other way to put it he
is not somebody who you'd want
babysitting your children he's not
somebody he'd probably consider a
personal friend that's done he's not
that guy um and you know not to not to
go ancient philosophy but even Aerys
I'll recognize that it didn't you don't
have to be a good person make good
citizen but well but it is also true
that there are consequences to the
nation for having a bad man even if he
is doing good things for you and I agree
with everybody and everything that's
been said about policy obviously I've
said I said it too I've said it directly
to top members of the administration
than on policy particularly executive
policy I'd give him an a-minus you want
to go ahead after Gorsuch that's right
knee does good things I cheer him as
loudly or more loudly than than anybody
else but when he does bad things I think
it is incumbent on us to speak up and we
don't there there's there's a tendency
not to and that's why when Mitch
McConnell says best year for
conservatism in a long time
or in 30 years I will say in terms of
conservative policy I probably agree
with that in terms of for conservatism
there's two ways to judge the year and
one has not come in yet
right so way one is we can judge it on
the policy and way to is what is the
effect of that year right what how are
we actually gonna have how does this
play out over time so let's say that
he's made all the causes that I love and
that you like and all the policies that
we love what if he has made those toxic
right what if what if like to take an
example that is close to my heart
obviously I actually I think that most
Republican presidents would have done
the stuff that he did except for one
thing where I give him 100 percent
credit which is the moving of the
embassy to Jerusalem I think it takes a
man who does not care about any of the
norm to do something like that and he's
totally right and good for him and full
marks now what if his toxicity actually
makes that an unpopular position a much
more unpopular position than it was
before and you've seen this in all of
the areas where he's injected himself
into culture so for example the NFL
fight which I'm sure you guys celebrated
and thought oh this is great so I will
show you why I will tell you why I don't
think it's great the reason that I don't
think it's great is not because I think
he's wrong I think he's a hundred
percent right obviously the reason that
I think that it's that it's bad is that
if you look at the opinion polls and I
know we're not supposed to pay attention
to polls anymore but I think they are
reflective of something if you look at
the opinion polls on how many
fake news Ben cigar you're wise enough
oh yeah now now that now that we've
gotten out of the way I think they've
you know the the problem is that if you
look at you at the polls on the on the
patriotism question on whether you
should actually stand for the anthem or
not what you see is that before Trump
intervened
seventy five percent of the American
public thought you're an idiot if you'd
kneel for the anthem after Trump
intervene fifty five percent of the
American public thinks you're an idiot
if you kneel for the anthem so he can
win a personal victory because that's a
popular issue obviously but if Hillary
Clinton hit its head said anything let's
say God forbid Hillary were president
and Hillary had said anything that
lowered by twenty percent the number of
Americans who thought it was bad to
kneel for the anthem we would say that's
a terrible effect look what she's done
okay and this is this is the problem
with him being personally toxic he can
say things I like and now I actually
have a stake in him not being personally
toxic like if you were representing
policies I don't care about I wouldn't
have a stake in his character then it'd
just be like okay he's a bad character
he's doing crap I don't care about who
cares but if he does stuff that I really
like and I want to see victorious and I
speak to young people all the time and I
want to see young people fall in line
behind a lot of the ideas that he's
actually winning for then he needs to be
good at promulgating those ideas not
just getting them implemented the
president has power because the
president's the president but what
happens in 2020 what happens in 2024
what happens when there's a poll that
shows Republicans under the age of
thirty seventy five percent of them want
Trump primaries in 2020 hey that's not
good for conservatism
but but you've made a good point which
is that you now have stake in his
personal success is personally being
likable there are there are issues where
half that we're so partisan it was so
divided that if Mitt Romney the most
likable Republican there is if he
intervened half the country would oppose
even if that weren't necessarily the
case now this is i that looks delicious
you know the the question of
conservatism i think is one that we
should talk about because i do i do
disagree a little bit let's talk about
it okay but let's talk about it after we
allow Ben to catch some air and we go to
Alicia who's ready with a few the first
set of questions Alicia yeah hey guys
how are you hi Alicia hey everyone I'm
Alicia Krause and to have your question
hurts as Jeremy said earlier you can
just pass away in the common thread on
our live stream on Facebook YouTube or
daily wire comm will pull your questions
and the guys will answer them live on
the air so be sure to direct your
question towards either Michael Andrew
or Jeremy and if you really have to
it'll be lots of fun
and don't forget anyone this isn't like
the conversation where only subscribers
can ask but we do love it if you all
subscribe anyone can ask on Facebook
YouTube or daily wire.com right and if
you're watching on Facebook or YouTube
again we're gonna hit this several times
over the night because you probably have
read the news about algorithm changes
about adblocks about shadow bands that
black lists we struggle to get our
message to you we want to be able to do
that you can help us here on YouTube hit
subscribe for us and while you're there
go ahead and ring that bell that ensures
we'll get notifications from us if
you're on facebook be sure to follow us
either on Ben's personal Facebook page
daily wires Facebook page and while
you're there we'll go into your settings
and turn notifications on that keeps the
algorithm from being able to block our
stuff from getting it from getting to
you and ensures that you'll be able to
see whatever it is that we do for
however long they and you want to get
you guys opinion on the memo gate
cuz now we're gonna get the the Battle
of the memos and how this is all worked
out so I'm gonna give my very brief take
here because I think everybody is
prejudging the evidence before it's in
and it's making me absolutely insane so
number one I think that it is pretty
obvious that the FBI had been corrupted
by Obama and by Hillary with regard to
the Hillary investigation I think that
it's pretty obvious that the James Comey
and members of the FBI we're going to
find her
they were going to exonerate her but we
knew that from literally the day the
James Comey announced that he was not
going to recommend any sort of
prosecution of her because he actually
changed the verbiage of the law well in
order to let her off I mean I pointed
this out the day that it happened
because the lawyer I'm looking at the
statute and going there's nothing in
here that says you have to have intent
right he was actually adding an element
to the law to get her off it's pretty
obvious that something was going on
there but the leap from there to the
Trump Russia collusion investigation is
itself fatally flawed by the way I don't
think Trump cool
with Russia but the leap to the
investigation itself is fatally flawed
and corrupt I think is a pretty major
leap even if you think that the FISA
warrant was based for fir Carter page
the Trump foreign policy advisor was
based on the Russian dossier Carter page
had a FISA warrant against him in like
2014 the guy's dirty and he's been dirty
for a long time and so the idea that
we're going to jump from memo gate that
we're gonna jump from Devon noon as his
memo about intelligence community bias
to shut down the Muller investigation
that's a leap that I don't actually see
and until we actually see the memo we're
not gonna know on the other hand the
Democrats saying that it's the worst
thing ever to write this memo and we're
all gonna die and it's traitor isn't it
and yet no one can question the FBI
knows that seems over-the-top to me as
well but the pitch and tenor have gone
so high old before Bernie Sanders is in
the chamber waiting think we we have we
have Democrats entering the chamber
right now getting ready for the
President's speech whatever grow
tomatoes at Trump when he wants it it
would be the greatest television since
our election night coverage with Tony
pann laughing it's all it's all reality
TV so can we actually do like the
Japanese TV show slippery stairs and he
can actually come down the slippery
stairs I'm just hoping they beat the
Democrats Williams and the Republicans
bring in ice you know because they were
saying they were gonna bring in these
illegal aliens yeah if that is the case
mustn't we arrest and deport them isn't
anything less a mockery of our national
immigration regime a Trump should
actually just get a bunch of people to
put walls around them yeah I would
answer yeah because first of all I
absolutely agree that there are two
issues here one is the is the surface of
it as the Hillary investigation but the
depth of it is the degree to which the
rock along with supine crass term
federal government in Chicago style
Democrat machine and it's about a
Democrat machine is it doesn't always
break the law it's not against the law
to give jobs to friends and to sort of
you know ice the opposition a little bit
but you
is dishonorable and it's not really the
way the federal government has run in
the past and Barack Obama definitely
turned the federal government into a
Democrat style urban machine while the
press sat by and asked him what
enchanted and most about the president
mean I agree but do you think it's a
problem I mean I do think it is a
problem if the Republicans take those
problems and then blow them up to
encompass them all our investigation
itself because if they do that I think
that they are they're actually moving
into Democrat territory by taking the
entire institution of the FBI when
suggesting a so corrupt that we can't
trust them about any three Goudy to his
credit who is bought back Bob Muller all
along said that the Republicans are
expert at taking good facts and using so
much hyper hyper Sinhalese Inc that the
way that the Russian investigation has
been I the Russians the Russians had no
effect on the election a great they have
they have been bothering us on our
elections for at least 20 years that
this this whole investigation and the
mistake of appointing a special counsel
to investigate it Trump's mishandling
but but it is it is indeed the working
out of what Hillary Clinton herself said
would be horrendous if they did not
accept the results of an election and
that is what it is and I think that
that's appalling
it doesn't mean that mother is not an
honest guy it doesn't mean that he's not
going to find you know come out with an
honest I actually don't think there'll
be an indictment coming down mother I
think Muller will actually write I think
Muller is not going to indict I think
the Muller will the best that he's gonna
do is talk about how Trump has a pattern
of obstruction but having looked at the
law the chance of actually being able to
indict Trump on that we're actually the
worst available scenario which is gonna
be Democrats use whatever Muller comes
up with as the grounds for impeachment
and Republicans defend whatever Trump
did in order to defend him against the
invasion
no because I think that's where this is
going right we've gotten to the point
where we will defend everything that
Trump does and this is because I think
you can do both things you can say Trump
did a bunch of stupid things you
shouldn't have done and also this is not
impeachable you know one of my favorite
one of my favorite websites is the
Babylon be yes it's a satire say holy
ruse evangelicals it's so they had a
they had a story about major evangelical
leaders
talking about how Trump was only dating
porn stars as a way of sort of
converting the missionary dating yeah
yeah and this is great man yeah the
problem for me with the with the moment
of we're in history is I wasn't sure at
first if it was satire we bend ourselves
just like we Bend our selves into such
contortions to try to make what's wrong
right and the shame of it is we're also
getting a bunch of things that are good
yeah but but you know I do think Trump
Trump like all of us exists in time and
one of the things that I noticed that
are we sure he's nothing but hamburgers
but he's the healthiest person in
America that's because he's never wasted
his life force on exercise ureases
winneth Paltrow somehow this is totally
exercise we got was carrying the coffins
of people who exercise or maybe here we
go I think they're about to announce
Trump's chambers get ready for the
Democrats to sit and not cheer no allies
no way damn plot no way them they care
for their base they figure Trump's at 30
you know 40% approval rating
they have a midterm coming up and the
chances that they're actually notices
he's 40% no matter what they do which is
impressive actually
I guess that Ryan's just reading stuff
so I get his trumpet that looks like
Trump exiting the White House they're
still driving him over how do I know
what the White House next it looks like
because I'm too into politics
and my favorite people in the
administration to me is that you know
all the policy that's good that's been
coming out yeah I give Trump full credit
because he's at the top of the of the
train but the people who are actually
making the policy underneath him are the
people who are actually making the
policy underneath him like well not
always I mean the fact is that I think
george w bush was a little more involved
in policy than Trump is I think even
Reagan was more involved in policy than
Trump is every so often you'll see Trump
speak about policy in an open setting
and Kevin McCarthy has to then direct
him no you're not no question and when
you delegate when you delegate that's
great he gets he gets full credit for
that but I think it's important for
people who are his critics to recognize
there are a lot of hard-working people
who are around him so even if you don't
like Trump the people around him who are
trying to do the right thing for the
contrary actually trying to do the right
thing for the well a bunch of those
people and it's important for people on
our side to realize that the same thing
which is a lot of the great things that
you're getting out of Trump are the
result of even critics of Trump you know
the the yes a lot of our pals who were
very vocal in their in their opposition
to never Trump which at this point I
think we should just all admit that
never Trump isn't the thing major stream
on the right hates this guy in spite of
all of the correct major I don't I don't
think that's correct I mean look at the
list of people were quote-unquote never
trumpet in vote firms I didn't vote from
in the general election right trying to
go up I didn't vote from the pool but
but the vast majority of those people
have been giving real credit where
credit is due and defending him from
from stuff when he doesn't deserve it
right they'll hit him but it's but there
there is a group and I think it's
relatively small right I think you can
name them actually where I think it's
like Brett Stephen Bret Stephens Bill
Kristol
okay from that the pleaser people
they're quite prominent people who were
former leaders of the game but but but
to suggest that there was this broad and
never Trump movement that has continued
past the election is not true it's
literally like three guys never Trump
existed in time right it has never
trouble for me for most people who are
never Trump yeah okay never Trump was
I'm not voting for him once he's
president that no longer applies I don't
have a vote for him anymore it's over
can I finish the thought though Bob
about it's just this thing but like all
of us he lives in he moves in time he
was a political neophyte he does learn
stuff you can watch him figure stuff out
he is not the man he was when he took
yeah I did not sense he's a much smarter
much better politician than he was you
know and he's a little bit a lot of them
escaped a lot of the mistakes he made of
staffing the guys he fired that it was
all at the beginning and he started to
figure stuff out and then people that
you're giving credit rating about a
colonel yeah it's a TV that Grady Amana
curve he is a neophyte he is unlike
other the one thing that incredible guy
who stepped in out of a different
business and he has learned okay so so I
so I agree that he has learned which
levers to
okay that that but that is not the same
thing as saying that he learns on the
job as far as what the job is here's the
thing you keep going back to and this is
two different visions of the presidency
and this is where I think the
fundamental disconnected you keep going
back to he's learning on the job if you
think that the job is purely you sign
your name on this piece of paper and X
happens or you fire this guy or hire
this guy and Y happens and then I agree
with you if you think that learning on
the job actually involves growing into
the office like there are a lot of us
who thought maybe there's a report
denied the election you know when when I
was laughing hysterically because this
hole is probably absurd and so funny but
it's but there was a report that that
Trump got the news that he'd won but for
a second there was like a sobering
moment where he realized he was
president growing into the job when we
first talked about it was not just he's
gonna learn which piece of paper to sign
or he's gonna learn which guy to staff
at state or to listen to Mike Pence's to
whom the staff at state right growing as
the job was going to mean that he
recognized I'm now sitting in the office
those are occupied by Abraham Lincoln
right I'm now sitting in the office that
was occupied by Ronald Reagan and Grenn
Calvin Coolidge and great men who sat in
this office and helped bring the country
together and there he hasn't learned a
damn thing I mean look at his Twitter
feed the idea that he'd the idea that he
is bringing the country together again
I like his policies and I can like his
policy but let's face reality here the
country is as divided or more divided
than it was the night of the election
what you're saying is that his character
hasn't changed yes somebody somebody at
during my which is their heart which is
the fact that always bothered me which
is right I mean it wasn't even his
policy in my version of the conversation
somebody asked me why you and I saw this
differently and I gave an answer as we
do on the fly but after I went home and
thought about it I realized that I'm a
novelist my job is to observe stuff and
to look at stuff and I've always and
we've we've taught you and I have talked
about this a lot is that I've always had
a very tragic view of the world and I've
always thought like nations combinations
go there's no question there's no
question that our culture is at a low
our culture has really gone downhill and
Trump is not Trump is not only create
helped create that part as a product but
he is a product of that nature I wish
you were Lincoln too you know I am sad
that our culture is and I tell her the L
R like I said I'm sad that our culture
has become a fight between Jay Z and
Donald Trump that
but it is where we are and in some ways
like it is is positive given even that
fact it is a positive occurrence that a
conservative voice has come out and
bought the culture it is a cultural
figure fight in the wrong way you end up
alienating a lot of the people to be a
prospective allies your your your
grading him against your grading him
against the alternative of Hillary being
president or grading him against the
alternative of Jeb Bush being president
and I'm grading him against the
alternative of this is the greatest
opportunity unexpected opportunity
didn't no one expected right I mean no
one there expect like I know people in
the Trump administration no one thought
he was going to win okay all of this
revisionist history where they were
sitting around and they had all the maps
in front of them and they're playing the
forty doesn't believe it's just not true
but they're not really I mean I think
that I don't know that he wanted winner
he didn't want to win I think that the
whole thing was started off as a lark
and suddenly he finds himself in the
Oval Office everyone and I think wants
to win cuz he likes winning I'm not sure
that he wanted when he want to be
president but I think that but that
being the case like if he could let's
put this way if he could put the win on
his on his box and then go golfing for
four years so long as all his policies
get done but I think that we have to
grade him against maybe it's early maybe
it's early maybe you're right maybe it's
a little early for us to grade him
against the opportunity lost until we
know what opportunity has been lost but
I fear that an opportunity is being lost
in real time and every time we have one
of these moments right in the State of
the Union tonight where he's going to
come together he says he's gonna try and
unify the country yeah so he's gonna
come together he's gonna say a bunch of
stuff up the teleprompter I hate this
whole thing this monarchist crap and
that's really what it is if any of
terrible it's such garbage idea what are
we talking about now in the State of the
Union stay the Union itself is
monarchist garbage this idea of the
great the Great King walking in in the
legislative branch of law and go back to
sending a letter to Congress later
George Washington did I'd be much I
tweet out the state I'm fine with it but
but sorry to finish so when every time
he does one of these there a set of
headlines the next day saying this is
the day that Donald Trump became present
we've had at least five rounds that's
right we had this after he had Congress
last year yeah right which was a very
good speech yeah right
had it after his inauguration we had it
like this was the moment that Donald
from became president and then within 24
hours he's back to being Trump yeah and
if the imagine if that moment actually
happened
imagine if he gave this speech tonight
and then he didn't go on Twitter and
start a bunch of flights with jay-z
right yeah but and this is n this leno
night but I think that you're joking but
I don't think and I think and I think
that and I think that what you are
saying is the problem because I think so
long as his base continues to cheer him
when he does stupid crap he's gonna
continue to stupid crap and we're gonna
cheer him because we're the base but
there's a whole world of people outside
of us we don't share this stuff who
think that this who think that this
disgrace is the office of the presidency
and I'm willing to take the good along
with the bad so long as there's good but
there could come a point pretty quickly
here I mean again not cite polls but
right now he's losing him post Bernie
Sanders in 2020 57 to 40 okay that's
that that's not great I'm skeptical I'm
skeptical with some of these polls too
because it's not an actual election
cycle you lost the popular vote by three
million he's gonna need to win ten
million additional votes from from 2016
to 2020 if he wants win reelection Bush
had to Bush lost by 500,000 votes he had
to win twelve million additional votes
to just beat John Kerry by a little bit
right right that means that Trump is
gonna have to do better there's just no
question he's gonna have to do better
unless the Democrats make the mistake of
nominating again they somehow find
though the second worst candidate in
history
Grammy's are they out of their mind they
must be crazy she's out of her mind and
she is hitting the sauce so you remember
after Al Gore lost the presidency after
he won the presidency after he lost the
presidency yeah you remember the beard
like if Hillary could grow a beard if
she's hitting the sauce if she's hitting
the sauce I don't like having pity for
Hillary but a you know feel a familial
bond to her but breaking news the white
is announcing that they're going to have
Trump yeah like this he's going to
reverse Obama's executive order to close
the detention center in the State of the
Union
so he's a yeah he's gonna reopen and get
them but you never close can we get our
cigars through Gitmo or do we have to go
to Havana listen before the action
starts I'm sure people want to know
about the cigars because Michael is
actually wearing a smoking jacket and
yeah we've gotten zero Moses wedding
night out we are in fact all cigar
smokers at the Daily wire except for
young mr. Shapiro who has no vices at
all but Michael and I made a trip down
to slave island last year in search of
the finest cigar I don't mean we went
down there to buy Cuban cigars you'll
hear people who say oh we love Cuban
cigars no no no we were looking for like
the cigar yeah we're here we took a
weekend just to buy cigars we flew down
on a Friday we flew back on a Sunday
yeah we all we did virtually all we did
on this whole island was go shop to shop
to find the rarest cigars you can find
and Michael Knowles I'm smoking my
favorite cigar Monte Cristo on yeha
though this is a an aged delicious cigar
I think we have also a Churchill says I
think drew is is smoking the Romeo wide
Churchill which is a wonderful cigar but
the cigar of the night belongs to
Michael Knowles and that's because it is
the Donald Trump of cigar this is the
Donald Trump of cigarettes very pleased
that we got this this is the bek of 56
this is the top of the line of the top
of the line of Cohiba which is the
premier brand it cost you 20 bucks but
50 well there is something about this
cigar it is oversized like some Sarah
president is known for its yellow and
shiny top and it exclusively it's a KFC
which is very good for our country and
the cigar thing about listening to
Noel's talk about cigars because it'll
make the State of Union sound really
interesting so yeah we've that humidor
is almost exclusively stacked with with
our Cubans basically yeah that's the
bounty from Cuba we're this is the
executive offices here at the at Daily
wire headquarters so we keep all of our
cigars on proud display only we mean
this is Jeremy's personal because I
shoot my show from the broom closet of
the ben shapiro every so often for an
evening as a man who lives in los
angeles I just want to ask you guys two
questions one is it true that they roll
the cigars on the thighs of virgins and
- what's a virgin so we're just waiting
at this point for for the President to
enter the speech is supposed to begin in
about five minutes that means that he's
gonna come in and then it'll be I'm
really unfasten ated to see who charges
down for the photo with him like all the
people in battleground districts usually
this is the way that it works they said
everybody in a battleground district
next to the aisles they can get pictures
with the president as he walks in and
they can send that to all their
constituents the chances that any
Democrat does that are below zero right
I mean much better chance that one of
them has a like a coconut cream pie so
we should do some prop bets here I mean
like what are the odds that someone is
shouts you lie or just shouts in the
middle of the speech the people that
they brought in first of all some of the
Congressional Black Caucus
are boycotting the speech I think
they're spending they don't want to be
with a bigot yeah yes I was I mean the
question is how far after the speech is
Bernie Sanders getting his cuz it takes
him at least a year to toddle out of
this do you think here's a question I
want asked when when Trump arrived in
Davos and I'm not usually surprised by
anything but I was really surprised
startled by the absolute awe with which
he was
greeted by these people who were
supposed to have lost all respect for
America everybody stopped cold I can't
help but wonder if there's something
about Trump yes to our quality about
Trump that overrides a lot of them
because they're all because all of these
Richie Rich's the tapos are now thinking
maybe I could be President I mean they
treated him more like a reality TV star
than they didn't like the president yeah
why give it like if anur with bush would
come they would just be like oh that's
the president yes I have to negotiate
without Trump is such a I mean he no one
in the history of mankind
Ezra has been the center of attention
like Donald Trump no no question he's
larger than life and the cameras have
made him even larger than that and so
all these guys the greatest case against
Trump Russia collusion is the only thing
Trump would possibly collude with is the
management of Berger actively figuring
out a campaign plan to funnel
information from the Kremlin
to him like he's got a secret closet at
headquarters and he's talking it's just
it's the most absurd theory of all time
but it's but okay so now we're getting
the persuaders money unless you work
with the white pantsuit you know there's
worry leashes in there the room gushing
over there excellent
I really wish that nobody a stormy
Daniels reference guys don't do it I'm
glad I finally don't do it
lay or something yeah if we lose Milania
B I know I know the chances of her
running away from this marriage are you
kidding me I mean she points it you know
they always okay I'm not gonna talk
about the job that first lady's do which
is to literally stand there and not look
terrible
that's literally there yeah exactly I'm
going to run for president by day but
yeah my favorite thing about Milania is
that interview where they asked her if
if Trump would be with her strong
beautiful and she said would I be with
mineral-rich yeah it's just spectacular
you don't know if that back super sure
yeah oh here we go
okay mr. speaker the president's cabinet
I want Steve minuchin to bring out his
wife nobody holding dollars as they walk
out it's so spectacular Rex Tillerson
who doesn't know where he is
there's Steve minuchin there's general
mattis taking a break from eating come
flossing and stupid Barbara there's
Attorney General Jeff Sessions who's
been let out of his cage for the evening
by the president yeah
Stephen Newton fresh from producing the
latest smash hit Justice League I like
this so why don't they actually drooling
yes I do want to take this moment to say
if you are not a subscriber to the daily
wire and you want this kind of rousing
intellectual basis head over to Daley
wired.com for only $9.99 you can get
your very own leftist ears hot or cold
tumblr you get the Daily Show from
Michael Noel's The Daily Show from
Andrew Clavin The Daily Show from Ben
Shapiro yes
by contrast you're simply looking for a
great place to ask your delicious Monte
Cristo I head over to louder with
Crowder and become a member of the Mudd
Club
it is a terrific mug yeah yeah that's
exactly right
I'm good we cremate you one or two put
that's may be the pinnacle if you said
this in front of steven crowder he would
hold a 72-hour mug Club eleazar and if
he gets to 500 subscribers he will
personally cremate okay so yeah we've
got the rest of it now here all the
cabinet officers you have no idea they
are no there's Betsy DeVos there's a
there's marry a man who reigns actually
would be President Vladamir Perry lad
Amir Perry who was President of the
Republic of Texas there is it there is
my spirit animal nikki Haley
I love Rick Perry though he's pretty
great Betsy DeVos has taken on the chin
and she's been terrific as well
yes vacation I because I feel I keep
making these jokes about Mickey Elliott
the UN being like SM porn like watch his
beautiful woman slap around and I put
guilty about that so I can't make any
comments I know you probably see much
she's and she's taken this this smear
from the wolf implicate trap she's been
great well that's that just shows how
garbage this whole this whole left-wing
push on me too has been it's all
politicized if they really cared about
this stuff they wouldn't be smearing
nikki Haley really bro that really gross
so we're all just waiting obviously for
the arrival of the President of the
United States and we'll see if I want
jets and sharks going full-on dance
fight in the middle of that like
paintings in the center and be like pre
Civil War
there's mattis who single-handedly
killed every ice exactly exactly I
wonder when he has the greatest he does
does he not I mean said there there are
a few of them where they kind of
spontaneously but there I would he's got
to write them right I mean there's no
guys read like 7000 books everything
evangelize is one of those great
soldiers that's right right when you
average the number of books that he and
Trump have read together it's three
story i I had the privilege of hosting
our president not long after the
president same strength and he came out
to LA and spoke very gracious spoke to a
group that I that I ran at the time and
he actually said during his speech I'm
the only guy in America who's written
more books than I've read seriously
curious
Democrats what's the one besides the one
that you didn't know I didn't write
jokerman English
okay so and now Paul Ryan looking
awkward as he likes Paul Ryan everybody
likes Paul riding this in with a like
alfalfa and the little rascals I like
Paul Ryan I think he's in the wrong job
and I feel sorry for him yesterday he
was in his dream job and he was in the
job that I dream of him happy Eve and
our party went into disarray and then
there's ben Carson a man who the
president was suggested was an insane
person who stabs a child you know we
were we were the moaning that you have
to love that about going on guys I mean
let's be real about this okay we're
sitting here and it's 2018 and in a
second Donald Trump is gonna walk out
the guy from The Apprentice is gonna
walk out and address us likes the person
like macho Camacho walking out there
with two machine guns in either hand
it's gonna be spectacular
I do love American politics in this
essentially I'm call somebody okay let's
see the iteration here we go they're
gonna how can we hear this site can we
get to go announce my Skeletor
okay we need a wide shot guys like it's
not useful this close-up yeah really
I run with the Democrats Rivero I'll
kick like I know Trump looks like you
did applause for me I think I'll clap
for him walking here he's the president
no I think I think there are actually
from the CDC up for him this is over
there yeah president that's right
there's the right honourable Louie Louie
go there's Kevin McCarthy just trying to
guard from from being whispered to by
Chuck Schumer yeah a lot of Democrats
sitting down not a meager bedroom it
really is low not to stand honestly I
hate the State of the Union address so
much that any drama that's added I'm in
favor of it I hate this thing so much hi
so I don't fault people for staying home
never used to go to gangs a charade is
not like the State of the Union there
was some people watch it it was the one
time you forget we forget because a lot
of people don't know what's going on
have no ideas no trunk nothing about no
of course not right but he doesn't have
to know what if what if he actually does
just read the memo I wish that he would
give a thing under one look and I do
love that he clams from Selatan he gives
himself the clap oh I didn't mean it the
way it came out so we're gonna talk a
little less and let everyone at home
actually hear some of the president's
address I can't promise that we won't
mouth
yesterday
you can't you really now let's see like
how look at all these Democrats sitting
right that road yeah you stand for the
president right yeah I do look at I love
this I love that he's like walking
around clapping from something to
campaign rally it's fantastic this is
wait this is what you gotta love back
from the guy the guy has no sense of
place or time no as you say and it's
there's something charming about it
there is there it's like a guy Olas
Pelosi not clapping but standing what if
he actually just starts ripping on
anemic names wife in the middle of his
game all points and president for life
if he brings out Steve Bannon a gimp
mask I will say that on the day that uh
well no we won't say this no ways get
that we're gonna have a staff pop up a
little popcorn for us yeah a little food
and you get a little food in here and
we'll watch the speech and hope you
enjoy the speech to be sure and I hit
subscribe if you're watching on YouTube
follow us if you're watching on Facebook
send us a comment or a question we'll be
glad to answer here's the president
members of Congress and the distinct
honor a prevent of presenting to you the
President of the United States
come on come on guys now the and Lincoln
smiles down from heaven on the country
he preserved history speaker mr. vice
president members of Congress the First
Lady of the United States and my fellow
Americans less than one year has passed
since I first stood at this podium in
this majestic chamber to speak on behalf
of the American people and to address
their concerns their hopes and their
dreams that night our new administration
had already taken very swift action a
new tide of optimism was already
sweeping across our land each day since
we have gone forward with a clearer
vision and a righteous mission to make
America great again for all Americans
over the last year we have made
incredible progress and achieved
extraordinary success we have faced
challenges we expected and others we
could never have imagined we have shared
in the heights of victory and the pains
of hardship we have endured floods and
fires and storms but through it all we
have seen the beauty of America soul and
the steel in America's spine each test
has forged new American heroes to remind
us who we are and show us what we can be
we saw the volunteers of the Cajun Navy
racing to the rescue with their fishing
boats to save people in the aftermath of
a totally devastating hurricane we saw
strangers shielding strangers from a
hail of gunfire on the Las Vegas Strip
we heard tales of Americans like Coast
Guard Petty Officer Ashley Leppard who
is here tonight in the gallery with
melania
Ashley was aboard one of the first
helicopters on the scene in Houston
during the hurricane Harvey through 18
hours of wind and rain
Ashley braved live power lines and deep
water to help save more than 40 lives
Ashley we all thank you thank you very
much
we heard about Americans like
firefighter David Dahlberg he's here
with us also David faced down walls of
flame to rescue almost 60 children
trapped in a California summer camp
threatened by those devastating
wildfires to everyone still recovering
in Texas Florida Louisiana Puerto Rico
and the Virgin Islands everywhere we are
with you we love you and we always will
pull through together always
thank you to David and the brave people
of California thank you very much David
great job
some trials over the past year touched
this chamber very personally with us
tonight is one of the toughest people
ever to serve in this house a guy who
took a bullet almost died and was back
to work three and a half months later
the legend from Louisiana congressman
Steve skilling
I think they like you Steve
we're incredibly grateful for the heroic
efforts of the Capitol police officers
the Alexandria Police and the doctors
nurses and paramedics who saved his life
and the lives of many others some in
this room in the aftermath yes
in the aftermath of that terrible
shooting we came together not as
Republicans or Democrats but as
representatives of the people but it is
not enough to come together only in
times of tragedy tonight I call upon all
of us
