okay we're gonna talk more today about
both the immigration mass and the mess
at the Justice Department and how the
government and the press really silence
the voice of the people but as a guy who
has worked in the movie businesses had
movies made and has made my life in the
arts my entire living in the arts my
whole life I feel like obligated to say
something about the Oscars the Oscar
nominations came out I guess was
yesterday and I feel like I should say
something about him this is what I have
to say I don't care I don't care who's
nominated I don't care who wins I care
very deeply about the Arts I really do I
think the arts are incredibly important
incredibly humanizing and civilizing
they create wisdom they create the
culture and even I like even good art
that I might disagree with like this
year there was a black paranoia
horror movie called get out which I
thought was absolutely delightful and
intelligent and well-made I think that
blacks should make their paranoia into
horror movies just like everybody else
and that's what it was and it's great
but here's the thing through much of the
20th century the movies were America's
central art form by which I mean they
were the way we talk to each other
through the arts and now they're not
like all art forms they've run out of
steam and when an art form starts to run
out of steam and becomes moribund the
art form divides into popular products
that are kind of shallow but everybody
likes them like all the superhero movies
and good products and intelligent
products that speak to and for a very
very small group of intellectual elites
so that's what you have that's why
they've doubled the number of movies
that are nominated you have these big
films that really entertain a lot of
people but don't deserve to get artistic
recognition and then you have these tiny
tiny little films that'll leave people
like and they kind of are more what you
would call typically artistic now some
of these small elite movies are good and
some of them are bad and I'm kind of an
elite artsy craftsy guy myself so I like
them I enjoy them but the Oscars were
created when the movies were a public
art form and they were America's art
form there were a great big garish
glitzy and glamorous award show that was
meant for all the people because it was
a popular all right all the people were
watching the movies all the people cared
who won an Oscar net and the movies
spoked
everybody through a set of core shared
assumptions that America was a good
place that freedom was a good thing that
Christianity was central to the way we
thought and who we were all these movies
weren't made by people who necessarily
held all the same views but they all
held those assumptions because they were
selling to the great mass of Americans
to hold a big garish glamorous award
show about a tiny teensy little art form
that's for elites is absolutely absurd a
movie like last year's winner I think
was a little moonlight as that was
called you know that can win an award
with some name like the teensy-tiny
award for how many intersectional groups
can be represented in a single movie and
the award can be a little golden statue
of a homosexual black man transitioning
into a Native American woman that would
make sense because as the movies become
an art form for the elites then they
start to be the award start to be handed
out according to elite left this
philosophical obsessions women have to
get some blacks have to get some if you
don't it's the Oscars so wide and too
many men all these men are being
nominated unfortunately that has nothing
to do with the quality of the movie
which was what we were talking about
originally when the Oscars got started
so if Hollywood is going to give
statuettes for participation to some
minority woman whether or not her work
is as good as the work of a white man
what's why do I have to talk about that
why should I even discuss it I don't
even want to come on and say this woman
didn't deserve it but this white guy did
I don't even want to have that
conversation I just want to go to the
movies and enjoy the movies the awards
are now about the people making the
movies they're about the small elite who
care about these tiny movies they're not
about the rest of us and it's absurd you
know intersectional quotas serving is
not a celebration of true American
culture you know it used to do this
thing at Oscar time whenever the
nominations would come out I would do a
comic video or I'd write an article you
can find these they're still up online
and I would do a fake oscar show from
movies that should win but they don't
win because they didn't get made so they
would be conservative movies so for
instance this year you do a movie about
the Islamic rape problem in Europe you
know Islamic
raping women they're not gonna make that
movie it's just not gonna happen or we
do something about illegal immigrants
who commit murder and then laugh about
it or we do something about a story
about a brave reporter who uncovers the
corruption in the Obama administration
while other journalists cover it up
those movies aren't being made because
the movies are no longer being made for
the mass of America they're being made
for this small elite which is in the
grip of this leftists obsession that is
absurd it's based on absurd points it's
falling apart as we watch we don't have
to worry about it we don't even have to
think about it we just have to destroy
it and start to create our own stuff and
move on an art form that doesn't address
the truth of its time that problems of
its time it's no longer an art form it's
just a form of distortion as propaganda
so the intersectional quote awards for
left-wing distortion as propaganda is
not something that's interesting to me I
care about the culture I care about art
I don't care about leftist propaganda
patting itself on the back my only hope
is that the oppressed movie actresses of
America where they're black
you know protest stress is really low
enough to show off their magnificent
cleavage so Michael Knowles we'll have
something to look at when I force him to
watch the Oscar show so I don't have to
trigger warning on Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
he also sings it easing
all right it's mailbag day so we're
gonna answer all your questions got a
lot of good questions we have to record
we have to use an old recording of
Lindsay now because Lindsay is so big
with her child that she could if she
would like that the kid would be born at
this point we only use an old recording
but the mailbag will be coming up the
answers are guaranteed 100% correct and
will change your life on occasion for
the better we also want to talk about
and welcome our new sponsor which is
ring I just ordered one of these so I
can't give you my testimony I haven't
gotten it yet these are a series of
devices that you know when somebody is
at your door rings the doorbell you can
see who it is it'll give you a camera
they have more you know more expensive
ones that will turn on spot lights
outside your house you can see this it
works on your phone so you can see it
even when you're not there and we even
have a video there's a video of the sky
if you're not watching or you can't see
it come to the door and he has got a
tool bag a tool kit in his hand it's
he's obviously a break-in artist right
and the lady sees him through the ring
camera the video camera and has this
conversation here's just a clip of what
happens hey sorry we're in the middle of
dinner can I help you yes how are you
good how are you good seen you in a
while I don't know who you are I'm
Justin I met you he takes off now that
you know I can't say for sure the guy
was a quick crook but it looks pretty
creepy to me and that's an old old trick
by the way as a New Yorker I can tell
you that's an old old trick don't I know
you from
yeah we met at that that that you know
that thing that thing and then you fill
it in form you know you say you mean
that dinner yeah the dinner that's what
I what you know so there's old old trick
but with ring you can see the guy you
can talk to the guy you can put out an
alert you can get the ones the spotlight
cam a fly
like can that built lets you build a
ring of security around your entire
property you can stop crime before it
happens and help make your entire
neighborhood safer with ring you can
also save up to a hundred and fifty
dollars on a ring of security kit at
ring.com slash clayvin and you say sure
I can save $150 but how do you spell
Clavin it's que la vie a nvz
do a he's no ease there are no ease and
Clavin because it's just not easy being
Clavin that's ring.com slash Clavin will
get you a hundred and fifty dollars off
when you go to ring comm slash Clavin
one hundred fifty bucks off and you can
keep your house and your neighborhood
safe so you know what talking about the
Oscars we're talking about this division
that that has come about in our country
between the elites and the people and
that division has always been there but
there used to be a commitment of the
elites to the people you know Lincoln
talking about government for the people
by the people of the people you know yet
that commitment is gone I really feel
the elites and the people are now so
divided this has happened in Europe but
it's happening here and this is one of
the reasons I think you get Donald Trump
so you know they had this government
shutdown and obviously the Democrats got
their butts kicked I mean Trump is
really good at this he didn't he didn't
stand down he knows who his base is but
the thing about you have to remember
about not just the Democrats but the
Republicans is they're not on the
people's side in this a poll came out a
repol can you know here's the thing
we're talking about when we're talking
about immigration we're not talking
about little Juan and how sad he looks
we're not talking about oh this man has
been here and he served in the Marines
and what a good person there are all
kinds of sad stories on all sides that's
not what we're talking about we're
talking about three problems illegality
then the rule of law who decides who
comes in that's what the rule of laws
about we decide we decide who we want
where they come from what we need then
we let them in that's on us so the rule
of law these are the people who pass the
laws it's not too much to ask that they
obey the laws and enforce the laws it
really is not and when they start crying
and when Chuck Schumer starts weeping
over this one or that one you know all I
thought hey you're a senator
past the laws obey the laws enforce the
laws the second thing we're dealing with
is Muslims and that's a shorthand way of
saying people who come into this country
who may have philosophies that don't
adhere to Western values and Western
values are very specific they have a
history they came from somewhere it's
not enough to come here because you need
some money it's not enough to come here
because you can get a job it's not
enough to come here because they're
chasing you out of the other country you
have to come here because you want to be
an American and Trump is absolutely
right about this and the third thing is
people who take jobs from the lowest
workers you know somebody said this I
wish I could remember who it was in The
Wall Street Journal yesterday made the
point that you can't you can't at one
hand say on the one hand say oh we have
these problems because automation is
taking jobs away from the working man
and then say oh but we need more working
men to come in and take jobs it doesn't
make any sense it's one of the other so
these are the three things that people
are worrying about in Harvard Harris
Poll taking as the shutdown was just
about to happen found that Americans
strongly support granting citizen rights
to illegal immigrant dreamers who guys
who were already there but they strongly
back president Trump's three demands for
a border wall limits to the chain of
family migration and an end to the
diversity visa lottery diversity is not
by the way our strengths our strength is
our Creed and we want people to coming
in who will live by that Creed the
public demands a lower overall legal
immigration they want less people to
come in Legally they want Americans want
annual legal immigration capped at
500,000 a year or less far lower than
the current annual rate of 1.3 million
the survey asked respondents what level
of overall legal immigration they would
like to see a stunning 35 percent said
the level should be fewer than 250
thousand dollars 250,000 people a year
okay so all they talk about because the
the media is part of this elite ignoring
the voice of the people all they talk
about is the fact that 77 percent want
to legalize the dreamers but they don't
understand that that is part of a
package of saying yes
you know we what these people are here
we get it they made a life here we get
it but close the damn bore
I mean it is time to stop this and the
same you know this is exactly what
happened in Europe this is exactly what
happened in your year after year after
year the poll said no we don't want a
million Muslim refugees coming into our
towns and the and the people the
politicians would talk tough and then
they would let them come sweeping in and
do nothing absolutely nothing about it
and as a result of that you get this
very ugly bigotry this anti-immigrant
bigotry rises up and the the average
American the average person who just
says now wait a minute
you know let's enforce the rule of law
let's think about this is now standing
next to a Nazi and that gives the Nazi
credibility and you don't want that to
happen you want to deal with these
problems before hateful feelings kind of
blend with reasonable feelings so this
is what makes one of the things you have
to remember is the Republicans are not
all on our side on this one you were
talking about guys like Jeff Flake and
Lindsey Graham they are effectively
Democrats that effectively let everybody
come in so Lindsey Graham is complaining
about Stephen Miller you know they
basically the immigration hardliner in
the Trump administration and he's said
he's working with dick Durbin to send
over what they're calling a bipartisan
agreement but it's not a bipartisan
agreement cuz Graham and Durbin are on
the same side so here's Graham talking
about Stephen Miller I'm saying that I
think the reason we yanked these things
back is because mr. Miller I've known
him for a long time I know he's passed
and I know is an early support the
president but I'll just tell you his
view of immigration has never been in
the mainstream of the Senate and I think
we're never going to get there as long
as we embrace concepts that that cannot
possibly get 60 votes one of the
concepts that I just completely reject
is that we have too much legal
immigration
you know mr. Miller wants to restrict
legal immigration at a time we have a
worker shortage where the climbing
population we need more of legal
immigration so mr. Miller has evolved on
a pathway to citizenship but to for
every green cards you give a daca
recipient he wants to take one out of
the system and I don't want green cards
just for computer engineers so you heard
the chief reason there was
mr. Miller is out of the mainstream of
the Senate Miller and Trump are right in
the smack dab middle of the mainstream
of the people and it's the people who
these guys are supposed to be
representing and serving look the people
aren't always right the voice of the
people is not contrary to popular belief
the voice of God but they they do have a
really good feel about things like this
and when he says you know we need more
workers we have a worker shortage if we
have a worker shortage how come the EX
life expectancy rate is going down
because people are killing themselves
with opiates because they're in despair
and they don't have a job what the hell
is he talking about he is talking about
a very small elite group of people that
includes him and the Senate and it
includes Chuck Schumer because now Chuck
Schumer got burned he got burned by the
his failure to play up the government
shutdown as good for Democrats the first
time ever the first time ever and if you
don't think the whole Trump is making a
difference so first time ever Democrats
lost a shutdown fight because Trump
stood up to them and he went to the
people through Twitter and he called it
the Schumer shut down he rebranded it
they called it the Trump shutdown but
it's you know he called it the Schumer
shutdown he outdid them he outdid them
so now Schumer has to talk tough and now
Schumer is is you know that even the
press is attacking him and Schumer is
now talking like oh well the wall is off
the table and we're not going to give
you anything here he is this area's
threatening he's threatening the the
Republicans is cut number two
okay Chuck is an emotional guy but here
he is
Republican majority now has 16 days to
work with us to write a bill that can
get sixty votes and prevent the dreamers
from being deported the clock is ticking
16 days that's not much time gotta get
moving
leader McConnell his Republican
colleagues all of us should hear the
countdown clock ticking to protect the
800,000 young dreamers from deportation
we can get it done every Democrat all 49
of us supports daca the pressure now is
on leader McConnell in the Republican
moderate caucus to help find us a
solution that protects the 800,000
dreamers and can pass the Senate
what about protects Americans but
seriously I mean who is this guy served
you want to know who he serves they were
outside his apartment in Brooklyn
protesting the dreamers and the
immigrant activists were out there was
this is cut number a7ii thought Schumer
should have called ice you know I'll
have you bums deported your guy won't
let me sleep so they send this
bipartisan bill but it's not bipartisan
because Lindsey Graham and Jeff Flake
and Durbin are all the same party on
this they are all they do not stand for
the people they sat stand for the Senate
they do not stand for the people of this
country Trump does this is Trump
definitely standing right in the
mainstream and they send this this
bipartisan deal to Trump and here's
Sarah Sanders reaction cup three I'd
like to leave no doubt no doubt where
the White House stands on the flake gram
and ermine agreement on immigration
reform in the bipartisan meeting here at
the White House two weeks ago we
outlined a path forward on four issues
serious border security and into chain
migration the cancellation of the al
and unsafe Visa Lottery and a permanent
solution to daca
unfortunately the flake Graham Durbin
agreement does not meet these benchmarks
in fact it would not secure our border
encourage more illegal immigration
increased chain migration and retain the
visa lottery system in short it's
totally unacceptable to the President
and should be declared dead on arrival
the president has been extraordinarily
consistent on the immigration and what
his priorities are his views are shared
by the vast majority of the American
people and have bipartisan support in
the US Senate and the House of
Representatives all true you know this
is why I never care about the sex stuff
and I have to say you know they're
they're attacking the evangelicals some
of whom are letting Trump off the hook
on you know his sexual shenanigans but
I've always been this way they can't
attack me on hypocrisy I was this way
with Clinton - I did this is not the
thing that I care about so now there's
the story about a porn star who was
spanking Trump with a forbes magazine my
reaction to that was Forbes you know no
but but if the guy is speaking for the
people if he is speaking for the people
and the people are right I mean if the
people are not being fascist they're
being very sensible they're being there
they're the ones who are being rational
they're the ones who are being logical
Lindsey Graham is not and Chuck Schumer
when he does his crying routine and the
tears running down the face of the
Statue of Liberty this is not rational
the people are being so much more
rational than the elites is it really is
not and this is also true on this
scandal or a possible scandal within the
FBI you know we've talked about this a
lot yesterday about these texts that
came out but between these FBI lovers in
which it seemed clear that Loretta Lynch
right yeah blandly sinister Attorney
General Loretta Lynch that when she sat
down on the tarmac and met with Bill
Clinton on that time I came in July 2016
she already knew she already knew that
Comey was going to clear Hillary Clinton
and it really makes it look as if that
meeting look I don't know this I'm not
saying this is a definite thing is you
know I'm not saying this is exactly
what's happening but I'm just saying
look this is what it looks like at a
glance it looks like she sat down with
him to give him the thumbs up you know
to say you know it's all gonna be fine I
can't send you an email so I'll meet
with you person
give you a wink and a nod it's all gonna
be fine and this by the way by the way
is completely out of keeping with what
Comey James Comey the former FBI
director testified when he said he said
I there was no coordination here is
Comey testifying that he did not tell
Loretta Lynch what he was gonna do and
then the capper was I'm not picking on
the the Attorney General Loretta Lynch
who I like very much but her meeting
with President Clinton on that airplane
was the capper for me and I then said
you know what the department cannot by
itself credibly end this the best chance
we have is a justice system is if I do
something I never imagined before step
away from them and tell the American
people look here's what the FBI did
here's what we found here's what we
think and that that offered us the best
chance of the American people believing
in the system that it was done in a
credible way that was a hard call for me
to make to call the Attorney General
that morning and say I'm about to do a
press conference I'm not gonna tell you
what I'm gonna say and I said to her I
hope someday you'll understand why I
think I have to do this but look I
wasn't loving this so according to the
guy who was running struck the guy who
was running the investigation Hillary
Clinton who was at the top level of that
investigation
she uh Loretta Lynch already knew what
he was going to do which means there
Comey was out of touch or he was telling
not telling the truth to that committee
just there you know so I mean this is
it's a story and look again I'm just
telling you what it looks like I do not
know but it is a new story and how many
people hearing that five months five
crucial months of these text messages
have disappeared how many people who
hear that are gonna go like well it was
an accident is that what people are
really going to think we don't know
because the networks won't report it ABC
still isn't reporting it I didn't see a
single story about it in the New York
Times I'm not saying they didn't do it
cuz maybe it was buried somewhere on
page C 23 or something like that but I
didn't see any story about it there
they're obviously keeping it out let me
just play you a brief audio clip of NPR
because NPR is the core of this elites
you know they think they're fair they
think they've got it right this is NPR
reporter Ryan Lucas being interviewed
about what this story means and listen
to some key things let me tell you
before I run it
they always whenever the
left-wing media wants to cover something
up they always say well the Republicans
are making a big fuss about they don't
just tell you the story right it's just
it's Republicans are making a big fuss
about when Democrats are making a big
fuss about it they don't tell you that
then they tell you these two sides as if
the two sides were equally balanced
which would be fine if they didn't start
with with saying it's really Republicans
who are building this up they ascribe at
all to Republican political maneuvering
and they leave out crucial facts just
listen to this piece of NPR and it is a
masterpiece of propaganda that actually
believes it's the news so Republicans
have been pushing this memo at a time
when the special counsels investigation
is is going forward they have also been
really playing up some text messages
between an FBI investigator and a lawyer
at the bureau what's going on there
that's right the the President himself
alluded to that yesterday on Twitter
these are texts between an investigator
who was a senior FBI official involved
in the Hillary Clinton email
investigation in the Russia probe and an
FBI lawyer the Justice Department has
provided the text to Congress there are
texts from about a five-month stretch
that were missing
the Justice Department says this was
because of a technical glitch when the
FBI upgraded its phones but again the
focus on the text and the memo are both
part of basically a long-running effort
by some Republicans particularly in the
house to paint the FBI and the Muller
team as politically biased so he doesn't
mention that they were having an affair
it's just an FBI agent and a lawyer he
doesn't mention that they have to ring
these texts out of the Justice
Department they you know they didn't
just handle yeah here's all everything
we got it took him a long time to get
him out doesn't mention he doesn't
mention you know he talks about the fact
that these emails disappear he doesn't
mention that it's a crucial time in this
timeline he doesn't mention any of this
stuff and again I am NOT saying that
there was a conspiracy to get Donald
Trump at the FBI I'm saying that there
is evidence that there might have been
and some of the people who have seen
more of this evidence you know are
saying that there might have been you
know what I have to play this I wasn't
going to but I got it Senator Ron
Johnson was on the Bret Baier show
yesterday and if you can see this video
it's great because he says something
that bear
hurt before and he got a remember bear
is a reporter he used to be a reporter
now he's an anchorman so he's got to run
the show but the reporter thing goes off
in his head and you can just see it it's
like a little flare it's like a little
you know like that volcano in the
Philippines you can just see the
reporter thing goes off in his head
because here's a piece of information
you didn't have before and he catches
Johnson at listen to this so what this
is all about is further evidence of
corruption more than bias but corruption
at the highest levels of the FBI in that
secret society we have we have an
informant that's talking about a group
they were holding secret meetings
off-site there's there's so much smoke
here there's so much suspicion let's
stop there a secret society the secret
meetings off side of the Justice
Department correct and you have an
informant saying that yes as anything
more about that that's this is not a
distraction again this is this is biased
potentially corruption at the highest
levels of the FBI that is now
investigating and now there's and by the
way Robert Muller used to run the FBI he
is in no position to do an investigation
over this kind of misconduct so I think
at this point time we probably should be
looking at a special counsel to
undertake this investigation but
Congress is gonna have to continue to
dig spread bear though his lesson he's
the last television news man he's till a
well Jim Acosta is got running around
making a fool of himself and parading
himself bears actually covering the news
you could just see wait wait you got an
informant that there were secret
meetings off-site of the Justice Mart
anything else you know about that and
he's still the anchorman so he's running
this show but I love that I just love
that when that torchon listen
all I'm saying is it's a story it the
truth doesn't come out if they don't
cover it right that's how the truth
comes out that's how they covered up the
IRS scandal in the Obama administration
is the press just dropped it so it's
cover that you know cover the story find
out where the truth lies put pressure on
the government that's what journalists
do and I hate this argument about or
trusted Institute will lose trust in our
institutions if our institutions don't
deserve trust let's clean them out and
start again that's how you work that's
how democracy works these guys are not
above the law I do not care who they are
I do not care about trusting them I care
about getting it the truth and the
government and in the media the media
the Senate
and the movie industry are all separate
from the voice of the people and they're
trying to silence and ignore that voice
hey speaking of the voice of the people
on Tuesday January 30th our president
will speak to the nation in his second
State of the Union address remember that
first one was great he was at one of his
best speeches ever and this is an
exciting event event and where would you
watch it if not here at the Daily wire
starting at 8:00 p.m. Eastern 5:00 p.m.
Pacific we will be hanging out with you
for the whole time leading up to during
and after the address we'll be drinking
we'll be smoking we'll be talking about
every off teleprompter remark you have
you will hear everything we have to say
and we will make other fools of
ourselves and make utter fools of the
government as well which deserves it
catch live streams at the Daily wire
comm daily wire Facebook or daily wire
YouTube and you spend the evening with
Ben and me and Noel's and daily wire the
god-king of the daily wire will actually
descend we have wires he insists on this
we have wires we lower him from the
ceiling Jeremy boring the god-king of
the daily wire will be lowered from the
ceiling and will descend among us and
will talk to us we will relentlessly
mock everybody that we possibly can
we'll also have some special guests who
will come in and so stay tuned for that
and find out who'll drop by that's next
Tuesday January 30th we'll start at 8
p.m. Eastern 5 p.m. Pacific
follow us on Facebook and YouTube and
get notified when we go live so we can
spend every unforgettable moment
together and even the forgettable ones
it's a party you won't want to miss I
got to say goodbye to Facebook and
YouTube but the mailbag is coming up so
come on over to the daily wire.com and
you can listen to that if you would only
subscribe if you would only subscribe
stop being such let's go it's 10 bucks
it's 10 lousy bucks a month a hundred
bucks of the year and then you can be in
the mailbag which is a little
uncomfortable but while you're there you
get to ask the questions and we will
change your life on occasion for the
better come to the daily wire com
okay let's hear formally non-pregnant
Lindsay celebrate the mailbag soon so
we'll have a new Lindsay jr. will be
there to also scream which I'm sure he
or she is what if what he or she will be
doing all right from from Ashley to the
infamous drinker of leftist tears mr.
Clavin I was raised in a Jewish
household that was much more culturally
Jewish than we were religious religious
I had a bat mitzvah which is a bar
mitzvah for girls and spent a lot of
time in synagogue not knowing what was
going on since his service Ebru remember
that by the way I spent a few years
claiming to be spiritual which I now
realize was a cover for just not knowing
what to believe in I'm now dating a
wonderful Christian man who I fully
intend to marry and he has taught me a
great amount about Christianity that I
was once unaware of we read your book
the great good thing together and I
found myself relating very much to your
views on religion I feel stuck between
trying to learn about Judaism to see if
there was something that I was missing
or learning about Christianity to see if
it's possible to share a faith with my
significant other and my future family
and I have remained idle between those
two places for several months do you
have any advice on how to move forward
well yeah actually I mean look I can't
tell you what to believe I can't tell
you where to go but I can tell you this
the fact that you're frozen like that
that you're paralyzed between the two
indicates that this is an emotional
problem not a theological problem and my
guess and it is a guess but my guess is
that you feel guilt for letting go of
your Judaism and embracing Christianity
and you know I can't tell you whether
that's the right thing to do if you want
to study it more study it more I cannot
tell I'm not going to tell you I mean
look let me be honest I'm a Jewish
convert to Christianity of course I
think that's what you should do of
course I think that's the right decision
I didn't convert to Christianity for fun
I converted to Christianity because I
believe it is the living truth that is
the actual literal truth of God's work
in our world so obviously that's the
side I'm on but the one thing I can tell
you for sure is this you have no
obligation to anything but the truth and
you owe no debt to anyone but the lord
of life okay you have no obligation to
your family here you have no obligation
to Judaism when I converted people read
my book the great good thing
they wrote reviews online including on
sites were like @pj media where I work
telling me that I couldn't I was not
allowed to convert because I hadn't
become a Jew yet I hadn't studied
Christian I hadn't studied Judaism
enough and my reaction to that was son
next time I'll consult you instead of
the king of the universe like you know
get a say nobody gets to say follow the
truth follow joy follow God that's what
you should do and if you remain frozen
that's an emotional problem that's not a
theological problem there's nothing to
stop you from reading about Judaism if
you want to but if you feel this pull
toward Christ go toward Christ I did not
really feel like a religious Jew until I
found Christ that brought me into
Judaism which sounds like a
contradiction but as I hope you find out
it is not at all that's my that's my
answer that you have no obligation
except to God's call from worry dr.
Clavin stone I presume I know you're not
a feminist I'm an anti-feminist and the
complementarian in me worries it's silly
to ask this question who are some female
authors or poets who admire in the
Western canon do you think great authors
have the same greatness or are great
male authors and great female authors
different somehow really good question
that you know there are there are many
women authors that I admire that look so
far so far most of the truly great
authors have been men and when I say
great authors I mean authors who wrote
great work after great work after great
work guys like Shakespeare Dickens
Tolstoy the there only one who stands up
among them is Jane Austen she is the
only person who wrote great work after
great work after great work there was
six novels four of them are terrific
she is a great genius but there are many
women who wrote great books they're not
that I shouldn't say many there are
several women who wrote great books
Middlemarch is a wonderful book Jane
Eyre is a wonderful book weathering
Heights I'm not as fond of but it's
definitely up there among the great
books one of my favorite authors living
today is Donna Tartt and I obviously as
more women have been able to write more
good writing has come out of women and
so you're asking is there a difference
between the way men and women write it's
a good question uh you know III would
say yeah there definitely is I can
almost always tell
I mean I shouldn't say this is a brag
but when I'm reading an article I can
almost always tell within one paragraph
whether I'm reading a man or a woman I
think that when you read great women
writers though they stood they have like
Jane Austen when they do movies of her
books they're always very fluffy and
they're full of carriages and bonnets
and other you read her book she's just
as nasty yes it's possible to be very
insightful ironic I do think I stopped
reading novels by women in the modern
era because I found them all dishonest I
found feminism had made them dishonest
but a good woman writer I will not say a
good woman writer writes like a man
women write like women and I'm not sure
what that is exactly it is not about
it's not about emotionalism it's not
about interior life it may be a sort of
sort of attention to the detail of
social interaction that defines them I
mean Henry James had that but not like
Jane Austen had it you know I think that
that when I see when I read women
writers the one thing they're really
good at is that the very the very small
details of the way people interact but I
I think each writer is his or her own
person and I think that there's no
essential difference between great men
male writing and great female writing I
wouldn't want to limit that in any way
because a guy like Henry James is in a
way a female writer he's a very feminine
writer I think he's one of the great
writers of all time but he is a feminine
writer and somebody like Jane Austen has
insights that normally has a kind of
nastiness and hardness that normally you
would think would come from a man so
it's very hard to it's very hard to
detail like I said I Jane Austen is the
only female writer I would call a great
writer on the level of the greatest of
male writers I don't think anybody has
Matt any female has matched her yet and
by the way just as a side note I'm a big
ghost story fan and women have written
some of the best ghost stories I read
terrific ghost tours I don't know why
but they do
from here's another God question I try
not to do too many of them but from
Samuel dear Andrew healer for broken
Souls you suggest that one ought to pray
in solitude to build his her
relationship with God but what if one
hears nothing even after
any prayer sessions surely at a certain
point it can seem like one is praying to
mere silence how can the religious
battle the thoughts of hopelessness that
seem to accompany the feeling of being
far from God when traditional religious
practices seem to fail well here's the
one thing I can tell you there is a God
and when you pray to him he will answer
you so if you're not hearing him the
question is why not right I mean that's
it's that that is follow faith you know
even even sometimes when you don't feel
faith you can will faith I mean by
saying to yourself what would it be like
if I believed well if you believe there
is a God you believe that he answers you
when you pray ask yourself why you're
not hearing him I would suspect that the
reason that you're not hearing him is
because you're not quieting yourself
enough this is something that like as it
takes a little bit of practice because
you want to project answers onto God you
want to project even silence onto God
you want to feel that God isn't there
but if you just let yourself be quiet
especially after prayer a lot of times
the answers will come to you if you just
let yourself go still inside a lot of
times you will start to find God God's
will for your life God how God was
relating to you and again I've talked
about this many times but you want to
get rid of those things that you
superimpose on God like the face of your
abusive father or the face of you know
some authority figure in your life you
want to get rid of those two it's a
process but trust that God is there
trust that he's answering you and if
there's silence ask yourself why you
can't hear and start working on yourself
and that will take you every every
person as a path to God every person
comes fully equipped with a path to god
it's like the accessory that everybody
has so if you start to work on yourself
you'll find that path inside you yeah
okay from Tiffany I normally would not
ask Outsiders for advice but I'm at a
loss my husband and I were young when we
got married I was 19 and he was 27 we
were both in the army
he's from California I'm from Tennessee
we have three children together and have
now been married for nine years so I'm
assuming your children I'm gonna assume
you had the children in wedlock and so
the children are young as I've gotten
older my priorities have changed I'm
tired of living in California I pay the
bills and the cost of living is almost
suffocating but he got that right if I
was to die today my husband would have
no clue what bills to pay I'm retired
and my in
will not change no matter where we live
I've tried to live in California for
seven years but if she wants to go back
to Tennessee if we moved to Tennessee we
could live on my income alone my husband
does not seem to care about the same
things that I care about we've really
started fighting about things when he
told our children that Jesus wasn't real
we've talked about of the divorce and
have agreed to the terms we still love
each other but our differences are
becoming a real problem we both come
from divorced homes and we don't want to
put our children through that while we
still have love for each other we are
afraid that if we stay together we will
start to hate each other can we save our
marriage
well I don't know if you can save your
marriage obviously that's yet to be
determined I can tell you this though
people look at this the wrong way they
say that we have these problems and
therefore our marriage is in trouble but
the truth is actually the reverse your
marriage is in trouble and therefore you
have these problems so the thing is you
want to work on the marriage the
marriage is not you and it's not him
it's a third thing it is devastating to
young children when people break up now
there are things that trump that
addiction they usually say it's the
three A's addiction adultery and I can't
remember the last abuse those are the
three things that Trump that but but if
those things are not there and you say
used to love each other and there might
be a chance for you to get together what
I would say is work on the marriage and
see if the other problems start to get
less so what does that mean it means
working on committee the way you
communicate the way you talk about
things the way you relate to your
children it it could be very helpful to
get a third person a therapist in here
who can work with couples and teach them
to communicate out so many times so many
times in marriage people are talking
about they're talking about one thing
but they are using words that describe
another so you're having an argument
about the paint in the living room but
you're really having an argument about
the fact that you feel neglected or that
your husband isn't working why isn't
your husband working you might be having
all kinds of anger issues and not know
why and sometimes a therapist a marriage
therapist can help you with that but the
thing is I think the marriage is worth
work I can't tell you promise you the
marriage can be saved but I can tell you
that with the young children the
marriage is worth working on to save and
I think that the two of you should
really do that even even if it means
bringing in a third person a counselor
from Ally Andrew of the House of
Cleveland keeper
the nine realms dooba do you think veto
or Michael was the better Godfather and
why I'm also curious if you prefer
Godfather one or two this is a urgent
urgent question as is my last one I'll
be able to take but you know I I believe
they're very very very few sequels that
match the first movie and they famously
say that Godfather 2 was one of those
sequels I do not believe that Godfather
1 is as close to a perfect movie as I've
ever seen I believe it's I think it may
be the last great American movie that
was ever made
Godfather 2 is great because of the arc
of Michael Corleone that's what makes it
great but it's it's inherent in The
Godfather 1 Godfather 1 is just it's
just a brilliant brilliant movie and I
think Brando is brilliant and all the
actors what a cast what a cast it has
it's just it's just a wonderful movie it
is far far better than the second film
tickety-boo news so one of the things
that I keep reading about and I read a
book I finished a book over the weekend
that I'm going to talk about tomorrow
under stuff I like that it was one of
these books but I'm hearing again and
again intellectuals who are saying that
they understand that the West is in
trouble and is in Europe there's
actually collapsing because of the
disconnect from Christianity and yet as
intellectuals they just can't believe
and the sense that we always get from
our elites is that the world is
secularizing it's only a matter of time
before we do without God fewer and fewer
people are going to churches the
churches of Europe empty and so on and
so forth I read a couple of articles
this week that really brought that into
question Glenn Stanton over at the
Federalist quotes a research paper by
scholars at Harvard University and
Indiana University of Bloomington
Bloomington who wrote this piece and I'm
reading from the abstract of the actual
research it says recent research argues
that the United States is secularizing
that this religious change is consistent
with the secularization thesis and that
American religion is not exceptional
what we show that rather than religion
fading into irrelevance as
secularization thesis would suggest
intense religions strong affiliation
very frequent practice literalism and
evangelicalism
is persistent and in fact only moderate
religion is on the decline in the United
States we also show that in comparable
countries intense religion is on the
decline are already at very low levels
and this is absolute truth that the
decline what they call the decline of
religion is actually the decline of
liberal religion it's actually the
decline of religion that can't stand up
for itself and say what it has to say
and you know it religion doesn't have to
be hateful even though it does sometimes
draw borders around moral activity
somebody wrote to me on Facebook the
other day and said how do you feel about
gay marriage and I said well it's nice
of you to ask but I'm already married
because I actually don't think that
religion is about that the Christian
religion Christianity specifically is
about condemning other people or telling
other people what they should be doing
it is about finding what God's sacrifice
means in your life and finding your way
forward and becoming the kind of person
who lives the way God wants him to live
and does it almost naturally another
article was called is there a Christian
revival starting in France this was on
the from the paper of the week and it
was by Pascal Emanuel Ax Gabry and he
says yes churches in the Front's
countryside are desperately empty there
are no young people there but then there
are no young people in the French
countryside period France is a modern
country with an advanced economy and
that means it's countryside is emptied
and that means the church is built in an
era when the country's sociological
makeup was quite different go empty but
he says my wife and I now live in an
upper-crust neighborhood with all the
churches full of upwardly mobile
professionals when we were penniless
grad students we lived in a
working-class neighborhood and on Sunday
our church was packed with immigrant
families and hipster gentrify as it was
only recently that I was struck by the
fact that imperceptibly the majority of
my college and grad school friends were
Christmas and Easter Catholics when we
met now report going to church every
Sunday and praying regularly if you are
a regular listener to the show you know
that I've been predicting for a long
time that there will be a rebirth of
Christianity from the top because
for two reasons one is that the
arguments against our collapsing
relativism the arguments that have come
to replace relativism multiculturalism
these are collapsing there are
inherently internally contradictory and
so they don't make any sense but the
other thing is is that for a long period
of time hundreds of years the discovery
of science actually operated maybe not
logically but apparently against
religion so everything when you started
to explain that know you know God
doesn't come and with his finger move
the planets around but they move in a
certain way or you know that there are
rules to science it begins to seem well
everything will be explained you now we
know that the brain does certain things
the brain will explain everything and so
we don't need God anymore but in fact
science at the top and bottom is
bottoming out into a new kind of science
and I'm not trying to prove God through
science I think that's ridiculous but
I'm just saying that there's a new kind
of science including quantum physics in
which the perception the perception of
the observer changes the phenomenon and
when you start to realize that the logic
of big life doesn't necessarily hold at
the extreme levels of life you start to
realize that a lot of what's in the
gospel makes sense if the will of a
person can change the state of nature
than the will of a special person that
godly person might really change things
to the point where he could he'll walk
on water actually triumph over death all
these things become more possible and
may even help explain some of the things
that that science that scientists are
actually confused about the presence of
an overarching will a god might actually
answer some of the questions and this is
not god of the gaps this is god of
science that might answer some of these
questions the fact is the fact is
christianity at least as I understand it
makes perfect sense I do not live I live
in a world that is is has an underlying
supernatural aspect but I do not live in
a world of superstitious superstition I
do not live in a world of magic I all of
those things I think I was more
superstitious before I became a
Christian you know with Christ a lot of
times I think I think actually Jesus
said something like this it's not that
seeing is believing it's believing is
seen
that when you embrace Christ God through
Christ you start to realize one of my
biggest fears was that I would become
less realistic I am fed in fact become
more realistic and I think that that is
a sign that God is not metaphorical I
shouldn't say that all things are
metaphorical language itself is
metaphorical and flesh is a metaphor for
the Spirit and God in flesh is a
metaphor for himself and so it is
metaphorical but that doesn't mean it
didn't literally happen I think when a
metaphor is that perfect when it
describes the world that well I think
there is every chance that the metaphor
itself is literally real and so I just
think that there's reason behind
religion that does not back the reason
of elite you know secularism and
relativism and I think keep watching
these signs because I'm telling you this
thing is coming is going to be a wave is
going to come from intellectuals as well
as well as ordinary people and if it's
happening in France one of the least
religious countries in the West it will
soon be happening everywhere so that's
good news take any blue news all right
tomorrow we have Andy Weir's with us
right only if handrails and great Henry
Olsen one of the great electoral
observers will talk to him about the
midterms and the elections coming up and
how things are going for both the GOP
and the Democrats so that should be
interesting I'm Andrew Clavin this is
the Andrew Clavin show I'll see you then
the Andrew Klavan show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover technical producer
Austin Stevens edited by Alex zingaro
audio is mixed by mic core Mina hair and
makeup is by jesuit vera and our
animations are by cynthia Angulo and
jacob jackson the Andrew Klavan show is
a daily wire for word publishing
production copyright for word publishing
