the FBI seems to have lost thousands of
text messages that could make the FBI
look bad although not as bad as they
look for having lost them the text
messages came between two FBI employees
who are having an adulterous affair and
conspiring against first a presidential
candidate they hated and then the
president-elect but they were otherwise
honest in every way the news networks
jumped on the story in order to perform
the important journalistic function of
present pressuring the government to
tell the whole truth here's a montage of
the network's hard-hitting coverage
that's right the Nets did not give this
story a single second of coverage I
guess they're just assuming the missing
emails will turn up as soon as they find
the missing emails from Barack Obama's
IRS that might have shed light on the
misuse of that agency to silence
conservative activists which in turn may
show up buried under the missing
videotape showing a State Department
spokesman being asked about the Obama
administration's lies about their secret
talks with Iran which might be in the
attic next to the NSA's missing data
concerning surveillance of Americans
which may in turn have gotten lost amid
the emails from Hillary Clinton's secret
server which accidentally went missing
when they were accidentally bleached
than accidentally burned than
accidentally destroyed with a hammer
then accidentally tied to a rock and
dropped to the bottom of the sea
accidentally the media silence on the
deep state cover-up was followed by deep
state silence on the media cover-up
which was followed by media silence on
the deep state silence about the
cover-up of the silence one thing you
gotta love about the media in the deep
state they may make a lot of noise but
at least they never say anything trigger
warning I'm Andrew Klavan
and this is the Andrew Clavin show
all right we're going to be talking a
lot about silence today because there is
an awful lot of silence coming from the
Democrats on the House Intelligence
Committee and from the Justice
Department and from the text messages
from the FBI so much silence that the
silence almost speaks for itself we also
have Tom woods a libertarian historian
who's going to talk about the kind of
history that you never hear a little bit
more silence but if you'd like to break
the silence on things that you know and
things that you learned you go to
Skillshare because Skillshare has 18,000
classes more than 18,000 classes and
design business technology anything you
want to learn that will help you in your
profession or that might be a hobby that
you want to take up I have used the
skill share videos all they are is a
class they're just a class that maybe 10
videos maybe 15 videos from someone who
really knows what he's talking about
where she's talking about and will teach
you what they know so I looked at one
about writing because I've been a
professional writer all my life and a
successful one I thought well this would
be good I'll see I'll test these out and
they really worked well I thought they
really told you a lot of stuff I wish I
had known when I was starting out I
looked at when I did another Kingdom our
podcast which is now complete and ready
to be viewed when I did that I looked up
how to do a podcast I'm gonna look up
marketing because I want to figure out a
second season of another Kingdom I'm
gonna look up how we can finance that on
Skillshare so just in time for the new
year when you're making all these
resolutions I want to do this I want to
do that skill share is offering my
listeners a limited time offer of three
months of skill share for just 99 cents
you know for a buck it really is worth
just going on and watching some of these
videos because you will see how useful
they are just to sign up go to skill
share calm slash and room 99 don't
forget to use that because that's how
they know that we're sending people to
them Skillshare comm / andrew 19
and you'll get three months of
Skillshare for only 99 cents act now for
the special New Year's offer and start
learning today stuff that you want to
know and stuff that you just might like
think would be fun to know Scotia all
right so I think you know I'm gonna be
talking about the FBI these text
messages and this Pfizer memo that you
may have heard about but I will tell you
about it if you haven't but I'm gonna
start off with something that seems a
little bit off topic for just a minute
because so much there is not I think I
said this recently but I'll say it again
there there's not one important right
winger trying to silence anybody on the
left you never hear this from the right
you never hear anybody saying that
person should be shut down that person
should be taken off the air that person
should be banned from Google or Twitter
you never hear anybody on the right
saying that but the left it is all they
do they silence you know Ben when he
goes to a university they saw on some
with mobs they silenced people by you
know banning them shadow banning them on
Twitter Google just got rid of its
policy of fact-checking which they were
only using on conservatives like us at
the Daily wire and they dropped that
good for them but you know the effort is
always to silence one side and one of
the most important ways they silence us
is by using identity to replace ideas
and you know I want to start off with is
guy Benson who is what does he do Town
Hall right I just wanna make sure I got
his his right venue he is he is yeah
contributor of Fox was Town Hall calm
that is so he did something for our
friends at Prager at Prager University
where he talked about the fact that guy
is is gay and here he put it in in
perspective just listen to the opening
of this because it really is smart and
sharp I'm a Christian a patriotic
American and a free-market shrink the
government conservative who also happens
to be gay what I mean by that is my
values define me while my sexual
orientation sometimes feels more like
well a footnote literally in fact I came
out as gay in a footnote in my book end
of discussion
when it comes to my political beliefs my
orientation is only one part of the
story it's not the totality of who I am
some unimaginative leftist like to claim
that this qualifies me as a self-hating
gay person this is so boring that
intellectual laziness only underscores
my point far too often people are sorted
by their gender or their skin color or
their sexual orientation or any other
immutable characteristic that has
nothing to do with ideas or values so go
to Prager you and watch the whole thing
cuz it's really a good video from guy
and the thing about it is is this is
purposeful think about this for a minute
good things are always harder than bad
things right it's always easy to slide
down to go down the slide into perdition
but it's always hard to climb up the
mountain to the the peak right identity
is easy and this is true whether you're
on the right or the left identity as
easy ideas are hard when a gay guy who's
a fascist goes and Sue's some poor a
Baker because he won't to serve his
wedding and he's a Christian tries to
drive him out of business essentially
for his religion and people say are
those gays it's nothing looks gays
it's those ideas it's those ideas
because there are plenty of gays who
think that's disgusting is I think it's
disgusting and and there are plenty of
gays who don't think that it's easy to
say it's easy to say either blacks the
black it's the ideas it's always the
ideas it is always the ideas that define
what people are why does the left use
identity to shut down ideas they use
identity to shut down ideas because
their ideas are wrong so if you say your
ideas wrong you say what you're just
saying that cuz I'm a woman
you're just saying that cuz I'm black it
doesn't this is what they do and this
and the reason I linked this to the
what's happening at the Justice
Department is the entire story of the
Barack Obama administration was a man
with bad ideas he was an arrogant little
fool with bad ideas who was so arrogant
he didn't know how bad his ideas were
and couldn't learn he walked into a room
with him I'm told by people who knew him
and he did nothing but lecture you about
how wrong you were and how things really
were his ideas were wrong but nobody
would touch and be
he was black he was the first black
president you know how online they put
TM next two things trademark you know
he's like first black president TN and
everybody including me one did not want
to see the first black president fail
but he did fail and he failed not
because he was black he failed because
of his ideas but more than that more
important than that he was corrupt and
the thing about Obama's I don't believe
he was personally corrupt like give me
the money and I'll do a favor like
Hillary Clinton I think is his money
corrupt I think he was corrupt in the
sense that he thought his ideas were
more important than the process by which
we preserve our freedom the
constitutional process by which we
forget preserve our freedom he was
constantly making speeches about what he
couldn't do oh I can't just have an
executive order to let the illegal
immigrants stay and give them amnesty
because that would be against the
Constitution then he do it
because he realized over time like Henry
the eighth realized over time how
powerful he was Obama realize over time
that he could do virtually anything
including strangle Michele in the Rose
Garden and the press wouldn't touch him
because he was black so he realized the
ideas didn't matter and he could do
anything he wanted and he was he stacked
especially the Justice Department but
also the IRS he stacked them important
agencies of government with his pals
remember Eric Holder the Attorney
General said I'm his wingman not I'm the
chief law officer in the country I sworn
to uphold the law I'm the president's
wingman and I'm gonna protect him and
Loretta Lynch or as I call her blandly
corrupt the Loretta Lynch was the same
way
so now after you know the House
Intelligence Committee has been that all
these committees in Congress have been
studying this Russia collusion thing and
the Russian collusion thing more and
more looks like a complete boondoggle
exactly what President Trump said it was
it looks like a way of getting back at
him for winning the election but also of
HAMP of hampering the new president who
they didn't expect because they they
Obama had so corrupted the Justice
Department and the FBI that they didn't
think they'd get caught because they
were sure Hillary was gonna win and when
Trump won they thought we've got to
devalue him we've got to deal edge it
amazed him before he exposes what we've
done and by the way I just want to pause
for a minute and say
my heart goes out to the all those
honest FBI agents I'll bet there are a
lot of them about some of them are
Democrats some of them are Republicans
who just want to capture bad guys
they're working in bureaus across the
country they're all over the place
they're just trying to do their job they
don't corrupt those guys so much what
they do is they corrupt the people at
the top and that just corrupts the
entire agency and suddenly you're trying
to do your job and you're working for
this completely politicized agency so
after months of hammering the Justice
Department for information the FBI the
FBI sent sends over thousands of text
messages between Peter Strock and Lisa
Paige these two FBI people struck was
involved in the Russian investigation
and the Hillary Clinton investigation
and they were having an adulterous
affair and they're sending these text
messages back at such an incredible rate
it was about 70 a day it was about 70
text messages a day right and they say
send them over but they send them over
with a note saying they had failed to
preserve the messages between these two
between December 14th and May 17th
December 14th 2016 and may 17 27 teen so
think about that for a minute by the way
I should mention that buyer in New York
at the Washington Examiner is doing a
fantastic job of covering this and
keeping it up front and center and just
giving the information but think about
that that is when all this stuff
happened that's after the election and
as Trump takes power and as the Russian
thing begins and as Comey is being fired
remembered Comey is then engineering the
appointment of Robert Muller to be an
investigator that's the stuff that is
vanished okay but in it there is some
telling stuff that in in the email text
messages they've got there's some
telling stuff but before we get to that
I just want to go back and play have I
got Obama yes but this is a cut number
10 this is Obama when they were
investigating Hillary's emails promising
in this blandly corrupt way that his
administration really mastered promising
that the investigation was going to be
on the up and up can you guarantee to
the American people can you direct the
Justice Department to say Hillary
Clinton will be treated as the evidence
shut goes she will not be in any way
I guarantee that there is no political
influence in any investigation conducted
by the Justice Department or the FBI not
just in this case but in any case you
will . period guaranteed
. no political nothing political nothing
nothing nothing okay now we have blandly
sinister Attorney General Loretta Lynch
right and she has a meeting a meeting on
a tarmac a secret meeting with Bill
Clinton who the husband of the woman
being investigated by her people by the
FBI and she says all that didn't matter
we're just talking about our
grandchildren that's all we're talking
about and she comes out and pay
attention to this this is July 1st right
this is on July 1st she comes out and
she says whatever the FBI says this
meeting this tarmac meeting meant
nothing whatever the FBI says that's
what we're gonna do we're gonna follow
the law this is cut number seven as I've
always indicated the matters being
handled by career agents and
investigators with the Department of
Justice they've had it since the
beginning they are in which predates
your tenure as attorney John it predates
my tenure as Attorney General it is the
same team and they are acting
independently they follow the law they
follow the facts that team will make
findings that is to say they will look
them up with a chronology of what
happened the factual scenario they will
make recommendations as to how to
resolve what those facts lead to those
the the recommendations will be reviewed
by career supervisors in the Department
of Justice and in the FBI and by the FBI
director and then as is the common
process they present it to me and I
fully expect to accept their
recommendations okay so that was I
probably the day before July 1st so then
on July 1st struck sends a text message
to his lover saying this announcement
looks like hell and the Loretta Lynch's
announcement that she's going to back
the play looks like hell and Paige says
she says yes it's a real Profile in
Courage since she already knows no
charges will be brought she already
knows no charges will be brought so one
of these guys know these FBI agents and
remember struck is on this
investigations we are working to
I mean that's how blandly corrupt these
guys are plus plus there's other stuff
now I don't want to blow this out of
proportion yet because we really don't
know what it is we remember that page
especially hated Trump and strikes
comments about Trump got worse and worse
as his affair with her deepened and they
had this one comment about we know where
he said we know that he's going to lose
but if he doesn't we need an insurance
policy and people have been wondering is
this Russian investigation the insurance
policy they cooked up and now in these
there's another thing and again it's
very hard to put this in context so
don't jump to conclusions don't think
it's a conspiracy right away where they
talk about we're forming a secret
society and here's trey gowdy the
investigator commenting on that comes
from Gary do you want to expound on the
secret society idea Cheryl I wish I
could I wish I'd been the one who either
said that since that text will received
it you have this insurance policy in the
spring of 2016 and then the day after
the election the day after what they
really really didn't want to have happen
there's a text exchange between these
two FBI agents these two supposed to be
objective facts centric FBI agents
saying perhaps this is the first meeting
of the secret society so of course I'm
going to want to know what secret
society are you talking about because
you're supposed to be investigating
objectively the person who just won the
electoral college so yeah I'm gonna want
to know
okay so there's stuff we don't know and
there's also stuff we don't know about
five mile get to that in a minute but
first let me talk about my head you know
Alicia I saw Alicia on Alicia it's
Alicia
I keep seeing Alicia it's Alicia sorry
about that she tweeted today that if you
rub my head you get ten years good luck
it's like Buddha's belly this is only
true since I subscribed to
dollarshaveclub.com which was long
before they were a sponsor I went on
dollarshaveclub.com because I was tired
of paying a lot of money I got a lot of
real estate to shave I was taught her to
paint a lot of money for disposable
razors and then have to throw away
they're locked away with Dollar Shave
Club you just subscribe that's all you
do and they send you the razors you want
you can either get the simple one that
has two blades or you get the
that I have there's the executive that
has 147 blades
I'm making that up but that's what it
feels like it has so many blades I
always say that I start shaving in the
morning and right around lunchtime I'm
finished the final blade goes over not
only that they also have all this other
great stuff a much of which I have used
like shave butter hair gel you know body
cleanser all these other things that you
can just put in the package it's easy to
change what's in your package from month
to month it's easy just skip a month if
you want to and now it's a great time to
give Dollar Shave Club a try because you
can get the first month of their best
razor along with travel sized versions
of shea butter body cleansers even wipes
for just five dollars that's five
dollars and after that replacement
cartridges ship for just a few bucks
each month it's the DSC starter set and
you can get yours from just five bucks
exclusively at dollarshaveclub.com slash
Clavin and I know what you're saying how
can I get a head like that and how do I
spell Clavin it's que la vie a n that's
dollarshaveclub.com slash Clavin and for
five bucks you get their best razor
which really I used it this morning I
use it every morning it really is good
plus they'll give you some of their
extra added stuff for just five dollars
now the other thing that's going on is
this stuff about Pfizer and and why this
is important as FISA courts are supposed
to be they're their secret courts but
they're supposed to be there to protect
you from the government spying on you
and we don't know we don't know what the
House Intelligence Committee has come up
with but it sounds as if it sounds as if
the FBI was misusing stuff like the
steal document this opposition research
this kind of rumor mongering Russian you
know trolling they were using this to to
get FISA warrants to spy on Donald Trump
and his campaign that's what it really
seems likes going on but we don't know
this because a lot of the information
that the house until committee is
getting is classified so what the
Republicans on the committee did was
they put together a memo and this we've
been hearing about and and they're
talking about they're saying it's really
bad in memo details the FISA abuses what
they feel of the FISA abuses
and we don't know what's in it yet but
it sounds pretty bad here's congressman
Matt gates of Florida talking about
having looked at this memo four pages of
a memorandum prepared by the
Intelligence Committee that will shock
the conscience of this country when it
comes to the horrific abuses that
occurred during the last administration
and that I believe continue to pose a
threat to Donald Trump's presidency it
is so important judge Jeanine that we
are fighting to get this memo released
to all the American people I don't think
the right answer is just to allow
members of Congress to be horrified and
outraged all Americans need to see what
was happening to undermine this
president how do we release this
information how when do I get to say it
well at any moment in time the
intelligence chairman who has done an
excellent job Devin Nunez can schedule a
vote in the Intelligence Committee if
the intelligence committee votes to
declassify this information and if
President Trump doesn't overrule that it
will immediately become available to the
American people so that that's the idea
of this memo it is so you don't have to
declassify all the information that came
in but you can class declassify the memo
itself and send that and what's really
interesting is who do you think
obviously the Democrats are standing the
way some of the Democrats haven't even
gone in to look at the memo they won't
even read the memo the Republicans are
going to read it but the Democrats
weren't in the house but the Democrats
won't even go in and look at it's in a
secret room and all this stuff so who do
you think is leading the charge to keep
the people from finding out what this
information is Adam Schiff Adam Schiff
is a McCarthyite louse he is Joe
McCarthy he really is bad like before I
play what he said about the memo which
is absurd I just want to play a couple
of cuts these are a couple of cuts week
our guys laced together of him accusing
Donald Trump making these outlandish
accusations against the president and
then when when the interviewer says well
where's your proof he's all like I can't
tell you the proof yeah no no I can't
tell you the proof I can just make these
these charges it is it is truly
remembered Joe McCarthy Senator Joe
McCarthy used to say I have in this
envelope I have in this envelope the
names of several communists in the State
Department and nobody ever opened the
envelope that's what Adam Schiff does he
is a McCarthy I do know this
the Russians offered how
the campaign accepted help the Russians
gave help and the president made full
use of that help and that is pretty
damning whether it is proof beyond a
reasonable doubt of conspiracy or not do
you know of any instance where the
Russian said we're gonna do it this way
we're gonna do it for WikiLeaks we're
gonna do it through DC leaks this is how
we're gonna get this information out
there I can't comment all you have right
now is a circumstantial case actually no
Chuck I can tell you that the case is
more than that and I can't go into the
particulars but there is more than
circumstantial evidence now so again I
think do you have seen direct evidence
of collusion I don't want to go into
specifics but I will say that there is
evidence that is not circumstantial and
and is very much worthy of investigation
he's a bad guy I mean that that is a bad
thing to do I mean you know that that is
genuine McCarthyite tactic so now they
have this memo and it says says I mean
you heard what the words gates was using
horrific abuses of FISA which means
spine you know it the IRS scandal where
Obama shut down conservative activists
during an election by using the IRS to
not give them you know tax-exempt status
was I think was the biggest scandal of
my lifetime and I was alive during
Watergate far far bigger far far worse
abuse if this is true if they were using
FISA to spy on the opposite to use the
FBI to spy on an opposition candidate
that is genuine tin-pot Republic
behavior that is a genuinely bad stuff
and only the color of Obama's skin
protects him from the charges of
corruption which should be really swept
over him so why doesn't Adam Schiff want
to want you to hear it because you just
you just aren't smart enough to handle
what it has to say here's cut five look
at it and let Americans make the
decision for themselves about whether
it's useful information or not well
because the American people
unfortunately don't have the underlying
materials and therefore they can't see
how distorted and misleading this
document is the Republicans are not
saying making the make the underlying
materials available to public they just
want to make the spin available the
public and I think that
Ben which is a folsom attack on the FBI
is just designed to attack the FBI and
Bob Muller - to circle the wagons for
the White House and that's a terrible
disservice to the people hard-working
people at the bureau but more than that
it's it's a disservice to the country
that said you're not good enough you're
not smart the context you know the
entire Obama administration was the
avatar the absolute triumph of the
left's obsession with using identity to
supersede ideas and when if we if we
fall for that by being bigots by being
you know actual homophobes by being by
attacking people on mas for who they are
we have lost the way because what we
want to do is we want to fight back with
ideas make them bring their ideas out
into the open and discuss only their
ideas Obama failed because he did not
know what he was doing he did not know
how the world works
he's an incompetent and an arrogant guy
and he had to use his identity
ultimately to cover that up we got to
say goodbye to Facebook and YouTube
we've got Tom woods the historian coming
on in just a minute come on over to the
Daily wire calm you can hear it if you
subscribe he is tomorrow the mailbag oh
my gosh I should go mailbag go on The
Daily wire subscribed it's a lousy ten
bucks a month allows a hundred bucks for
the year and if you do it for the year
you get the leftist tears tumblr which
is the most important tumblr of leftist
years you will ever offer but go on
press the podcast button press the
Andrew Klavan podcast button and press
the mailbag and send in your questions
personal questions political questions
religious questions I will answer them
all answers guaranteed a hundred percent
correct and will change your life every
now and then for the better come on over
to the daily wire com
all right Tom Woods is a historian a
libertarian and a New York Times
bestselling author who wrote the
politically incorrect guide to American
history
he wrote meltdown he has a book called
Bernie Sanders is wrong he has two
podcasts contra krugman where he refutes
Paul Krugman's weekly columns and he has
another called the Tom Woods show which
you can find on Tom Woods dot-com and
you can also visit Tom's free books calm
and get a free digital copy of one of
tom toms books this is a pre-recorded
interview we talked to Tom about the
things people aren't learning about
American history Tom thank you for
coming on I appreciate it my pleasure
I you know let's be let's begin with
this I mean one of the most popular
history books
among young people is Howard Zinn's
people's history of the United States
and gets promoted on movies and that
picture Good Will Hunting they sell it
very you know strongly as a radical way
of looking at the world I was I was
happy to see in this new movie Lady Bird
the kind of jerk is reading it the kind
of abuser is is reading the book but
basically the idea of this book is that
America is always in the wrong I mean we
came here we killed the Indians we held
slaves you know we even blames us I
think for World War Two give me this
seems to be a theme on the left is that
America is basically a force for kill a
force for bad capitalism a force for bad
give me the other side of that what what
is the argument that that young people
should know when they're confronting
their professors with the history of
America well I take I don't want to say
I take a nuanced view on that because I
don't but I do I do believe the US
government is a force for ill in my life
and in the lives of a lot of people but
in terms of the people of America that's
what I love when I say I love America I
don't mean like I love the fact that we
have a bicameral legislature and an
upper body and what I love about America
is the people our traditions our culture
I would be a fish out of water anywhere
else in the world and when you say that
America is a force for ill
well if you're talking about the
American people I just don't believe
because one thing I don't believe
capitalism is a bad thing I think
capitalism ought to be embraced the word
ought to be embraced we had a celebrate
it where a mock and ridicule people who
opposed it because if they really
believed in the welfare of the forest
they would be the biggest capitalists of
all if you look at how well are the
poorest people in a society doing all
over the world the single biggest
indicator of how well they're gonna be
doing is how much economic freedom there
is in that country hmm that's just a
fact whether even if you're talking
about the Scandinavian countries which
are always thrown in our face look at
the Scandinavian countries they have big
government presence and they're doing
very well well a couple of things they
have a lot of capitalism too that
overcomes the big government presence
they actually have in some cases more
competitive economies than we do and
better rule of law and monetary policy
and all that but also if you actually
measure how well Swedes do in Sweden and
how well Swedes do when they come to
America well in many cases they they
earn fifty to a hundred percent more in
America so yeah they do really great in
Sweden but they do even better under
under American capitalism so hooray for
it in fact over the past 200 years
around the world just two hundred year
period there has been an eleven fold
increase in the per capita income even
even if we include the worst most
backward I dare not say a certain word
countries in that
it we still have seen an eleven fold
increase in some parts it's been even
more than that we've gone from in other
words people used to in 1820 people were
living on three dollars a day and on
average in the world it's now thirty
three dollars a day and in the advanced
countries it's a hundred dollars a day
and in a pinch you could get by on a
hundred dollars a day because people do
a lot of people get by on a hundred
dollars a day the point is nothing like
this in terms of the growth the center
of living has ever been seen in the
history of the world at any time ever
and this happened overwhelmingly in
spite of government involvement it
happened because a capital accumulation
and the the push on the standard of
living that's caused by that so I don't
want to hear these people
and whining about the poor they've done
the only thing those folks have done is
made this process prolong hey now what
about when you you talk about the
government you know the government has
been you know in the last really since
World War two I guess it is maybe since
FDR the government has grown
exponentially it has reached into every
especially the federal government it
reaches into every aspect of our lives
but before that before that we really
did have a hands off government for a
very long time and it really showed in
the way that America became the great
engine of democracy that it was I mean
isn't that isn't that what made America
great
yeah the United States became the
greatest industrial power in the world
basically on four feet before it even
had an income tax I mean just right
around that decade and then when they
introduced the income tax it was so
minor almost nobody even noticed it was
there so yeah all these things did
indeed happen just because that's how a
free spontaneous people operates but the
you know if you've read a typical
textbook it doesn't have to be Howard's
in the textbook you get I remember
perfectly well what seventh grade was
like the textbook was if it weren't for
your wise overlords in Washington DC you
and your kids would be working in a coal
mine for three cents a day get your
limbs blown off and every sandwich you
eat would probably be poisoned and your
toaster would be exploding and your TV
monitor would be blown you into bits and
and and people just go ahead and accept
that and I get why they say that but
every aspect of this is wrong the reason
people had low standards of living 100
or 200 years ago is that the whole
society was poor at that time it wasn't
because all the rich people were
hoarding all the big-screen TVs for
themselves
there weren't any of those things and if
you tried to solve this problem through
redistribution all right well everybody
would get like 1/10 of an extra chicken
leg and that'd be the end of it would
not have solved anything yeah so so I
look at when I look at the the young
especially millennial generation of
people in college relentlessly fed this
diet this intellectual diet of
anti-americanism anti capitalism I mean
they they go out and they follow Bernie
Sanders who's
essentially preaching the gospel that
left Venezuelans eating their cats and
and people are cheering for this clown a
guy who honeymooned in the Soviet Union
now you have a website Tom's free books
calm toms free books calm and you have
books that you give away there basically
they say Bernie Sanders is wrong
what do you are you optimistic about
reaching the young do you feel that
there's any chance to turn this
generation around and re-educate them
you know you hate to see history have to
repeat itself in order for people for
another generation to learn its lesson
but you almost think unless these kids
get what they're asking for good and
hard almost nothing can reach them but
on the other hand there are there is a
minority of younger people who aren't
just people who listen to three
sentences of Bernie Sanders but who read
real books and who think maybe there's
more to the world than gimme-gimme-gimme
as an economic policy and those are the
people I think are are reachable and I
think those are the ones who are more
likely to be active what could be easier
and lazy and just to accept the Bernie
Sanders view of the world it's a very
surface level there's no depth to it
not much frankly not many I two points
behind it the really bright kids are the
ones who are starting to question this
whole thing so that that's that sort of
makes me feel a little bit better but in
terms of the sorts of things that he
tries to argue whether it's the minimum
wage or all the sorts of arguments a
makes yeah so I as you say I came up
with a book called Bernie Sanders is
wrong I thought why not just be blunt
and so I just have every single check or
whatever you hear him talk about I've
got something that goes in and refutes
them whether it's inequality or it's the
minimum wage or whatever it is that he's
calling for every single one of these
things and be can be refute or we should
be more like Denmark but I like about
your point about de Venezuela is that
when they actually ask for any Sanders
you have any comment about what's going
on in Venezuela I mean you call yourself
a socialist sometimes and these are
people who actually did it you have any
comment on that and he actually said no
comment Wow and yeah maybe I wouldn't
have a comment either that's the funny
thing is the polar opposite of Bernie
Sanders would be Ron Paul and even if
you're
asking him a really hard question that
probably in his heart of hearts he
doesn't want to answer I never heard
that guy say no comment I'll give an
answer
that all my campaign managers are going
oh why is he not just sidestepping this
at least the guy gave us an answer this
creep won't even tell us you know he's
too busy moving from one of his three
houses to the other to tell us how he
feels about people scrounging around for
scraps in a country that took his advice
now you you describe yourself speaking
of grandpa you describe yourself as a
libertarian is that fair to say yeah I
do yeah can you define that what does
that actually mean because every time i
every time i listen to libertarians all
they talk about is dope is pot and I
keep thinking you know I'm sorry but
that's just not the thing that wakes me
up in the middle of the night worrying
for my no it's not and I mean you're
looking at the square iya STUV the
square okay I mean you know we drive a
minivan with kids and all that so I have
actually I've never consumed any of that
stuff at all so as I said I'm totally
square my view is if somebody wants to
do that stuff I don't think the best way
to fight against that is to ruin the
purple the person's life I agree I throw
them in a cage it ought to be dealt with
on a more local level what are
libertarians all about we're not hot is
incidental to the question okay
somebody's trying to tell you we're
about hot it's let me be perfectly blunt
with you they're cowards who understand
that libertarians believe in a lot of
unpopular things so they'd rather kiss
up to you by saying hey we're for cool
things that you like whereas I feel like
it's better to be just blunt and honest
upfront and if we're gonna like each
other fine if not or maybe you'll come
to like me a year down the road when you
think about it but it's better than
being dishonest all it means is that we
believe that people should interact with
each other on a voluntary basis no no
initiation of force against other people
it should be entirely peaceful that's
all we believe so that doesn't mean that
any peaceful thing somebody does I
personally endorse I think people lot of
knuckleheads out there and do stupid
things all day but I also believe that I
have plenty on my plate as a father of
five kids as it is and it's it's
everybody's responsibility to look after
his own hearth and home first and that
was the old the old traditional
conservatism was mind your own business
so what does that horse principal where
is
where does that become unpopular I mean
that seems pretty basic Americanism you
know each is own you know takes ok for
your world right so where she comes
unpopular becomes unpopular if I say
therefore I want to abolish antitrust
law oh wait a minute just lost a lot of
people or I don't think there should be
a minimum wage
ouch or you know so I can I can keep on
going or I would like to see the
government have to raise money through
bake sales you know just like I like the
whole government that do that I'd like
them to have to scrounge around to
wonder where their resources gonna come
from if it comes when you say and the
Fed it comes so there's a lot of pop of
possible unpopularity but when I look at
how screwed up American society is so
far away from where I'd like to see it
I'm not afraid of holding an opinion
that the New York Times doesn't approve
of and even frankly that the Weekly
Standard doesn't approve uh-huh I'm not
particularly impressed with the job
either of these sources has done so
you're also a you I believe you're a
convert to Catholicism right you were
Lutheran and yours right and well I'm a
convert from Judaism to Episcopalian ISM
so I'm close but now where where do you
put this is a question I get all the
time because I'm basically a libertarian
I have a few conservative views but
basically a libertarian but a lot of
people say I'm very much opposed to
abortion and people say well aren't you
a libertarian why should the government
interfere in this in this process where
do you stand on this but it would be
like saying I'm against murder and I
think people should be punished for
murder we wouldn't say I thought you
were a libertarian well okay but I do
believe that it's okay for anybody in
the world to do the right thing so even
a government official it's okay for that
person to stop me from killing something
right I I'm okay with because anyone
it's okay for anyone to do the right
thing so when it comes to abortion there
is actually debate among libertarians
about abortion there's a group called
libertarians for life they generally
make secular arguments against abortion
yes although there's nothing preventing
a libertarian from making a religious
argument against abortion but the
argument would be that if an unborn
child has rights then it would be
aggression to deprive that unborn child
of Rights and
the argument would kind of run like this
if I were if I put you in a condition
where you are at risk
you're in danger like for instance let's
say I can fly my own plane I put you in
my plane and we fly up 10,000 feet while
we're at 10,000 feet given that I put
you in that position
I can't announce well I'm kind of tired
of your company I don't want you around
more I just know you out and say look
I'm just expelling him from my private
property right so I put that person in
that in that dangerous situation well
likewise in the vast majority of cases a
child winds up in the womb for reasons
we all understand right and like and
that child has been put in that
vulnerable situation and therefore you
can't just you know in a do the
equivalent of throwing the child out at
10,000 feet and also I mean one of the
arguments that that you even hear some
libertarians use for abortion is the
argument of Judith Jarvis Thompson from
the 70s that the child is like a
parasite or a trespass yeah now we can
get into the biology of what parasites
are but but in terms of trespassing if
trespassing means being where you're not
supposed to be where is the child
supposed to be fair enough I'm running
out of time let me can you give me a
quick answer to this when you look at
Donald Trump is he helping your cause or
hurting I would say a little bit of both
I like that he's slashing and burning
some things but he's not slashing and
burning nearly enough okay but I'm
willing to be converted I'll say that
interesting interesting Tom woods Tom's
free books calm the author of several
books including the politically
incorrect history of America's us is
that what it's called politically
incorrect guide to American its guide to
American history thank you very much for
coming on has been good talking to you
all alright let us move on to sexual
follies so here's a story that I feel
was kind of misreported a little bit
remember it was last week I guess when
they set off the alarm in Hawaii that
the nuclear missiles were inbound at
like you know it's easy easy enough done
you know you mean to hit the they unlock
the refrigerator button but instead you
hit the nuclear war button and everybody
panicked and they had this thing where
they said that after it was over the
traffic on pornhub spiked as if you know
everybody thought oh we're still alive
let's watch porn but that's not actually
what happened what happened was during
the event the traffic on point Hub
dive-bomb it's dropped about 77% so it
was like people stopped when they
thought they were gonna die people
stopped watching porn and then it's
spiked as everyone went shoot back to
the porn and everybody rushed back to
the site but that's different because
when you're about to die obviously you
start paying attention to the stuff that
matters right because time is running
out you start to realize this life is
beautiful you want to be paying
attention you you want to be running
around screaming maybe I don't know what
what you want to be doing but you should
probably want to be telling you know
it's like 911 people people called up
and their relatives and said I love you
they didn't call up their relatives and
say you know they didn't go on pornhub
they didn't go on you know sites that
went for the people who love them so I
bring this up because my daughter faith
more writing @pj media wrote a piece
today with the incendiary headline she
probably didn't write the headline with
incendiary headline dear feminists if
you want a real man act like a woman
which I I told her I told her she's out
of the sisterhood but she points out she
says a recent article on scary mommy by
popular blogger Samara says the article
is called sometimes I want to be held by
a man naked without having sex is that
okay and she and my daughter says it it
simultaneously makes the point that
women need intimacy in their lives which
is true and that they should be able to
expect it from the random
guys that they go out with one time
which is not true okay she quotes Samara
I dread the idea of having to make
constant compromises relationships are
hard
and if introducing a partner into my
life is going to create drama and pain
I'd rather be alone instead she longs to
find intimacy with the random people she
dates she says I'm a highly sexual
person and I like kinky sex as much as
the next wanton woman sometimes though I
just want to lie next to someone who
will hold me this never happens
boy that's a head-scratcher faith rights
of course it doesn't samaras weird
sexual preferences aside she and many
other women have been duped by a
nonsensical philosophy into believing
that engaging in hookup culture as if
they were men will get them the intimacy
they crave because they are women and
the point is again it's the same point
it's hard to live by ideas instead of by
identity but once you realize that the
things that are important in life
actually aren't on pornhub the things
that are important in life actually
can't be found in a hook-up culture once
you start to realize that and of course
it's hard to live by your ideas of
course it's hard to live in relationship
of course is hard to live in intimacy
there's all kinds of difficulties with
it but the straight and the narrow path
is the path that leads upward the wide
open path is the path that leads down
and into perdition so that's why that is
why you take the trouble to live by
ideas by good ideas by true ideas by
smart ideas that actually describe
reality instead of living by by your
pleasures and your identity which will
pretty much come down to the same thing
the mailbag is tomorrow go on the pot go
on the daily wire.com if you're a
subscriber if you're not a subscriber go
on the daily wired.com and subscribe
then hit the podcast button hit the
Andrew Klavan podcast hit the mailbag
ask any question you like I will answer
it the answers are guaranteed 100%
correct and will change your life
sometimes for the better I'm Andrew
Clavin this is the Andrew Clavin show
we'll see you tomorrow
the Andrew Klavan show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover technical producer Austin Stevens
edited by Alex zingaro audio is mixed by
Mike Carmina hair and makeup is by
Jesuit Vera and our animations are by
Cynthia Angulo and Jacob Jackson the
Andrew Clavin show is a daily wire for
word publishing production copyright for
word publishing 2018
