well welcome this is Facebook live Ben
Shapiro show and joining me is
representative Jim Jordan from Ohio
terrific congressperson and solid
fighter for the conservative cause he's
joining me now to discuss the newly
released text messages between former
members of Robert Mueller's
investigative TPMS are straws Akande and
lisa page this time apparently there's
there's a new controversy of residence
representative jordan thanks so much for
joining us good to be wicked ben and we
appreciate all the good work you're
doing hey thanks so much so let's jump
right in
there there are a couple of things that
are that are breaking news on the
Mueller investigation number one is this
this news that apparently the FBI just
misplaced months of messages between
Peter stroszek who is apparently one of
the lead investigators on the Trump
collusion stuff and and his paramour
Lisa Paige what do you make of this on
and I mean is this is this thing fatally
flawed it's like yeah the dog ate my
homework Shazam we can't find five
months of text messages and remember
this these are not just any any people
at the FBI this is Peter struck former
deputy head of counterintelligence Peter
struck who ran the Clinton investigation
interviewed Mills interviewed Abidine
interviewed Secretary Clinton that
changed the now-famous exoneration
letter changed the word gross negligence
which tracks with the criminal statute
to extreme careless is that guy text
messaging with Lisa page also part of
the Clinton investigation a key player
in the Clinton investigation all these
text messages those are the ones that
they're losing so you know it's one
thing when the IRS lost remember the IRS
would lois lerner and they they like
they misplaced problems with their hard
drive we can't find some of your emails
and then they destroyed all the backup
tapes well you know it's one thing you
expect incompetence at the IRS but this
is the FBI for goodness sake so this is
serious and especially the text messages
from these folks that we've seen and all
they talk about with their hatred and
despise 'men of folks like you and I and
then obviously and this is the the
second major story in the Mueller
investigation in in recent weeks we've
also learned the Mueller investigation
has been compromised in a number of
other ways possibly with regard to a
particular memo that is not being
released at the house I wanted to ask
you some questions about the release the
memo thing because I personally am
slightly confused about it apparently
there's a memo that is that is
classified it's now being
apparently by members of the house who
wish to read it that talks about
problems with the FISA process and in
problems in the FISA applications and
that may have complications for the
Mueller investigation so obviously you
can't talk too much about this because
it's still classified you know my
assumption you don't have to answer this
because you may not be able to my
assumption is that it casts aspersions
on how the FISA application was
originally granted whether it was based
on the on the Russian dossier that was
compiled by fusion GPS at the behest of
the Democrats and the Hillary Clinton
campaign but a couple questions about
this one is what is the process for
actually releasing the memo because I'm
seeing the hashtag trending release the
memo what actually has to be done or to
release this to the public for that for
the house it's one thing if the
president wants to do it the president
could say you know he could say
declassify certain information but this
is a house produced memo so for us to
release that memo the process is the
committee would vote if a majority of
the committee says we want to release it
they can vote to release it then the
White House has five days to give it the
thumbs up or thumbs down or if they say
nothing after that five days it can be
made public so what we're calling on is
that process to start have the House
Intelligence Committee meet have a vote
the majority votes to release it five
days it goes to the White House I would
expect the President to do one of two
things I would expect him within five
seconds to say release it give it the
thumbs up
or if he doesn't say that just to let it
write out those five days and then it
can be public but one thing is critical
bit when when this goes public
you need the supporting footnotes and
references to the material so that it
doesn't just look like a partisan
document but I document that is
highlighting where this information come
from that's in this this memo that
members of Congress got to read but I'll
tell you every single member that's read
it has walked out of it and said
journalists like you need to see it more
importantly the American people need to
see it because the place that the
highest levels of the FBI should not
happen and is what exactly is the hold
of I mean the Republicans obviously
control the Intelligence Committee so
why don't they just vote for it I mean
are there specific members who aren't
pushing for it I think no most are and I
think chairman noonas wants to do it I
mean this was a process of kind of
building first they they were doing
their investigation they produced the
we called on a couple of weeks ago
congressman meadows and I select members
of Congress see the memo that has
happened we've seen it every single
member who's seen it says make it public
so I think that's that's where it's
gonna go I think they're struggling with
how to reference and footnote and cite
the classified material and make sure
that's done in a way that's consistent
with classification standards consistent
with not doing any harm to our
intelligence community but this is so
important
you've got to get it public and I wish
it would have happened yesterday but now
I'm for as soon as soon as it possibly
but then this brings me to the second
question that I have about this and I
mentioned it on my show a couple of days
ago yeah obviously the Trump
administration has the capacity to
declassify whatever they want and if
what we're really talking about here is
the the FISA application that presumably
includes a fusion GPS reference then why
doesn't the administration just
declassify whatever I mean why don't
they go through and figure out what has
to maintain a classification I mean it
should be up to I mean Trump wants to
exonerate himself that seems like a
pretty easy way to do it
yeah and and you're right he could but I
think part of it is you know how the
left is if the president pushes for
something declassify something the
left's gonna continue to say all there
he goes obstruction interfering with
Muller and all that baloney that we
prefer now for several months so my
guess is he and his lawyers are a little
reluctant to go that route they would
prefer I think well I don't know if they
would but this is probably a route where
the president doesn't have to actively
do it he can do it in a secondary way
once we've released the memo with again
the the reference in cited mitigation
representin i would be remissed today if
I didn't ask you a little bit about they
the government shut down obviously the
Democrats spent three days being idiots
and and shut down the government you
know and they they surrender doing
gaining nothing in the process except
demonstrating that they have no leverage
so now leading up to February 8th and
we're gonna have another one of these
continuing resolutions that has to come
up now the Democrats are they've lost
whatever leverage they can try here but
we're also leading up to a March 6th
deadline on on taka when when the
applications closed so or when the deck
itself closes so what exactly do you
expect from the house in the Senate
because one of my concerns obviously is
that there is some fractious nough swing
caucus there's some doves like Lindsey
Graham and Senate there they're
obviously conservatives in the house
like you
what do you expect to come out of this
because we is this going to result in in
a softer immigration policy or is this
going to result in in some something
that that's actually defensible on
conservative grounds no a great question
you cut right to the chase as you
typically do so yeah we've got to pass a
strong bill out of the house I would
prefer what's been called the Goodlatte
legislation good lap Rio Labrador
Labrador and in chairman McCaul have put
together legislation which which has the
focus in the right place and again I
always start from the premise the
American people just assume and it's a
good assumption that Congress is going
to do the wrong thing on immigration but
we had an election in 2016 where it was
clear border security wall in chain
migration
stop this crazy sanctuary city policy
excuse me deal with the Visa Lottery
issue all the good stuff that we have to
do that has to be the focus and then the
final point is and then we'll address
the daca issue as well what Durbin
Graham and others want to do in the
Senate excuse me that occult no we're
here so they want to flip it around they
want to flip it around they want to go
daca first
a little window dressing around border
security and oh we promise promise
promise we'll finally get to what the
American people wanted us to do in the
2016 election and why they put us in
power that is not gonna fly so let's
pass the strong bill in the house that
gives us a better position as we deal
with the Senate and the key to this is
of course President Trump I'm convinced
he's strong on this issue he was elected
on this issue and he's going to do it
the way we want but that's that's how
it's gonna hopefully play out where that
strong bill is will be the final product
and one we can pass him president Trump
obviously is the key component here
because the you know during during the
immigration meeting that was had at the
White House it seemed like he misspoke
at the very least when he talked about
what he would sign with regard to Dianne
Feinstein and then represent McCarthy
stepped in and sort of set him straight
and then he was on the straight and
narrow and has been since with regard to
immigration the the big question is
gonna be if the House passes something
and the Senate passes something
different goes to conference committee
something week comes out is Trump
actually going to to push is he actually
a veto something is that
that veto threat real or as the house
gonna have to act as the shield tears
they have and will the house act is the
show will the house prevent something
from from landing on the President's
desk I mean then remember Paul Ryan is
Speaker because one of the one of the
conditions he told the freedom caucus in
a long meeting where the 40 of us sat
down with him a couple years ago is
there would be no immigration
legislation that came to the floor of
the house that unless it had the support
of a majority of the House Republican
Conference and a majority of the House
Republican Conference used this issue
like you and I do so that's the good
thing so I think the house will be
strong and I believe the president will
be strong remember this was the issue
that launched his campaign and took him
in a 17 person primary to the top so I
think I think great so we'll see how all
of that shakes out and I know that you
have a busy day represented orden thanks
so much for taking the time well we'll
have you back on and do this again now
when we have some more updates in all of
these areas but your friend and I
appreciate you have a cold no worries
feel better
you
