I want to talk to you about this you
start out very early on saying that
things have gotten worse that we can
expect a disparity between the media and
reality of course anybody who's talking
about reality but since the computer age
essentially things have gotten much
worse why why do you think that is well
Andrew first of all thank you for having
me on and thank you for always having
our back at Project Veritas yeah and I
did write it I locked myself in a log
cabin for a week and I wrote it I I did
a lot of research I read a lot of the
progressive muckrakers from the early
20th century upton sinclair pam zeckman
a lot of the investigator Mike Wallace a
lot of the investigative reporters in
guntur Wall roof who actually did this
and they and and if you think what we do
at Project Veritas is is hardcore or
crosses an ethical line then you need to
study history because this is not like
we're doing something new Under the Sun
you know George Orwell wrote in 1984
that the party the opposition the
establishment the deep state if you will
would demand that you don't believe the
evidence of your eyes and ears they
would that was the most important
commandment ya protagonist Winston Smith
said in 1984 the party demanded that I
don't trust my own instincts my own
sensory perceptions of the world around
me so Veritas is just simply using
modern technology to disseminate truth
to the people and the propagandists do
not want you to trust your own eyes and
ears there is a great anecdote this
after the Michael Wolf thing with the
with the quotes in the White House and
the Washington Post reported quote
there's no evidence to suggest that he
did not say I mean I mean that logic is
so twisted and it's not Andrew it's not
necessarily something that the
journalism community will say explicitly
we're propagandists but it's a group
think that his fostered inside the New
York Times so Veritas smashes the status
narratives with reality with cinema
verite and were hated for it so this
book talks about that and about the
moral courage required to do it
