hello everyone I'm Alicia Kraus and
welcome to the fifth episode of the
conversation this time featuring daily
wires own Andrew Clavin please remember
that our conversation is live for
everyone to watch which is lots of fun
but you can only be a part of it if you
are a subscriber so subscribe to daily
wire calm right now so you can join us
and ask questions and be sure to tune in
on Tuesday February 13th that's the day
before Valentine's Day it's gonna be at
5:30 p.m. Eastern 2:30 p.m. Pacific to
catch our next episode episode number 6
featuring our very own Michael Noel's
you will not want to miss it Michael and
I always have a lot of fun in those
conversations really not that you aren't
fun I can't imagine what anyone would
ask Noel's like what does he know does
he actually know anything ok I'm gonna
give her a little bit of
behind-the-scenes oh the last time it
was Michael's first conversation and I
think that he thought that he would be
hit with a lot of Catholic questions
actually because it was around like
Reformation day and stuff so he admitted
that he studied up he had a couple of
cigars and a couple of drinks like the
night before and he was studying up
because he thought he would get all
these questions what about Catholicism
and I don't think we had a question come
in no the questions are how to get your
hair just like this just like that
actually one lady even asked him for
romance advice I thought that really odd
but it was it just goes to show folks
that we do ask the questions that you
ask and I mean Michael Knowles didn't
get any Catholic questions you got the
romance questions if I had only known
I'd have quizzed him on Aquinas until it
eyes boiled we know that our
editor-in-chief here at the Daily wire
cofounder ben shapiro yes despises
Michael did you that's a little harsh
possibly spies apartment the other day
posted a video of him saying that they
loved his dreamy photo and Ben's that it
quote this is so I mean on a 1 to 10
scale 10 being how Ben Shapiro feels
about Michael knows one being how his
fiancee feels about him uh-huh where do
you fall it's like probably closer to
bend into the fiance I like nulls
no I just he's fun to kick around
there's something about it something
it's it's his face I don't know what it
is just want to insult him you think
y'all think it's the Yale thing - that's
you know it's like let's make some
snotty but I know but he's a good guy
yeah I actually alright first question
you're a troll yep here we go from
Brandi she asks do you think sports have
helped tenant men take out their violent
tendencies in healthy ways or do you
think it fosters them favorite option
fee no I think sports are good for men
you know they actually have shown that
that men more than women when when they
see an action taking place the same
lights go on in their brains as when
they're actually taking the action so we
get very connected to athletes in their
moments of excellence and that's what
really Sports is about and that's what
men are about you know like it really is
interesting when when people uh I get a
lot of questions from pastors who say
why aren't men interested in religion
and I say religion doesn't talk enough
about excellence this is what men really
really care about is excellence in in
performance you know all kinds of
different performances and I think
sports really help in that the funny
thing is is when you look at animals you
know they fight but they don't kill each
other only it's only not not all animals
but most animals just kind of butt heads
but people really destroy each other and
so sports is actually much more natural
to people than war I think is
interesting I don't think it's really
encourages one good sports be like the
new way of challenging someone to a duel
yeah exactly exactly I mean you watch if
you watch the deer and things they butt
antlers and then half the guy wins gets
all this dough we also mark trees with
their territory trees with it
I actually think bringing up sports I
think that in my lifetime I'm going to
see football band like you know lately
very possible I'm a big college football
fan I'm not really into the NFL but they
have done every I was a huge NFL fan and
I find it virtually impossible to watch
them since they started insulting the
flag it's not like I'm actually
boycotting them it's just I just don't
want to watch these guys clean up on all
this dough without paying respects but I
think that could be part of it as you
seen that end about lose fans
pacifically conservative fans like our
audience but I think that you also have
this thing of like it's too much
masculinity yeah we're seeing in society
right now and then I think that there
will be this thing about the concussion
scandal or something I don't know no I
think it's tough although people are
really
to mix martial arts which just seems
like a melee than me so it's fascinating
to watch Spencer asks most excellent
reader of obscure tomes of Clavin Equis
little vinegar vinegar vinegar okay
there we go
would you consider there's always a word
I stuff for these conversations they
should just do bloopers of all those
would you consider yourself to be
temperamental II conservative or is it
just that you defend certain ideas that
are now considered conservative I think
that that's it's the latter I I'm
temperamentally libertarian okay it is
very deeply imbued in my nature it's not
through teaching it's the way I really
feel that I want everybody to be happy
do whatever you want and leave me alone
to do what I want the fact when I was a
kid that was a liberal point of view
that was the liberal idea it was the
right-wingers who were going around
saying don't do this don't do that
scolding everybody but now it's the
Liberals who just want control over
every aspect of your life they want to
tell you you know there are actually
people going around saying well if you
won't go out with a man who thinks he's
a woman you're prejudiced my feeling is
yeah
get stuffed there's no way I could ever
do that and it's none of your business
you know you won't you go out with who
you want and I'll go out with who I want
that's that is the deepest part of my
nature it was very very difficult for me
to understand that abortion was wrong
because I wanted everybody to do what he
or she wanted that just the logic of the
fact that this was an actual life and
you were ending it
finally overrode my natural
libertarianism so that's my first my
first position is always a libertarian
position I can be convinced of a liberal
or conservative position simply on the
basis of morality okay so is there any
issue that you can think of that you
would have more liberal stance yeah I've
always when I was a very big supporter
of gay rights you know I'm not I don't
like changing the definition of the word
marriage the word marriage means to me a
man and a woman and starting a family
but I always I mean even as a kid I
remember I remember as a little kid my
father telling me that homosexuality was
a kind of illness you know I was like
maybe at 12 or something like this and
that was what people thought and he
wasn't prejudiced that's just what
people thought in those days he said was
a kind of mental illness and I remember
thinking they're not hurting anybody
and I'll leave them alone and of course
I work in the arts so I've worked with
so many gay people that really ten years
before the gay marriage decision came
down I started to say to conservatives
you know we really should get off this
topic because people have the right to
live any way they want so that's that's
something that I've always been a lot
more liberal about interesting so today
we have our very generous sponsors over
at Skillshare that are sponsoring this
episode of the conversation and they're
really great what are some of the
classes that you taken over there well I
started out you know they have and have
something like 18,000 classes and it's
excellent people like do we just doing a
series of classes on videos so I thought
well I'll test them out because there
are sponsors so I went back and I looked
at their writing classes because I
thought I'm an expert write a
professional lifetime writer and that's
not just you patting yourself on the
back no I mean is where however most
whatever so so I looked at them and I
thought yeah this is stuff that I really
had to learn for myself that can save
you a lot of time here's a person
explaining to you how do you market how
do you write what kinds of things do you
need to know to write and I get so many
people who write to me and say how do
you get started and I always think you
know it's not that hard but you need
somebody to tell you because it really
does seem like you're climate's well the
Skillshare you know it's just
professional people telling you anything
about any subject that you need to know
and it's not just like for professional
stuff it's if you want to learn
photography or calligraphy or some take
up a hobby when I want to crochet when
Knowles and I did another Kingdom our
podcast I actually looked up how do you
do a pod yeah because we didn't have the
daily wire support system we did it on
our own kind of you know is just as a as
a side thing and so I thought well how
do you do that so I went to Skillshare
and it's really easy I mean they give
you if you're listening to my show the
Andrew Clavin show you get a limited
time off of three months for just 99
cents and I know Skillshare you go to
Skillshare comm / Andrew 99 Skillshare
comm / Andrew 99 you get three months
for only 99 cents if you act now you can
start to learn things fulfill your new
year's resolutions Skillshare comm uh it
is New Year's did you have any new
year's resolution I don't have New
Year's resolutions I have New Year's
plans I think what I'm what I'm gonna
work on this year and okay what's things
I hope to accomplish but isn't that like
the definition of a resolution yeah well
it's not like things like
I want to get in shape or something like
that it's just more like what work I'm
planning yeah I actually have a friend
who is a writer here at the Daily wire
and she says that she doesn't go to the
gym the entire month of January because
she needs all those people to weed
themselves they've all got a week I
think yeah but you're a hiker I am a
hike in the gym and you do that year
round so you're right I don't like the
gym I don't like repetitive things
interesting hiking is always interesting
and fun oh cool let's move on to more
questions Samuel Q wants to know hey
Clavin what would you suggest to someone
who feels far from God for a long time
now prayer and the sacraments have felt
like nothing to me I want to love God
more but I don't know what to do uh but
I actually do feel there's a way to do
this I feel that you should pray and
don't just pray in your mind don't just
pray while you're like driving around go
somewhere where you're alone where
nobody can hear you and pray out loud
and really talk you know talk to God I
mean he's actually the thing is God is
real he's actually there so if you talk
to him he's going to respond he might
not respond in the way you think it
might take a little time for you to
understand what he's saying but talk out
loud and that way you finish your
sentences you hear what you're thinking
you understand what you're talking about
and you also understand some of the
things that you say well you think well
maybe that's not what God wants me to
bring to him maybe that's something that
I have to work out in another way but
the important thing is I I believe that
you should a couple that with reading
the New Testament the reason for that is
simple when you first go to God it's
very easy to confuse him with other
authority figures in your life some of
whom may have failed you in my case I
had to get past layers that reminded me
of my father
I didn't have a good relationship with I
think you know that's not the God I'm
reading about in the Gospels that sounds
more like my old man you know and so I
was started to peel those layers away
and get closer and closer to God and
over the course of of years I really did
develop a very very intimate
relationship with the king of heaven on
earth it can't be a bad thing you know
it's good to have influence so I think
that that's those things I find the
sacraments very helpful I find the
liturgy and the Episcopal Church very
helpful but the important thing is that
you are in relationship with God and
having that one-on-one time I think
that's just doing it at church that's
the best place to begin great Brandon
Valencia says supreme overlord Clavin I
mean I love these
they have my name which is the true best
true crime I'm sorry which is the best
true crime TV show you've seen recently
which TV show is your guilty pleasure
and he says that his is true detective
I'm presuming his favorite crime show is
true detective
and then his guilty pleasure is fuller
house well so must be a child of the 90s
it's pretty true detective if he's
talking about the HP that was not a true
crime show right that was an actual
fiction show we're talking about man
yeah I mean you know I guess maybe the
Fox or the FX series about OJ Simpson
even though it was fictionalized yeah
that would be more true crime I'm not
I'm not as big a true crime fan as a lot
of people are I mean I like the movie
the bank job which is with Jason Statham
with a lot of people haven't seen and is
based on a true story my favorite thing
that was a really good name but the
Wardrobe was great in that I mean I my
favorite crime show on TV was the shield
ii did very closely by the wire I
thought those were two exceptionally
great shows my guilty pleasure and it is
a guilty pleasure is Blue Bloods blue
well it's still in like the law
enforcement like crime vein the Blue
Bloods is the most conservative show on
television my mother says that is you
think hi mom
she's been trying to get me to watch
that show forever my gramps loves it my
uncle loves it my mom loves it and she
thought the same thing I mean Tom
Selleck has a say obviously in the
content of the show
yeah and they keep trying to push it to
the liberal side because as the writers
change in the right hand always liberal
they're always liberals coming in but
they keep pushing back a little bit so
you get the Gothic family praise they go
to church they care about law
enforcement the show they will show
black leaders as being exploitative and
race baiting and things like this it's
it's not an innovative show but it is my
guilty pleasure I can't stop watching
interesting well I mean Tom Selleck is
on the hot old guy list only two men can
carry off that stand and Tom hesitated
um dude I'm just happy it wasn't like
Thunderbolt the chair just opened up and
dumped me through those watching Oh
Shawn sports with John Spicer ass
eliminator
and an evil instrument of the law what
should I do with two days in London oh
great question great question well first
I mean there's so many sites
London is a great tourist City unlike
New York unlike LA is actually great too
I've lived in both of those they're
great tourism what do you come to see in
LA it's Hollywood stars homes but no I
ignore that but one London I mean it has
some of the greatest museums the
National Gallery is a great Museum I
personally like the National Portrait
Gallery where you get a lot of history
as well and if you are in London for two
days I strongly recommend that you go to
the theater especially the National
Theater that it every actor in England
is great there is not a bad every single
I think the entire island must just have
good actors because I've never seen a
bad performance in an English theatre
and theatre because they really only
have that one major capital city theatre
is still a way that the intellectual and
artistic classes speak to one another so
they have important theater there you
know that matters in the same way we
have television shows that matter
because we don't really have we're all
spread out over the country so I
definitely go to the theatre I
definitely go to one of the galleries
route probably the National Gallery I
would also take a long walk I would
start I take a long walk through the
center of the city best walking city in
the world okay so long walk through the
center of the city yep one of your
columns and go see yourself okay three
things two days can it be done oh yeah
okay sweet and I mean fish and chips
appoint someone all oh definitely a fish
please remember our conversation is live
for everyone to watch so hello everyone
watching on YouTube and Facebook but you
can only be a part of it if you are a
subscriber so go now to daily wire comm
to subscribe and join us and that's how
we are getting the questions and we
promise we take the questions in the
order that they are received we don't
show any special precedent over you know
many pleasures I don't know I mean if it
was Sean Spicer
just no questions from Steve Bannon
Skillshare is our generous sponsor for
this episode of the conversation and you
know I'm thinking I'm really gonna check
it out for that crocheting it is
absolutely great at 18,000 classes
experts they just give you and it's all
like you know you don't have to don't
stop in the middle
they give you the whole class you don't
have to pay extra it's not like one of
those things like in-app purchases they
just give me the entire class and it's
expert suit teaching you what they know
they're it's like design or the writing
or calligraphy photography anything you
want to do any kind of new skill you
want to learn one of the things you
asked me about resolutions this is not
really a resolution
something that I'm kind of planning is
I'd like to take up an instrument again
I used to play the guitar and I now have
a keyboard and so I'm gonna go take a
look and see if they had some things
that just help me understand music a
little better I don't think they'll have
they may not have music lessons but they
might have things that help me
understand music it's just really it's
really useful I mean it's a really
useful tool and people should check it
out and if you listen to the Andrew
Clavin show you can get a limited time
offer of three months of Skillshare for
just 99 cents which is better you know
they used to offer you a month for free
but three months for 99 cents how much
of course do you think you can get done
in that time oh you can get a whole
thing really Oh several so here yeah cuz
I'm like they're like 13
you know episodes oh yeah something like
that so you can get a lot of classes
done in that time so what you do is you
go to Skillshare comm / Andrew 99
Skillshare comm / Andrew 99 you got to
use that so they know I sent you and
they'll keep sponsoring our shows and
that will give you three months of
Skillshare for only 99 cents Skillshare
calm and remind you know check it out
it's good so then you can play an
instrument and I can crochet along the
percussion but with the crochet needles
Cody Martin says I'd like you to expand
on what you said the other day about
your most sexist belief that men build a
field then women get into it then the
field dies you gave the example of
Inkerman yeah no that is not exactly
what I said okay
I'm curious because I hear this episode
thanks for bringing it up it is not it
is not what I said what I what I said
was that when you see women demanding
and getting an equal place in a in a
profession it means the profession has
become irrelevant because first of all
it you know this is the thing the thing
I hate about feminism the reason I'm an
anti-feminist is what it does is it
takes male values and it imposes them on
women
and look they're all all ranges all
kinds of women yeah but more women stay
on the feminine side more men are on the
masculine side and what feminism does it
says the masculine values are right work
career money prestige these are the
things that men naturally want women you
know sometimes that's not what they're
even interested in you know they're
interested in a family they're
interested in in relationship in life
you know thank God I mean I to me to me
those things make femininity and women
make life better for everybody and so I
think they got our last conversation you
actually said something interesting that
you believed that certain language
shouldn't be used around women because
women typically elevate a situation I
think they do
so that analogy kind of goes against
what you were saying no so all I'm all
insane is this it's men who tend to do
things like say I have an idea what if I
jump off this cliff and see if a Kleenex
will keep me from landing you know too
fast and they invent a new sport right
and so now you have men jumping on you
know Kleenex jumping and they're jumping
off cliffs and they're jumping off
buildings and jumping up and this goes
on for a while and pretty soon people
start to get bored with it and that's
when you see women start to say we
demand 50% that we you hire 50% and the
guys were already moving on to new sport
and they say go ahead and take it if you
see in in the news business when the
news business when it mattered who was
on television doing the news it was all
men now there are all kinds of anchormen
because nobody watches the news anymore
movies were being taken over right now
women are demanding a place nobody goes
to the movies anymore movies don't
matter only spider-man movies matter so
is it I mean so what you're saying that
is essentially an industry starts to die
are you blaming the industry dying
because of the women no no no oh no no
it's just because men have now moved on
- oh so you're saying it's a sign on it
or now women actually because plenty of
men are you actually making the time's
up argument for people because you're
saying that there's only space for women
when all the men have gone away
yeah that's pretty painful and because
you know like there's a video game
that's about to come out called the star
citizen probably more people will play
this video game in the first six months
that it exists and have ever seen the
film Wonder Woman or ever will in the
first six months okay it's gonna be five
years before women start to say we
should by golly we should have an equal
share of star citizen's because then the
guys are gonna be inventing some
three-dimensional thing that they'll be
floating around it's just the way it
works
it's a sexist theory but it's true
Stevens and Elsa's commander Kay our
public discourse has come under the
control of a cadre of radical leftist
kids at the social media giants how do
we resist this clear and present danger
to the Republic is a clear and present
danger the Republic if you will notice I
just wrote about this at City Journal
there is not one important right winger
you cannot name one important right
winger who wants to silence anyone on
the left who wants to censor anyone on
the left you can hardly name a left-wing
read out a left-wing outlet that doesn't
want to silence every right-wing voice
yeah why because right wing ideas work
and left-wing ideas don't and the only
way to promote left-wing ideas if that's
where you get your power and your
prestige and your sense of virtue from
is to silence the arguments against it
because the ione arguments against
left-wing ideas are right my question is
why don't right-wingers establish
businesses like YouTube Twitter Facebook
we don't seem to go into the
communications industry we never care
about the arts we never you know we
support arts like opera and ballet but
we don't support the Living Arts we tend
to turn our noses up at you know at new
forms of creativity and I think that
that is is one of the real problems and
I think that I would like to see more
young right-wingers think about how to
sell their ideas how to tell stories you
know I'd like to see fewer right-wingers
pointing at charts with a stick and more
making television shows building TV
studios buying women's magazines every
women's magazine every comedy show is
all left-wing relentless left-wing
propaganda and we just don't pay
attention to that and the problem with
it is is you can win political fight
after political fight after political
fight twenty years down the line those
things have eroded the values that built
those political victories and you'll
start to lose and that's the problem I
think we really need to take back the
culture very important reason for you I
don't I'm raising for you oh that's the
guy's name still Sean Spicer that's one
of his
handle any thoughts on the recent
development regarding new California I
don't know what that is
and is it in part of the six state
solution I know that that was somebody
that that's have been something that I
think that liberal Tom Styer had
supported that he wanted to turn
California into six different states
great idea
sorry does anybody know the news should
we Google this yeah we can I mean I
don't really know what it is so I really
don't have an opinion I'm I actually
would not mind if they broke up
California it isn't a tremendously
poorly run state we have so much poverty
so much homelessness so much wealth and
beauty that it should really be one of
the richest states in the country okay
here we go new California would
apparently declare independence from
California in a bid to become the 51st
state so it would be to turn you into
two states so this just happened can we
put all the Liberals in one hand they
want to take over most of current day
California including many of the rural
counties and leave the coastal urban
areas to themselves so we'd still be
stuck in LA we'd be in the coastal urban
area but still still I I will I would I
would compete with liberals in anytime
anyplace as long as they don't get to
take our tax dollars out as long as
Donald Trump's tax plan goes into effect
and they don't get to subsidize their
high taxes with federal tax money okay
so urban California yeah I mean I don't
know how they're gonna do that cuz the
bay area is super will have better
cities in ten minutes
bring it on bring it on Kevin wants to
know given the immense divide between
the left and the right what is something
that we can all work toward to help
bring the parties closer you know what I
tell you what this is my own I'm happy
but I'd really like to see is I really
would like to see the question of
homelessness addressed by right-wingers
and left wingers sitting down and
together I mean if you live in LA you
drive around and there are tent cities
all over the place when I was in New
York it was five degrees below zero
there were guys on the street with their
dogs begging that's that's just not
right that doesn't have to be the thing
about it is the thing that bothers me
about it I'm gonna have somebody come on
the show and try to explain this to me
because I don't know
answer is it wasn't always like this
they didn't always you see a problem and
I I am convinced that some of that has
to do with the fact that we have
absconded from taking care of the
mentally ill and part of this is because
of left-wing theories that mentally ill
people have a right to choose for
themselves
no they don't they have no more right to
choose from themselves and children do
if your mind is broken you're not
capable of that that's that's when you
take care of people that's when you look
out for them if guy living out in the
street because he's not sane enough to
get housing needs help so these are
these are problems where at least a
right winger and a left winger can sit
down this begin the conversation this
ain't right it ain't right for a guy to
be out in the cold you know fine yes so
if we can agree that it ain't right
maybe we can start to find the next step
is what might work to bring it to an end
okay Blake wants to know if leftism is a
mental disorder
what existing DSM diagnosis does it most
closely resemble you know I I don't
actually think liberalism is a mental
disorder I think that Ronald Reagan came
very close to what he said it's not that
he's not that liberals don't know
anything it's that so much of what they
know is wrong when I talk to liberals
almost exclusively they really don't
have a good grasp of the facts and they
and I say that I know that sounds
condescend but look at where they're
getting their facts from they get it
from the I mean yeah then you know Paul
Krugman writes a column in The New York
Times and economic home that is
relentlessly untrue almost every word
that he writes is untrue and I go to New
York and I talk to friends who read the
New York Times and they quote it to me
and I say yeah but that's not true those
aren't the fact you know I really think
that that leftists are trying to get to
something a fairer world a nicer world a
better world and I they just don't
understand that some of the things you
know what yeah this is kind of funny
leftist don't understand that some of
the things that actually achieve their
goals look harsh capitalism looks harsh
but it actually has lifted more people
out of poverty and any socialist program
ever anywhere okay so so it looks harsh
but it actually is much more fair in the
same way conservatives when they look at
the arts don't understand that sometimes
the harshest work of art like The
Sopranos filled with sacks
violence and bad language is actually a
very moral show so sometimes the way
things look create an illusion that fool
people on both sides I really don't
think leftism is a mental disorder but I
do think it's ill informed and I think
that it is promoted by people who want
power and because they want power they
are in positions of power like a guy
like now I don't really want power from
anybody I just want to do what I want to
do you know but if you want power and
you owned NBC CBS ABC the New York Times
CNN a politician
yeah or you're an influential politician
you're gonna promote left-wing ideas
even knowing that they don't help
anything because they just increase your
power interesting I think that's a
really good point
Tim Bauer wants to know why can't
Republicans just do daca and chain
migration and whatnot and then just tell
the whimpering Dems thanks for stopping
by
seems like fixing daca would be a
popular win the reason they can't do it
is because we've lost our trust in the
government to actually in to actually
secure our borders yeah so the Democrats
keep saying the same thing they say just
give us daca and down-the-line will
secure our borders daka's an emergency
but we can always secure our borders and
they never secure the borders they we
know now from this memo that the Daily
Caller released they know we know that
they're importing voters they want to
bring in these people because they feel
that they are reliable Democratic voters
they don't want to secure the borders
they don't have an affection for America
I think we just got through eight years
of a president who didn't really like
this country very much who thought it
was helping this country to bring in
thousands and thousands of people who
disagreed with everything we stand for
because he didn't really agree with
everything that we stand for I think
that we do not trust the government to
shut those borders down and establish
the rule of law and for me by the way
immigration is a rule of law issue it's
not an issue of where people come from
it's a question of we decide not them so
the reason I say that is you we make the
laws enforce them and if we need more
people and we think you know what we
need more people from Mexico let's
change the law bring in more people we
have a wonderful government there to
change the laws if we need them to
change the laws I do not understand why
certain laws like abortion that is now
apparently enshrined in our
Constitution magically I don't
understand why that law should be obeyed
but suddenly we don't obey the laws at
the border it's insane and so I just I
just think we don't trust them to secure
the border and establish rule of law
once they do that I think they'll find
the American people are very very
forgiving of dreamers and people who are
here already I think once they say ok
we've got the e-verify in place we've
got the wall in place nobody's coming
across I think Americans will say all
right if you're here fine there's a path
to something or other some form of
citizenship I think they will say that
after they establish security not before
interesting please remember this is just
a friendly reminder to everybody
watching our live streams right now that
our conversation is live for everyone to
watch you can only be a part of it and
ask questions if you are a subscriber so
subscribe to daily wired.com now and
join us in this episode of the
conversation Sam dev says hi Andrew do
you think that some of the actors and
actresses who wore blacks to the Golden
Globes should be commended for standing
up against sexual harassment no no I
think that first of all everybody knew
everybody knows what's going on in
Hollywood Hollywood is a place where
there's a lot of transactional sex and I
have been in rooms my own personal self
where I have seen women come in dressed
a certain dress provocatively flirting
egregiously with people hoping to get
apart and and I know that they sleep
with people to get parts this is part of
the way Hollywood works to suddenly get
on your high horse and say oh and now
we're standing up and how valuable we
are and how virtuous we are and now
we're wearing black dress I would have
liked to see them wear gray sweat suits
you know they didn't do that they were
very glamorous black dresses you know
like yes I don't I look marvelous my
black dress on tie a euro
these people aren't heroes these are
actors and actresses they're very good
at pretending to be heroes I mean it's
it's just you know the actor/actress
thing it's just one of the failures of
evolution because we've evolved to trust
our eyes and actors and actresses look
like really nice people because they're
so pretty and attractive and wealthy and
adored Muslim are just not that bright
you know and I think that these are not
heroic people that they're not changing
anything they're not really making an
statement there people who sat around
while Harvey Weinstein who in my opinion
if half of what they say about him is
true he belongs in prison you know they
let that go on and they didn't say
anything about it and now they're
parading their virtue and it's
ridiculous I think Oprah knew I think
Meryl Streep knew I think they all knew
and now they're gonna be virtue you know
these virtuous people I want us to talk
about the women who came forward and
were silenced who actually reported
things to the police at the time it
happened and weren't listen to that then
I'll agree that your hero you wait 20
years and then you make unprovable
allegations against people I'm just
bored well it's also interesting that
none of the women that were at the
forefront of coming forward specifically
some of Harvey Weinstein's accusers were
not mentioned or invited to yeah
or praised that the golden goes you know
to me feminism ruins everything there's
certainly I think treating I think
treating people badly whether they're
male or female is bad I think that
that's something we can actually agree
on you know the tree we shouldn't be
treat people badly we should treat each
other with respect
sex is a very powerful force and people
everybody I think sometimes acts badly
when in the grips of sexual desire but
but people with so much power that they
can get away with the kind of
mistreatment that was going on in
Hollywood that's that's just something
that's very very difficult to police
without starting a witch-hunt without
firing people for things that you can't
prove that they did you know I'm not
that impressed with this whole thing I
really feel like women first I feel that
the sexual mores should change then
maybe we should start to teach women
that you want some commitment before you
let people jump on your bones that's the
first thing I think we're saying with
the Aziz Ansari yeah exactly it's about
time that women start to realize that
you know the consequences of sex for
them are much higher than for men both
emotionally and physically and so there
should be a higher price they should
they should think about them them as
being more valuable treat themselves as
more valuable than they are and also
they should stop listening to feminists
everything feminists tell them is untrue
everything it tells them about their
nature is untrue everything it tells
them about men and women is untrue stop
listening start listening to the people
who have been writing and talking about
this for thousands of years and have
gotten it right do you think that this
is going to ruin awards season award
season to me is the dollar I mean
would she look I mean you people there
are some people that I actually think it
shows that that Hollywood was so out of
touch with their audience who are you
know Middle American mainly women and
I'm sure a vast majority are also gay
guys that are watching like the red
carpet and they want to see these movies
they want to see their favorite actress
and who is she wearing and what is she
wearing and you know what movie is she
working what projects is she worth it
was ruined by politics a while but I
mean and then to make it this like
all-black thing and he not asking who
are you wearing but why are you wearing
black it kind of takes the fun out of it
for people that really just want to
escape of course I mean this is one of
the things that happens to an art form
when it dies an art form at its peak
which is usually very early on is
something that not only the public likes
but intellectuals like so you put on
Shakespeare and the place is packed
because the jokes are funny their sex is
dueling but there's also this beautiful
poetry so intellectuals can sit there
and say wow this is actually a brilliant
play even though the the normal people
are enjoying it for all the action and
the sex and the romance when an art form
starts to die those two parts begin to
separate then you have to start to have
novels like Ulysses so that only
intellectuals can read and novels like
detective stories that the intellectuals
shun and that's what's happened to the
movies now now you're giving they it's
not that they can't make good movies and
it's not that they can't make movies
people watch they can't make good movies
that people watch so they're giving the
Oscar to a picture like moonlight which
was a fine little TV show a little
sliver of a slice of light that nobody
cares about the life of a black gay man
and again nobody cares I mean nobody
wants to see that movie nobody saw it
nobody's going to see it it's never
gonna have an effect on anybody and it
can be a nice little piece of art II
intellectualism but it's no longer
movies as we thought of the movies where
the best movies the movies that won the
Oscar were also the movies that people
loved you know and that those days are
gone
and that's why award season is over or
season is over because they're no longer
talking about the movies that people
like because the movies that people like
no longer deserve Awards interesting
Veronica Young says how about that
conservative think tank what's your
advice for conservatives who want to
impact the culture artistically how do
we navigate the censorship and bigotry
it strikes me a little bit crazy because
I mean I know a lot of the think tank
they're all such good people they are
good thinkers they think about wonderful
things but none of them thinks about the
arts and none of them thinks that that
is a specialist field so in other words
there are people who write yeah I don't
want to admit you can name all of the
conservative think-tanks there are
people with those think tanks might
enjoy the arts and write about them but
none of them are people who have lived
in the arts who practice the arts who
study the arts none of them because
conservatives don't care about them and
I think that that was the thing that
Andrew Breitbart he wanted me he said he
wanted me to be the first president of
his think tank which was going to be a
cultural think tank and I said ok you
know do it you know and then of course
he passed away but but I think that that
is a think tank that needs to be started
like arts like what makes art moral what
makes it wise why is it that
conservatives might shun a program like
Game of Thrones and yet Game of Thrones
might be seen as a very conservative
work of art in some ways why is it that
they shun The Sopranos but The Sopranos
is in my mind a deeply Christian deeply
moral work of art with its roots very
deep in judeo-christian thinking and and
so people who understand the arts can
explain them to a conservative public
could bring conservatives to the arts
not just as appreciators but also as
creators and I think that is a
think-tank or at least a department and
a think-tank that we need very very
badly I've been making this case for
years but it's like banging your head
against the wall
Wayne Goble wants to know in your series
another Kingdom which is what you
mentioned earlier and it's over on
ricochet you know Michael does yeah
where I do I Tunes
anywhere you get it okay or anywhere you
get a pocket I believe I heard you use
the word yin to describe the goodness of
one of your characters is this
unintentional and unintentional with Yin
referring to darkness and yang to light
no it was referring to her femininity it
was returned there's a woman in it named
Jane Janeway it was a very very feminine
girl who the hero is slowly slowly
falling in love with and she's a girl
who takes care of people she's a girl
who nurtures people she's a girl in sits
you know as he says he when he comes in
and he's hurt she actually kisses it and
makes it better and he says you know
work since this is the same thing so
refers to her magic e'en at one point
you know another Kingdom one of the
themes of another Kingdom and one of the
reasons I'm finding it almost impossible
to sell to Hollywood is manhood and you
can't have manhood without womanhood you
can't have masculinity without
femininity and it is about the kind of
interrelations it's about a guy who is a
Hollywood guy who walks through a door
one day and finds himself a murder
suspect in this bizarre other Kingdom
but in this bizarre other Kingdom there
there are rules and customs and mores in
place that have gone out of fashion in
LA so he starts to learn hey maybe some
of these things are still a part of me
somewhere inside and maybe there's a way
to be a man and bring that manhood back
into the world of LA and that's part of
the theme of it and she's just one of
the characters who he starts to realize
you know she's really a much better
person than he understands at first and
he starts to understand her femininity
in a new way and so you decided to use
that word I just use it as he's he's
describing it he's going he's kind of
waxing poetical about it House describes
well there you go
Luke Jackson this is leaving out the
vowels okay all these millennial
products like movement watches about the
vowels so it's klv mmm oh there you go
do you believe that profiting despite
and evil is immoral even if the Act has
or already will be committed
so stem-cell research using the stem
cells from aborted baby it's for example
yeah I think you yes you create you're
creating the market for that by using
them and especially I mean I think that
that there is something really
horrifying about the idea of creating
embryos to use the stem cells especially
when it seems pretty likely that you can
do it another way and so if you are
doing that to say that somebody's gonna
do it so I'm gonna profit from it is
basically to create the market front for
it people have to stand up and say you
know what there's some things we don't
do because they're simply wrong and and
selling you know embryo body parts is
one of them
Johnny bisa isn't post-modernism a
separate era or is it just the decadent
end of modernism oh that's it that's
such a good question I think that it
really depends on where you define MA
there are some people who who start
thinking about modernism basically with
the Reformation so they basically say
Don Quixote which is after all there's a
novel about novels is a modernist novel
Shakespeare is a modernist writer in
which case I don't think that modernism
is necessarily is necessarily decadent
in and of itself but it's it is going to
since all things decay post-modernism is
the way that modernism would decay and
the reason I know that is because at the
very beginning of modernism which would
be Hamlet essentially Hamlet has a mad
scene in which he discusses postmodern
no meaning he says they said what
multiculturalism post-modernism but
simply really asking
without having to be somewhere along the
line somebody has to stand up and shout
these people down and fight back and
what I shouldn't say shout them down I
mean argue with them well this is
something that I mean full disclosure I
have a child that's going to
kindergarten next year ago so my husband
and I have been doing school hunt here
in Los Angeles and at a few of these
schools we have seen pictures of
hashtags she persisted and Hillary
Clinton on the wall in a teacher's desk
like it's an open view and I'm like you
know what you got don't talk to my kids
about sex religion and politics that's
my job at home right just you know like
my entire life done phonics the vowels
like algebra stuff like that so but if I
say something I then risk my child being
ostracized or not being able to get into
school that might potentially be the
best school for her right so you're
right there is the risk but what risk is
it I think I think you have to speak up
because if nobody speaks up then
everybody assumes that everybody assumes
that everyone agrees so if no if once
you speak up I think other people will
start to speak up and because they're
wrong and because they know they're
wrong sometimes just the force of
another voice will force them to back
down I had you know a lot of my life was
defined by the fact that I refused to
let my children go to public schools and
I did a lot of work that I might not
have done to get them through some of
the very pricey schools that I sent them
simply so that when I went in and said
hey you know what you can't say that
that's not right they had to listen to
me you know and I listen I'm a very
civilized guy I always got along with
their teachers most of their teachers 80
90 percent of the teachers were great
but I wanted the right to question them
I didn't want them to say you know this
is a public school you have no right to
say anything and I think that you have
to speak up you have to be a voice for
values not that not to shut anybody else
up but simply to point out that they are
shutting people up because that's the
flaw in their logic the flaw in their
logic is not that anyone is stopping
them from speaking it is that they are
always stopping other alternative voices
and I think that if you can bring that
out sometimes you can shame them into
telling the truth so if I do end up
bringing my kid to one of these really
expensive schools can you just come with
me yeah exactly I'll stand behind you in
a pinstripe suit with a cigarette in my
own
let's keep all these Blake Conrad says
Lord Clavin what is the cure for toxic
femininity well first of all whatever
one of the things about this is that
most of us only have one really
important woman in our lives choose
carefully this is the first thing you
know I mean I like I I have have had a
miraculously
beautiful marriage and a marriage that
has inspired me and uplifted me my wife
hates it but I think for me it's been
great and and I think the thing is you
know my wife is an extraordinarily
feminine woman and a person who really
dedicated herself to making a life for
for me and our kids and I think when you
have that in your life a lot of other
things don't matter a lot of things that
other people are doing don't really
matter but I my approach to toxic
femininity and I lived through some of
the worst eras of feminism including the
80s
and I think it's come back now my
attitude was to ignore and I would I
open doors for women as he said I did I
treated treated women at like ladies I
treated women as I wished women wanted
to be and many many much of the time it
what it was who they wanted to be they
wanted to be treated like ladies it was
only the exception it would stop and
this would happen to me they would stop
and yell at me on the street you know
why are you opening the door for me and
I would say well I thought you were a
lady sorry you know and they would find
that very offensive what's really
interesting is I was in New York for
Christmas and not only under the effect
of Donald Trump I believe what people
aggressively wishing each other Merry
Christmas instead of Happy Holidays and
which was a big change but I would I'm
counting about five times when I would
open the door for a woman she would stop
turn to me look at look look me like
dead in the eye and say thank you that
was such a nice thing of you to do thank
you so much and then go through the door
and I would be saying they'd like going
I guess things are changing because
that's not the way it used to be yeah so
you know I think it was Ralph Waldo
Emerson who said that if you stand whip
where you are the great world will come
around and that's been my approach to
toxic femininity which I just regardless
feminism I
feminism was a bad idea I think it's
time is passing I think we need I'm an
individualist I want everybody to do
what he or she wants so I'm not like
putting any restrictions on anybody but
I think that when women come to their
senses and stop succumbing to the social
pressure that has been created by the
left I think that maybe they will change
the whole culture I wonder how many
times in a conversation we can get
Andrew to say that he doesn't like
feminists I do not like did I say that
because nobody wants to say oh I say
once again this is just a friendly
reminder that our conversation is live
for everyone to watch but you can only
be a part of it if you are a subscriber
to the daily wire so go to the daily
where calm right now and join us
subscribe to join us in this
conversation and don't forget the next
conversation is going to be next month
on February 13th with Michael Knoll
George says did you ever regret just
throwing away thousands of dollars worth
of presents and did your parents ever
find out if they did what happened they
didn't ever find out if the really weird
thing about this I write about this in
my book the great good thing which is
about my conversion and one of the
things that happened I got a thousands
of dollars worth of jewelry and savings
bonds and all these things from my bar
mitzvah and then about six months six to
eight months later I started to think
you know I really was lying I didn't
really believe in any of the things I
sit at my bar mitzvah so this is
ill-gotten gains and I crept out very
late at night and I threw this leather
box full of jewelry away and I just I
always wondered if the garbage man found
it I doubt very much doubt he did I hid
it very very deeply III don't think I
ever did regret it I can't remember ever
regretting it the really strange thing
about it was I did I never really think
about it again it was just something I
did thinking well that was the right
thing to do and then at a party I was at
with a friend of mine who is an
Episcopal priest with his wife and my
wife were sitting around and you know
how you tell stories at a party yeah I
told that story and the party sort of
stopped and this priest said to me you
know that's that's a remarkable story
and I paused because Here I am a
professional storyteller and
ever told and I thought you know that is
kind of a remark yeah story and it
started me to thinking about why I had
done it why it had mattered so much to
me to done it was the first time it ever
occurred to me that maybe God mattered
to me because not the first time it ever
occurred to me that one of the times it
occurred to me that maybe God mattered
to me or I wouldn't have it wouldn't
have been so important to me that I had
lied about him so I don't I don't think
I've ever I can't recall ever regretting
it my parents never did I never
discussed it with him so interesting
Caitlyn Barnes says master of all things
Clavin how many seasons of another
Kingdom are you expecting to produce
we're very much hoping to produce three
I hope it's three seasons the first
season does resolve itself but it also
has some you know things that leave
actually a cliffhangers and we've got
another great response the first time
I'm gonna see what happens when I send
the book out I may publish the book
myself I'm not sure how they handle that
but I'm very much hoping to do a second
season next year and then I'd love to do
one more and really round out the whole
story and I'm just hoping the way Noel
smokes and drinks that he'll tell his
his weather and his wedding yeah that's
true Samantha gets the life insurance
thanks if something that's the important
thing
cigar-smoking Carson because Shapiro and
I are probably gonna kill him anyway
John rush Andrew you mentioned a couple
of times that Christian art should be
more nihilistic I'm not sure that's what
you mean but how can a Christian
accomplish real-world art without
nihilism yeah I don't think I ever said
that okay well what what I think but I
think I have said is that realistic art
is sometimes more realistic than
Christian art and that Christian art
should be realistic okay so what I mean
by that is that good things don't always
happen to good people
not every story has a happy ending
sometimes bad people get away with stuff
I mean I'll get life exactly exactly and
what Christians don't understand is that
I think I think conservatives have the
same problem it's Christian art doesn't
look like Christian life it looks like a
life because God is God of the real
world and so you know sometimes when you
see you know a movie that I always like
that's a nihilistic movie is called open
water about some people get lost in the
water and the Sharks come after them and
just bad things happen you
it's like you know bad brakes terrible
things happen and then things just get
worse and that and that's like
nihilistic art because that's basically
the philosophy that is putting forward
but a Christian could tell that story
too
but he'd have to be honest about the
pain the suffering the tragedy the use
the seemingly seeming uselessness of it
because where Christianity takes place
is in a timeline that goes beyond each
life so we live in a certain way and
most people do this anyway without
admitting it we live in a certain way
where sometimes we don't take the
immediate advantage because we want we
want to be good people because we want
to answer to some spirit inside
ourselves maybe some spirit that created
us that says you know I made you to be a
certain way why is it that you don't
commit rape why is it that you don't you
know if one of my friends leaves his
wallet down why don't I take the money
and cut you know why I mean if he's
never gonna find out if my wife is never
gonna find out that I cheated on her why
don't I cheat on her well it's because I
actually believe I'm living a longer
timeline in my life would suggest and
that I think that there is something
inside me that is not just this not just
this meat not just this flesh that is
something more important that I am
trying to develop and preserve and turn
into live into what it was made to be so
I think that Christian art should be
about life it's actually lived full of
pain full of suffering full of
unfairness instead of like every time
you have this is what Christian movies
look like to me every time you have a
sex outside of marriage you get pregnant
every time you know you know every time
you don't believe terrible things happen
to you it's just it's absurd and anybody
looking at it it's kind of like it's
kind of like rom-coms for Christians
basically romantic comedies for
Christians where it sort of follows a
certain semi pornographic pattern where
what I want to say is know this life
this life full of murder this life full
of adultery this wife full of death is
Christ's life this is the Christian life
in which we have faith that's you read
the Bible that's what those stories are
lying I mean there really are horrific
stories at full of the things of life
and that's that's all I'm saying is the
Christian should engage with life not
with this is namby-pamby
mealy-mouthed clean squeaky-clean idea
it's for children it's not for adults
and how can you sell anything to anybody
if you're gonna lie if everything you
say is a lot after a while people say
like life's just not like that why
should I believe in that interesting
Ashton Harrell says Overlord Clavin how
would you reconcile the modern church's
view of women in religious worship with
second Timothy 22 11 through 15 quote a
woman should learn in quietness and full
submission yeah you know I I have a very
specific approach to the Bible and it's
a developing approach I mean so I won't
say anything that I can't change my mind
about later but I am very deeply I have
a very deep relationship to the Gospels
I have spent years now trying to
understand who Jesus was what he was
saying you know because he says stuff
the people quote and then you think
really I'm sorry what you know like
you're like yeah turn the other cheek
and you go really somebody hits me I'm
supposed to mean that is that exactly
what you mean so I read you know the
Gospels very carefully trying to figure
out what it was he was saying the
epistles I feel or by men I feel all the
but the Bible is by men and their that
that means that can be errors in it and
and things like that but the epistles
specifically are men trying to
understand this immense cosmic event
like I really believe that this happened
I believe that God incarnated himself
lived and died and was resurrected on
earth and then guys were like what the
hell just happened you know and so some
of them said things and prophecy yeah
they're processing it so not every word
that they say becomes a law for all of
human time right so I I mean I believe
there's a line I'm not sure if it's in
Paul or pseudo Paul but where he says
you know anybody who does this anybody
who does that anybody does this this
this is not going to the kingdom of
heaven and my feeling is well I'm not
sure you know that you know I'm not sure
jesus said don't judge not lest you be
judged you know what he's saying is I
don't think those are good ways to live
you know he's picking things and he sees
around him that are threatening the
church and he says I don't think those
are good ways to live but that doesn't
necessarily mean that God that that's a
rule that God has set down that this is
those people will not get into heaven I
believe we're gonna be very surprised at
some of the people we meet in heaven and
I think that's gonna be a good thing
it's gonna be a thing that will expand
our own minds and our own arts and our
own Souls I think that women should not
be afraid to follow their natures they
should not be afraid to be who they are
and and I think that I think that we've
taught them that there's something wrong
with who they are but it's imposed on
them by society which i think is just
nonsense i think it's absolute nonsense
but everything in christianity speaks
into the nobility the honor the
importance of the individual God it says
it says you know it's like on the first
page that God created man in His image
male and female so when you were looking
at a man when you were looking at a
woman you are looking at the image of
God and you should treat that person as
just like that that's exactly how you
treat them and it's male and female
created he them in His image and I think
that that is that's basically all you
need to know and so all you need to know
about how women should be treated about
how men should be treated I think that
tells you the whole thing
well preacher Clavin therefore there you
go I mean you only have a couple minutes
left but Steve Parker says your thoughts
on the most dishonest and corrupt media
Awards of the year tomorrow my thoughts
on this or that I want to host the award
show I will I will buy a tuxedo I'll
steal Knowles's tuxedo I will show up I
just want to host these awards I think
it is the greatest idea that Donald
Trump ever had in his entire life I
think it's into his entire presidency
may be validated by this
I think our news media is the most
corrupt Democrat Pravda that you know
I've ever seen it is they're just liars
they cheat they only tell one side of
the story and I think you could give
each and every one of them a special
award and look just a little golden
statuette that looks like Jim Acosta
oh good only have a couple minutes left
maybe we have time for one or two more
questions this is our final question
okay Kimberly rich says dear all-knowing
Clavin where does Shapiro
where does Shapiro and near differences
of analysis from come from okay sorry
I'm gonna sub Kimberly says dear
all-knowing Clavin and I think she's
asking where do you
and ben shapiro differ in your analysis
on Trump and like where does that come
from yeah well I mean look it's very
hard to know I mean Ben and I do have
differences of opinion we have
differences of approach to life I mean I
think that you know he's an Orthodox Jew
and has a very rule-based approach to
life I am a Christian and I have a much
less rule-based approach to life but
maybe that's too simplistic too
I think that that he is he is more of a
political guy and I am more of a
cultural guy so I look at the culture
and I say what's the effect this guy is
having on the culture which I think has
actually been positive in spite of the
fact that he actually does things that I
don't always like whereas Ben is always
looking at policy
he's always looking at you know the
numbers what the polls say how this is
going to affect the poles down the line
who's gonna win the next election I you
know I've been around a long time and I
realized that you don't always know
who's gonna win the election I mean on
the day that Donald Trump won neither
Ben nor I knew who was gonna win the
election so I don't worry so much about
as much about the future in that in that
regard I look at the culture and I think
like yeah you know maybe it's a good
thing that people are turning to their
sports heroes and say hey stand up for
the flag when they play the national
anthem maybe it's a good thing that
people are saying Merry Christmas maybe
it's a good thing that people are not so
you know I talked about this I wrote an
article about this this week that was
very popular in City Journal where I
said you know Trump is rude I don't like
rudeness but that rudeness is helping to
shatter the political correctness that
has worked as a mental prison for all
these years the left purposely
constructed this out of our manners out
of our good manners they would say well
it's not polite it's not nice to say
that blacks commit a disproportionate
amount of crime you go that's the fact
oh yeah but you're racist if you say it
and Trump because he's rude because he's
crude is actually breaking through
shattering those rules so there he is
doing something that I think is wrong
but it's having a good effect on the
culture and that makes me happy he's
also just accomplished a lot of good
stuff in that first year and it was
easier for me to see that than been in
some ways it took Bend a little bit
longer I think to come around because he
felt that he was calling balls and
strikes I feel I'm looking at the way
the culture is going the big ship of the
culture is it
to the Northstar we're getting a loss
right now I think we're in a good path
and part of that is because of Donald
Trump and so I'm much more easier on him
than Ben who sometimes saying well this
policy is wrong and that policies right
in this he has a much more political
point of view I think I have a much more
cultural point of view interesting we'd
like to thank our generous sponsors over
at Skillshare thank you forget about
that be sure to tune in on Tuesday
February 13th at 5:30 p.m. Eastern 2:30
p.m. Pacific to catch our next episode
episode 6 it's going to feature our very
own Michael Knowles and you won't want
to miss it
Michael Knowles know he smokes a lot of
cigars went to Yale no where's the
glasses yeah Ben hates him oh yeah oh
yeah watching everyone I am Alicia
Krause and I'll see you next time
