this is the way me too ends this is the
way me too ends this is the way hashtag
me too ends not with a bang but a
whimper we will discuss Hollow Men the
sodden women and the neo of Victorian
morality then this day in history
I'm Michael Knowles and this is the
Michael Noel's show
there is so much to get to this is one
of the most interesting cultural stories
that we've seen in a year or more before
we get to that a little bit of
bookkeeping in case you missed it
yesterday or you might be interested in
seeing it Ben and I went over to our
friend Tai Lopez's house last night
Tai lobe you might you might know him he
had one of the biggest ads on YouTube
ever I think this is Tai just bought
this new Lamborghini here fun to drive
up here in the Hollywood Hills but you
know what I like a lot more than
materialistic things knowledge in fact
I'm a lot more proud of these seven new
bookshelves that I had to get installed
to hold 2,000 new books that I bought
it's like the billionaire Warren Buffett
says the more you learn the more you
earn I love that ad that's the guy you
know I'm here in my garage with my
Lamborghini and all my books and
everything so and this is a really
bizarre coincidence two of the first
people that I met in LA right when I got
out here we're Ty and Ben so really
totally randomly I just come in to LA
for some auditions friend of mine that I
was staying with said I'll go to the
cigar bar I have some work to do for a
couple hours so I go to this cigar bar
down the street I'm reading a book just
smoking a cigar guy turns to me he's
reading a book he says you're the first
guy I've seen reading a book in LA we
should be friends and which is true and
more I've lived here the more I've
learned that and so anyway it turned out
that he was living up with Tai Lopez's
house this internet guru you know reads
a book a day kind of guy and so the
invited me up to a party there a couple
days later so my first taste of LA was
hanging out with with those guys and
obviously I met Ben through Andrew
Klavan and Jeremy boring and the whole
daily wire crew so this is a real
melding of the worlds Ben did I think an
hour-long podcast with Ty that I came in
I did an hour-long podcast with Ty so if
you want to check those out there were
over on all of his social media
platforms there's a lot of fun
especially hanging out in his house
which i think is worth a gazillion
dollars so there's a nice change of pace
from my cardboard box that i live in
down in Culver City
so anyway go check it out it's a lot of
fun all right let's get into this let's
get into the main story the me2 campaign
the hashtag me to campaign about sexual
assault and harassment
has officially jumped the shark we
talked about this a little bit at the
end yesterday with Alisha but the
fallout from this piece is even more
interesting really than the piece itself
the feminist website babe calm gotta
love it they were in a piece yesterday
titled I went on a date with disease I'm
sorry it turned into the worst night of
my life
the worst night of her life Wow clearly
this is going to be a Weinstein esque
tale of abuse rape intimidation
blacklisting enormity right these
accusations are so bad the accuser chose
to remain anonymous going only by the
emotionally evocative pseudonym grace so
what does the accuser allege happened
she alleges that she hit on Aziz Ansari
the left-wing comedian at an Emmys
afterparty he ignored her but
nevertheless she persisted they
exchanged numbers that was that she
heads back across the country to New
York he leaves her a voicemail and they
chat via text for about a week now that
part seems minimal we'll get to why
that's a key aspect of the problem here
a little bit later so they said a de
gr√¢ce agonizes with her friends over
what to wear these jeans yadda yadda
blah blah blah she arrives at his
apartment and here's where things go
horribly horribly wrong did he attack
her no did he take her captive no no no
instead he offered her white wine
instead of red I'm serious babe calm
writes quote after arriving at his
apartment in Manhattan on Monday evening
they exchanged small talk and drank wine
it was white she said I didn't get to
choose but I prefer red but it was a
white wine then I'm sorry walked her to
grand banks an oyster bar on board a
historic wooden shoe neuron the Hudson
River just a few blocks away I actually
used to live right around that area can
you imagine the horror her host her date
offered her the type of wine preferred
by virtually every woman on earth
without even taking one moment to become
a psychic and read her mind and
understand that she likes the other kind
of wine before buying her dinner at an
expensive oyster bar lock him up lock
him up Golda Marshall can you get the
police on the line this is how ray
just so they had dinner and then Ansari
checked asked for the check so babe
writes grace says she sensed Ansari was
eager for them to leave when the waiter
came over he quickly asked for the check
and he said like let's get off this boat
she recalls there was still wine in her
glass and even more left in the bottle
he ordered the abruptness surprised her
like he got the check and then it was
bada-boom bada-bing we're out of there
that's right that's right you heard that
correctly Ansari was too quick to pay
for their expensive dinner the classic
faux pas you're at a dinner and your
date pays the pill too quickly isn't
that's a tale as old as time just
terrible so anyway they go back to his
apartment they flirt for a little bit
they get naked and they make out as babe
tells it she remembers feeling
uncomfortable at how quickly things
escalated note the wording here grace
doesn't remember expressing her
discomfort in any way she doesn't
remember telling him that they should
keep their clothes on or not to kiss her
she just felt it yeah just felt it now
things get really crazy Aziz Ansari
allegedly tried to have sex with the
naked lady in his apartment and they
almost did it can you believe it they
both made it to third base as it were
and then she finally told him firmly she
didn't want to have sex so they stopped
and sat on the couch then she started
how do I say this on a family-friendly
show she gave him another triple that
kissed some more now keep in mind
they're still completely naked at this
point then she changed her mind again
and said she didn't want to have sex and
she put her clothes back on and she said
you guys are all the same you guys are
all at that effing same truer words by
the way have you ever been spoken and
that is a major aspect of this but we'll
get back to that in a second so she
calls a cab and she leaves here's the
most important line grace explains it
took a really long time for me to
validate this as sexual assault I was
debating if this was an awkward sexual
experience or sexual assault as a rule
if you have to ask it's the former not
the latter if you have to debate it it's
the former it's not sexual assault at no
point in this entire account
dude Aziz Ansari commits sexual assault
and that pains me to say because I don't
really like Aziz Ansari at all I don't
find him funny
I think his political preening is like
nails on a chalkboard and the character
he plays onstage is an all around SOI
boy but this is a classic case of regret
not assault and that doesn't mean the
girl doesn't have a right to be sad or
hurt or angry she felt used because she
was being used what why did the girls
stick around at all after the the awful
wine episode at the beginning why did
she stick around because she liked
Ansari and she wanted him to like her
for more than her body for more than
just a one or two night stand for more
than just sex
now Ansari may have liked her he may
have just wanted to score I don't know
but like all men and especially famous
men and especially rich famous men and
especially rich influential famous men
most especially of all like rich
influential famous men in a hookup
culture that treats sex like a handshake
he wanted sex and he expected it to come
easy because that's our culture that's
the ubiquitous culture surrounding sex
that we live in but why did she stick
around if she felt uncomfortable why did
she stripped naked and keep engaging in
sex acts why did she repeatedly let him
make it so far around the bases we have
an answer from sex pert April Mazzini
yes sex Burt that's a thing sex Burt a
sex pert April Mazzini of asked April
calm explains quote I hear from women
who have sex on the first date and then
try to leverage that act into love they
impute their feelings about the sex on a
first date on to the other person and
those who feel that sex on a first date
means interest or often hurt if a second
date doesn't evolve a tale as old as
time but a trick not always so pervasive
and relied upon 46 percent of people who
use the dating web site OkCupid say
they'd sleep with someone on the first
date a high percentage that just keeps
rising in recent years and OkCupid is a
pretty good source here because online
dating sites and mobile apps like
Tyndall Tindall tinder or a Bumble or
whatever I you know in my single days I
was used Grindr but I never met the
right lady they had they always had
these huge Adam's apples that with just
neither here nor there the use of online
dating sites and mobile apps among young
people nearly tripled just between 2013
and 25
fifteen according to Pew Research and
there isn't a ton of research available
for how that trend has evolved even over
the past three years I but I can tell
you from personal interactions and you
know it yourselves every single young
person in the country is on these apps I
have multiple friends who even met their
future wives on these apps I'm gonna go
to two weddings this spring as a matter
of fact four friends who met on apps
like tinder still marriage is the
exception not the rule when it comes to
all of these apps and these websites the
trouble with these apps is that they
incentivize a swipe right culture where
the next better hookup is always a click
away why stick with the person you've
got the person sitting across from you
or in the bar or at the party or
whatever when your phone is buzzing with
an endless stream of new digital hotties
buzz buzz buzz that gets back to one of
the earliest aspects of his ease and
this girl's encounter one that
everybody's missing in their coverage
they met at a party she hits on him he's
not that interested that she had a
little bed they exchanged numbers then
what happens they text for a week they
text they don't grab coffee or a drink
they don't even talk on the phone they
text and texts can be a deceptive
experience what we know that she's
interested in him where the texts flirty
yeah presumably what did they say what
what did she say to him how did he
respond texts are a virtual fantasy land
there's no phone to hear the tone or the
tenor or the hesitations in someone's
voice there's no face staring you down
to seduce or to embarrass or to shame or
to amuse or do anything texts are a
blunt object but increasingly through
the only way that single Millennials
communicate a 2014 Gallup poll and now
we're talking four years ago a full 68%
of 18 to 29 year olds reported that they
had texted quote a lot the previous day
that number plunges to 47% among 30 to
49 year olds and down to 26% of 50 to 64
year olds and 0% of me because I hate
texting I hate I hate I really you know
I'm Marshall I do not text I despise it
I find it here's the reason I find it so
rude when you're having a conversation
with somebody to look down and check
your phone and start talking to somebody
else
yeah hold on a second no I I know we're
having a conversation but literally
anything else on planet Earth is more
interesting than what you're saying to
me so let me pull out my phone spin the
roulette wheel and assume whatever is on
that screen is more important than you I
hate it I don't do it and then I don't
later on so don't do it in the moment
that I don't even do it later on when I
stop talking to somebody aside from that
digression everybody texts and texting
dehumanizes the person on the other end
it abstracts that person it removes
every single sense of another person
other than seeing a formalized
abstraction of their thought in the form
of words on a screen and maybe a weird
picture or two that's it it's not even
like writing a letter a long letter
where you get a sense of their feelings
it's just three words this that this the
other thing it's very shallow so even
heading into the date Aziz and this
woman head in with necessarily different
perceptions and likely different
expectations and then we equate Harvey
Weinstein's violently raping women and
ruining their careers and blackmailing
them with an awkward date and consensual
sexual encounter that left a woman upset
because a man wanted to have sex in a
culture where sex on the first date is
common and basically expected in a
culture that tells you men and women are
exactly the same the sexes are
indiscernible they want exactly the same
things professionally personally and
sexually a culture were two people could
enter an encounter in good faith with
exactly the same premises and yet one
leaves hurt and one leaves confused
what's the problem I'm a FEMINIST I'm a
feminist I'm a feminist I you set a
disease you said oh that's a great point
joshie Herman the editor of babe calm
said we would publish this again
tomorrow the the piece about this awful
encounter with the wine and whatever
it's newsworthy because of who he is and
what he has said in his stand-up what he
has written in his book what he has
proclaimed on late-night TV her account
is pointing at a striking tension
between those things and the way she
says Aziz treated her in private now
this is actually sort of a decent point
why is it I'm a feminist I'm a feminist
I'm a FEMINIST
oh yeah right again Aziz good job but
that's it's not just that the things
he's spouting in public Khan
the things he does in private it's that
the things he's spouting in public
contradict the things that everybody
does in private because feminism
presents an incorrect view of the world
that men and women are exactly the same
and that hurts everybody involved but
perhaps the craziest thing about this
whole episode this pathetic end to the
me2 movement is that it's got me
agreeing with the Atlantic and the New
York Times that's awful
Caitlyn Flanagan writes in the Atlantic
quote she tells us that she wanted
something from Ansari and that she was
trying to figure out how to get it she
wanted affection kindness attention
perhaps she hoped to maybe even become
the famous man's girlfriend he wasn't
interested what she felt afterward
rejected yet another time by yet another
man was regret and what she and the
writer who told her story created was
3,000 words of revenge porn I thought it
would take a little longer for the hit
squad of privileged young white women to
open fire on brown-skinned men I had
assumed that on the basis of
intersectionality and all that they'd
stay laser focused on college-educated
white men for another few months but
we're at warp speed now and the
revolution in many ways so good and so
important is starting to sweep up all
sorts of people into its conflagration
the monstrous the cruel and the simply
unlucky apparently there is a whole
country full of young women who don't
know how to call a cab and who have
spent a lot of time picking out pretty
outfits for dates they hoped would be
nice to remember they're angry and
temporarily powerful and last night they
destroyed a man who didn't deserve it
Wow
absolutely right Caitlyn Flanagan is
probably the best writer in the Atlantic
and it's just one of the reasons I still
subscribe to the Atlantic and by bizarre
coincidence I actually found out just
the other day she's Andrew Clavin
sister-in-law she's drew the Drew's wife
sister and I I suppose that isn't
coincidental that I would enjoy the
writing of Drew's sister-in-law but
still very small world she's exactly
correct she's brutally correct Barry
Weiss in The New York Times writes I am
a proud feminist and this is what I
thought well reading Grace's story if
you're hanging out naked with a man it's
safe to assume he's going to try to have
sex with you if the inability to choose
a Pinot Noir over a Pinot Grigio of
sends you you can leave right then and
there if you don't like the way your
date hustles through paying the check
you can say I've had a lovely evening
and I'm going home now if you go home
with him and discover he's a terrible
kisser say I'm out if you start to hook
up and don't like the way he smells or
the way he talks or doesn't talk and if
he pressures you to do something you
don't want to do use a four-letter words
stand up on your two legs and walk out
the door
Aziz Ansari sounds like he was
aggressive and selfish and obnoxious
that night isn't it heartbreaking and
depressing that men especially ones who
present themselves publicly as feminists
often act this way in private shouldn't
we try to change our broken sexual
culture proud feminist huh is that
feminism Weiss is saying men and women
want different things from sex it's
perfectly fine for men to pick up the
check at dinner it's not disrespectful
or patriarchal it's perfectly reasonable
for men to choose a wine and pour their
data glass of it though of course she
may refuse it she's right that there's a
broken sexual culture but the sexual
culture is feminist you can't
simultaneously say that the sexual
culture begun 60 years ago by feminism
and sexual liberation is broken and
that's why we need more feminism and
sexual liberation we're headed toward a
neo Victorian era you can see it all
around you you see it on college
campuses which are now hiring deans and
deputy deans and deputy assistant deputy
Dean's
to regulate and monitor sexual activity
the sort of campus sexual regulation we
haven't seen since men and women had to
sign back into their single sex dorm
rooms at night however many decades ago
the era of original Victorian morality
began after the post Cromwell
restoration of the monarchy in England
and led to a period of free living and
all-around debauchery modeled after the
French of course a more libertine people
you know have never graced this earth so
Queen Victoria's uncle George the fourth
was popularly seen as a pleasure-seeking
playboy scandal abounded national
leaders were regularly seen as decadent
playboys the culture was freewheeling
and fun does that sound familiar
now what followed was a period of strict
morals personal restraint and cultural
ascendance we may be headed there now
but Victorian values were based in
traditional Victorian in traditional
Christian values until Charles Darwin
crisis of faith began eating away at
them the quality of the new Victorianism
we're heading toward will be decided by
precisely which moral system which view
of the world we grounded in so you
better start praying okay can we get to
this day in history now we do know we
can because we have to sign off Marshall
you tyrant
you monster I'm sorry if you're on
Facebook and YouTube you got to go to
daily wire.com if you were already there
and a subscriber thank you you help us
keep the lights on and cafe in my cup
and subscriptions to the Atlantic for
the one good article at half a year if
not please go to daily wire.com right
now why why would you do it well you'll
get me you'll get the end reply pinchot
you got the ben shapiro show no ads on
the website blah blah blah the
conversation you can ask different
questions
I think Druce conversation is today
actually at 2:15 is it Marshall yeah we
can hear I'm setting up in the room next
door so actually subscribe right this
second and you'll be able to ask Andrew
Clavin questions today for the
conversation it's gonna be really good
but the most important thing forget all
that the leftist tears tumblr this is
gonna be a big one folks the me2
movement is completely over now it's
ended with a with a bad not with a bang
but a whimper feminism is being brought
into question because of our new
cultural moment and our new neo
Victorianism you've got Hollywood
falling apart because of this issue get
it are you gonna drown don't be stupid
you're gonna drown on salty salty
delicious leftist ears you can only
drink so many you can only gorge
yourself on so many you have to store
them in a proper vessel like this make
the right decision for you and your
family and save yourselves go to daily
wire.com right now we'll be right back
okay let's get to this day in history
this day in history this is a big one on
this day in history the Roman Empire
officially began now I'm not going to go
through the entirety of the Roman Empire
in our last you know a few minutes here
so let's focus on one incredible
historical coincidence at the outset of
the Roman Empire that might shed some
light on the nature of the world of the
physical world and the metaphysical
world the Roman Empire began when Gaius
Julius Caesar Octavian who's a a v n'j
is frequently called air to the
assassinated Julius Caesar was granted
the title Augustus by the Roman Senate
so Augustus ruled from January 16th 27
BC until its death in AD 14 after the
demise of the second triumvirate which
was formed by himself Marc Anthony and
Marcus Lepidus to defeat the assassins
of Julius Caesar Augustus restored the
semblance of the Roman Republic there
was the Senate and the legislatures and
all that the semblance of it in reality
he retained firm rule for himself
there's much to note about Augustus but
consider just this one fact Augustus was
not actually the son of Caesar he was
his adopted son he was regularly
referred to as d-v filius son of a god
because upon julius caesar's death a
comet known as caesar's comment appeared
above the earth it was the brightest
comet in recorded history having even a
negative absolute magnitude it could be
seen even by daylight and was taken as a
sign that caesar had been deified turned
into a god upon his death and so the son
of a god rained on a throne in rome and
initiated the PAC's agust√≠ the Peace of
Augusta the Peace of Rome of so much of
the civilized world that blanketed the
land
I was so named by Seneca the younger and
considered a miracle because of the
widespread war which had wreaked havoc
for so many centuries prior at that same
time during that same reign another
bright light appeared in the sky over
Bethlehem to signal precisely the coming
of another king a king whose kingdom is
not of this world a king who would be
called
not Phileas DB but Phileas day not son
of a god or the divinity but son of the
one true God himself and a king who
would bring not just peace for a time
and a space but for all time and space
into eternity a coincidence so
incredible an example of God's wimzie's
so undeniable and yet it's almost never
taught in history class or physics class
or astronomy class Alexander Pope put it
well all nature is but art unknown to
the all chance direction which thou
canst not see that's our show today I'm
Michael Mills this is the Michael Nolt
show we are not gonna be here tomorrow
I've got a film shoot that I've got to
be at tomorrow because shockingly and
incredibly occasionally I still get
hired as an actor in this town but I
assume that'll be the last time so don't
worry about it again so we're gonna do a
show on Friday instead we're still gonna
do the mailbag on Thursday so get your
questions in ASAP and until Thursday I'm
Michael Knowles and I'll see you then
the Michael Noel's show is produced by
Marshall Benson executive producer
Jeremy Borah senior producer Jonathan
hey supervising producer Mathis Glover
our technical producer is Austin Stevens
edited by Alex Zingara audio is mixed by
Mike Cora Mina hair and makeup is by
Joshua Avera the Michael Noel's show is
a daily wire for word publishing
production copyright for word publishing
