my name is Andrew Klavan and this is my
new story another Kingdom performed by
Michael Noel's last time austin learned
that lady better-a was tricked into
testifying against him at his trial by
Lord irons lives and the wizard curtains
sorcery when he snuck in to see the lady
she flung herself into his arms and
proclaimed her love for him
part of an affair he couldn't remember
caught by Sir arriviste
Austin tried to run for his life but was
carried back to Los Angeles there after
consulting with his friends at
Hitchcock's he continued his search for
the mysterious book called another
Kingdom and now another Kingdom episode
10 I expected to leave Hitchcock's and
be flung back into the sword fight with
Arabist
but no I went out through the door and
was still here in real life or in Los
Angeles anyway racing through the fine
warmish autumn day toward the restaurant
parking lot what's more I came around
the corner and saw that the black
Mustang was gone sara was gone I had no
clue what that meant but I was glad to
be rid of him if only for the moment I
hurried to my Nissan and pulled the door
open this time I did brace myself for
the transition trying to remember some
of the sword fighting moves I'd gleaned
from the videos again though there was
no transition I was in the car I peeled
out and headed for the Getty I raced
along the cliffs of Mulholland with the
valley spread out far below me hazy and
serene in the Morning Sun I wanted to
use the drive time to calm my mind and
think I couldn't I've wanted to try to
figure out some strategy to evade Sara
and the police and sir Arabist
but nothing came to me by the time my
car was sputtering up the rising road to
the museum complex I had lost hope even
in what I was doing right now what real
chance was there that Ellen evermore had
left a trail for me I had seized on
Jane's idea out of desperation back in
Hitchcock's but now that I was here it
seemed too outlandish to believe
I parked in the museum garage and jogged
out to catch the monorail up to the top
of the hill
the little white tram car was uncrowded
in the mid week morning i sat and stared
through the window across from me a
recorded announcer droned something over
the address system as the freeway sank
beneath me and green hilly wilderness
rose on the horizon I drifted into a
hazy fugue state barely thinking any
more at all the tram wound its way up to
the museum the trees of the surrounding
park crowded in close I was still gazing
distantly into the leaves when for a
second really just a split second I
thought I saw Sarah again I thought I
saw the kitten faced killer standing
amidst the purple blossoms of the willow
weed Jacaranda tree I blinked out of my
fugue state my blood racing but he was
gone the blossoms drifted over empty
space in an autumn breeze had he
followed me here tracked me had he
withdrawn from Hitchcock's parking lot
so I would reveal where I was headed but
there was no sign of him I must have
just imagined it still when the tram
reached the top and I stepped out onto
the platform I was wide awake and all
vigilance I headed into the museum
complex wide-eyed were there dreamy
gardens and plashing fountains all
around me majestic white towers of cleft
cut travertine linked together by
bridges of sunlit glass were their
stately views of the far-off city that
made it seem the capitol of an antique
paradise rather than the rootless mall
and freeway maze it seemed up close it
didn't matter
I saw none of it my eyes were studying
faces face after face searching for my
assassin he was nowhere nowhere I could
see I kept telling myself I was spooked
fantasizing he wouldn't kill me here
here with the tourists all around he
wanted a private place where he could do
his dirty work slowly a place where no
one would hear me scream I explained all
this to my paranoia but it didn't help
by the time I made it to the European
galleries I could barely focus on the
pictures there I was so busy seeking out
that weirdly sexless weirdly sensual
kitten face of his all the same I
found my painting it was there in a fine
hole of sky blue walls and misted glass
there were only two other visitors
wandering here a middle-aged Japanese
couple the moment I came around the
corner I spotted two framed pictures
hung one on top of the other they were
on the far wall flanked by two statues
one of a nymph and one of the hero I
didn't know their names
the bottom painting that was the one I
wanted the one in Gunther's snapshot it
gave me a mystic thrill to stand before
it to stand where Ella Nevermore had
stood for a few seconds I lost myself in
the painting
I forgot my fear of sera I stepped out
of the traffic jam of troubles and
dangers crowding my mind I found enough
focus to really study the picture and to
read the description on the plaque to
one side this was Hercules choosing
between virtue and pleasure virtue was a
stern helmeted woman pointing upward
toward a climbing narrow path pleasure
was arrayed at Hercules feet beckoning
she was a beauty her clothing in
disarray revealing tempting swaths of
rounded flesh
Hercules leaned on a post and listened
to virtues lecture with a quizzical
expression as if he were trying to
figure out what possible argument there
could be for leaving behind the luscious
babe below him in order to climb the
rocky straight and narrow way I gazed at
the painting for long seconds searching
desperately to see some relevant meaning
in it some clue to the whereabouts of
another Kingdom but there was nothing
nothing I could figure out at least and
I had lost faith in the whole idea
anyway how could Ella Nevermore know I
would find Gunther that he would show me
her picture that I would understand the
clue it was all ridiculous I thought a
dream of desperation and then I thought
wait
the woman pointing upward maybe I lifted
my eyes to the painting above the
painting I knew at once that I had found
the clue that Ella Nevermore had left
for me I didn't understand it not then
not yet it was a painting of a queenly
woman in a chair wisdom that's who the
plaque said she was like virtue she had
a soldierly helmet on she
held a shield with the emblem of a dove
like the holy ghost there were angels
around her cherubs putti the plaque said
though I'd never heard the word before
one of the cherubs held a mirror to the
woman symbolizing self-knowledge I guess
one overhead held a snake coiled in a
perfect circle its tail in its mouth a
symbol the plaque said of eternity but
what drew me held me excited me was the
third cherub sitting at the woman's feet
he held an open book a radiant book he
was pointing to the words on the page
the words were in script hard to make
out but the word just beneath his finger
was kingdom the kingdom of God cometh
not with observation neither shall they
say lo here or lo there for behold the
kingdom of God is within you I held my
breath I leaned in close trying to read
more of the words this had to be it
didn't it this had to be what I was
looking for the photograph of Ellen here
the seated Queen like Queen Olinda maybe
an open book with the word kingdom in it
it couldn't all be coincidence this had
to be the clue that Jane had said
there'd be but what did it mean what I
went on gazing so intent I felt that I
might almost fall right into the picture
but all at once I snapped back into
myself my sense of dread returned to me
stronger from my having forgotten it
I turned quickly to survey the gallery
to make sure no one was creeping up on
me no one was in fact I was all alone
here now the Japanese couple had left
there was no one else in sight there
wasn't even a museum guard it felt
eerily deserted I heard footsteps
approaching from the far hall I felt a
chill go through me Sara it couldn't be
but it didn't matter I was too nervous
now I couldn't stay there I hurried out
the nearer door came into a broad sunlit
stairwell went down a winding flight and
found the bridge way there were a few
people here walking to the next building
I joined them looking back over my
shoulder as I went down another flight
of winding stairs to the ground floor
into a bra
atrium encased in glass and striped with
beams of light
there were exit doors on either side to
the panorama of the city to the east and
out to the fountains in the museum
courtyard to the west I don't know
whether it was superstition or phobia or
a sixth sense but I felt danger closing
in on me
I chose away I hurried through the
sunbeams toward the eastern exit and
there he was Sara coming toward me
coming for me cats eyes bright cats
mouths open on a toothy grin walking
with purpose straight my way he was
three steps from the door no more than
that I froze should I run where would I
go could I escape him he took another
step another he was at the door then his
smile went out like a light and the
light in his eyes went out as well he
was looking over my shoulder looking
past me I turned followed that look two
people a man and a woman were
approaching the atrium from the West
coming toward the door with three jets
of a fountain springing high into the
air behind him they were walking with
just as much purpose as Sara and like
Sara they were walking straight toward
me
the man was shortish white he seemed to
have been assembled out of blocks his
head torso arms and legs were all cuboid
even his thin mustache was rectangular
the woman was black a head taller than
the man and big around 250 maybe 300
pounds she had a smooth almost
featureless face oval a wry expression
stuck on the corner of her lips
suspicion implanted permanently in her
eyes I knew who they were what they were
in a flash police detectives looking for
me
looking for a suspect in the murder of
Sean Gunther I turned back to the
eastern door Sara was gone he'd seen the
cops and run for it that way was open I
rushed to it threading between two
tourists who were in my way it occurred
to me that I was making myself a
fugitive but what could I do if I talked
to the cops or Rosco would have me
killed
I pushed out into the daylight looking
back over my shoulder I saw Sir Erebus
charging at me his sword upraised lady
Beth array screamed my name Austin I
turned toward her and saw Arabists too
guards just cresting the stairs down the
hallway their swords drawn they were
driving toward us one just behind the
other I still had my silver sword in my
hand
Olinda smagin sword I still had my
mercurial Armour on me but any small
knowledge I had gleamed from those
internet videos well that had been blown
completely out of my head by the
whirlwind of troubles I was in and the
sudden shock of this latest transition I
turned back to Arabist already too late
he was right on top of me bringing his
sword down from on high in a killing
stroke his handsome bearded face was
contorted into ugliness by his murderous
rage in fact it was his murderous rage
that saved me he was so furious and he
had me there so helpless at his mercy
that he didn't even bother to use his
famous sword fight mastery he simply
brought the edge of the blade whipping
at my neck as if to swipe my head off on
pure instinct I dropped down low went
almost to my knee before I stumbled and
fell on one hand not only did the sword
stroke sweep right over me but Sir
Arabist kept coming with the force of
his charge and tripped over my legs and
fell headlong on the faded carpet
I used the moment to leap to my feet I
swung around to face him I saw a lady
bether a pinned and terror against the
wall beside a slender vaz set on a tall
pedestal there she watched helplessly as
first one burly guard and then the other
came rushing past her to get at me they
were already close but they weren't
prepared for Arabists fall guard one
nearly stepped on the captain's hand
where it lay stretched out on the runner
trying to dance around it he lost his
balance and came stumbling toward me I
killed him
it was the most shocking moment of my
life more shocking than when I first
stepped into Galliano more shocking than
all the mad creatures of this
brain-tumor fantasy world more shocking
than all the dangers I'd faced both here
and in LA the way it happened it was
almost an accident
the thick-set guard was falling my way
still coming on fast
I have lifted my sword and a half
hopeless half attempt to defend myself
against him he stumbled into the point
belly first and I guess I pushed and the
blade went into him into him deep
shocking shocking in the ease of it
in its simplicity shocking in its
completeness and existential finality
the look in his eyes just a few inches
from mine the sudden understanding there
that every dream and hope of life was
over
utterly and then life left him all in a
second I saw it go a whole unique
experience of the world suddenly made
nothing my mind freezed like a broken
machine all Sparks and fragments
flashing thoughts I tried to deny the
enormity of it I tried to tell myself he
wasn't real he was just a character in a
book a hallucination in this whole
hallucinating de Mai was in but I didn't
believe it couldn't I'd seen him I had
seen him die seen his humanity snuffed
out I'd killed him and all I really knew
just then knew all through me knew
without words was that I never wanted to
kill anyone ever again then the other
guard reached me and I killed him too it
was all happening in a chaos out of time
slow motion and high speed at once the
dead weight of the falling guard pulled
my sword down across my body the corpse
slipped off the blade and thudded to the
floor I looked up and my vision was
filled by the roaring face the deadly
blade of guard to attacking he brought
his sword back over his shoulder for a
backhand blow I was out of position no
way to defend myself I was a second from
dying
then the vaz hit him in the head lady
better-a had snatched it off its
pedestal and hurled it at him in a panic
of fear for me she hadn't had time to
put any force behind it the vaz didn't
even break when it struck him it just
thumped him behind the ear and dropped
to the rug but the guard thought he was
under attack from behind and it confused
him he threw his sword up to defend
himself leaving his front unguarded I
brought my sword up quickly and slashed
it blindly across him to say I cut his
throat is not to tell it I nearly took
his head clean off it tilted back
unnaturally as he spun away from me he
spattered the wall with a geyser of
blood and dropped to his knees
there was a brief horror show of
convulsions then he lay still by now sir
arriviste was on his feet the traffic of
the battle had kept him all
balance two men dead and what five
seconds the hall was a jumble of flying
bodies and slashing swords Arabist had
had to roll away before he could stand
then the second guard charging had
shouldered him and he'd staggered
against the wall even now as he steadied
it took him a second to get his bearings
so he could read the situation he was
standing maybe six feet away with the
1st guards corpse between us and the 2nd
guards corpse against the wall lady Beth
Or a wild-eyed red faced her raven hair
wilde had been brought forward by the
motion of throwing the vaz she was
standing a little off to my left
equi distant from the both of us both of
us both sir Arabist and i realized in
the same frantic instant that she was
the key to the battle if Arabist grabbed
her he could use her as a shield and I'd
be helpless we both reached for her at
once but she lunged for me and I got her
I grabbed her reaching hand I pulled her
quickly behind me I let her go and
squared off against the captain we stood
face to face in the broad hallway a
corpse on either side of us Arabist was
angry at the death of his men I could
see that still he smiled he raised his
sword for battle he cooked his free hand
at me come on then he said from the very
start there was no question who was
going to win this fight I was going to
die here I knew it
he knew it too the man was obviously a
master with a blade you could see it in
the way he stood the spring and
flexibility in his legs and torso the
way he held the sword as if it had no
weight the alertness uncertainty in his
eyes and me well I had my magic sword I
guess and the liquid armor that seemed
to move with me like a second skin and
now that we were man-to-man the few
techniques I'd learned from the sword
fight videos came back to me forehand
down to the hand back / up to the face
came back to my memory at least for what
they were worth somehow - I was steady
inside myself more steady than I would
have expected after all just a few hours
ago I had stood paralyzed in my own
bathroom unable to step over the
threshold for fear of coming back here
coming back to this but now that the
worst had
happened now that I was here I don't
know maybe it was some magic in the
sword that strengthened me or maybe all
the terrors I had faced had made me
brave or maybe it was just that Lady
Beth Rey was behind me and I knew I had
to do my best to protect her even if it
meant dying whatever the point is I was
not afraid not as afraid as I would have
thought I'd be anyway all that said I
knew I didn't stand a chance he came at
me and if it hadn't been for some magic
in my armor I'd have been dead in the
first second in a single exchange his
sword was everywhere so fast I couldn't
follow it his blows were a crisscross of
blue white orcs in the air from the very
start he had me staggering backward
awkwardly turning my blade to defend
against his last attack even as his next
attack was coming from a new direction
in the first few moments he scored three
strikes any one of which could easily
have killed me my armor seemed to have
some magic quality that made it flow and
thicken at the spot where it was needed
whenever era vast sword came at me the
metal rose like living water to turn
aside the blade so his first strike hit
me hard on the side and should have cut
into me but the armor somehow made it
glance off harmlessly his second strike
went directly into my left shoulder but
the armor dulled it so a slash that
should have taken my arm off only
scratched me his third strike should
have been a killing thrust but I managed
to twist a bit and the armor carried his
blade away to the side I never got to
use any of the techniques I learned in
the videos not one he never gave me the
chance the only time I managed to hit
him at all was with a clumsy backhand
flick after he'd nearly skewered me and
was off balance it took him by surprise
the edge of my blades struck his chest
but there was no power behind it he lept
back in time and I only managed to take
out a piece of his doublet near his
breast
I didn't even Knick him we drew apart
and faced each other again
I was already completely out of breath
gasping for air behind my mercurial
helmet sir Arabist he was fine calm
breathing easy smiling he had forced me
back down the hall almost to the door of
the bedroom again Lady Beth array must
have still been behind me though I
couldn't see her I had a moment of
clarity then at the end my whole
position came to me austan lively story
analyst Hollywood hanger-on standing
here in armor holding a sword fighting
from my life and the life of a lady in
this gothic pile in a fairy tale Kingdom
what a crazy fucking way to die I
thought then the end came it was quick
and awful Arabist moved in on me light
on his feet
his swords swirling he fainted high with
the blade and I lifted my sword to block
it his sword was already gone from the
spot he had drawn it back and in a flash
he thrust it into me I could feel my
armor rush to gather at the spot and
deflect the blade but there was too much
power behind the blow the point of the
sword pierced right through the liquid
metal the blade sank into me deep into
my flesh I could tell right away he'd
killed me somewhere in the distance I
heard lady Beth or a scream my name
again Austin but I was lost in the shock
of an obscene agony the blade filling my
guts slicing through my guts
I saw Sir Arabists eyes bright with
victory
I heard better a scream my name again
Austin I felt black grief at having
failed her and leaving her here
unprotected but now I was falling
helplessly into darkness and the world
was flying away from me the whole
business of life was fading into a
distant irrelevance I fell and fell
toward the black pool of emptiness that
was opening up beneath me the last
thought that went through my mind was of
Jane Jane away her face her tender
blue-green eyes the children we had
never had a chance to have sara vez
lifted his foot and kicked me off his
sword all the air and all the life went
out of me every thought was gone from my
mind and every feeling gone from my
heart
I was simply toppling sideways into who
knows oblivion or eternity Austin and
still the voice kept calling out my name
it seemed to have been calling for a
long time I tried to answer beth array
but i didn't have the strength austin
Austan listen to me I listened slowly it
came to me
this wasn't lady Beth Rae at all it was
a man's voice very far away Austen damn
it I struggled to open my eyes it was
hard hard I used all my strength but my
eyelids only fluttered like wounded
butterflies before they settled closed
again
Austen you have to wake up okay you have
to listen we haven't got much time
I drew breath gathered myself tried
again my eyelids rose a little just
enough to let in a blur of light an
unfocused figure was at the center of
the brightness I fought to make the
shape come clear it was a face for a
moment I saw it the familiar features
swept back golden hair blue eyes a grand
viking beard moving with the motion of
his lips Austen my eyes shut again but
now I whispered rich it was my brother
can you hear me
I felt his hot breath on my face he was
leaning down over me very close speaking
very softly but very urgently to do you
understand I tried to nod I wasn't sure
whether or not I succeeded the effort
exhausted me I rested a moment then
tried to open my eyes again when I did
there was no one there rich was gone had
I dreamed him and where was I I was too
weak to lift my head and look around but
I turned an inch or so to one side than
the other I saw I was in a hospital room
I saw a TV hanging over me the monitor
dark I saw a window with venetian blinds
morning daylight pouring through the
slats my eyes sank shut Austen I opened
my eyes and my brother was back again
some time must have passed yes the light
in the room was different softer
afternoon light coming through the
windows indirectly how had I gotten here
I couldn't remember I tried to think I
saw Sir Arabists face close twisted in
triumph I felt the obscene intrusion of
his sword I shook my head that didn't
make sense
it must have been a dream everything I
remembered must have been a dream
Galliano
Oh Roscoe another Kingdom soon I would
remember what had really happened a car
accident or something I'd been in a coma
hallucinating I tried to speak I tried
to say what happened to me
what said rich I felt the mattress sink
as he sat down on the edge of the bed
beside me I tried to speak again never
mind now he said just listen to me okay
I don't want them to get to you first I
nodded weakly I drew a deep breath
I felt a little stronger than before a
little clearer I felt the way you feel
when you first break out of a fever like
I had come through a crisis like the
worst had passed I lay still gazing up
at the white ceiling trying to assess my
condition I could tell I was on drugs
pain meds probably everything seemed a
little muffled a little blurred even so
the pain was terrible a sense of hollow
weakness at the core of me nerve ends on
fire as if my entire torso were one big
rotten tooth sir Arabists faced his
sword I groaned and closed my eyes when
I opened them rich had vanished again I
turned my head to look around me the
hospital room was small just the one bed
one bedside table one armchair there was
a clear plastic bag hanging on a pole
the bag was full of fluid a tube ran
from the bottom of it into my arm
there was an electronic device on the
bedside table next to me it had red
numbers on a readout my vital signs the
device beeps steadily it was night now I
could see the glare of street lights
through the slats of the venetian blinds
it was weird
the wait time kept passing I looked in
the other direction
there was a door leading out into the
hallway a man was sitting in a chair
just outside a man in uniform
a cop was he there to protect me or to
make sure I didn't escape I was aware of
falling asleep this time I was aware I'd
slept when I awoke I
Rich's weight on the mattress and when I
opened my eyes sure enough there he was
again morning light was coming in
through the blinds and sharp rays I
licked my crusted lips water I croaked
rich glanced furtively toward the door
toward the cop in the hall
he took a plastic tumbler from the
bedside table it had a cap on with a
built-in straw he held the straw to my
lips I sipped the lukewarm water
gratefully how long I managed to say
then he made a gesture with his hand
pressing down on the air keep your voice
down
you've been here three days he whispered
he leaned closer whispered more softly
do you remember what I told you I shook
my head no I didn't he sighed dammit all
right listen you have to remember this
time they'll be coming back soon they're
going to question you who the police but
don't worry we have lots of friends
plenty of friends high up in the police
department the city the state everywhere
but they can't protect you if you don't
say the right things I looked at him
dully
it was all true then no dream or Roscoe
my family the book another Kingdom there
was so much I wanted to ask him did he
know who a Roscoe was did he know the
man was a mad monster did our parents
know had they always known were they
complicit in his madness what had our
family been up to all these years we're
going to give them Sarah rich went on
and low secret tones Serge has agreed to
it
it wasn't easy let me tell you but I
convinced him Sarah's crazy Serge can't
control the guy any more he has to get
rid of him before he does something that
drags us all down all you have to say is
that you went to visit Gunther about a
book you were interested in while you
were there Sarah came in you had never
seen him before Sarah and Gunther had a
quarrel like a lover's quarrel Sarah was
in love with him but Gunther was only
into women Sarah shot him then Sarah put
the gun to your head and told you he'd
kill you if you went to the police you
were afraid so you kept your mouth shut
but Sarah must have gotten worried you'd
talk
he followed you to the Getty and stabbed
you just tell it like that and you'll be
all right the important thing is you
never mention Serge never he has nothing
to do with this understand it took some
effort but I shook my head I didn't care
what Orosco did to me I was done
covering up for him what are you doing I
whispered the words ground against my
throat like gravel you dad
mom with Orosco the guy's a fucking
lunatic
shut up he hissed leaning closed his
lips red and glistening amidst the heavy
beard don't say his name
don't ever say his name he glanced over
his shoulder toward the open door toward
the cop in the hall then he leaned down
close to me again to whisper you don't
understand anything
he's a great man he's given so much of
himself he's going to transform the
world in ways you can't even imagine I
only had enough strength to bring up one
word murder duh it was a noise of
frustration don't be a small man Austin
I remembered those were Roscoe's very
words don't be a small man this is the
future of the world we're talking about
a new age Riley was bad enough but at
least she's crazy you you think he's
going to let the likes of you get in the
way of global transformation huh I
blinked Riley what did my little sister
have to do with anything if you don't
care about yourself think of her surges
my friend but his patience won't last
forever I was gathering strength to ask
him what the hell he was talking about
when rich suddenly stood up off the bed
the two detectives had come into the
room
the detectives were named Graziano and
lured Graziano was the short white guy
all made up of rectangles Lord was the
big black woman with the bland face and
the permanently suspicious expression
they stood at the foot of my bed rossion
Oh kept his hands in the pockets of his
wrinkled khaki slacks Lord scribbled in
a notebook with a pen which stood in the
far corner of the room impeccable in his
three-piece suit
his blue eyes never left my face okay
just once more to make sure we've got it
right
Graziano said you went to see Gunther
about a book I nodded weekly and this
man came in you never saw him before
Gunther called him Sara I said they
argued this was Laura gesturing with her
pen and just like that the guy shoots
Gunther dead right in front of you yes
and then threatens you said Lord he said
he'd kill me if I called the police I
was afraid but then the next day he
shows up at the Museum and stabs you
anyway said Graziano I nodded again
you're lucky we were right there the
detective went on the doctor said you'd
have died if we hadn't been on the scene
to stop the bleeding even so she said it
was a miracle she said it looked like
you'd been run through with a sword at
it Lord the chances of blade that size
could go through you and miss anything
vital she said it was like it was guided
through this narrow slot between your
stomach and your liver and then somehow
missed your spine said Lord a miracle
Graziano agreed but no I thought it was
the armor queen'll indos magic armor
when it couldn't stop the blade it
guided it through I licked my lips I
don't remember I said the questioning
was over very quickly or at least it
seemed quick to me oddly quick I'd
expected to be grilled like a suspect on
a TV cop show you know come on lively
don't salt our intelligence we know you
killed Gunther I thought they'd go over
my story again and again searching for
inconsistencies challenging me trying to
catch me out but there was none of that
Graziano and Lord had me tell the story
once then once again sometimes I wasn't
sure whether I was telling it to them or
they were telling it to me and I was
repeating it back to them when we were
done they asked a few final questions
then they turned and nodded to one
another I guess we have what we need
Graziano said looks that way said Lord
though the rise suspicious look remained
on her face the whole time it was only
now that it occurred to me drugged up
and blurry minded as I was maybe these
two detectives were some of the friends
Richard spoken about friends high up in
the
lise Department the city the state
everywhere maybe this whole
interrogation was a setup all arranged
in advance Graziano and Laura thanked me
for my help they gave me a business card
and told me to call if I thought of
anything else I wanted to tell them then
they nodded a goodbye to rich and left
the moment they were gone rich moved
quickly to the door and shut it he came
back to my bed and stood over me good
job he said I looked away sneering I was
angry I didn't like lying I didn't like
covering up for a Rosko I didn't want to
be part of any grand and murderous plans
to change the world I only said what
rich told me to say because I was afraid
for my sister and because I didn't know
who to trust well get some rest said
rich and for the first time I thought I
heard something in his tone that might
have been remorse or at least
embarrassment I turned back to him what
happens now
I said hoarsely he averted his eyes you
don't have to worry about that I'll take
care of that won't Sarah talk if he
knows he's taking the fall he shook his
head he still wouldn't look at me what's
in the book rich I asked him another
Kingdom why does a Roscoe want it so
badly he made a vague gesture that was
his only answer my wound was beginning
to throb again I needed some more meds
but I didn't want to get mozzie or lose
consciousness not yet I pressed on
what's Riley got to do with any of this
is she in danger
look at me you bastard is our kid sister
in danger rich gave me a quick and angry
look she's my kid sister too he snapped
you think I haven't had to work to keep
her alive this long keep her for
Christ's sake rich what have you done
what have you all done rich hesitated he
looked like he was about to answer like
he wanted to answer finally though he
just repeated get some rest bro and he
walked out of the room the next day my
mother and father came down from
Berkeley to visit my mother sat in the
chair by my bed she wouldn't stop
talking and couldn't stop fiddling with
her phone
an endless stream of meaningless musing
and gossip came out of her and the whole
time she was thumb scrolling through her
emails and her social media my father
meanwhile wandered around almost
silently examining the room as if there
was something to find under the bed or
behind the bureau he'd answer my mother
now and then with a grunt or a bit of
muttered sarcasm studying the Wardrobe
looking out the window at the courtyard
rambling out into the hall and rambling
back in again and my mother talking all
through I lay on the bed and stared at
them like a dead man staring all of this
was typical of them their typical
behavior and yet today they seemed awful
to me sexless lifeless nearly inhuman
and I always found them awful was I just
noticing it now for the first time my
mother she was thin as a needle flat as
a blacked-out window her body all lines
her face all angles
her lips sharp her cheeks high her eyes
narrow her hair sprung out about her
crown in brittle curls like steel wool
she was my mother
shouldn't she have some soft place to
burrow into just looking at my mother
made me feel motherless and my father
where was the manly meat and muscle on
him his body was like a willow wand a
breeze might have rippled it his
salt-and-pepper hair cut close to his
head seemed solid as a helmet
owl ish musing preoccupied features
sharp narrow glasses they both wore
sharp narrow glasses
they both had those vague distant
distracted stares as I looked at them
that same old moment came back to me
that same memory myself is a little boy
sitting in the back room of our house
creating tableau with figures space
Knights battling monsters amidst the
Stars my mother and father in the living
room talking to my brother I could hear
their voices their lockjaw tones of
intellectual superiority what were they
talking about
I wondered now had I ever known had I
known back then and
forgotten is that why I had escaped into
the still delight of my figure stories
to forget and what about Riley
my little sister a mere toddler crawling
around in the storage spaces behind the
wall panels could she hear their voices
in there did she understand what they
were saying if we want a perfect country
good and nice and fair we have to kill
the Queen I closed my eyes that wasn't
right that wasn't my memory that was
torrid ano & Magdala in shadow wood
describing the revolt in galliano or was
it all the same thing somehow the pain
meds made me feel confused it's not that
I don't feel for them of course my
mother was saying but it is an
institution of learning after all I had
no idea what she was talking about her
words pounded at me like a headache
plus I had a headache does it really
take for janitors to sweep a hallway she
went on if you can save one entire
administrative position by having a
single person push a broom instead of
well really I mean it's all about the
students isn't it too bad there's no
tenure for janitors my father muttered
gazing out the window and who knew what
well that isn't the point at all my
mother said that isn't what I'm talking
about at all and she went on to talk
about whatever it was she was talking
about on and on and on I opened my eyes
and gave them my Deadman stare again my
mother kept rambling at some point these
jobs are all going to be automated
anyhow and then we're going to have to
what is it you to do I asked my voice
was hoarse and weak maybe they didn't
hear me at first or maybe they just
pretended they didn't hear me my mother
went on talking louder I asked what is
it you do for surgeries go my mother
stopped she looked at me as if I had
said something grotesquely rude
my father glanced over his shoulder at
me with an expression
of bemused irony what is it Oh Roscoe
does exactly I said and what part do you
play in it well there's no need to take
that tone sweetheart
my mother said and that sweet heart of
hers clinked like ice in a glass you
work for him too after all
yes what is it you do
my father said with a chuckle as if he
had hit on just the right response as if
he had scored a point against me
the orosco age what the hell does that
mean I asked them my voice sounded like
a corpses voice even to me this perfect
world you're going to make who has the
power in it who makes all the decisions
how many people have to die to make it
happen who said anything about dying
my mother said looking around as if she
might find the culprit crouching in some
corner of the room
don't criticize what you can understand
murmured my father singsong he had
wandered from the window to my IV bag
now he was studying it as if it were a
work of Modern Art in a museum
yes please don't go all wryly on us
Austin my mother said then looking at
her phone she pointedly changed the
subject saying oh here's another
hysterical email from Bert it takes
almost nothing to set him off these days
he sees Nazis under the bed who can
blame him nowadays my father murmured
back I stared from one to the other of
them my dead man stare you haven't even
asked who stabbed me I said that seemed
to stop them both for a moment my mother
stopped talking my father stopped
wandering around but only for a moment
I'm sure the police will sort it all out
my mother said then thumbing her phone
yes the last thing the world needs my
father murmured is more paranoia more
paranoia that night after the aide
cleared my dinner away
I called Riley I got no answer not even
a voicemail recording I sent her a text
than an email no answer
half an hour later I called her again I
got no answer again I turned off the
light and lay in the dark my gut
throbbing they'd given me a morphine
machine for the pain I could press the
button for more meds whenever I needed
to I didn't press it the meds made me
groggy I've wanted my head clear I
wanted to think I thought about Riley my
little black sheep sister with her straw
colored pigtail braids framing her round
baby face don't go all Riley on us
my mother said Riley my brother said was
bad enough you'd think I haven't had to
work to keep her alive this long
I thought about lying next to her in her
bed when she was little
her big blue eyes inches from my cheek
gazing at me like I was an island of
love in her sea of loneliness put Riley
to bed would you darling my mother would
say and I would put Riley to bed and
Riley would say tell me one of your
stories off so I would lie down next to
her and spin one out while she gazed at
me like that like I was an island of
love I phoned her again and texted her
again no answer well it was only 15
minutes since I'd tried her before the
last thing the world needed was more
paranoia I thought of the last time I
had seen her on the video called lying
on her bed on her tummy with her little
girl's body with her white stockinged
feet kicking up behind her and Marco
pimpy Marco with his vulpine smile
sitting next to her his hand on her ass
the bastard my eyes filled the meds they
were making me emotional but also it was
unbearable to think of her as she was
when we were kids tell me one of your
stories off gazing at me from her lonely
ocean inches away to think of her then
and to think of her as she was now with
some man always around to use her and
abuse her and her messed up lost empty
video artist life had she known about
mom and dad and rich into Roscoe had she
listened to them from her hiding places
behind the paneling is that what drove
her crazy because she was crazy there
was no question about that with her
nutty conspiracy theories aliens seeking
to take over the world with the help of
their international human cabal I looked
at the phone still in my hands it
couldn't be about that though could it I
thought her conspiracy theories her
crazy videos Ouroboros dark dreams of
reality that couldn't be why rich had
had to talk a Roscoe out of killing her
could it she is getting too close to the
truth Marco had said we are very close
to exposing the whole conspiracy I
remembered how he had said that and I
remembered how he had lifted his hand
off my sister's butt just long enough to
point to the books on her shelves the
books with purple bindings and yellow
lettering books about UFOs and Templars
and crystals and I straightened up in
bed so quickly my gut seemed to shift
within the hollow wounded place in my
belly the scar there sent up a bright
metallic flash of pain I grimaced my
hand on the place where the sword had
gone in I thought wasn't there another
book on those shelves a big thick book
right in the center a book with a bright
red binding and gold inlaid letters the
exact same binding as the book in Shaun
Gunther's cabinet another Kingdom no
that's ridiculous I thought a false
memory but even as I thought that I was
bringing up videos on my phone I
searched for Riley's video series I
stared down at the phone open-mouthed
there was nothing there no videos not
even a sign there had once been videos
that had since been removed the kooky
chat rooms where people went to discuss
the videos those were gone too even the
Wikipedia page about the videos was gone
it was all gone all of Riley's work as
if it had never existed the only thing
that came up was the Wikipedia page for
Ouroboros though
word Ouroboros I clicked on it an
ancient symbol depicting a serpent or
dragon eating its own tail it said I
already knew that or I had known it at
some point but now that I saw it on the
page I remembered it I remembered how in
her videos
Riley was always surrounded by that
image the circle that was formed by a
snake eating its own tail as I thought
of it it reminded me of something else
too but what I searched my foggy brain
then it came to me the painting of
course the painting of wisdom in the
Getty Museum the one just above the
painting and Gunter's snapshot of Ellen
evermore the one I'd been looking at
just before my last transition there had
been sheriffs in the painting Little
Angels putti they fluttered around the
seated wisdom figure one held a mirror
representing self-knowledge one pointed
at a book his finger hovering over the
word kingdom and one one held a snake
coiled in a perfect circle a symbol of
eternity ora Boris Riley is that what
the clue meant was Ellen evermore trying
to tell me that she had passed the book
on to Riley had she given the book to my
sister to keep it safe from orosco until
I could track it down with trembling
fingers
I called Riley again no answer there was
no answer the next day either and no one
came to visit me in the hospital not
rich not my parents not anyone though
Jane Jane away sent me an animated Get
Well e card with valentine hearts that
rose on the page like bubbles she had
heard about the stabbing on the news she
said she said she had tried to come see
me but the police wouldn't let her in so
for the time being only the cop at the
door kept me company I knew now he was
there to guard me not arrest me I knew
that because Detective Lord and
detective Graziano had told the news
media that I wasn't a suspect they
hadn't named me and they hadn't revealed
that I was the same man who had been
stabbed at the Getty in an apparently
random and unconnected incident they
just said they had interviewed the man
woman in the security photo taken at
Gunther's gate and they were no longer
considered suspects the reporters didn't
ask much more about it that was it
I'd been cleared cleared and forgotten
just like that just as quickly as
Riley's videos had vanished how powerful
was Orosco anyway how high how far how
wide did his influence reach
this has been another Kingdom by Andrew
Klavan
performed by Michael Knowles
you
