man I don't know what happened over this
Clavin this weekend but I turned on the
TV and on CNN there were all these women
in gay men getting super emotional
here's a sample his name was private
Emanuel Mensa and he immigrated from
Ghana a country Donald Trump apparently
thinks produces very subpar immigrants I
I don't know why but the president
doesn't know I was there when a five
year old boy named Mon Li was rescued
after being buried for more than seven
days do you know what strength it takes
to survive
on rainwater buried under concrete a
five-year-old boy buried for seven days
he shouldn't slap your hand hard when
they shake it they look you in the eye
they don't blink they stand tall they
have dignity it's a dignity many in this
White House could learn from those
comments are frankly disgusting this
other language I'd like to use but we
are on television now don't get me wrong
some of my best friends are women and
gay men I'm even married to one of them
I'm guessing a woman and if women in gay
men get a little weepy and over
emotional from time to time hey it's no
problem maybe that's just the way they
are but what's it got to do with the
news I mean apparently they were all
choked up that the president allegedly
used a dirty word to describe some
countries that let's face it our hell
holes that gives the women in gay men at
CNN the SADS because they feel people
from these countries should be able to
come here to America anytime they want
because their countries are hell
hubble's but you shouldn't say their
hell holes because then CNN gets the
SADS my question is this
who cares if CNN has the SADS what's
that to me I mean isn't CNN a news
channel shouldn't they be covering
important issues like the fact that 92
percent of foreign nationals in our
prisons are illegal immigrants and each
one of those criminals had one or more
victims whose life may have been ruined
or even ended by them or than illegal
immigrants take money out of our medical
support systems without having put any
money in or that they take jobs away
from poor Americans shouldn't CNN lips
be trembling and CNN is getting misty
over their fellow countrymen who suffer
at the hands of illegal immigrants and
another thing given that cNN has gotten
story after story wrong recently whether
ooh
saying that Donald Trump jr. received an
email from WikiLeaks on one date when it
was really a different date or saying
that members of the Trump team had ties
to a Russian investment fund when they
didn't or calling Jim Acosta a White
House reporter when he's obviously just
a buffoon shouldn't think triple check
their sources on these stories before
they burst into tears about them the
point is you could be forgiven for
feeling that the people at CNN aren't
really all that upset about Donald Trump
using a dirty word that they're just
trying to manipulate our emotions so
we'll support democrat policies that
make our country worse instead of trump
policies that are actually making our
country better so here's my suggestion
how about from now on on CNN they just
report the facts and if any of their
reporters whether they're female or
homosexual or Chris Cuomo if any of them
get Terry up teary eyed they can walk
off camera and collect themselves and
then come back on and continue to
describe how Donald Trump's immigration
reforms are better than Obama letting
wave upon wave of illegals and refugees
into our country unvetted then they can
go off screen and cry some more or just
go home because no one's watching them
anyway trigger warning on Andrew Clavin
and this is the Andrew Clavin show
all singing
we're back I hope you didn't have a bad
clava last week and I hope you were
listening to another kingdom that's why
it's there to stave off the clave unless
we can go on iTunes we need you we need
your subscriptions we need your 5-star
ratings they help us to resell this and
other ways out and to bring you a second
season because it is only the first
season of the story and it comes to an
end next Friday is our last episode so
please go on and do that I tell you if
you thought you had a Clavin this
weekend in Hawaii you know I worry about
this because you know there's all this
terrible stuff happening in Montecito
where I used to live and I keep getting
these messages on my phone to evacuate
you know get out get out of my house I
think but I'm not there so does that
mean like if there's a mudslide in my
house in LA that it'll be like
everything's fine why
some guy pressed the button that said
there was a nuclear launch and I guess
since they're so close to North Korea
that wasn't funny and for about 30
minutes people were hiding their
children in sewers I shouldn't laugh
it's terrible but at the same time they
didn't fire the guy who pressed the
button they just reassigned him cuz they
said eight you know anybody anyone can
make a mistake
but I mean if it's a button that says
there's a nuclear war coming should it
be like a big red button like with a
glass dome over it and you have to put a
key in and then press a button and then
it scans your eye you know and then
finally the thing opens up and you can
press it it's just sitting there
oops you know I meant to press the press
the one that opens the door to the
bathroom but I set off a nuclear
explosion you know justice insane so
that was that was a true a true clayvin
this weekend you know why Hawaii you
know speak and speaking of watches if
you watch like the one I've got here you
want to go to movement which is spelled
of course MV MT because how else would
you spell movement where are all those
vowels where this it's like you know in
the ocean there's a place where all the
plastic collects somewhere on the
internet there's a place where all the
millennial vowels have gone
yeah but movement its mV empties
movement and the money they save on
vowels they put into selling you
excellent watches at a good price
they're very beautiful watches if you
went into a store might cost you 400 500
bucks but these start movement watches
started just 95 dollars they figured out
that by selling online they were able to
cut out the middleman and retail markup
providing the best possible price it's
got a classic mod design you can see it
right people who notice it that's really
it really is beautiful they've already
sold over a million watches in over 160
countries and you can get 15% off today
with free shipping and free returns by
going to movement dot-com / Andrew let
me spell that for you because otherwise
I don't know how you could figure this
out M V M t.com / Andrew you can spell
Andrew put the vowels in Andrew this
watch has a clean design I really I
really do like it it works really well
now is the time to step up your watch
game go to movement comm / Andrew M V M
T comm / Andrew and join the movement
join the movement alright Michael walls
is gonna be with us later on we're gonna
talk about all these scandals I have got
to talk about this whole thing with
Donald Trump in his his potty mouth I
wrote a story in city journal an article
in city journal it's been getting a lot
of press you can go on and look on it go
to city journal org I think it is one of
the best magazines in the country no
question about it you can get almost
everything they have online even though
you should subscribe but you can get
everything they have online and take a
look at this article because I am I am
really I really feel I'm a polite person
I don't go around and say to people oh
your country's a hellhole or whatever
and and sometimes Donald Trump offends
me with his impoliteness
but I think that weirdly even maybe even
in spite of himself he's doing God's
work and I will explain to you what I
mean the culture the right is really bad
about understanding the culture if you
watch Paul Ryan he thinks if he stands
up in front of a chart with a stick you
know people go ah I see when you cut
taxes and businesses get more money
there are more jobs and profits and
everybody
boat all ships are lifted that's not
what happens but the left does is it
simply creates a web of silence through
using our good manners and because we
are met people with good manners we
don't like to feel that people are
offended by what we say we don't like to
feel that people are hurt their feelings
are hurt we're nice people right all of
us most of us most people are nice
people they don't want to and this in
traps us when they establish what is
nice when they have the power through
Hollywood through the news media through
the Academy they have the power to
establish what the manners are right so
Donald Trump is in a meeting he's
talking with Democrats and Republicans
and he says in an offhanded way why do
we have people coming in from all these
hell holes of countries and he doesn't
use the word hell hole on CNN they've
been repeating the curse word over and
over again even though they never did
that to Obama who also cursed behind the
scenes as all men tend to do they
christened closed-door meetings so Trump
cursed so the CNN is repeating is over
and over again why do so you know what
the word is I don't have to repeat it
you know why are we letting in all these
people from hellholes why don't we have
people from Norway now the thing is we
do not know this happened dick Durbin
said it dick Durbin lies dick Durbin you
know and also what kind of a weasel
little tattletale weasel goes running to
the press the president cursed the
president cares so here so here is the
press and remember the press is just the
information arm of the Democrat Party
that's all it is that they are not
journalists they're not the First
Amendment made flesh
they are the information arm of the
Democrat Party that's who there is
there's not one managing person that any
network I would almost bet all my money
on it
there's not one who decides which
stories go on the news who voted for
Donald Trump not one that means they're
all Democrats they're all on one side
and you only have to follow them they
see what it is but let's take a look at
the way the media the the balanced you
know restrained way the media reacted to
this remark made behind closed doors in
a meeting so this is
yeah number nine the president is a
white supremacist we heard in Charles
Ville our president is a terrorist
sympathizer and our president is a clear
and present danger to non-white people
in America if you are working inside the
White House and your goal is to try to
prove that this is a rational sane
president that this is not a president
who's lost his step mentally if this is
not a president in the early stages of
dementia
that that can't control some of the
things that that he blurts out of his
mouth they're not whole countries for
one Donald Trump isn't their president
and now if we take this an additional
very clear racist thing he's an evil man
you know we don't talk about that a lot
we talk about he's insane and he's crazy
and he says that's evil you know I'm not
surprised that also be honest with you a
lot of this has been rooted in white
supremacy and racism since the very
beginning because we now know that we
have in the White House
someone who could lead the Ku Klux Klan
in the United States of America somebody
who could be the leader of the neo-nazi
and so if you don't think this stuff is
powerful
okay and I've compared I frequently
compare Donald Trump to Randal Patrick
McMurphy who comes into this insane
asylum where the rules seem to be of
benefit to all
and Nurse Ratched seems to be the mother
of everybody and she's taking care of
everybody but it really is creates a
mental prison and because Randall
Patrick McMurphy in the novel and in the
Jack Nicholson film because he's a
loudmouth because he's a thug because
he's not a nice guy he breaks that
mental prison he breaks through that
mental prison and I think Donald Trump
does that whether we agree with what he
said or not but if you don't think this
thing is powerful I just i dint have I
know I've used this example before but
it really is important because it's
happening all over Europe between I
think was 1997 I'm talking off the top
of my head but it's 1997 to 2013
somewhere in there the early 2000s at a
conservative estimate a conservative
estimate fourteen hundred little girls
were raped by Pakistani Muslim
immigrants in England in a city called
Rotherham
they were and they were raped and they
were bred to rape and they were enslaved
essentially and they were going they
were complaining to the police and they
were complaining to the council and
everybody knew it was happening these
are little girls as young as 11 years
old being raped by these monsters and
nobody wanted to say anything because
nobody wanted to be called racist
because it's as much as your career is
worth to be called racist and it's also
just it's uncomfortable no it's a
horrible thing to say about anybody
we've all gotten we've all got it we got
it racism is bad so nobody wants to be
tarred with that brush nobody wants to
be called these names right and so
that's how powerful this is and the
problem that we have the problem that we
have is every time somebody says
something that the left doesn't like
just facts you know that black people
commit proportionately more crime that
Muslims commit most of the terrorism in
the world that women and men are
different than maybe that's why that
accounts for the disparities and their
careers and their pay maybe women don't
even actually care about careers the way
men care about careers maybe they
shouldn't care about careers maybe they
have something more important to do than
a career you know any time you say this
you're accused of some form of bigotry
and you can't say anything and the thing
is once you get accused you start to
argue on their terms and this is how
they win okay this is the point that I'm
trying to get to is the minute they make
the accusation you have to say well it's
not racist because of this it's not
racist because of that this is more
racist that's more race instead of
saying wait a minute wait a minute I
reject the entire terms of the argument
in in Trump's case let's just take
Trump's case for a minute he let's
pretend that he said what he said we
don't even know that he said it but
there's some confirmation we're just not
sure but let's pretend he said it I'll
pretend let's say he says Haiti and
African countries are hellholes and why
don't we have more people from Norway
the leftist contention is that is
inherently racist because the people in
Haiti and African countries are black
and the people in Norway are white okay
now I get attacked from the left and the
right on this okay the right wing
because I don't believe in racism I
believe racism as a scam I believe
racism I believe the theory of racism is
wrong in and of itself okay no they are
saying that because the people in Norway
are
right and their country is nicer than
Haiti it obviously is and because the
people in Haiti are black and the
country is a hellhole which it obviously
is that this is a racist statement now
there's only two possibilities here
one is that race matters one is that the
race you were born with the way you look
matters and if that is true then we have
the right to defend our race in a tribal
way to be supremacist whether you're
black or brown or Asian or white
whatever you are you have the right if
race is what matters about us if race is
the thing that we care about about each
other then we have the right to fight
for our race and when the white
supremacist the Nazis come out and they
say you know well we're gonna fight for
our race that if if racism matters if
racism is true in any way then they have
a perfectly valid point of view that's
why they keep attacking me that's why
the Nazis keep writing me and saying
they put my name in parentheses as their
way of Quays another we're calling it a
Jew you know I mean I can't even respond
to that because I don't use the kind of
language but that's the way the right
attacks but the left does it too right
they say well because Haiti is black and
because Norway is white to say Haiti is
a nicer country to say Norway's a nicer
country than Haiti which it obviously is
is inherently racist the other way of
looking at this is that race doesn't
matter at all at all and this is to me
the only if you are a believer in the
Bible and I am a believer in the Bible
this is the only possible way to look at
it the Bible says that man is created in
God's image and it doesn't just say it
doesn't say man like male it says man
and woman right man and women men and
women are created in God's image if you
don't like the way somebody is made it's
not that what if somebody has become not
what they've made of themselves not what
the world has turned them into but if
you don't like the way somebody is made
then you are insulting the image of God
good luck to you just don't stand too
close to me because when the lightning
hits I want to be in the next block okay
that's fine but that's that is where I
stand where I stand is that look you
know and what people keep sending me
these right-wingers fascists keep
sending me is they keep sending me stuff
see well look at IQ levels and look at
this country and look at that country
look I'm not a scientist and neither are
you
I mean
it's compiling but we don't even know
how long a change it takes to change the
IQ of people I suspect this probably one
generation one generation what we are
talking about is we're talking about
ideas right a nice talk about Islam I
don't care whether the person who
believes in Islam is Cat Stevens or
Muhammad Muhammad I don't care I think
the ideas in Islam are not right I think
they are incorrect ideas about God I
think they are incorrect ideas about
Revelation I think they're incorrect
ideas about women I think their ideas
are wrong so when I attack Islam I mean
I don't attack Islam when I criticize
Islam I'm not criticizing the the race
of the people I'm criticizing the ideas
when I look at Haiti I'm looking at
corruption I'm looking at some of it by
the way by perfectly white people like
Bill Clinton you know I'm looking at
corruption I'm looking at bad governance
I'm looking at bad ideas when I look at
Britain for instance during the
Victorian age I can safely say that the
ideas of the British and the Victorian
age were better than the ideas of people
in Haiti governing Haiti today I can say
that because I can look at the result
when I look at Islam I don't have to
tell you about the fact that I don't
have to say oh there are plenty of nice
Islamic people of course there are but
when I look at places where Islam rules
the countries are worse than other
countries you know that there's a more
unequal they're more violent and more
impoverished there's something about
this that is not that doesn't bring the
human dignity that Christianity brings
and so if we're arguing about ideas and
it's hard to do this then that what are
the people who point to race trying to
do they're trying to keep from talking
about ideas they're trying to stop you
from talking about ideas why why your
left is trying to talk to keep you from
talking about ideas and why is it only
leftist well I'll get to that that's the
next thing I want to talk about it's
only leftist who've tried to silence
people and this is the important thing
but first first let's talk about
Skillshare because it's a new year
you've probably made some reservation
resolutions there are things you want to
do new things you want to take up and
Skillshare is a way that you can learn
new skills online it is a it's a
collection of lessons essentially video
lessons over 18,000 classes and things
like design business technology
photography all kinds of things I looked
i-i've told you I went in to test it out
I looked up the ones about writing I
thought this is good advice I wish I'd
had this advice when I was starting out
instead of having to invent the wheel
myself and I've looked at other things
like how to do a podcast when I did in
another Kingdom and I've looked at
marketing because I'm not a very good
marketing guy and there's these are
videos by experts in their field who
essentially will teach you a class and
the the deal that's on now is really
good it's just in time for the new year
skill share is offering the Andrew
Clavin show a limited time offer of
three months of skill share for just 99
cents which is Austin was pointing out
to me he's actually better it didn't
occur to me him because I can't do math
it didn't occur to me that's better than
what they're offering before which was
one month for free this is three months
for just 99 cents which is let's face it
essentially free to sign up go to
Skillshare dot-com / Andrew 99 Andrew 99
and please go on and do these things
with the the code because that tells
them that we sent you and it helps us to
keep our sponsors which we need go to
Skillshare comm / andrew 99 and you'll
get three months of Skillshare for only
99 cents over 18,000 classes in all
kinds of different skills that you can
develop it's a special new year's offer
you can start learning today for only 99
cents at Skillshare dot-com / Andrew 99
but it's just for a minute think about
the fact that only the left only the
left shuts down ideas know you cannot
name an important person on the right
who wants to silence left wingers it is
only they who shout racist it's only
they who Twitter Twitter's shadow
banning conservatives it aint shadow
banning liberals why is that why is that
why don't they shadow band liberals only
conservatives Google is now being sued
by Dennis Prager an honest man if ever
there was one is suing them because on
YouTube they D monetize his Prager
University videos that are the most
rational straightforward explanation of
conservative ideas they did it to
Knowles the other day Knowles did a
video they D monetized that why why are
they doing it why did they have to fire
James d'amour when he said hey you know
what women may have different
sensibilities and different desires and
different capabilities and may not be as
good at tech or
as as committed to tech as men are they
had to fire him why why do they silence
ideas and we don't you know yet Ben goes
and gives a speech
rioters show up you know five-foot-nine
ben shapiro shows up and they show up
with clubs you know charles murray
another i mean these are guys who these
are intellectual guys of goodwill
christina hoff sommers they meet
violence when they go to campuses why
why it's because they've their ideas are
wrong and they have to keep them in
place because they benefit from them
they get power they get power and they
get money from them so they benefit from
them their idea they keep their ideas in
place by this incredible elaborate
system of manners where it is impolite
to speak the truth
it is so impolite to speak the truth
that in England and other countries in
Europe they allowed little children to
be raped the police and we know what the
police are like they hate this stuff
they hate crime they allowed it to go on
because they were so afraid of violating
this system of manners and so when
Donald Trump comes along who's a rude
guy he's not a he's a poor you know he's
a guy who comes out of Queens with his
business he sits around on construction
sites and he talked to people in the way
that he talked when he does that you
know a guy like me who's kind of courtly
and kind of good as good manners may may
recoil but that's what it sometimes
takes to break the chains the mental
chains that's what it takes to put nurse
ratchet in her place and when I say
nurse ratchet I mean the New York Times
I mean CNN with all those weepy little
guys whether what the hell are they
weeping about why is that news to watch
those guys lips tremble it's just to
make you feel an emotion about one thing
but not about another a little Syrian
boy dies in the sand it's heartbreaking
but it's no more heartbreaking than
planned parenthood ripping children out
of their mothers wombs and selling the
body parts that's also heartbreaking why
are CNN's lips trembling about that it
is all emotional manipulation and
because Trump is kind of a bore and
because he's kind of a blockhead he
breaks through that and that is a he's
doing God's work you know starting
backstage to Knowles and Jay a and I was
saying and I just finished rereading the
biblical story of David
and what a terrible guy he was he was a
warlord you know what a rough tongue and
tumble murdering you know slaughtering
guy who was but that's what it took to
get the job done
Trump is not that he's just a little bit
rude but this is what it takes to get
the job done and turn back the tide of
government overreach we're gonna talk to
Knowles about that in just a minute but
first first turn on your question
generators because tomorrow January 16th
at 5 p.m. Eastern 2 p.m. Pacific we'll
be doing our fifth episode of the
conversation who will be on it I don't
know it's me I'll be on it that me and
the lovely Alicia Kraus will be on it
and not only will all of life mysteries
be answered with 100% accuracy but
you'll also have a special edition of
the conversation to cling to during the
long cold Clavin les weekend's because
another Kingdom is coming to an end and
this is all you'll have left it's going
to be so sad so the conversation will
stream live on The Daily wire Facebook
page and the daily wire YouTube channel
and it's free anyone can watch and
anybody can can hear the wisdom that I
will be doling out but only subscribers
get to ask the questions so here's what
you do subscribe to The Daily wire calm
then as a subscriber you log into the
website daily wire calm you can watch
the live stream and head over to the
conversation page and after that to
start typing into the daily wire chat
box where we'll pull live questions as
they come in and once again subscribe to
get your questions answered by me
guaranteed 100% correct will change your
life on occasion for the better this is
tomorrow January 16th at 5 p.m. Eastern
2 p.m. Pacific
join the conversation Michael goals is
coming on in just a moment but we got to
say goodbye to Facebook and YouTube you
can come on over to the daily wire calm
listen to the rest if you subscribe not
only can you be in the conversation the
mailbag I mean your whole life will be
solved for just a lousy 10 bucks a month
you know I'm not supposed to say this
you're supposed to say 999 no I I'm just
assuming you're smart enough to
understand that 999 is actually 10 bucks
but for a lousy 9999 you get the entire
year and you get the leftist tears
tumblr and there is no getting around
that the leftist tears tumblr is
absolutely essential gear if you want to
drink leftist tears and who doesn't
they're just so
it come on over to the daily wire calm
we'll be talking to Knowles all right
have you gotten all spring him on there
he is nice shirt
James this whole thing yeah there's so
much there's so much nicer to you than
they are the men ad you know they don't
even give me a shirt they just give me a
jacket to cover up my t-shirt I gotta
say this shirt is actually just a
product of my poker winnings
yeah I'd like to talk to you about those
poker winnings some of those Twitter and
Instagram may have seen Drew and I
played poker on Saturday night he
brought over a bottle of wine that said
you can't coexist with people who want
to kill you we had a nice time we had a
few drinks but I
I cleaned house I'm very proud to say
you did you know I have to say and I'm
not making excuses here but it really is
true I wrote that piece for City Journal
and I was exhausted because I also wrote
was writing I'm putting together the
book of another Kingdom and I did that
and I came over and I thought you know
it's so nice to just sit with friends
and just have a couple of glasses of
wine well you took all my money I was
relaxing you were a shark you were you
were and you played brilliantly and you
pulled four sixes I mean it's not like
you beat me with like a bluff you poop
four sixes are pretty good pretty good
in all right you bum that episode 12 is
out which means there's only one more
left one more left I know we're done
we're done
that's my Hollywood career is over ever
want to catch any of it you gotta go
check out another Kingdom you know I am
pitching this again it's already been
turned down by people who have declared
themselves part of the resistance I am
paid they did it they did after the
Golden Globes the people I pitched into
said were part of the resistance all
right like I thought what chance do I
ever have I'm going to pitch this again
so I hope people will show up because it
makes such a difference because I can
turn in the room I can turn to the page
they're almost like seventeen hundred
five-star reviews now if I start rent
ratings and it makes such a big
difference in a pitch because it shows
them that it already works it's really
helpful it's really helpful when people
go over there I said it on my show on
Thursday nothing would please me more in
the new year then you shove a fork right
in Hollywood's eyes it's it's funny
because it's not that conservative but
it is it's just enough to make them real
in their seats it's not
leftist yeah it's just not ideologically
that's it left so that makes it and by
the way I can't speaking of I can't
believe that you're defending Joseph
Stalin art I think we should leave Trump
out as the middleman and just go right
to defending Joseph Stalin a communist
killed twenty million people you know
what well yet starve twenty million
people to that death and that's kind of
like Donald Trump who's kind of rude
right this is flakes law any anti Trump
conservative with if given enough time
will ultimately compare I mean they've
been doing this since he took office
there so because he can't be constrained
by their system of manners they have to
destroy him and they just throw fake
scandal after fake scandal
I loved your piece I really loved your
City Journal piece and it was occurring
to me I thought you know the government
is shrinking if the government is
getting more free I'm getting more free
I get to keep more of my tax money we're
on better footing on foreign policy why
do I care about all these things so I
compiled a list I found seventeen major
scandals these are and these are
according to all of the mainstream
papers according to Wikipedia according
to all of the compilations these are the
biggest scandals from the Trump
presidents seventeen there are 17 of
okay you judge for yourself by if this
is sufficient reason to imperil or
freedom agenda so the first one
obviously there's the big rush of
illusion which Dianne Feinstein said
there's no evidence of and Van Jones
called a nothing burger that's the big
one then on just January 27th president
Trump expanded Obama era travel
restrictions from countries such as Iran
Iraq and Libya and Syria on January 30th
President Trump fired an Obama era
holdover Deputy Attorney General for
refusing to do her job on February 2nd
this is a scandal they these are the big
scandals these took up multiple days of
headlines
these are big enough that in on CNN and
The New York Times and Wikipedia all
left-wing outlets yeah they consider
these at the be complete list of
scandals on February second Kellyanne
Conway referred to the arrest of two
Iraqi terrorists as a massacre even
though it wasn't a massacre was
rest of terrorists on February 12th Jeff
Sessions fired some Obama era US
attorneys totally in keeping with
transition tradition right
on March 4th Donald Trump tweeted that
Barack Obama surveilled his staff during
the 2016 campaign and then CNN later
admitted that they had indeed done just
that but for some reason that was a big
scandal on May 9th President Trump fired
James Comey this was this was the big
one and Democrat Chuck Schumer the the
Senate Minority Leader announced months
earlier I do not have confidence and
Comey any longer but but but apparently
this was a big scandal everyone on both
parties wanted and he serves it he
serves at the president's pleasure right
I mean he has absolute right to fire he
serves at the president's pleasure and
everybody in the government wanted him
fired yes sure because he ruined her
career yes so that was the bets that
that's a really big one on June 1st we
were through from the Paris climate
Accord even though everyone agreed it
would do nothing to help the environment
on August 15th President Trump responded
to the Charlottesville protests that
included white nationalists and anti feh
by condemning hatred bigotry and
violence on many sides later adding
racism is evil in those who cause
violence and its name are criminals and
thugs including the KKK neo-nazis white
supremacists and other hate groups that
are repugnant to everything we hold dear
as Americans finally he said not all of
those people were neo-nazis because some
peaceful non racist demonstrators simply
opposed statue toppling leftists who
wanted to change history that that is
one that is in the top three of the
biggest things it was evil and these
people are antithetical to American
ideals and the trick they the trick they
use is they make a big fuss about it and
maybe four days later somebody looks at
the transcript and says he didn't say
that but by then they're already simply
referring to it they're just st.
Charlottesville you know they're just
they just use it as yeah this is awful
oh yeah terrible terrible remarks and
you look back and he said you know he
didn't actually say anything bad there
you know and yeah there if you look at
everything he said you you get a clearer
picture of the situation but listen that
would be for journalists to do
then oh these are these are really bad
ones on August 16th he disbanded the
American manufacturing Advisory Council
he also disbanded the strategic and
Policy Forum because its members were
protesting the administration then a
couple days later the Committee on the
arts and the humanities how will our
government function by the way without
the President's Committee on the other
the noise he's killing Big Bird big bird
meanwhile is smoking a cigar ISA nagging
HBO but nobody I don't need on August
25th a president Trump pardoned sheriff
joe arpaio for a misdemeanor contempt of
court the injustice on september 29th
HHS director Tom Price resigned because
he used slightly too much money on
private jets on on October 3rd president
Trump compared hurricane Maria to
Hurricane Katrina and he was
subsequently blamed because the Puerto
Rican government squandered all of the
relief money okay on December 6th
President Trump announced that the US
had formally recognized the capital of
Israel as the capital of Israel back
down wait we said is that a scam that's
listed where is that listed as okay it's
listed on Wikipedia and then it's the
controversy is across the mainstream
media because what you might have
forgotten is that a bunch of
anti-semites and the United Nations but
I repeat myself yeah them the United
States for that action wow that's a
scandal huh you know if I if I forget
the O Jerusalem a you know like it's
been the capital of Israel since the
Bible days and that's that's a scandal
that he said that I can't remember its
final one this one is was really bad
President Trump just a few days ago
disbanded the presidential Advisory
Commission on election integrity because
a lot of states wouldn't turn over their
electoral information there you have it
if there are all of this scam buzz all
of the major scandals according to every
mainstream news source and Wikipedia and
all of the online watchdogs and facts
checkers which of those scandals for
which of those scandals
would you imperil the most ruthlessly
effective Pro freedom agenda
in America you know you know it's an
excellent point first of all as you were
listening them I was listening very
carefully
I could hear a couple in there where I
might say oh well maybe he made a
misstep here a misstep there yeah yeah
whatever but but that the atmosphere of
scandal that they have managed to create
by this shit and I was talking about
this this morning you in my opening when
you turn on CNN you go on their lips or
trembling and their eyes are filling
with tears and you sit there like what
do I care if Allison cammarata is crying
well you know it's like go home Allison
you know if you get if you can't sit and
deliver the news and tell us what's
happening in the world without crying
there's no crying and news but they've
managed to create this crisis atmosphere
that something is terribly wrong and
nothing's terribly wrong in fact things
are going quite well I mean these are so
minor like four of those were random
White House advisory boards of rich
people standing right in compared to
Barack Obama compared the level of
scandal to Barack Obama who regularly
and egregiously lied to the American
people in one case to upend a sixth of
the economy who lied about major
terrorist attacks they killed our
ambassadors who lied about gun running
across the Mexican border who lie was it
was to borrow a phrase an empire of life
and but of course that's scandal-free
Obama no drama Obama and in the meantime
Donald Trump just in the first year has
cut the federal bureaucracy massively
HHS by half a percent even defense by
over a percent transportation one and a
half percent justice one and a half
percent energy two and half percent
commerce three percent Housing and Urban
Development three percent on and on and
on all the way up to Treasury which has
been cut by 7.5 percent yeah yeah under
Barack Obama Treasury increased because
he was using the IRS to spy on him I
mean conservatives and harass them it is
all about this it is all about the the
establishing of the power of government
which is the power of the elites which
are these people who are doing this but
it's also about the fact that he
undercuts their authority to decree what
is racist and what is sexist and what is
bad was good I mean they have taken that
authority on their selves on themselves
that's what all crying is about all the
trembling lips it's like we know through
our emotions that a dead Syrian child
more important than a dead unborn baby
you know we can we can tell you this
because we cry about the Syrian child
but we don't cry about that that's how
you know what's right and wrong
and it's just Trump shatters all that
because he doesn't care you know one of
the things is Trump said today yesterday
he said I'm probably the least racist
president you've ever interviewed I
think that there you know look everybody
has racism in the men all this stuff
that's what makes this whole thing so
bad this whole technique so evil but the
fact is what he really thinks about his
money he thinks about money he feels I
mean blacks now have a better employment
record than they've had for I think 20
years and that's and Trump thinks like
what do you want everything else is on
you you know you have a job now go make
your life you know his job to make you
feel good about yourself his statement
is probably true because he most likely
thinks about race the least of any
president that's really recent memory
yeah yeah did you one I mean did I hear
that some people were actually blaming
him for the fact that some bonehead
press the nuclear warning button in
Hawaii that was Trump's fault this was
amazing if you missed this news item
everybody was blaming Trump so a Jamie
Lee Curtis I was blaming Trump and and
and she survived Halloween so she must
know something
Hawaii missile scare is on you mr. Trump
the real fear that you can tell they're
serious by the way when they randomly
capitalize words yes yes they're serious
faces your hubris narcissism rage ego
immaturity and your unstable idiocy you
know if you want to make the world a
better place take a look at yourself and
be the change why is a Democrat state
right I mean what the why is this
Trump's full of course so why there are
like three Republicans in all of Hawaii
and Jim Carrey tweet he said I woke up
this morning in Hawaii with ten minutes
to live it was a false alarm but if we
allow this one man Gomorrah and his
corrupt Congress to continue a Laurie
alienating the world we're heading for
suffering beyond all imagining
well if Jim Carrey says so it must be
true that's all I can say is these guys
they are pretty good at saying words
that other people wrote for them they
were breakdown in evolution I think
because evolution has made us trust our
eyes and they all look so attractive and
you know and they look like they know
what they're talking about but they just
don't I mean that's what some of the
Michael Lowell show today the Michael
Nolt show today is about our hell hole
culture I won't use I won't use the word
story about race and and whether or not
Haiti is a very nice place to live or
not and just examining what Donald Trump
how he stacks up to Barack Obama on
these questions what it matters for
American freedom and American America is
a country and prosperity and Wyatt we
can't blame the culture all on President
cofee Fame
Michael no it was a great segment really
good I appreciate it and listen to the
show it's coming on after this that's
right I'll see you later
and give me back my money all right I
gotta play this one thing before we go
into our crappy culture this this is a
report where was this report from Barbie
world news this is this is how they make
cookies in Haiti they look a lot like
pancakes or cookies the recipe passed
down from generations here in Haiti
women spend entire days making them
grandmothers daughters and younger girls
infants are nurse while mothers work the
mix kids seem to enjoy them at least
when our camera was around but these
patties known as bum bum tears by the
Haitians who eat them are a grim
reminder of just how poor this Caribbean
nation is they aren't sweet they're hard
to swallow and add almost nothing in
terms of nutrition because the cookies
are actually made of dirt I don't want
to laugh at that they're eating cookies
made of dirt
okay and this is a country I think Haiti
has oil I think they actually have oil I
think they have a gold mine and all this
you know it's like these this is not a
racial question this is a question of
governance it's a question of corruption
it's a question of ideas I mean we've
seen in South America we shouldn't just
like not you know in our own hemisphere
we've seen how when you Institute
socialist ideas you can turn a thriving
economy in one generation you can turn
it into a hello you know this is what
makes the difference and why do they
want you know you know the thing that
gets me is this everything the left does
it's like you celebrate Columbus Day oh
the indigenous people you're races you
celebrate Thanksgiving oh the Indians
you're racist you celebrate Christmas
Kwanzaa you're racist everything they do
is all about destroying this culture
that has been one of the most successful
cultures in the history of humankind I'm
talking about Western culture which we
America and now the last repositories
off because Europe is virtually gone
because they opened up their doors to
every buddy people who didn't agree with
them people who don't like them Muslims
who don't share their religion they
opened up their doors Donald Trump is
trying not to do that if he occasionally
says things that I don't like I don't
care it's not a scandal it's not a big
deal the most important thing are his
policies and his policies so far are
working all right let's look at our
crappy culture
so today is Martin Luther King's
birthday which we celebrate and it's
always kind of an annoying holiday to me
because we've just gotten back from
Christmas and the last thing I want is
another day off but we don't get a day
off so it doesn't matter but but you
know I do actually believe that Martin
Luther King was one of the great men of
America and worthy of having a holiday
in his name and sometimes right-wingers
like to point out that oh you know he
cheated on his wife which he probably
did he dabbled with socialism and
communism which he probably did he was
not an economic genius he was not some
guy who really knew what the future was
the fact is though he was a devout
Christian and a Republican most of his
life I mean he did support Kennedy
because Kennedy kind of started God on
the civil rights train it really really
annoys me to see the left steal this
holiday as they do by somehow
proclaiming that it's Martin Luther King
versus Trump it's Martin Luther King
versus the right it's Martin Luther King
versus the people who believe in America
but let us remember the most important
thing I think that Martin Luther King
said and his some of his brilliant
speeches two things I will point out and
I won't play the cuts but I just just to
point out these things he said one is
that he called on America to live out
the meaning of its Creed
in other words the left constantly is
attacking everything about America our
Constitution our Declaration our
founding principles our founding
religion they are constantly attacking
all these things as racist imperialists
you know evil and and but Martin Luther
King did not he called on us to fulfill
the meaning of our Creed the problem
with 1950s and 1960s America was not the
principles that we were living on is
that we betrayed those principles by
cutting out people according to the
color of their skin and we did we did do
that that was wrong it was wrong we know
it was wrong because it was against our
principles it's our principles that he
was trying to put in place not the
principles of the left which have been
antithetical to everything America
stands for and the second thing he said
is that he dreamt of a day when people
would be judged by the not by the color
of their skin but by the content of
their character let
day B this day all we have to do is stop
we have to stop listening to the left
who makes everything about race we have
to start listening to our hearts and our
Bible which tells us that it is all
about ideas it is all about right and
wrong it is all about behavior it's not
about IQ this worship of IQ is
disgusting it is just a form of racism
it's just another form of racism iq can
be changed and the heartbeat is there's
only one of the many gifts God gives to
human beings it is absolutely ugly we
can stop judging people by race today if
we stop listening to the people crying
at CNN if we stop listening to the left
who charges racism at everything we only
talk about which ideas are better no
matter who has them no matter what color
if they come out of England great if
they come out of Norway great if they
come out of Haiti great but if they
don't they don't and we're not gonna
pretend they do just to make people with
different skin colors feel good let this
be Martin Luther King Day let us start
judging each other by the content of our
character by our ideas by our actions
and not at all ever by the color of our
skin or by what somebody might have said
by accident or anything else who's
coming on tomorrow Rob Oh comedian Owen
Benjamin who has been banned I think
he's one of the guys has been banned I
think on YouTube
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show tomorrow is the conversation
as well it's at 5 p.m. Eastern 2 p.m.
Pacific be there we'll talk to you them
the Andrew Clavin show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover technical producer
Austin Stevens edited by Alex zingaro
audio is mixed by mic core Mina hair and
makeup is by Jesuit alvera and our
animations are by Cynthia Angulo and
Jacob Jackson the Andrew Klavan show is
a daily wire for word publishing
production copyright for word publishing
