in their own fact-check they say but we
don't want to draw that conclusion or
anything well we were not comfortable
with the conclusions that were drawn the
reason all this is a problem is because
there's an attempt now to reassert
gatekeeping from the top there's an
attempt that's happening right now in
real-time to reassert the gatekeeping of
news and a lot of this is driven by the
fake news mania that the left has pushed
in the aftermath of Hillary Clinton
losing the election so Hillary lost we
can't just say she lost because she's a
crappy candidate instead we are going to
say the reason that she lost is because
of fake news it's because people are
putting out stuff that was false now
there are stories that are actually
false but they're stories about how
pizza gate was real for example where
there's no factual basis to it
whatsoever okay
that's actual fake news then there's
stuff you disagree with and
unfortunately because the left disagrees
with so much of what the right has to
say what you see very often is the left
actually engaging in a process where
they will shut down the the
dissemination of conservative oriented
news because they're saying it's a
factual or counterfactual that's not
true
that's not true so you've seen there's
been talk about this on some of the
major on some of the major web sites
it's certainly true on Google that how
you search on Google is very different
than the search results that you
received from another web engine like
Bing the obviously twitter has been
downgrading conservatives for a while so
what James O'Keefe uncovered here is
something that's very troubling it's one
of the reasons why for example YouTube
has gotten itself in serious trouble
they demonetized
a video that I did with Dave Rubin the
other day which is the least
controversial political video of all
time they demonetized a conversation I
do with Blair white on transgenderism
which is a very friendly conversation
with a transgender person about the
pronouns that ought to be used in
addressing transgender people that was
demonetized
right YouTube has demonetised a lot of
the Prager University videos so much so
the Prager University is suing YouTube
now is that a lawsuit that can sustain
I'm not sure it can because these are
all private companies but it is
certainly true that we do have a
troubling situation that people should
know about when all of the major ways
that you gain your news are being
curated by a bunch of lefties on the top
who are biasing the news feed in favor
of their own in their own favorite
political beliefs knowing that other
media outlets will praise them for doing
so so good on oaky for doing this and
this is something you should keep an eye
on just because news is being downgraded
by an outlet does not mean
that that news is fake news I mean as I
say daily wire is is it now has these
reviewed claims over at Google guess
what doesn't slate
Huffington Post salon right none of
these have this and none of them CN n
none of them have the the the the
reviewed claims aspect instead they're
just using left wing fact checkers to
fact-check it's not just daily where by
the way its Daily Caller it's the
Federalists it's only right-wing sites
basically
