mr. superhero thank you so much for
being here first and foremost and also
I'm a master student at price thank you
for standing up professor Moore
absolutely isn't the class obviously in
light of everything that's going on at
the moment we all believe rape and
sexual assault are heinous crimes we all
want rapers behind bars but I feel that
in this climate logic evidence and data
are kind of being lost in translation
and also there's a very pervasive you're
with us or against us mentality that's
really doing a lot more harm than good
so my question to you is how can we best
stand up for the importance of due
process and the presumption of innocence
we'll also doing what we can to support
survivors okay so I think that there's
actually a third question that I want to
address that you didn't even address the
first two and then there's a third one
that I think is implicit in the first
two so when it comes to standing up for
due process the answer is that we
actually have to stand up for it even in
cases where it makes us uncomfortable or
even where we believe that the person
may be responsible for something bad
because once you lose due process for
one you lose to process for everybody
obviously when it comes to standing up
for sexual assault survivors I think the
idea that we ought to take everybody's
first account with the respect it
deserves
means not dismissing not downplaying but
it also means asking the proper
questions in order to get at the truth
that doesn't mean intimidating people it
doesn't mean calling people Liars
without evidence that they're lying
it doesn't mean mocking them obviously
god forbid it doesn't mean doing any of
those things I've throughout the
kristinb Lacey Ford thing I kept I keep
saying over and over and over I'm not
calling her a liar I'm not mocking her I
don't know if she's lying I don't know
if she's telling the truth I don't know
if she's misremembering I don't know any
of that stuff all I know is the due
process requires such-and-such to happen
now the the real answer in the end to a
lot of what's happening and here's
here's the really unpopular part with
the left the left destroyed traditional
mores with regard to relations between
the sexes destroyed them wholesale so
the original idea was that men were
supposed to act with honor and chivalry
in protecting women and women were
supposed to look for for example
relationships just as men were sexual
activity was supposed to be confined
this was at least the ideal was supposed
to be confined to committed
relationships particularly marriage not
everybody lived up to that but a huge
number of people did in fact ones people
got pregnant people basically got
married there studies from 1930s 1940s
shows an awful lot of seven-month
marriage babies right people were
sleeping together getting pregnant and
then the couple gets married when you
don't teach men to protect women you get
men who will victimize women and when
you don't teach women that they ought to
cherish men who are responsible and good
all you end up doing is incentivizing
bad male behavior the feminist movement
was not wrong when they said men are
acting like pigs they were wrong when
they said women also ought to act like
pigs and that this is a solution to our
problem because the reverse because now
what's happened is they got rid of all
the traditional mores about how sex
ought to be connected with love and not
to be connected with the relationship
they got rid of all of that it was just
a bodily function now except except when
it comes to actual sexual assault we
treat that differently than any other
bodily function obviously but that's the
problem all right so they they create
this standard where sex is basically a
throwaway item sort of like eating and
then we treat sex very differently when
it comes to what we all know it is which
is a deeply important and intimate part
of a person's life and then we attempt
to backdoor standards of consent that
frankly don't make any sense in a
real-life contact so you get college
campuses in California saying that what
you need is a yes means yes standard
where you have like a like a legal
checklist I guess where every time you
do anything in the bedroom you're
supposed to have some I allowed to touch
your hand am I allowed to touch your
shoulder I'm Allen touch your hair which
has never ever resulted in actual
fulfillment of a sexual encounter right
I mean it's just it's sort of like it's
like Zeno's paradox if you have a yes
means yes standard the closer you get
the further away you are and the riah
and again sex is this is this is where
what women really gave up on marriage a
lot assumed okay marriage was the best
thing ever for women it is an amazing
it's an amazing thing for men too
because it civilize them it cultures
them it teaches them to be protectors of
their family to take care of people and
to think beyond themselves and to think
beyond their generation women gave up in
marriage a way to teach men to do those
things and also women gave up the idea
that a commitment was going to come
along with this intimacy and let's be
real about this I mean every scientific
study ever done has shown that women
actually do have better sex in the
context of committed relationships all
of the crap that you see in Cosmo
magazine about sleeping with a hundred
dies and being sexually happy is just
garbage is just
sheer unadulterated garbage
so no long answer to a short question
but Rhian cohesion of traditional roles
of male and female with the same
feminist respect that we ought to have
for women at all steps of the process is
the answer
