Trump tweets this out North Korea North
Korean leader kim jong hoon just stated
that the nuclear button is on his desk
at all times with someone from his
depleted and food stabbed regime please
inform him that I too have a nuclear
button but it is a much bigger and more
powerful one than his and my button
works amazeballs
ok just amazing Donald Trump likes big
buttons and he cannot lie that is just
that is glorious there is is is it what
can you say except we're all going to
die
so are we actually all going tonight so
the media treated it as though we are
all going to die media treated this as
though it is the end of the world as we
know it and they don't feel fine the
media a lot of pop culture references
today the media has basically went crazy
over this so an MSNBC analyst because
this this actually it poses for analysis
on MSNBC his name is Anand you read
Herodotus is a name for you and he says
that Trump's sexual insecurities are
threatening to destroy the planet so
Donald Trump is very obsessed with his
genital size and therefore he's tweeting
this out and then we're all going to die
so he's in all in with Chris Hayes
talking about again the show is called
all in with Chris Hayes and he's talking
about sexual insecurity on national TV
anyway here is the MSNBC analyst the
famed MSNBC analyst on on gurajada bad
abyss perhaps never have we seen a man
whose profound sexual and masculine
insecurities are literally threatening
to annihilate the planet I mean the way
he's literally capitalizing and that
tweet is nuclear button I mean any
psychiatrist or psychologist would have
a field day with that but we all live in
a world that could literally be ended in
terms of a habitable planet no no it
won't no come on really okay the truth
is no one takes from seriously about
this stuff
no one cares Trump says a lot of crap no
one is it like really is anybody at this
point going yes we're really all going
to die and Ross dude had I thought had a
great points on Twitter last night if
people actually thought that everyone
was gonna die don't you think it'll be
millions of people in the streets
protesting from sweater feed don't you
think that there
like some people going guys this be
crazy right wouldn't there be anybody
who's like oh my god
bilder wouldn't wouldn't all of my
sponsors who sell survival gear be just
doing unbelievably well because of these
tweets they're doing unbelievably well
because they sponsored with me but
wouldn't they be doing unbelievably well
because they survive but because of the
tweets wouldn't that be what's going on
no none of that's happening because no
one takes this seriously okay the
reality is that if Trump's tweets are
gonna have any impact on foreign policy
it's not gonna be because of stuff like
this okay Jimmy Kimmel though he also
goes crazy over this so Pope Jimmy is
Mary Katharine ham has termed him he
comes out he did not have his son on his
hip for this one but he did say that
there are two this is this is just
insane two maniacs arguing over who has
the bigger button he took some time off
he almost seems like a new man he's very
positive tonight just minutes ago he
tweeted North Korean leader Kim Jong
hoon just stated that the nuclear button
is on his desk at all times
well someone from his depleted and food
starved regime please inform him that I
to have a nuclear button but it is a
much bigger and more powerful one than
his
that's wrong Happy New Year everybody
we have two maniacs with nuclear
warheads bragging about who has the
bigger button okay so I love this first
of all I wish that I had pulled the clip
of Willy Wonka saying button button
who's got the button because it would be
so perfect here but in any case Jimmy
Kimmel saying oh it's too many yet but
everyone's laughing right that's the
point people immediately start laughing
when they hear that tweet
they don't go oh my god we're all gonna
die they go that's kind of funny cuz you
know what it's kind of funny it is okay
like Crump saying I have a bigger first
of all that button on his desk it just
brings him diet coke guys okay that
button is not for the nukes right the
phone is for the nukes the button is
just for the diet coke so we can hope
that he doesn't switch the phone in the
button right we hope that he doesn't
pick up the phone and order himself two
diet cokes and people take that as code
