I believe in a creator of yours I
believe that he said certainty
guidelines for human behavior that he
cares what happens to us I believe that
he endowed us with an American sensory
inalienable rights that accrue to us as
virtue of being human but you did
perspective which doesn't really impact
public policy so much one of the reasons
that I think we can have a conversation
is that when it comes to public policy
deceptions that I try as little as
possible to refer to the local types
which means I almost never know mainly
because what wouldn't appeal to
Authority if you don't believe in do I
mean it's it's lazy time so in the areas
where I think we can actually have a
conversation we're not talking about the
value of kashrut
or keeping Sabbath which I think has
very little you know relevant input for
public policy and the kind of social
fabric building that we're talking about
doing something I think is important
where we disagree it is man made in
God's image created taking the premise I
think they got rights endowed us with
the capacity to choose and down us with
the capacity to reason and cares about
what happens to us right so we save
right anymore sitting in our binder well
so what more can do so much unintended
but so I mean so what I'm interested in
is in a worldview that could be rebooted
or rediscovered now I mean just imagine
we lost all of our you know we had a all
the libraries burned the internet went
down and we lost all of our texts how
would someone rediscover this thing now
you I can we can make an easy case that
we could rediscover science and it might
take some time but if the literature of
Judaism in your case were lost
it seems to me Peyton Lee obvious that
whatever is true about reality is still
there to be discovered and if there's
some part of reality that is ethical or
spiritual or divine or spooky it's there
it is there to be discovered by sentient
such as ourselves so what would how
would you reboot religion that the
religion that's true because you are by
accident born a Jew right right and
there's you know there are billion
people in India who weren't at the end I
must imagine that on your account they
have by pure bad luck the wrong version
of this story as long as you some basic
Commandments like don't kill people
don't steal don't eat the flesh and
living out that you actually have a
pathway into heaven Judaism is not
particularly exclusive and we actually
produce conference so it's not quite the
same as some of the other converting
origins as far as what's discoverable I
would agree with you if the Torah where
to search for tomorrow would not be
discoverable which is why there is a
necessity for revelation in the Jewish
field
yeah is that revelation was necessary
not that revelation was unnecessary and
that if people had not been graced with
revelation they would come to this on
their own but the principles you just
gave me you don't think those are two
services on the right to the leaders of
the land and that's the reason why I say
I think that the principles that are
granted through revelation are not
necessarily I think they they parsed the
ground shift historically from certain
ways of thoughts of other ways of
thought like the advent of
judeo-christian thought change the way
of thinking but I think that they are
also things that you can discover
through contemplation for example so all
the things that I said about free will
and reason that's more risk to Tillie
and then it is judeo-christian right and
that is stuff that was essentially
discovered from philosophy not through
revelation so that isn't stuff when I
talk about the necessity for reason I
think that is more relevant now I think
that you two need a religious system in
order to inform people ossifies so I
think notion but is it important to
believe that those good and bad modes
were approved of or discouraged by an
omniscient being I mean can't we just
chart a course toward greater
fulfillment
greater peaceful collaboration based on
just an intelligent analysis of what is
to be social knowledge
the reason the capacity to choose the
capacity to act in the world that these
things exist and that has to be done
based on assumption because you actually
impose some of these things right like
you don't think for a little just yeah
but I also don't think you need free
world to live a moral life right never
really interested depositions together
over by hippies by community to me if
you if you're going to have a
conversation with someone convince them
then we need to agree on the value of
reason the value of reasons not
something that happened one area but how
do you suggest
what is recent evolutionary biology per
se it's a motive a motive action that is
more likely to part from you whether or
not you were living this is not
something they can necessarily be
gathered from scientist about the
universe and reflects
