there should be an FBI investigation
into Christine Ford and her attorneys
and Senate Democrats Monica McClane who
is the former FBI agent and friend of
Christine Ford when Forte's ex-boyfriend
came out and said and instead under oath
he said that Ford helped to coach McLain
on how to pass a lie-detector test I
guess when she was originally
interviewing to work for the FBI
and that was significant because Ford
lied under oath and it also means that
Ford knows how to pass lie-detector
tests she knows how to beat him well now
according to Ford's high school friend
Leland Kaiser McLain called her Kaiser
pressure her to change her story
remember she was supposedly at this
party where this thing supposedly
happened but kaisers been saying the
whole time I have no memory of any party
I didn't know I didn't know Brett
Kavanaugh well according to her this
former FBI agent and friend of Christine
Ford called her to try to pressure her
to revisit her her testimony it's a very
interesting on a number of levels this
is very interesting because obviously it
indicates a potential cover-up it also
reveals that McLain is not just some
random person when Ford's ex-boyfriend
first mentioned her we thought she was
just some random friend we didn't think
there was any significance to the name
but now we find out that she's deeply
involved in all this and also when
McLain denied what the ex-boyfriend said
I think now that denial is suspect
because of how deeply involved she is
okay Chuck Grassley sent the letter to
forged attorneys last night he says I
urge you once again now for the third
time in writing to turn over the therapy
notes polygraph materials and
communications with the Washington Post
that dr. Ford has relied upon as
evidence in light of recently uncovered
information please turn over records and
descriptions of direct or indirect
communications between dr. Ford or her
representatives and any of the following
one u.s. senators or their staffs to the
alleged witnesses identified by dr. Ford
Leland Kaiser Marc judge and Patrick
Smith and three
Debbie Ramirez Julie sweat Nick or their
representatives this is the first time
we've heard anything about for
potentially Ford communicating with
sweat Nick and and Ramirez this is
starting to look more and more like a
coordinated political hit job and if
that's what this is then this is one of
the worst scandals in American political
history
