so let me tell you about what may be the
most important Christmas of my life the
first memory I had of Jesus was this
Christmas when I was a little boy first
of all I was a Jew I was born and raised
to Jew and I was an irreligious to most
of my life so here I am I can't remember
how old five six maybe seven and there's
this tree and we're decorating the tree
and and they had the stencils of angels
where you spray them with make-believe
snow and they'd make little angel
stencils the train would a whistle would
blow smoke out of the locomotive and all
the somebody it was a wonderland and you
looked outside and was snow on the
ground so the end of the evening came
and over this bed was a picture of Jesus
and I looked up at this picture and I
was scared I thought like that is like a
really eerie picture to have hanging
over me all night and I really was
afraid I was was not going to be able to
sleep but in fact it had been such a
long such a an involving day and I had
put so much energy into it that I
basically fell asleep within minutes and
when I woke up it was daylight and I
looked around the room and I remember
this vividly and as I looked up at the
same picture that had terrified me the
night before now that the light had come
the picture was transformed and suddenly
this figure had a aspect that I guess I
would have to describe as holy I mean it
was the aspect of a guardian it was the
aspect of a friend who was the aspect
even of somebody who had shared a joke
with me through the night because why I
thought he was threatening where I
thought he was ghostly in fact he had
been watching over me and that Christmas
has been important to me my whole life
I've tried my whole life in some ways to
recreate it but in some ways by letting
Jesus into my life every day has become
a little bit like that so I hope you're
having a Merry Christmas
and all of us here at the Daily wire
hope so as well have a great holiday
you
