I'm Andrew Klavan and this is a story I
wrote called another Kingdom performed
by Michael Knowles in the last episode
Austin Lively was taken at gunpoint to a
remote mansion there he punched the
murderous gunman known as kitten face in
the mouth and the killer swore to make
him pay but before kitten face could
exact his revenge his boss showed up
billionaire Serge Orosco a man with deep
connections to Austin Lively Orosco
showed himself to be a madman with a
plan to remake the world in his own
image he allowed Austin to live but only
if Austin swore to bring him the book
called another Kingdom and now another
Kingdom Episode eight the stallion and I
had just come through the east from city
gates the horse was still traveling
slowly amidst the crowd of pilgrims and
the cloud of their dust I was still a
little hazy on a Rosco's wine I looked
around me unsteadily peasants and
merchants and a knight on horseback were
all staring at me because I suddenly
realized I'd shouted out in exasperation
to find myself back here again oh shit
as I struggled to come to terms with
this latest transition it occurred to me
that I didn't need all these curious
eyes staring at me especially not when I
was being hunted by the authorities and
still with an arrow shot of the guards
on the city wall I snapped the horses
reins and guided him off the road I
urged him into the surrounding grassland
with a brisk clucking noise trying to
put some distance between me and the
rest of the travelers my mad dinner with
Orosco and the strange story he told me
and yes the fear and the wine were all
still sloshing around in my brain and
really I just wanted to lie down
somewhere and make this whole ordeal
stop for a while I mean what the fuck
you know what the actual fuck I would
have said that this going back and forth
between two worlds was driving me crazy
except well except I must have already
gone crazy err none of it would have
been happening in the first place the
stallion and I had moved a couple of
dozen yards away
from the dense crowd of people exiting
the city when I felt a pinch on my foot
I looked down and saw mod the mutant
rodent had lept up out of the high weeds
and grabbed me and now she scrambled
lightly quickly up my leggings and over
the side of my saddle to take her place
on the pommel again I groaned loudly the
rodent turned to me why what's the
matter what's the matter I wanted to say
what's the fucking matter
you're a fucking rat with a woman's face
that's what's the matter you can talk
that's what's the matter
best case scenario you're the emanation
of a brain tumor and even if I could
cure the tumor and make you in this
entire lala land disappear
I'd only find myself back in la-la land
proper with an insane billionaire and
his gender-bending psycho killer after
me that's what's the fucking matter I
wanted to say nothing I muttered
sullenly the mutant creature nodded
brusque Lee then leaned over to whisper
in the horses ear because of course the
horse could understand what the rat
woman was saying because that's what
it's like when there's a black growth
the size of a cantaloupe devouring your
cerebral cortex - shadow would the
rodents said to the horse huzzah -
fucking shadow would and off we rode I
will say this much for Galliano it was a
haunting gothic ruin of a country seer
and desolate and starkly beautiful once
we broke full away from the others we
rode for hours in majestic loneliness
across a blasted landscape under a
looming gathering dusk solitary leafless
trees bent wearily in the wind here and
there their branches rattling
empty Hut's and broken towers rose on
the horizon grew large as they
approached and grimly hunkered over us
then fell away behind now and then at
some abandoned window in some fallen
wreckage of a fortress or a home or on
some dusty path that once had been a
highway a wide-eyed starveling would
turn to watch us pass the remnant of
what had some time been a man or a woman
I saw the wistful hunger wreathing the
faces of these people as we went by them
they looked as if they have remembered
long for time of human warmth and
connection but that time was gone I
wanted to ask them what happened here
what happened to
this country but the effect of the wine
was wearing off I was exhausted and
didn't have the energy to listen to an
answer I just rode on in silence over
the windswept land as the Sun was
descending toward the horizon we crossed
a long flat autumn Vale in the fading
distance I could make out the front line
of a forest red oaks and orange Elms and
yellow hickories and smoky green
conifers and cool shadowy depths within
is that it I asked the rodent is that
shadow wood yes she told me Torretta
Neos Kingdom we reached the forest at
sunset Maud jumped down and told me to
dismount and I poured off the saddle
like spilled gelatin leading the horse
by the reins I followed the mutant
rodent into the trees almost at once the
mist gathered around us and the leaves
folded over us and the last light of day
went dim we were suddenly moving for a
deep gloom already shading into darkness
Maud scrambled ahead like a squirrel and
quickly blended like a squirrel would
with the tangled latticework of vines
and branches that latticework seemed to
close in on me so that each direction
looked the same as every other the mist
drifted eerily like fingers between the
trees further obscuring the way
occasionally the last red glint of the
falling Sun shot through a gap in the
branches and reached me otherwise the
deep Twilight simply grew deeper as
night came on soon I could barely see a
foot in front of me soon after that the
forest became alive with noises peeper
frogs came out and held their
high-pitched conversations crickets
jabbered and things I couldn't name
moved along the ground rattling the Duff
a breeze coiled through the branches and
they're brittle leaves shivered in the
thickening darkness the forest seemed to
fill with whispers I slowed down looking
around me I was a city boy I didn't like
it here even back home in real life if I
found myself alone in the middle of
nowhere after sunset I got nervous
scenes from horror movies would come
into my mind vampires werewolves ghosts
stupid I know stupid there anyway back
in real life here in
Liyana who could tell there might
actually be vampires and werewolves and
ghosts lurking in the darkness and by
the way where had Squirrel Girl gone I
could no longer find her in the darkness
mod I called it came out as a dusty
whisper my mouth had gone dry I stood
very still
I listened hoping to hear her answer for
a moment there was only the living noise
of the forest but then then faintly
amidst the creature chatter and the
sough of the breeze and the creak of
branches and the rattle of leaves there
came another sound a sound like music it
was eerie uncanny a lingering melody
just off-key it chilled me like a
spectres touch I don't think I had ever
heard a song so strange so utterly I
felt I had lost the power to move I
couldn't do anything but stand there
listening waiting to see what would
happen next
what happened next so held me was this
the eerie melody grew louder I caught
glimpses among the distant trees of
twinkling lights and swirling rainbow
colored clouds the forest seemed to grow
a little brighter
the tortuous shapes of vines and the
skeletal fingers of branches that had
moments before become invisible as the
daylight died began to re-emerge as the
black of night turned indigo the eerie
music filled the woods surrounding me I
could hear it more clearly now pipes and
tambourines and a ghostly choir of
inhuman voices high and wild the sparks
of light and the clouds of light grew
brighter soon these surrounded me as
well the air was fluttering full of
fairies the shadowed woods were dancing
with imps and antlered fauns and satyrs
with their pipes of pan and peak capped
trolls and sentient creatures that I
couldn't name crawling along the Duff
and on the branches in the swirling
mists of light I saw a broad stream
winding toward me between the tree
trunks and out of the water nymphs were
rising like mist glowing nude women of
an ivory perfection that made me swell
with a kind of bold natural robust
erotic desire that was nothing like the
clammy lust I felt leering at the
wannabes on LA's streets or at the naked
girls in my computer it seemed I hadn't
felt like this in ages the
weird weird music played and played the
colored lights glittered and swirled the
fairytale creatures flew and gambled and
danced around me in an impossible vision
of secret forest life and the nymphs
approached and circled me in the rainbow
glow their faces lovely their bodies
exquisitely rounded and soft
I watched breathless as they closed in I
gasped as they touched me some caressed
me some undressed me some took me gently
by the arms and led me to the stream I
could not have resisted them if I had
wanted to I didn't want to
they drew me naked along the banks of
the water we came to a clearing where
the stream gathered in a pool the
fairies and the fawns and the imps and
the satyrs were dancing here as well
with their lights and music the nymphs
took me into the pool the water was
warmer than I expected it was velvety
smooth and soft and only waist high the
nymphs bathed me and kissed my neck and
cheeks and stroked my body until I
raised my face to the stars and cried
out in mindless ecstasy purged of every
dark and dirty thing my weariness was
gone my fear of the forest dark was gone
even my skinned knee and the pulsing
bruise on my head from where sir
arriviste had struck me with his sword
was healed and gone the music played and
I lowered my eyes and gazed in wonder at
the tender faces of the nymphs eddying
around me in the eddying water I didn't
care that there were creatures on every
side who might be watching I didn't care
about anything just then all I knew was
that I never wanted this to end
but now the nymphs gently led me up out
of the pool
into the clearing I felt calm and
satisfied and clean they drive me off
with some soft white wool and dressed me
in my clothes again and my clothes felt
crisp and clean as well
I noticed now that the piping jingling
music of the wood had changed it had
grown steady and rhythmic and ceremonial
almost martial I noticed that the
creatures were slowing in their dance
and now they stopped they stood where
they were and turned to gaze into the
distance I followed their gazes and
looked to where the colour to out glow
ended in the fore
sunk back into the blueblack dark beyond
now out of that darkness there came a
stately procession what I thought at
first was a brigade of cavalry was
coming through the trees in double-file
at a slow march as they grew nearer I
saw they weren't cavalry not mounted men
but centaurs men with the lower halves
of horses and their top halfs muscular
male figures carrying sabers at their
shoulders female centaurs lighter in
color but with the same muscular grace
wrote on the outskirts of the ranks in
attendance on their soldier men they
marched closer and in the midst of them
two figures seemingly all of light
manifested themselves first the darkness
glowed a little in the two places
then each glow expanded then each
congealed into a radiant figure and then
the figures grew solid while still
remaining luminous the figure to the
left was a rotund heavily bearded man
his eyes bright and merry his cheeks red
and his high forehead crowned with
leaves he was in a chariot made of light
and the chariot was drawn by four horses
of light who pawed the empty air above
the ground as they flew along pulling
him after the figure in the chariot to
the right of him was a woman the color
of the moon long and life and
unbelievably beautiful with moon colored
hair and drifting robes that seemed to
flow off her like water that's torrid on
yo and Magdala they ruled the forest
whispered Maud she had suddenly
reappeared clinging by her claws to the
trunk of the tree beside me her weird
woman's face was giving me an ironic
knowing look my cheeks went hot as it
occurred to me she might have been
watching when I was getting it on with
the nymphs in the water but there wasn't
much I could do about it now I turned
again to watch the oncoming parade
escorted by their scent or cavalry the
king and queen entered the clearing in
their chariots of light I have to admit
if this was a hallucination caused by a
brain disorder and let's face it what
the hell else could it have been it was
a damned majestic one the two forest
Royals dismounted and moved hand in hand
to two Thrones of light that had
manifested themselves miraculously out
of the dark at the centre of the Grove
they sat in the court formed around them
nymphs satyrs fawns and peak cap trolls
and all the rest and semicircular rows
at their feet
fairies sparkled in the surrounding
trees like Christmas lights the Kings
voice boomed jovial and mellow show me
the man that apparently meant me the
nude nymphs took me gently by my arms
and led me before the Thrones I stood
before the king and queen squinting into
their light torrid anyo looked me up and
down I could see the smile buried in the
thick beard beneath his twinkling eyes
Magdala his queen examined me too with a
sweet serene regard I was still swathed
in the post-coital calm of my encounter
with the nymphs so I was not as nervous
under their gazes as I might have been
still instinctively I bowed my head to
the to light figures somehow I found I
wanted to please them I wanted them to
like me
the King now cast a look beyond me at
Maud he nodded to her as if I thought to
thank her for carrying out my rescue I
turned in time to see the girl rat shrug
her rodent shoulders as if to say he's
not much I know but he's all I could
find
Torretta NiO laughs - santa claus laughs
so he said and I faced him so you're
Austin lively how crazy was it to hear
this king of silver lights speak my
everyday name crazy but at this point
crazy was my default setting I nodded
yes I'm queen Olinda sent you I raised
my hands helplessly I don't know the
Queen she knows you apparently the
forest lady spoke from beside him her
voice flowed like her robes and her hair
and the important thing is you've come
it was the oddest thing they were
speaking as if everything that was
happening made sense to them as if all
this were real and even normal instead
of impossible and insane and you know
what else was bizarre besides everything
I mean what was also bizarre was that
this conversation I was having now was
no more incomprehensible to me than the
conversation I just had in LA with
Orosco in some ways this this here was
not even as disturbing as that because
it didn't mean I had to reconsider my
entire life and who my parents were and
what my brother did and how I fit into
it all I just had to I don't know except
that what couldn't possibly be happening
was happening but how I asked them
turning from one to the other how did I
get
here that's the wrong question my dear
Magdala said sweetly the right question
said torrid ano with a deep chuckle is
why i raised my hands again just as
helplessly as before alright then why to
find the queen's talisman and deliver it
to emperor anastasius said the king as
if this ought to have been obvious to
anyone so he knows to return from the
eleven lands and restore her to her
throne right the talisman the eleven
lands the emperor anastasius of course
what the hell was he talking about but
why me
I said it was the first of the million
questions in my mind to come tumbling
out of my mouth because there are no
more men here said Magdala no fighting
men Torretta neo said no fighting men of
brave heart and right belief added
Magdala at this I couldn't help but look
over my shoulder again at Madh the
rodent rolled her eyes now I understood
her impatience with me her disapproving
looks that snappy order be a man
queen Olinda had sent me to Galliano
because there were no more men here no
more fighting men of brave heart and
right belief she had sent me me were
they kidding what the hell was she
thinking I was no brave fighting man I
was from Hollywood
no one was brave they're not brave brave
where maybe you died at the end with
nobody watching no one in show business
had to be brave like that you just had
to pretend to be brave while they took
pictures of you pretending that was the
whole job and right belief as I turned
back to the forest king and queen all of
a sudden and for the first time in my
life it occurred to me to wonder what
were my beliefs and the answer came to
me with plummeting nausea that broke
clean through mine in fee and
satisfaction
I had no freaking idea none I believed
what everyone believed I guess be good
be nice be fair sell a script and direct
a movie and become a star so I could
give interviews on TV about how good and
nice and fair I was a brave no men I
said in an ash and whisper the Knights
have all been corrupted by Lord I am
Torretta neo explained with a tone of
sorrow that sounded strangely not so
different from his tone of joy just as
Lord Aion has been corrupted by the
wizard curtain the wizard curtain I
thought in a daze who was he now
I didn't remember that name from the
character list in my computer but I did
remember that spooky raisin faced guy in
the night blue robe who had stood behind
Lord iron during my tribunal whispering
in his ear I guess that must have been
the wizard curtain and as for the men of
the land well you saw them Torretta neo
continued I undo stem into rebellion
with promises of a perfect country
Goodwin nice and fair where each is
equal in all things to another he echoed
the very words swimming in my swimming
brain and Magdala with her majestic
sorrow added they tried to kill the
wisest queen in all the world in the
name of that illusion they would have
succeeded too if my husband had not used
his magic to transport her to another
Kingdom more echoing words another
Kingdom like the book and this illusion
of a perfect country was it anything
like the age of Orosco was it possible
the story of my life in LA and the story
of my life here were the same story
Torretta Nia went on I would have done
more but curtain draws his magic from
the minds of men and grows stronger in
cities where men congregate my magic is
of the woods and I did not have the
power to defeat him on his own ground I
remembered my escape through the dungeon
sewers how I had to focus my mind to
receive the power of tourists Anya's
magic in order to keep the fairy lights
glowing I remembered how Maud had
sparkled from time to time in the
dungeon and grew powerful as the magic
came through her now I understood King
had used us somehow to cast his power
from a distance but its source was here
abruptly the expression on Torretta
Nia's face and Magdala expression too
were transformed from expressions of
sorrowful gravity to those of gladness
and even celebration It was as if in
spite of the poverty and meanness and
cruelty I had seen on the toxic streets
of East Room the horrors of its torture
chambers and the injustice of its
counsel all was suddenly right with the
world and why but our hero has come
Torretta neo declared gesturing with his
alight maid hand toward me I swear
toward me and now Austin lively the King
continued his tone still joyful to give
heart and hope to my people prove to
them you are the one queen Olinda sent
to us by claiming the gift she left for
him as only he can do uh-oh I thought
but the truth is I didn't know whether
to be terrified or relieved I mean
obviously if they were looking for a
fighting man of brave heart and right
belief they had missed their target by
about a mile so whatever tests I was
supposed to pass now was going to result
in some sort of low comic moment of
total failure and on the one hand that
would get me off the hook for whatever
the hell quest me and my brave heart and
right belief were supposed to get
ourselves killed over on the other hand
some of those saber carrying centaurs
looked like pretty rough characters and
I hated to think what their reaction was
going to be when they found out they had
the wrong guy
as Torretta neo spoke he shifted the
hand with which he was majestically
gesturing at me in order to majestically
gesture at something behind me I turned
around to see what it was it was an oak
tree a big one the kind that you find
growing for like a thousand years in
some forest in England or someplace I
hadn't noticed it before
which was kind of odd given the size of
it but there it was now anyway near the
edge of the Grove its trunk was as thick
around as well as the trunk of a
gigantic oak tree I can't actually think
of anything thicker around the net its
branches sprung from it in all
directions and rose into the forest
night and fell to the forest floor like
the legs of an alien spider in a science
fiction film lit by the rainbow light of
the fairies and the silver glow that
emanated from the king and queen its
leaves showed themselves a rich copper
gold that touched me somehow with its
perfection and loveliness this was the
gift Olinda had left for her chosen hero
a big tree what was I supposed to do
with it
hug it put it in my pocket with thanks
all around I glanced Maud words for help
but all the rodent woman did was tilt
her head toward the big tree indicating
I should approach it I approached it got
a closer look it was a big old tree all
right I glanced around me from every
nook in the glowing forest eyes looked
back at me the eyes of the forest king
and queen yes and the eyes of the
Marshall centaurs and their ladies the
eyes of the imps and elves and the
trolls with their peak caps held humbly
in their gnarly hands the eyes of
buzzing fairies hovering all aglow in
the sable air the eyes of fauns and
satyrs with their pipes of pan and most
moving of all the tender eyes of nymphs
with their forms and faces of
heart-melting beauty what would I
have done to please them all those eyes
were staring at me and hope and
anticipation waiting for me to do what
to do the thing that would assure them
that I was who they so desperately
needed me to be and what the glorious
hell was that I glanced at Maud again
her womanly eyes urged me on do it do
what I turned back to the tree it was
still a tree I stared at it the moments
passed nothing happened I felt all the
eyes of the forest on me all their hopes
in me and I did not know what I was
supposed to do well of course I didn't I
was not the guy it broke my heart to
admit it to myself but I just wasn't the
one they were waiting for you only had
to look at me to know it more moments
past more nothing happened it was
excruciating
I was about to turn to them all and
confess the truth but unable to bear the
thought of destroying their hopes unable
to face most especially the thought of
seeing the disappointment the eyes of
the nymphs I hesitated another second
and another finally in pure panicky
desperation I tried the only strategy I
could think of the only trick I'd
learned since I had come here I let go
of myself that is I opened up my mind
like opening a hand and let every
thought of who I was fly free and do you
know what came to me what came into that
empty space where my thoughts of myself
had been that child came that child that
I once was remember that boy of five or
six or so sitting on the floor in the
back room of my parents house sitting
there while my parents and my brothers
talked and my sister explored her secret
spaces sitting there and arranging
plastic figures and stories in tableau
that little boy lost in his own
imaginative universe in an act of
creation in a stillness of complete
delight for a moment just a moment then
I not only remembered that little child
I became him and in that moment I saw a
light a bright pinpoint of white light
shining out at me from deep within the
giant trunk of the giant oak just a
pinpoint at first but then it grew into
a dragon tooth star a pulsing gleam in
the core of the wood and then that gleam
grew grew and spread and became a cloudy
glow that flooded up through the trunk
and out
the very tips of the great oaks branches
and as the oak filled with that ghostly
light its bark and woods seemed to lose
their substance they became transparent
so that standing there amazed I could
see right into the Oaks heart I saw a
sword it was held there hanging there
right in the center of the oaks trunk oh
it was a wonderful weapon compact yet
life and graceful silver white and
gleaming like the light that revealed it
my eyes filled looking at it not just
because of how beautiful it was but
because I could see it I I could see it
the wisest queen in all the world had
left it there for me before I really
knew what I was doing I took a slow
mesmerised step toward the oak and then
another as if the glowing sword in the
glowing tree were a magic magnet pulling
me to itself I lifted my hand reached
out to the oak and then impossibly my
fingertips my fingers my hand my arm
passed directly through the bark and
into the wood I grasped the swords hilt
I gasped as a shock of energy went
through me I heard a gasp a dozen a
hundred gasps in unison all around me a
collective sound of relief and
gratification one single sigh of joy
opened mouth with shock frozen with
surprise trembling with Wonder I watched
as the light of the sword began to
spread up over my arm like Quicksilver
it reached my shoulder in a second and
in another second bathed my whole torso
sped down my legs and up over my head at
once until I was all clothed in it as in
a suit of luminous liquid armor then
with a great electric swish and another
shock of energy all that silver light
was sucked as if through my pores up
into my body there was an enormous flash
and the light went out I was hurled back
from the tree I staggered on my heels my
arms pinwheeling for balance I almost
fell before I managed to steady myself
I stood there dazed a moment marveling
then my mouth still hanging open I
turned to look around me at the king and
the Queen and the waiting creatures of
the wood they were gone the forest was
empty dark the spectral music had ceased
and the sounds of peepers and crickets
filled the night I was alone or not
quite alone you better get some rest
Maude said her
fasal squeak coming from somewhere
nearby we'll have to get an early start
in the morning rest
I thought rest are you kidding me how am
I supposed to but before I could even
finish the thought
exhaustion washed over me like a great
wave I wilted under the weight of it
sinking down to the earth beneath the
branches of the giant oak I lay down
there I curled up on my side in another
second I was fast asleep I woke to find
the first low beam of the Rising Sun
piercing the autumn foliage to touch my
face and the horse the black stallion he
was touching my face to nuzzling me to
get me up i sat up quickly stiff and
shivering from sleeping on the cold
earth I'd blinked and looked around me
at the morning forests bright with light
loud with birdsong my mind was blank for
a second and then then the memories of
the night before crowded in on me you
want to talk about some crazy crazy shit
try my memories serger Roscoe landing in
his helicopter the king and queen of the
forest escorted to the dance of
fantastic creatures by ranks of armed
centaurs a gender-bending assassin
shooting a drunken author dead me
pulling the sword out of the oak and if
all that weren't nuts enough a giant rat
with a woman's face was looking down at
me from the pommel of the stallion
saddle we better get going she said I
left to my feet my heart pounding I
remember the rest of it in LA I had to
find the book or the assassin would kill
me and here in Galliano I had to find
the Queen's talisman whatever the hell
that was going where I asked the
squirrel girl groggily where are we
going you're the hero
she said dryly it's your quest you tell
me I stared up at her on the pommel she
stared back a droll sarcastic stare
never mind that I had pulled the silver
sword out of the oak tree Maud no more
believed I was the hero sent by the
Queen then well then I believed I was
the hero sent by the Queen because the
truth was I had absolutely no clue what
I was supposed to do next and then then
strangely enough I kind of did out of
the jumbled craziness of my impossible
memories one memory suddenly stood out
it was that moment when lady Beth array
had left the witness stand at my
tribunal
she had just finished testifying that
her friend lady cata the woman I was
accused of murdering had told her that I
had gotten her pregnant she had
descended from the stand and walked past
me and she looked at me it was a look
full of betrayal and wounded love and it
came to me in that instant it came to me
like a memory from someone else's life
that I had kissed her some time in the
past I had held her in my arms and
kissed her and we had loved one another
we have to find Lady Beth array I said
she thinks I betrayed her with lady kata
she thinks I killed kata well didn't you
said the rodent woman I felt a flash of
anger and was about to bark at her hell
no but had I I didn't think I had but if
I couldn't remember my love affair with
a lady as spectacular as Beth or a what
else had I forgotten it seemed in coming
to Galliano I had walked into a story
about myself that was already half over
what else had happened to me what else
had I done before I arrived murder I
didn't know well I wasn't going to
discuss it with a big girl read a man
has some dignity after all do you know
where we can find her I asked her Maude
sighed and looked away and shrugged her
rodent shoulders I know her home is
never Dale we can look for her there
alright I said let's go to nether Dale
then and after a few pathetic attempts
to swing myself Eroica lee into the
saddle I finally crawled up over the
horses side and dropped into place and
off we rode long before we reached
nether Dale whatever courage I had and
it wasn't much began to fail me we had
been riding for hours out of the woods
and through the open country I've never
had a good sense of direction but as
near as I could tell we were traveling
at a narrow angle to the line between
the city of East Room and the point
where we'd entered the forest that meant
we were getting closer to the dangerous
city precincts where the guards would be
hunting for me looking to bring me back
to the torture chamber the ruined
Galliano and landscape with its broken
towers and abandoned villages its
withered plains and lonesome leafless
trees it's staring phantoms of one's
human beings a landscape that had had
some ghostly charm when we were escaping
just seemed threatening now as I felt
the east room castle and its dungeons
growing near then we came up over a
low-rise and I saw nether Dale it stood
alone amid blasted trees and weedy
gardens a big looming gloomy place a
great gothic mass of gray brownstone
with frowning Gables and lowering
turrets and Ivy clinging dark around
black windows that suggested a soulless
emptiness within a road of dirt and
broken cobbles with brown grass growing
in between ran from the overgrown
cul-de-sac before the houses front door
and wound off to the vanishing points on
the left and right on the right under a
blue and white sky of swiftly moving
clouds a greenish pall hung over the low
hills I figured that must be the hellish
smoke of East Room the smoke of burning
heretics and traitors instinctively I
drew back on the reins the stallion came
to a slow stop whittling I looked down
over the scene of tortuous naked black
branches and tangled weeds I admit it I
wanted to turn around and ride out of
there as fast as I could I was afraid I
glanced at Maud to see if she had
noticed she had of course she had she
was looking off into the distance
shaking her head with disgust as if she
couldn't believe she'd gotten stuck
babysitting such a wimpish weakling you
and me both sister
I thought let's I started to say but I
didn't know what to say
let's wait here a while
I finished lamely the mutant rodent
snorted I felt ashamed but I wasn't just
going to charge down there like some
gung-ho idiot to prove my manhood to a
giant deformed squirrel
if Flay D Beth Rey was there her husband
Lord iron might be with her and even if
he wasn't with her she wouldn't be
unguarded she thought I had slept with
lady cata and then murdered her to cover
up our affair so the minute she saw me
coming she'd have me under arrest and on
my way to the east room dungeon to
torture and death I dismounted and led
the stallion back down the rise a little
ways so it wouldn't be visible from the
house then I returned to the crest and
lay down to watch the place waiting for
what well I guess to see if I could get
a sense of just how much trouble I was
walking into
that's what I told myself anyway for a
long while nothing happened the autumn
Sun angled down the far arc of the sky
and the shadow of the Gothic man screw
long and dreadful on the stark face of
the landscape now and then I thought I
saw a movement at one of the windows but
the place was so dark inside I couldn't
be sure
maude meanwhile sighed and snorted and
rolled her eyes and ran back and forth
down the hill for exercise and basically
did everything she could to make me feel
like crap thank you very much
as the Sun sank lower and lower I became
more and more convinced that this whole
adventure was a bad idea
very I was just wondering how humiliated
I would feel if I got the hell out of
here when the front door of the dismal
place swung open and out stepped sir
Arabist
shit i hissed pressing myself as close
to the earth as I could Maud scampered
up beside me sitting on her hindquarters
to see what was going on get down get
down I whispered she gave me a glance
full of scorn and stayed right where she
was I watched through the weeds sir
arrow vests red dragon vest blazed
bright against the drab stone of the
house his black hair stirred in the
autumn breeze with his bright eyes and
his handsome young face and his trim
sharp beard he was the very image of a
warrior even though the lumpy given me
had been healed by the nymphs I thought
I could feel it throbbing on my forehead
my heart thundered against the ground
what's he doing here I said he's the
captain of the castle guard said Maud
she didn't even bother to whisper he's
smart and loyal to iron who's given him
everything he has and he's deadly with a
sword my guess is he's waiting for you
what Shh do you want them to hear you
look now two other guards stepped out of
the house and flanked their captain
Aramis gave them instructions the
wordless sound of his voice carrying to
us on the breeze the guards moved off to
walk around the house checking the
windows and doors and looking into the
distance to see if anyone was nearby if
I had pressed any closer to the earth I
would have sunk into it I clutched the
dead grass with sweaty hands what the
hell was I doing here forget the sword
in the oak I was not the right guy
for this kind of work I was a jackass to
have even thought I could handle it hmm
said the mutant rodent beside me I
glanced up at her from the dirt her eyes
had shifted back to the house
I followed her gaze lady Beth array she
had appeared on the small balcony
outside a third floor gable window
seeing her there I held my breath I was
struck to the heart again by her serene
and regal femininity she was standing as
she had stood on the witness stand very
straight very still her hands clasped
before her she was wearing some sort of
white full-length flowing gown belted at
the waist so that her full soft shape
pressed through the fabric God she was
beautiful she gave a brief glance down
at Arabist a glance of pure disdain then
she looked away off into the distance to
her right as if searching the horizon
for someone's approach I looked to and I
saw a cloud of dust on the horizon Maud
I whispered the mutant rodent looked at
me then off down the road the weird
squirrelly eyes and her weird a woman's
face narrowing as if I needed something
to increase my already over brimming
anxiety I saw the line of her mouth
tighten as if with fear what I said what
is it what's wrong she didn't answer
tense is a bowstring I lay where I was
and watched the cloud of dust move over
the rim of the farthest hill it
descended swiftly along the broken road
growing closer larger soon the ghostly
shape of an ornate carriage appeared
within the cloud it was a fine vehicle
drawn by four white horses
it had twining golden trim around the
windows and along the edge of the roof
golden shields and intervals on the
sides and a golden crown on top it had
burnished brown doors with elegant
paintings on them cherubs I think though
I couldn't see clearly from so far away
that's got to be Lord iron right I said
Maud nodded grimly and curtain the
wizard I thought he could only work in
the city
he's strongest in the city but we're not
very far away you sure it's him another
grim nod the driver I turned from her
fearful face to watch the carriage pull
before the mansion door its horses
straining and whinnying in their traces
sure enough there was Curtin he was
sitting up in the driver's seat the
reins in his hands he was unmistakable
in his flowing robe of liquid darkness
with his wizened little raisin face
sporting its Tufts of white hair on the
crown and at the chin from where I was I
couldn't make out the glittering eyes
and the folds of his wrinkles but I
remembered the wicked gleam of them iron
must have a reason for bringing him here
Maude said and not a good one
the next moment Lord iron stepped out of
the carriage I could see his light hair
capping his broad virile figure curtain
descended from the high seat his dark
robes swirling both men stepped up to
greet sir arrow vest I glanced from them
up to the third-floor balcony even as
far away as we were and even with the
afternoon shadows bathing her I thought
I saw Lady Beth Ray's pale cheeks grow
paler it was the sight of curtain I
think I think she was afraid of him she
stared down at the men below her for a
long moment then she swiveled around
quickly and vanished into the house what
are they going to do to her
I asked Maud but the mutant rat girl
only shook her head the two guards who
had searched the perimeter of the house
now returned to the front door all five
of the men went into nether Dale I could
hear the door of the house shut behind
them for the first time since we'd
arrived I felt a fear even greater than
my fear for my own safety I have to go
down there I said Maud snorted at me
with disdain what do you think you can
do I don't know
then what's the point well Jesus you're
the one who's always rolling your eyes
at me because look at you okay I said so
now I'm you know going to do something
yes you're going to get yourself killed
well well don't expect me to wait around
for you she said angrily I don't I said
go
don't think I won't go ahead I will I
got to my feet this is ridiculous Maud
said I don't care who they think you are
but I was already moving toward the
mansion
this has been another Kingdom by Andrew
Klavan performed by Michael laws
