okay so you know this is the case that
he's making people make the opposite
case but one thing that is clear is
though it's not going to destroy the
internet and so cnn's crazed headlines
about this and the democrats craze talk
about this it's a wild exaggeration how
a regulatory issue that had very little
impact on how the internet actually
worked between 2015 and 2017 how that
became a life-or-death scenario just
demonstrates the level of hysteria for
people who really don't understand what
the issue is even on the most basic
level i'm not an expert on that
neutrality i don't pretend to be an
expert on net neutrality but the basic
issue is not about the destruction of
the Internet as we know it yeah it's
just patently insane but Jimmy Kimmel
went off on it and and here here he is I
mean Jimmy Kimmel first of all I feel
like every time Jimmy Kimmel speaks
politics now he should be morally
obligated to bring out his baby to try
it out his child since he obviously
makes emotional appeals on every he
should what he really should if he's not
gonna bring out his own kid that's a
talk healthcare what he really should do
is you should bring out a poor homeless
virgin street urchin who will no longer
be able to access internet at the public
library for purposes of pornography and
he should just drape his arm around him
and then he should say this poor child
will no longer have internet because of
net neutrality he basically did that
last night just without the poor street
urchin again I don't know what qualifies
Jimmy Kimmel to talk about these things
and I'm happy for Jimmy Kimmel to you
know have a debate with somebody who
knows about it but Jimmy Kimmel doesn't
want to do any of those things he just
wants to read Chuck Schumer agitprop so
here he is the FCC did something
absolutely despicable today they voted
to put an end to net neutrality and this
is the rule that says everyone gets
equal access to the Internet a big
company or somebody selling crocheted
owls from their house in the Midwest now
as long as they tell us they're doing it
now internet service providers will be
allowed to slow down or block web
traffic to any website or streaming
service they like which benefits the big
telecom companies and does the opposite
for all of us but I just want to say
thank you president Trump thanks to you
and this jackhole you were appointed to
run the FCC he's the jackal it's funny
it's like comedy it's like he's he's a
jackhole so it's comedy now it's not
just political it's because he said Jack
Hall get it ha ha I love Jimmy Kimmel
speaking on behalf of ABC Disney the
biggest corporation in on planet earth
right I mean
on ABC Disney just bought Fox Fox 21st
century right they just bought it okay
outright Disney is an enormous
corporation and here is Jimmy Kimmel
talking on ABC's airwaves on what is
basically an oligopoly right ABC was
allowed to dominate the airwaves because
it was one of three networks for most of
his history and here he is talking about
all those corporations they're gonna be
controlling everything those big
corporations cuz you know who doesn't
know anything about big corporations is
Jimmy Kimmel right and I love when he
says that like grandma and her crochet
website that's the one that's gonna pay
the price for a net neutrality being
being done away with the whole point is
that Netflix Google you can to propose
it not grandma with her crochet website
don't cares about grandma's crochet
website you'd think that you think that
Verizon sitting around going huh-huh-huh
now we got grandma in the crosshairs
we're gonna make her pay up and she
wants her crochet website up there I got
a double her price what absolute sheer
nonsense I what he's saying doesn't even
make any sense and it neglects the fact
that there are big corporations on both
side of this like we're gonna have a
giant fight Dave Burge Iowa Hawk had a
great tweet on this he basically said I
never thought that the end of the world
was gonna come over the people who
actually provide the content to social
media arguing over who should benefit
from their content provision the ISPs or
the or the companies like Facebook
that's really what it is like the cows
are arguing over who should benefit more
over their provision of the milk the
grocery store the farmer but that's
really all this happening here but it's
just it's insipid and and the level of
ire is totally crazy and P again people
don't know about it like Jimmy Kimmel
doesn't know Dee's talking about here
again I'm not an expert I know more than
Jimmy Kimmel
