you saw this little kid Keaton Jones
this video goes viral but the instant
culture has now taken what used to be 15
minutes of fame
it is now 15 seconds of thing before we
love somebody and then we just have to
destroy that person and move on to the
next whatever it is for those of you who
didn't see it this is
Keaton Jones and the viral video that
we're all so yesterday why why not join
naked people and finding a way to make
me do okay now this is on the one hand
it's heartbreaking to watch this little
kid crying about being bullied obviously
there's something I think in all of us
that just hates bullies there's bullies
are just the the worst we we know we
feel righteous anger toward them
sometimes people don't understand when
they're being the ones being bullied so
all these people on the left or saying
yeah stand up to bullies and by the way
if you don't want to do exactly what I
say I'm gonna shut down your business or
I'm gonna shut down your cake shop or
I'm gonna shut down your your florist
shop but it's heartbreaking it's
heartwarming it's not exactly Man Bites
Dog
you know kids get bullied all the time
that's that's a fact of elementary
school in middle school it isn't going
to change I don't think but okay that's
fine it's very nice as a result of this
video going viral every single celebrity
on earth I believe responded to offer
support so Snoop Diggity dude app
tweeted say little man you got a friend
in me for life hit me on DM so we can
chop it up love is the only way to beat
hate very nice the UFC says hey Keaton
Jones you have friends here at the UFC
buddy today and always stand with Keaton
then Donald J Trump jr. said this boy is
incredibly brave and the video really
got me Dana White if he takes you up on
your offer to see UFC headquarters I
would be honored to host him and his
family at our place if they need
somewhere to stay
Chris Evans stay strong Keaton don't let
them make you turn cold I promise it
gets better
well those Punk's at your school are
deciding what kind of people they want
to be how would you and your mom like to
come to the Avengers premiere in LA next
year that's pretty nice it's a
good Katy Perry says this broke my heart
today please be kind to one another mark
ruffalo little buddy I was bullied as a
kid you're right it gets better you are
my personal superhero you got a pal in
the Hulk Monica Lewinsky said Keaton I'm
so sorry you're being treated this way
you don't deserve an ounce of pain
they'd be lucky to be friends with you
it gets better I'm not going to make any
jokes about that obviously there are
many Ryan Seacrest said Keaton Jones
your curiosity and kindness will
overcome this moment and bring you many
better days to come Enrique Iglesias
heartbreaking to see this keaton you're
strong to say these things and care so
much for others team Keaton I can't go I
mean obviously I was a lot there are
like hundreds more there are so many of
these so it was a little strange it was
a little strange that every single
person with a blue checkmark started
tweeting I'd sent out a little tweet
about being bullied I think everybody
feels some empathy bit for this because
everyone gets bullied and most people
bully too and that's just a fact of
being elementary school and middle
school we have seen this viral culture
before it looks like it's accelerating
though someone started a GoFundMe
campaign that's where you you crowd
crowd fund you raise money online they
started a GoFundMe for this kid it
raised fifty five thousand dollars
I for what what what are they raising
the money for I don't know what what is
the kid gonna spend fifty five thousand
dollars on he's like nine years old or
something but they fund it because we
just feel we feel bad for the kid we
what can I do I can give him money I can
click I can hashtag that's all that's
all that we can do I don't even know if
the kid's gonna get money I don't think
the guy is connected to his family so
anyway it's a little weird but it's
clearly self-indulgent whatever it's
nice who cares but of course we had to
destroy it we had to destroy this poor
kid so they found a photo all of these
internet people found a photo of
Keaton's mother standing next to a
Confederate flag one or two photos of
this he's a kid from Tennessee there
were Confederate flags around so the
left pounced tarik nasheed I actually
couldn't see this tweet because he
blocked me one time I tweeted his own
words at him and he blocked me for it
but I did see this in news
- Rika she'd who I'm not convinced isn't
just a right-wing troll by the way but
anyway a prominent lefty treat me she
says that viral video of Keaton Jones
talking about being bullied is
heartbreaking and I feel sympathetic
toward that child but his mom Kimberly
on the other hand is a suspected racist
who makes a very problematic posts
bullying black protesters that she'd
make problematic post she was standing
next to a confederate flag people
interpret that however they like but she
wasn't bullying people she I don't know
what it means to be a suspected racist I
don't we've get your under investigation
Bob Muller has been appointed to see if
you're you're really a racist I doesn't
mean a whole lot but anyway the more
lefties pounced on this is the brutal
consequence of social media culture and
slacktivism we just need more clicks so
you know when you when you post
something on Facebook or Twitter
you do get a dopamine rush you think oh
well people like this oh I got a light
great oh I'll get another one get
another retweet and and those highs and
those lows have to go more quickly and
more quickly and they have to be more
extreme and more extreme so what used to
be a very long news cycle has an a
become a 24-hour news cycle has now
become an eight hour news cycle and it
all switches over it cuts both ways to
the mother exploited her child and put
him on the Internet and made him go
viral and people are at now exploiting
this child further because we have to
talk about it it's a cultural event it's
a it's a sympathetic story but then we
need a villain we need somebody to tear
down that this story was too nice
without it they did this to ken bone I
don't know if you remember ken bone it
back during the 2016 presidential
debates there was a nice-looking man and
a red sweater with a mustache and he
became an instant celebrity here's Ken
bone what steps will your energy policy
take to meet our energy needs while at
the same time remaining
environmentally-friendly and minimizing
job loss for fossil power plant workers
so he became a meme because he just
looks sort of silly he looks like a
cartoon character so they really liked
him he's so respectful during the debate
he has a serious question he looked
hopeful and so anyway he became instant
famous after he appeared on television
with the candidates but but it was too
nice we can't have that what that that
cycle gets old after a day or two so now
we have to make him into a villain
someone on reddit found out that he had
committed two egregious crimes one he
had looked at the widely published naked
photos of Jennifer Lawrence and that I
think that makes him the only man in
America to ever look at the completely
ubiquitous nude photos of one of the
most beautiful and famous celebrities in
the world I think it's really off it's
unbelievable that they would let that
man back out in public so he did that
and also he posted something on Reddit
and said that perhaps it wasn't murder
for George Zimmerman to kill Trayvon
Martin perhaps it was in self-defense
some of the evidence showed that
perfectly reasonable and so he became a
villain and his reputation was destroyed
just as quickly as his fame came about
former Facebook executives have been
admitting just this effect this came out
today former Facebook vice-president for
a user growth Chamath poly hot bhatia
I'm sure I butchered that said he feels
quote tremendous guilt for creating
tools that are ripping apart the social
fabric of how society works he went on
quote the short-term dopamine driven
feedback loops that we have created are
destroying his society works no civil
discourse no cooperation misinformation
miss truth this is not about Russian ads
this is a global problem it is eroding
the core foundations of how people
behave by in-between each other
Facebook's founding president Sean
Parker criticized the company the same
way he said it quote exploits a
vulnerability in human psychology by
creating a social validation feedback
loop
