fair question to ask is the guy running
so morally corrupt that he can't govern
fair question if that is not true if I
can't or if I can't decide whether it's
true or not I can't see what's true why
are you telling me that Mitt Romney tied
his dog to a car what are you telling me
that maybe 30 40 years ago in a way in a
manner I cannot judge I cannot judge
maybe 30 40 years ago Roy Moore put his
hand on the bra of a underage girl I
mean it's a terrible thing to do it's an
awful thing to do I know how am I
supposed to judge that and why am i am
complicit if you tell me when you're
wrong about so much
if you then tell me this is true what is
the issue that I feel that all of this
is getting away from it's the moral
issue of our time it is the issue of
whether people should be free whether
you and I should be free who makes the
decisions in our country who decides how
the dollar you just made by your hard
work is going to be spent who makes that
decision who decides how your business
is going to be run how you're going to
worship how you're going to exercise
your conscience in the world who makes
that decision is it Barack Obama in the
White House or Donald Trump in the White
House or is it you is it you in
consultation with your priest and your
moral counselors is it you
you know everybody who struggles with
the issue of God eventually struggles
with the question of evil and they ask
themselves why does God permit evil and
the answer always comes back because the
first thing before morality that God
values is freedom he didn't say to Adam
and Eve you will not you will not touch
the forbidden fruit he said you do not
touch it he gave them a command and let
them free to obey or not to obey if
freedom did not come first as implied in
every page of the Bible if freedom did
not come first there would be no evil of
freedom did not come first God would
simply move us around like pawns on a
chessboard freedom comes first and
freedom is under threat by a government
and a country in a country that is this
large the government is going to get
large but it still has to be restrained
and every day every time a guy runs for
office the first question the first and
mo
important moral question is is he going
to make me more free or less free so far
Donald Trump has made me more free he
has cut down on regulations and I'm not
that constrained by regulations because
so far the First Amendment protects me
and what I do but it's matters to my
neighbor he is defending a cake makers
right to exercise his rule it to
exercise his religious rights even if it
makes gives a gay guy the feels and he
feels bad about it you know I support
the gay guys right to live the life he
lives but are these people going to make
me more free is a bigger more important
question and what they're using is
they're using emotion the only let me
give you an analogy it is as if it is as
if you were sitting in the middle of a
nuclear nuclear terrorist attack right
terrorists we're converging on your
building about to set off nuclear bomb
and they found the guy who stole a teddy
bear from a child and they said look
look this guy who's going to stop these
terrorists has stolen a teddy bear from
another child oh what's wrong with you
do you believe in stealing teddy bears
from a child are you going to
participate and be complicit with a guy
who steals teddy bears from a child you
going wait a second this is the guy
who's gonna stop the terrorist attack if
these people are going to keep me free
then you better show me they are
perverse to their core corrupt to their
core and before I send another guy who's
going to take away that to vote margin
the Trump has to pass tax reform to cut
government back to make us more free and
roll back the slow steady growth of
government that has been taking over
this country for way way too long you
are being scanned
