many years ago when I first got out of
college I moved in with my then
girlfriend my now wife into a tiny
little apartment on it in a beautiful
block on the west side of Manhattan we
lived in a brownstone narrow street you
were looking right into the windows of
the brownstone across the street and
after we had lived there a while a young
couple moved into the building right
across from us and they had the kind of
strange habit of making love right next
to the window with the sash open with
the curtains open and they were
incredibly attractive prepare and it was
riveting because it was right it he
couldn't you could not miss it I mean
you when people came over to visit you
have to close the blinds because you
couldn't help but see them having sex
right across the window a night I was
watching them one day and I turned to my
my girlfriend and I said this is what I
can't believe the things these people do
it's it's pornographic and she looked
out and she said well they're only doing
what we do everybody does that we all do
the same things you know that we do all
those things and I realized suddenly
that when you look at sex from the
outside it's pornographic but when you
experience from the inside it's not
pornographic at all usually it's quite
meaningful and full of depth and full of
interest and just full of pleasure and
all kinds of internal experiences and
this is why I believe Alfred Hitchcock
believed there were two things that you
should never film you should never film
people praying and you should never film
people having sex and he never quite
said this explicitly but I always
thought the reason he said that is
because the outer depiction of those
things is not what's going on Hollywood
has used sex to represent love or
represent commitment and represent all
the kinds of things that it does in a
story but that is accustomed us to the
idea that sex itself is just the actions
themselves are meaningful when of course
they're not it's what happens internally
which is true of all the important
things of life it's really what happens
inside you that is giving it meaning and
purpose and that's what makes it so hard
to judge other people's sex lives it's
easy to make fun of people when they do
something that strange like dress up in
funny costumes or you know do some
strange you know thing that doesn't turn
you on it's easy to judge them but you
do not know what's going on and
is why it is always a very good argument
to tell people not to judge others in
their personal lives none of us really
wants to look through the window into
somebody else's personal life
