a huge day in news President Trump
making a very gutsy call on Israel and
Jerusalem
Al Franken finally looks like he's on
his way out the door and serious
controversy still brewing over Roy Moore
in Alabama with Steve Ben and the
execrable getting into office I'll
explain I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben
Shapiro show so as always of late the
news is just coming out of the firehose
and there is an almost no way to imbibe
enough of it to really stay abreast of
it there's so much news breaking so
quickly President Trump about to make a
major announcement on Jerusalem as
Israel's capital long-overdue at least
decades overdue so that's a great thing
Plus Al Franken on his way out I will
explain why that's happening did
Democrats suddenly discover principal
not really but does that excuse
Republicans for having abandoned
principal not really and speaking of
that will talk about Roy Moore in the
latest from down south but first I want
to say thank you to our sponsors over at
helix sleep so as I have said many times
I am not good at sleep great a lots of
things not good at sleep or at least I
wasn't until I got a helix sleep
mattress the way it works over at helix
sleep is they actually customize a
mattress for you go over to their
website and helix sleep comm slash Ben
and you take a quiz and it gives you a
profile you know how much do you weigh
how is what's your body shape do you
like to sleep on your side your back
don't sleep on your stomach do you want
the mattress to be breathable or firm
you know all the different settings and
then they send it to in the mail you
open the box it's a foam mattress when
you unwrap it it just inflates right in
front of you and it's ready to go it's
such a nice mattress that we took a much
more expensive mattress from our room
and we actually put it in the other room
so that we could use our helix sleep
mattress my wife absolutely adores this
mattress everyone who tries it likes it
in and here's the good news if you're
one of the few who doesn't
well you don't lose anything because you
can try it for 100 nights and if you
don't love it they will pick it up and
refund you in full the mattress arrives
direct to your door and a week shipping
is completely free go to helix sleep
calm slash Ben right now helix sleep
calm slash Ben they'll get 50 bucks
towards your custom mattress that helix
sleep calm / Ben for 50 bucks off your
order
again helix sleep calm / Ben and it's
less expensive than other mattresses
because you're getting it online anyway
so it's pretty great so yeah 50 bucks
off again helix sleep calm / Ben for 50
bucks off okay so we begin with
President Trump making a major
announcement it's supposed to happen in
about 45 minutes here it's supposed to
happen at 10:00
and that is in it's an amazing thing
he's supposed to the rumor is should not
just announce that the United States is
view now officially is that Jerusalem is
the eternal capital of Israel but also
that he's going to move the embassy from
Tel Aviv to Jerusalem this is a great
and brave thing to do and I'm gonna give
you a multiplicity of reasons why this
is a great and brave thing to do
by President Trump and not something
frankly that I expected from President
Trump I may be the statement about
Jerusalem being Israel's capital because
lots of presidents have said similar
stuff but not the statement about moving
the embassy because that's always been
politically dicey so the law is and it
has been since 1995 Congress passed a
law and they passed it overwhelmingly
that that said that Israel's capital was
Jerusalem and that it should remain
undivided that law was passed in 93 to 5
in the Senate and 374 to 37 in the house
in 1995 for years the president has been
waving that law Bush did it Clinton did
it Obama did it none of them would
actually build the embassy because they
supposedly didn't want to undercut the
peace process but really what it was
about is they they wanted to cater to
and surrender to the whims of the
Palestinian Authority a terrorist group
as well as other Muslim nations that
were propping up that terrorist group
this was stupid policy so let's begin
with the facts okay Jerusalem is was and
will be the eternal capital of Israel
Jerusalem is only important the only
reason you've heard of it the only
reason anyone cares about it is because
the Jews made it important okay that is
literally the only reason otherwise it's
just another city in the Middle East
there's both the capital of the Kingdom
of Israel and the site of the temple it
was the wellspring of Judaic thought for
literally millennia okay when I pray
three times a day Jerusalem is mentioned
frequently in those prayers both
Christianity and Islam value Jerusalem
because Judaism did first the dream of
Jerusalem has animated the Jewish people
for its entire existence the most famous
case being in Psalms 137 where it says
if I forget the Jerusalem may my right
hand forget it's skill Jerusalem is
mentioned literally hundreds of times in
what we call Tanakh that be the Old
Testament so that includes the Torah as
well as the prophets and the writings
the only reason that it's not mentioned
specifically in the five books of Moses
is because at that time it was actually
two cities one called youru and the
other called shalom and then it was put
together into yerushalayim right it
became one city sort of like Buddha and
past became Buddha past in any case it's
always been the center of Judaic
thinking it's always been the holiest
spot in Judaism
Jerusalem by contrast has not mentioned
one single time anywhere in the Quran if
Jews don't have a claim to Jerusalem and
this is the root of why Muslims want to
declare that Jews don't have a claim
also it's the root of why the papacy has
been really split on Jerusalem right
there there have been Pope's who have
been Pro the idea of Jewish sovereignty
in Jerusalem and then the current Pope
says that it should be internationalized
which is just insipid because if you
have Muslim rule over Jerusalem that
means nobody else gets to come in and
again Jewish sovereignty over a Jewish
holy site seems like the basic the basic
notion is just moral especially since
Jews have maintained the holy sites of
both Muslims and Christians in Jerusalem
if Jews don't have a claim to Jerusalem
they don't claim to anything they've
claims to nothing if they don't claim to
Jerusalem there's no claim to tel-aviv
there's no claim to Haifa there's no
claim to Yaffa
yeah oh there isn't there's no claim to
Akko there's no claim to any other city
in Israel if you don't have a claim to
Jerusalem
hey that's fact number one and Trump is
recognizing an established fact on the
ground number two as I say Congress has
long recognized Jerusalem as Israel's
capital not just in 1995 this year
because you're seeing a bunch of Senate
Democrats now oh how dare Trump how
terrible for president Trump who says
how could president Trump - he's gonna
lead to a conflagration well so he jerks
were saying literally six months ago in
June there was a resolution that was
passed on the floor of the Senate it was
passed 90 to nothing zero dissenting
votes 90 to nothing saying that Israel's
remain it's it's eternal capital is
Jerusalem and it should remain undivided
okay third point recognizing Jerusalem
as Israel's capital recognizes Israeli
sovereignty hey Israel gets to negotiate
on its own behalf it's not up to the
United States or any other foreign
nation to negotiate on Israel's behalf
with regard to its own capital to
understand how important this is imagine
that foreign bodies came in and told the
United States that we had to give up
Washington DC now imagine that
Washington DC wasn't just a city that
was built on a swamp so that we didn't
have to build it inside a state it had
been divinely ordained by God for the
American people okay that's how
important Jerusalem is to the Jews it is
the basis of all Judaic thought and all
Judaic history and people who are saying
they're gonna force Israel into making
these concessions it's immoral
okay Israel gets to make a call on its
own okay recognizing Jerusalem as
Israel's capital will minimize violence
you're hearing a lot of myths today from
the left oh look
it violence terrorism is coming first of
all the Palestinian Authority is was and
always will be a terrorist density Hamas
is was will be a terrorist entity as
Lama ki HOD is was will be a terrorist
entity all of the people threatening
violence today we're anti-semites
yesterday they'll be anti-semites
tomorrow they were terrorists yesterday
and there will be terrorists tomorrow if
it's a day ending and why the
Palestinian Authority is interested in
murdering Jews in terror attacks the
same is true of course of Hamas the idea
that the Jerusalem is the sticking point
in negotiations is just not true one
thing that will happen by recognizing
Israel sovereignty over Jerusalem is
that the Palestinians may lose hope that
they can pry Jerusalem from Israel by
pressuring the United States or
pressuring the west through terror
attack maybe they'll finally recognized
reality and they'll recognize this is
just not going to be part of the
negotiations okay fifth the United
States should not be bullied by
terrorists period anywhere all over the
world the idea that the United States
ever signed off on the Oslo Accords is
ridiculous Israel never should have
either the idea that you're going to be
blackmailed by people that you're they
were gonna say to you you know if you
just give us land then we'll stop
murdering your children blackmail used
to be a violation of both domestic and
international law then it was made into
the centerpiece of American foreign
policy in the Middle East for 20 years
and the centerpiece of Israel
Palestinian policy for 25 years it never
worked
Oslo is a full-scale disaster as it
turns out the person who's trying to
blackmail you wants the money okay they
don't want to turn back over the the
Doug regretting material if somebody
steals the porn off your computer and
then they want to blackmail you because
they have the porn on your computer
their goal is not to give you back the
porn on your computer their goal is to
continue getting money out of you okay
Oslo was always a blackmail deal
anything that blackmail deal is good for
the United States it's not caving to
terrorism also as I say
recognizing reality makes peace more
possible so a big underdeveloped piece
of news that came out last week is that
the Saudi monarchy reportedly summoned
Palestinian leadership and told them to
support a peace deal with the Israelis
not only that that deal would retain
major Israeli settlement blocs prevent
the establishment of a standing
Palestinian army and leave the PA
without Jerusalem as a Palestinian
capital in other words the Saudis know
about this already
everybody is claiming all the Saudis are
so mad the Saudis are not mad the Saudis
knew about this
they were paving the way about this
Jared Kushner over the White House I'm
sure was talking to Saudi Arabia you
know two weeks ago people were saying he
Cal telling to the Saudis now they're
saying he's stabbing the Saudis in the
back is it possible that maybe he was
talking with the Saudis is it possible
that the new anti-iranian alliance
Jordan Egypt Saudi Arabia Israel that
that Alliance is strengthened by this
status being clarified that we can
finally get this issue off the table
then now that this is clear that the
United States recognizes the truth that
Jerusalem is Israel's capital that Saudi
Arabia and Jordan and Egypt are just
gonna have to accept it if they want
this alliance against the Iranians as I
say this also means continuing the
anti-iranian alliance and forwarding the
anti-iranian alliance right in 1991
during the Gulf War George HW Bush faced
a choice Israel was hit by Scud missiles
by Saddam Hussein and Israel wanted to
join the coalition to topple Saddam
Hussein and the or at least you push
Saddam Hussein out of Kuwait and HW said
to the Israelis don't get involved
because you'll fracture our coalition it
was a bad move HW should have said sure
get involved and then he should have
said to the Saudis you don't like it
well then fine deal with it yourself you
don't like Israel being on your side
that's your problem he could have forced
a peace through mutual Assurance he
could have forced a peace through mutual
recognition of common interest and
that's exactly what's happening in the
aftermath of Iran okay so I wanted to
lay out all of those reasons to show you
that what Trump is doing here is not
just immoral it is also smart I also
want to point out here that all of the
talk about how this recognition is going
to cause violence violence in Jerusalem
has long predated any of these
negotiations
let me give you a brief history of
Jerusalem here so you have more
information today than you did yesterday
okay
in 1929 before there was in Israel
before there was Jewish sovereignty over
Jerusalem before there was Arab
sovereignty over Jerusalem it was
British Mandate Palestine right was the
British running Jerusalem and there were
riots in Jerusalem by Arabs against Jews
17 people were killed why because Jews
had the temerity to bring chairs to the
Wailing Wall to the western wall the
second holiest site in Judaism the
holiest site in Judaism is the Temple
Mount Jews are still not allowed up on
the Temple Mount because the Dome of the
rock is up there and the Muslims run it
so Jews will allow Muslims into Jewish
areas but Muslims will never allow Jews
into Jewish areas which is why Jews
should run the place and not Muslims
okay but in 1929 before any of this was
an issue for any of it existed right at
that time the Jews just won
to bring chairs for the elderly and
infirm to the western wall so Arabs
rioted and killed 17 people then they
ride in have Ronan Hebron and they
killed 60 more Jews there's a report
from the British here's what it
described quote Arabs in Hebron made a
most ferocious attack on the Jewish
ghetto and on isolated Jewish houses
lying outside the crowded quarters of
the town more than 60 Jews including
many women and children were murdered
more than 50 were wounded okay fast
forward to 1948 so Israel accepts the
deal the partition deal from the UN the
UN was gonna partition Jerusalem there's
gonna divide Jerusalem instead the Arabs
blockaded Jerusalem cut off all the
roads and tried to basically put the
Jews in Jerusalem the largest most
Jewish city in Israel under siege the
Israelis at the cost of thousands of
lives finally broke through but East
Jerusalem remained in Arab hands in
Muslim hands and not only that so did
the Western Wall so did the Temple Mount
so was everything peaceful was
everything fine when the Arabs are
running it the answer was no of course
because in 1964 while the Arabs were
still running East Jerusalem and Jordan
had sovereignty over East Jerusalem the
Palestine Liberation Organization was
formed that would later become the
Palestinian Authority that was Yasser
Arafat's group in 1964 their stated goal
the full destruction of the State of
Israel from the river to the sea
Palestine shall be free that was their
slogan okay that was well they were
running Jerusalem so anyone who says
that Jerusalem is the sticking point
Jerusalem is not the sticking point in
1967 Israel finally takes over East
Jerusalem and frees East Jerusalem by
the way when I say freeze I mean that
the Arab parts of East Jerusalem are
still run like an Arab dictatorship even
though Israel has sovereignty when I
visited Israel in 2001 this is middle
with Second Intifada when we came out in
East Jerusalem I had to be guarded by
Israeli soldiers hey if you are a Jew
walking from East Jerusalem Arab East
Jerusalem you know life is in danger if
you are an Arab a Muslim walking through
West Jerusalem no problems at all
because that's the way tyranny versus
democracy works by the way Israel handed
back controlled the Temple Mount to the
Islamic walk which is a huge
miscalculation Jews are still not
allowed to pray on the Temple Mount if I
went there and tried to pray I'd be
arrested in 1993 Israel agreed to
negotiate with the terrorists
Palestinian Authority including over
Jerusalem what happened massive uptick
in terror in 2000 at the Camp David
summit Israeli prime minister o hoot
Barak of the Israeli Labor Party offered
Palestinian terrorists Yasser Arafat
control over East Jerusalem and the
Temple Mount itself according to Bill
Clinton ar-15 even submit a counteroffer
he left the table and he started the
Second Intifada resulting in the murder
of over 700 Jews I was in Israel when
the spiral pizzeria was bombed and I
remember walking past the ruins of the
pizzeria in the center of Jerusalem all
of that after Israel had offered East
Jerusalem to the Palestinians in 2008
Israeli prime minister in who dole Marik
offered a new Palestinian terrorist
dictator mouths word Abbas international
control of Jerusalem's Old City which
would include the holy sites not only
that he also offered some of Israeli
lands who make up for the Israeli
settlements that have been built an
Israeli land strip that would connect
the Gaza Strip to Judea and Samaria
Abbas turned it down without a
counteroffer and then launched another
round of violence in coordination with
Hamas and Gaza so all of this talk about
how it's just Jerusalem that if we were
to solidify the status of Jerusalem this
would cause violence no Jerusalem is an
excuse for violence and if Jerusalem
were an Arab hands there would still be
violence because there was when it was
in Arab hands okay so now you have all
the background that you need on this
particular topic so don't believe any of
the mythology Trump is making a moral
move and a politically smart move and a
politically valuable move for American
policy in the Middle East okay so now I
want to move to another topic that topic
of course is Democrats so Democrats have
now decided that Al Franken has to go
it's actually kind of an amazing thing
right there they're now saying that is
seven senators I believe have come out
in the last hour and said that Al
Franken needs to go why because there
was a new allegation with regard to with
regard to Al Franken there was an aide
who said that he tried to force himself
on or they tried to kiss her and then
when she refused then she then then he
said I'm an entertainer and I'm owed
this he denies this allegation doesn't
matter Democrats have decided to throw
him under the bus they're mostly
throwing them under the bus because they
want to push Republicans into a corner
with regard to Roy Moore they want to
say we have the moral high ground
you guys are backing Roy Moore still you
don't have the moral high ground our
Democrats really being honest about this
are Democrats really do they really care
that Al Franken sexually abuses people
not really senator Kirsten Gillibrand
like two seconds ago was saying that he
didn't have to resign I'll show you in
just a second first I want to say thank
you to our sponsors over at stamps.com
so stamms comm is helping you save time
this holiday season it's a great way for
you not have to go to the post office
even like the post office post office is
great but if you
go stand in line at the post office you
want to be able to sit at your desk
prints all your postage you know where's
packages never have to go out and leave
your desk save time before the holidays
then stamps comb is made for you they
bring all the services of the US Postal
Service writes your finger trip tips we
use it here at daily wire and buy and
print official US postage for any letter
any package any class of mail using your
own computer and printer and then the
mailman comes and picks it up they'll
even send you a digital scale
automatically calculating an exact
postage for you and they'll help you
decide the best class of mail too I use
stamps calm because it saves us time and
it saves us money right now you can
enjoy the stamps calm service with that
special offer that includes a four week
trial plus postage and the digital scale
without long term commitments go to
stamps calm click on the microphone at
the top of the homepage and type in
Shapiro that stamps calm Shapiro and you
get again that four-week trial plus
postage and the digital scale no
long-term commitments go check it out
and save yourself some time so kirsten
gillibrand today says al franken has to
go the senator has to leave that's not
what she was saying literally yesterday
here she was talking yesterday I believe
the women I believe that what they said
happened happened and I think there is a
reckoning and I think there needs to be
accountability and it needs to happen
now that I guess I'm telling you I am so
angry and frustrated and I'm not gonna
say that today but it is something that
I'm very troubled about ok so now of
course she says the Franken should step
down so yesterday on the Franken
stepping down now of course she wants
Franken gone and this of course is
because she and other Democrats are
trying to seize the moral high ground
with regard to Roy Moore they're saying
Republicans will back anybody up to an
including an alleged Shah molester but
we won't support Al Franken they waited
you'll notice until two days or the day
after the RNC jumped back in on the Roy
Moore issue right they waited until the
day after and then they say ok we'll
dump Franken over the side so this is
politically motivated but doesn't mean
it's wrong doesn't mean it's immoral but
it is politically motivated and to
ignore that is just foolish you can see
how politically motivated it is when you
look at when you look at another topic
right and that topic of course is John
Conyers so John Conyers said yesterday
that he was going to retire he he said
he was retiring effective immediately
and then he recommended that his son
take over for him so here
john conyers for the record but those
who may not have understood I heard what
you said is that you're very confident
in your legacy you are today at this
time at this moment in this period
preparing for your retirement a date in
which you are not prepared to announce
yes I thank you for helping me get the
sense of focus
putting my retirement plans together and
I will have more about that very soon
and I want everyone to know how much I
appreciate the support
okay so Conyers says that he was
retiring yesterday you notice that the
radio host actually has to prod him to
retire right he forgot on this phone
call that he should retire because he
now old bat them but he also says that
he wants his son to fill in for him so
let me tell you a little bit about his
son okay this just shows you the
political fief domes that exist so when
Democrats say oh we're punishing Conyers
or we're punishing Franken listen again
it's moral that these guys should go I
don't think Roy Moore should sit in the
Senate right and this is not a matter of
I I'm using this as what about ISM I
think more should go I think Franken
should go I think Conyers should go but
you do have to recognize the political
motivations that are at play here John
Conyers is leaving but he's leaving his
son in charge okay if he wants to his
son is John Conyers the third John
Conyers the third is a 27 year old guy
who has literally done nothing like I
literally don't know what he does for a
living no one knows what he does for a
living also he came out he's a big
defender of his dad saying that his dad
originally he said that his father was
completely clean he said it's
unfortunate to see him fight so long for
so many people and to automatically have
the allegations assumed to be true
unfortunately there's also this tape of
John Conyers the third who will be your
new Congress person from the city of
Detroit rapping about how his father was
a player living boy trying to make
history
pick at me again run around like a
jitney date my mama 37 months at that
Center City
I guess grad side know Brett's in the
cultural appropriation and wearing that
hat in any case John Connors deterred
your new congressperson and this just
shows you that politics for so many
Americans has become a fiefdom right
it's not a punishment for John Conyers
to step down Henry the second to step
down and hand his crown over to his son
richard the lionheart all right that's
not actually a thing and what I love
about this is that there's actually an
intern acing battle that's happening
right now right so Conyers the third
wants to take over the seat but so does
his so does John Connors grandnephew so
Conyers three wants to fight his own
nephew for this seat I assume that given
the way that history works John Conyers
the third will eventually take his
nephew throw him in the Tower of London
and have him killed Allah Richard the
third
but that's the way these fief domes work
John Conyers sat in the house for years
because we'd because there's this
tendency to believe and it's very
disturbing there's this tendency to
believe that our politicians are not our
representatives they don't represent us
they're our lords and ladies of the
manor they have their own fiefdom John
Conyers has his own fiefdom right in
2006 he was investigated by the house
for using for telling three staffers to
basically be his personal servants and
babysitters and then forcing them to
work on state and local campaigns he
want 85% of the vote in his district
that year okay a couple of years later
his wife queen queen Monica read King
Conyers in queen Monica she served on
the Detroit City Council and she was
convicted of bribery she spent three
years in jail
okay Conyers himself was involved in
this he reversed his position on the
project that she was bribed to get
through the Conyers one 77% of the vote
in that election cycle and now he's
turning over his seat to his son so this
is how we think of our politicians
they're not there to represent us so you
know we don't have to worry about
whether they provide a good face for our
politics all they do is what we want
them to do and as long as they protect
us as long as they protect us from
invading Nobles then we are happy to pay
them an extra share of our harvest
basically the way we see people like
John Conyers and this holds true on both
sides of al this is why I think that so
many people seem untroubled by all the
Roy Moore stuff they've decided in their
heads that Roy Moore is a fine guy not
because they think he's a fine guy but
they feel like well he's the lord of the
manor
so you know he was taking his droit to
senior with with with a bunch of
sixteen-year-old girls but you know so
long as he protects my values so long as
he protects what I want is that really a
big deal Democrats as I say are using
this logic in order to tear down
Republicans and they're doing it quite
successfully Republicans by the way are
tearing themselves down pretty
successfully on this one they took the
worst possible position they abandoned
more and then they rushed back two more
just in time for this election cycle
after Trump endorsed him and in doing so
they reimbursed all of the worst things
about Roy Moore and so you can see the
Democrats are trying to run a we are the
we are the great clean party campaign
this is their new thing I'll show you
that in a second and I'll show you why
the Republicans are running right into
the teeth of it and it's gonna cause
them serious political harm first I want
to say thank you to our sponsors over at
Skillshare so Skillshare there's a way
for you to make your resume deeper and
better it's a way for you to ensure that
when you come up for a raise your bosses
say absolutely as opposed to losing you
because you're constantly growing your
skillset that's what Skillshare does
they have over three million members
more than 17,000 classes it is the
Netflix for online learning you can take
classes in graphic design social media
marketing digital illustration and more
they're taught by industry experts the
Skillshare classes experienced
professionals it's perfect if you're
looking to build your career or start
the side hustle of your dreams I've
taken both their watercolor class which
has deepened my emotions and also made
me a better painter but more importantly
I've been taking their social media
marketing and SEO classes which has
helped us out over here at Daily wire
Skillshare is giving my listeners a one
month free trial of unlimited access to
over 17,000 classes go to Skillshare
comm / Shapiro to start that free month
today skills shared comm slash Shapiro
to start that free month today go and
check it out once you start learning
you're not gonna want to stop Skillshare
calm / up here I'll make that resume
better make more money create a better
career for yourself that's what skill
shares for skill share calm / Shapiro
okay so so Doug Jones is jumping on the
we are clean bandwagon this is it this
is campaign now it's his entire
because he can't win based on his
politics he's a Democrat and a state
that 66% Republican here is Doug Jones
the Democratic candidate in Alabama I
believe women are every bit as capable
as men that they deserve to be an
elected to public office I believe they
deserve equal pay for equal work and I
and I damn sure believe that I have done
my part to ensure that men who hurt
little girls should go to jail and not
the United States Senate okay so this is
gonna be his campaign in order for them
to make this campaign credible they had
to get rid of Franken it appears that's
now they're moved to get rid of Franken
in the days leading up to more and then
if the Republicans elect more they say
well that's because Republicans are
sleaze bags unfortunately Republicans
are falling right into the teeth of this
by actually being sleaze bags so that's
not helpful
and by sleaze bags I don't mean people
who are gonna vote for more as I've said
I think there are a lot of people voting
for more because they think he's the
second worst choice I haven't got a lot
of people voting for more because they
think he'll be expelled in the Senate
but if you are saying that Roy Moore is
an honorable decent human being in the
aftermath of these allegations all I
would say is that there's not a lot of
evidence to prove any of that there's
not a lot of evidence now this is
leading some Republicans to immediately
virtue signal to the furthest possible
extent Jeff Flake is one of those Jeff
Flake of course as the Republican
senator from Arizona yesterday he
tweeted out country over party and he
got what he wanted one thousand one
hundred seventy one thousand likes on
this tweet and it says Doug Jones for us
any tweet out a picture of a check he
sent to Doug Jones a hundred dollars and
said country over party in the subject
line and then he signed a Jeff Flake you
don't have to give money to the Democrat
in order to oppose everyone okay I
opposed Doug Jones's policies I opposed
Roy Moore I've said stay home or write
somebody in don't vote for Roy Moore but
Republicans feel the necessity in order
to alleviate their own sense of Cosman
of cognitive dissonance and guilt as I
mentioned yesterday they feel the
necessity to fully embrace Roy Moore and
leading the way is the avatar of
Republicans Satanism that of course is
Steve Bannon
so as I've said before I know Steve
really well I try not to talk about
Steve because I know Steve really well
and I think Steve is one of the worst
people I have ever met and Steve is
making that clear in Alabama so he's
doing this whole I'm a populist tech
okay Steve
a goldman sachs guy okay he's a golden
Stax guy went to Harvard Business School
and he walks around dressed like a
homeless man so that he can pretend that
he's actually in touch with the
blue-collar grassroots feel of the
United States he jumped in the room or
race really late and then claimed credit
for Moore's primary victory then he
disappeared while the controversy
happened and now he's reeling only after
the RNC has reinforced so that's your
courageous Steve Bannon
but Bannon didn't just stop there
yesterday at a rally he decided to slam
Mitt Romney so as we discussed yesterday
Mitt Romney may be one of the most
honorable people ever run for president
of the United States Romney came out and
said you shouldn't back more more as an
alleged child molester incredibly
alleged to child molester okay Steve
Bannon took the opportunity to bash Mitt
Romney and say that Roy Moore is a
better human than Mitt Romney right a
guy who was trolling food courts
allegedly for 15 year-olds when he was
33 is a better person than Mitt Romney a
guy who's been married to his high
school sweetheart has led the cleanest
life of anyone imaginable in the history
of American politics and that guy's a
bad guy because we have to back Roy
Moore this is what I say that that
Bannon is just an avatar he's like the
in in the in the image in the cartoon
you know where you have the the cartoon
character and you have the devil on one
shoulder and the angel on the other I'm
not true the angel on the shoulder is
for Republicans but I know who the devil
on the shoulder is and that guy's see
Bennett so the the devil on the shoulder
Steve ban and starts ripping into Mitt
Romney well dressed like a derelict
homeless person who just got his clothes
from the Salvation Army talking about
how how Roy Moore is a quality human
being as opposed to Romney who's a leech
a Mormon leech that's basically what he
says
for energy get five sons not one day of
service in Afghanistan in Iraq there's
been and doing his man-of-the-people
shtick the Romney sons didn't serve in
Rock will play more of it in a second
the Romney sons didn't serve in Iraq
okay if we're gonna hold that if this is
the standard for honor and integrity you
know who else didn't serve in Iraq any
of trumps sons you know who didn't serve
in Vietnam Trump if we're gonna go down
this road Romney got a deferment because
you his Mormons who went on mission and
his sons went on mission to the idea
that you have to serve in the military
in order to be honorable if that's the
case Donald Trump had five separates of
Herman's from Vietnam including four for
college and one for bad feet okay but
but I don't see ban and ripping on on
him that way and I seem to recall Bannon
being totally fine with with with Trump
smacking around John McCain on his war
service I don't remember Bandhan being
particularly upset about that but then
it gets even worse then Bannon decides
to to say that that more has more honor
than the entire Romney family
he says that Rome or first of all Benin
is is just a terrible speaker but beyond
that he also when he says that he what
he said there it's hard to hear is that
Roy Moore has more honour and integrity
in his little finger then stood then
Mitt Romney his family has in their
entire DNA just gross just gross I'll
tell you one thing Mitt Romney has not
been credibly accused of taking a
fourteen-year-old girl home and trying
to in trying to get inside her panties
that's something that Mitt Romney has
never been credibly accused of or taking
a sixteen-year-old girl into his carnies
in his 30s and attempting to grope her
breast and grab her by the genitals but
this is you know if the Republicans want
to embrace the dark side there's no
better way to do this than that
so as I say it is a Democratic
manipulation for them to suggest that
they are clean in all of this but they
are grabbing the moral high ground cuz
it's almost impossible for them to grab
the moral low ground away from a
Republican party that is doing the
Bandon routine again you can vote for
more and not do the Bandhan routine but
there are too many Republicans who are
doing the band and routine that is going
to have some serious blowback there's
the reluctantly supporting more crowd
and then there's the band and crowd and
the band and crowd is gonna do severe
damage to the Republican brand but
Bannon doesn't care because all banning
cares about is his own image as a
populist firebrand even though he's been
irrelevant conman for most of his career
until he leached on to Donald Trump and
after leeching onto Andrew Breitbart and
Breitbart stuff okay so now I want to
talk a little bit about the about the
Trump investigation and the latest on
the Trump investigation so right now
there there is there was a report
yesterday that bank records had been
subpoenaed from Donald Trump it turns
out this was another false report from
the media so you always have to wait for
24 hours to find out what the media's
reporting is true and what the reporting
is false about President Trump White
House press secretary secretary Huckabee
Sanders on Tuesday disputed reports that
Special Counsel Robert Muller had
subpoenaed president Trump's bank
records
she said we confirmed that the news
reports that the special counsel had
subpoenaed financial reports related to
the president are completely false no
subpoena has been issued or received we
have confirmed this with the bank and
other sources I think this is another
example of the media going too far and
too fast and we don't see it going in
that direction so all of the talk about
how
Trump was being subpoenaed and his
financial records were on the line that
turns out not to be true so that's a
part of the investigation that has not
yet developed meanwhile there's the the
rumor out there from CNN that president
the vice president Pence is gonna be
brought in to talk with the FBI
according to CNN new revelations about
Michael Flynn's lies to the FBI are
laying bare Vice President Mike Pence's
in the dark strategy when it comes to
Russia's election meddling raising new
questions about whether he could have
been in that left in the darkest he has
argued for nearly a year advisers have
long insisted that pence was unaware
Flynn spoke to then Russian ambassador
to the u.s. circuit his lyac about a new
set of US sanctions on the day they were
announced last December but court
filings unsealed last week
paired with new details about President
Trump's own knowledge of events indicate
a wide circle of advisers were aware
that Flynn raised the issue when he
spoke by phone to Moscow's Envoy even as
pence reportedly remained in the dark
well Pence was not even in town when any
of this happened I mean that there was a
political report talking about where
pence was at the time pence was
apparently back in Indiana this entire
time so the idea that pence was sitting
on top of Mike Flynn for these phone
calls manat a lot of evidence to support
that the reason that the the media want
to get pence is because now they have to
get an active member of the
administration vice president pence is
one of more powerful vice presidents in
recent memory in terms of helping direct
policy inside the White House and if
they get pens the suggestions going to
be how compelling as they're trying to
make the case that moves up the chain
there's not a lot of evidence to support
that as of yet most of this looks a lot
like speculation so let's not get out
over our skis I think people are out
over their skis in the media on all of
this so with all of that said there is
now breaking news that President Obama
is speaking out again so this is
exciting President Obama just continues
to talk and talk and talk
apparently he issued a stark warning
about growing nativism in the US and
throughout the world that the Economic
Club of Chicago invoking complacency and
the rise of Hitler oh yes now we're all
going to talk Hitler Hitler Hitler make
Hitler he says we have to tend to this
garden of democracy or else things could
fall apart quickly that's what happened
in Germany in the 1930s which despite
the democracy of the Vermont Republic
and centuries of high-level cultural and
scientific achievements Adolf Hitler
rose to dominate sixty million people
died so you've got to pay attention so
is that supposed to be some sort of a
legal market Trump because President
Obama does not get some
make those sorts of veiled remarks with
regard to President Trump after enabling
the emotes nazi-like regime on planet
earth the Iranian regime and yet that
seems like exactly what Obama is doing
this sort of political polarization and
the attempts to apparently throw Trump
out of power via an investigation that
really has uncovered no underlying crime
thus far you want to destabilize the
United States that's the best way to
destabilize the United States as
everyone knows I have tried to be as
objective as I can about president Trump
but I think the evidence is bad for
Trump I'll say so I think the evidence
is not bad for president Trump I'll say
so what I will not do is humor this
notion from the left that president
Trump must be deposed simply because he
is president Trump because that is crap
okay he wasn't elected official he was
elected to the presidency of the United
States and all of these dire warnings
about Hitler Hitler's rise ignores the
fact Hitler's rise occurred because
there was a feeling in Germany that
there was a a complete unworkability of
the of the chancellorship and the
government in Germany the dictatorship
actually pre-existed Hitler because
people were so dissatisfied they kept
handing more power to a centralized
government in Germany Hitler just
grabbed the reins of that power that is
a long process not a short process and
so for Obama to suggest that we're right
on the verge of that and then not look
in the mirror at all is is somewhat
shocking overall so with all of that
said a final piece of news here before
we have to before we have to break and
that is that there was an Islamist
suicide plot that was foiled to
assassinate Prime Minister Theresa May
according to Sky's crime correspondent
it's the latest in a number of terror
plots the police in mi5 believe they've
foiled this year I understand the head
of mi5 Andrew Parker briefed cabinet
ministers Tuesday such as the
seriousness of what they believe they
have been covered in essence there's an
extreme Islamist suicide plot against
Downing Street police believe the plan
was to launch some sort of improvised
explosive device at Downing Street and
in the ensuing chaos attack and kill
Theresa May now a mere a zacharya Rahman
20 from North London and Mohammed Akiba
Imran 21 from the southeast Birmingham
are due to appear at Westminster
magistrate's court on terrorist charges
on Wednesday morning so if President
Obama is gonna worry about the rise of
Nazism out suggested he start by
worrying about the rise of radical Islam
which he radically helped all the way
through his presidency particularly
among the the Iranian popular among with
with you with regard to the Iranian
government so with all of this said
with all of this set I now I'm going to
take a break from Facebook and we're
going to move on but you have to
subscribe for that so go over to daily
wire.com when you do that when you
subscribe to daily wire comm then for
$9.99 a month you get this the greatest
show at all a human existence live on
video you get to watch it live you also
get to watch the end of the Clavin show
live you get to watch the michael moles
show live gets people heard of the
mailbag for all three shows and we're
doing our mailbag on Friday as we always
do plus we have something called the
conversation that's coming up next week
December 12th and in order for you to
ask questions in the conversation you
have to be a subscriber it's happening
at 2 p.m. Pacific 5 p.m. Eastern
December 12th that is called again the
conversation and you can be a part of it
only subscribers ask questions anyone
can watch but you have to be subscriber
to ask questions and when you ask me
those I will either answer them or mock
you so you know see if you get lucky my
conversation will stream live on the Ben
Shapiro Facebook page and the daily
where YouTube channel it will be free
for everyone to watch but only
subscribers can ask the questions to ask
questions as subscriber you log into our
website daily wire.com you head over to
the conversation page to watch the live
stream after that you just start typing
into the daily wired chat box and I'll
answer questions as they come for an
entire hour once again subscribe to get
your questions answered by yours truly
on Tuesday December 12 5 p.m. Eastern 2
p.m. Pacific join the conversation if
you want all of that Plus this the
greatest in all beverage vessels the
leftist tears hot or cold tumblr all you
have to do is go over to daily wired
icon get that annual subscription you
get all of those things plus the Shapiro
store will be launching I think it's
post Christmas now it just keeps getting
pushed back post Christmas 2030 probably
but no it'll actually be happening in
the near future I know I've been
promising it for a long time but just
like the embassy it's delayed but soon
but will be gratified at a certain point
so check that out if you just want to
listen to the show later iTunes
SoundCloud please subscribe at YouTube
we have a very funny Christmas video
that's gonna be coming out very soon so
subscribe over at YouTube as well we are
the largest fastest growing conservative
podcast in the nation
all righty so time for some things I
like and then some things that I hate so
things that I like I've started this
series I can't say I'm far enough in it
to fully endorse it yet but the first
episode is is good and solid it's the
series godless on Netflix it's sort of a
feminist Western I think you can say is
that fair mathis you've seen the whole
thing okay you see most of it right so
you seem jealous you're one episode
ahead of me so I don't know your opinion
is of no consequence to me in any case
the first the first episode is quite
good Jeff Daniels is very frightening as
the bad guy basically the idea is that
there was this mining town where all the
men were killed in a mining accident and
now there's a bad guy coming to town
with his crew and they're searching for
a guy who has robbed them and the danger
is that they may come in and kill
everyone so how does this town of women
gonna defend itself and the answer of
course is they will all wear pussy hats
so I have not gotten to the part where
they whip out the pussy hats yet but I
don't think that's right I think they'll
actually show up with guns to defend
themselves making the case for the NRA
the series is godless so check that out
on Netflix it is rated R as our most of
the Netflix series that I actually
recommend okay time for some things that
I hate so thing I hate number one as I
mentioned is that the this movie the
post is is coming out I went to the
theater last night I watched Murder on
the Orient Express which I quite liked
actually there's some things I didn't
like about but I liked it overall and
they showed a preview for the post we're
at some point going to actually have to
grab the video of the post but that
would be up to me to tell my producers
to do that in any case the the actual
trailer is insufferable insufferable as
I discussed yesterday on the show but
now Meryl Streep and Steven Spielberg
are doing joint interviews and they're
talking about all of the similarities
between the Nixon administration the
Trump administration now note there have
been zero crackdowns none on media under
the Trump administration there's not a
paper that's been put out of business
there's not a journalist that's been
sued nothing as far as I'm aware and I'm
happy to be corrected
I see no actual crackdown I've seen a
white house that doesn't like talking to
the press that stone walls the press
that was true of Obama as well the
difference is that Obama actually
prosecuted members of the press but
here's Steven Spielberg said quote I
could not believe the similarities
between today and what half
with the Nixon administration I realized
this was the only year to make this film
well what you realize is that you hadn't
made a film that virtually signaled for
at least a couple of years so it's time
to make a new one
Meryl Streep talked about what she reads
she says in my political reading I read
the New York Times The Washington Post
in The Guardian shocker I check in on
political AXA co-axial Sandridge and I
go to Fox often to see the manipulation
read she has to make clear that she only
watches because she trusts to see how
evil foxes and Spielberg talked about
some of the hosts he likes he says I
like Don Lemon I like Rachel Maddow
shocker and and there was also who else
he talking to Liz Hannah who was the
screenwriter and Amy Pascal who was the
producer and Hannah said the bravery
Anderson Cooper has to go into war zones
is pretty admirable and then Spielberg
says yeah I adore it and follow
Christiane Amanpour Christiane Amanpour
is the worst journalist ever Christiane
Amanpour is wildly anti-israel wildly
anti-american Christiane Amanpour is
terrible but of course she's very
fashionable in the sort of leftist
circles in which Steven Spielberg walked
I'm sure it's because he watches
Christiane Amanpour that he thought the
Munich would make a good film and and
then Meryl Streep said Maggie Haberman
also I also like Maggie Herman's report
I said I tend to trust the women yeah
well you didn't trust the woman enough
to actually stand up against Harvey
Weinstein when you had the chance so now
there's a new report out about how
everyone knew what once he was doing
including apparently he was injecting
his win/win with with chemicals in order
to make it perform certain magical tasks
and everybody knew about he was having
his assistants do it for him so well
well good good on you Meryl you trust
the woman but you had nothing to say
about any of this stuff for years so
you're a real pillar of strength okay
other things that I hate so speaking of
virtue signaling it seems like all of
these pop stars now are coming out and
saying that they want their children to
be screwed up for life like it's their
actual goal in life to screw up their
kids so pops dooper superstar pink has
two kids Willow who's her six-year-old
daughter and Jamison her 11 month old
son who's named after some sort of
alcohol I guess she has big dreams for
them but they don't subscribe to the
idea that willow as a girl and Jameson
is a boy
pink said quote I was in a school and
the bathroom outside the kindergarten
said gender-neutral anybody and was a
drawing of many shapes I took a picture
of it I wrote progress I thought that
was awesome I love the kids are having
this conversation yes there's nothing
better for small children than being
confused as to whether they're a boy or
a girl and they can switch randomly and
arbitrarily between them that's not
with higher suicide attempts rates it's
not linked with depression sounds any of
that stuff gender confusion is really
good for kids it's fantastic for kids if
you're insane if you're insane part of
what your job is to do as parents is to
look at what your kids are and then
attempt to make their life easier by
having them develop in psychologically
healthy ways you're the same people who
will say that we need to teach men not
to rape and that men inherently have a
tendency toward rape we'll say the man
who doesn't even exist in a man can be a
woman that's an insane proposition okay
the whole point is that if you want men
to be good you have to acknowledge the
nature of men and then you have to teach
men to be gentleman that comes along
with with a positive masculinity the
same thing is true among women there is
such a thing as positive femininity okay
there's such a thing as toxic femininity
too I think if we're gonna talk about
toxicity toxic just meaning bad behavior
among men or bad behavior among women to
suggest that all women are angels and
all men are Devils is not the case okay
the whole point of civilizing your
children is to bring them up to be the
best man or woman they can be if they
suffer from gender confusion issues
that's something you have to deal with
but to impose gender confusion on your
child because you're so progressive is
just pathetic and sick
pink is enthused that Willow told her
she wants to marry an African woman who
when she grows up her kid is 6 her kid
is 6
she's enthused about that like her kid
doesn't even know what she's talking
about
like it doesn't even have sexual
hormones running through her at this
point
and you're already talking like oh yeah
that's good if you want to be a lesbian
just go for it she's a six year old what
the hell is wrong with you
and we are very labeled as house well
last week willow told me she's gonna
marry an African woman why not an Asian
woman who's her 6 year old racist and I
was like great can you teach me how to
make African food shakes sure mama and
we were going to live with you while our
house is getting ready I was like what
the f who are you who is paying for this
by the way and she said this is just
great and it is worth noting as Hank
Berrien does over at Daily wire but
after spending her prepubescent years
using ecstasy crystal meth an acid she
came close to overdosing his pink in a
club when she was 15 she apparently
thinks she was screwed up then but she's
much better now saying I went off the
rails before all of this I got my bleep
out of the way early before anyone knew
who I was well why weren't you just
exploring your boundaries why was that a
problem why couldn't you just be who you
want to be you want to crystal meth when
you're 15 that's fine and if you want to
be a boy when you're a girl if three
what's the problem self-definition
subjectivism that's the ticket when
there she says I'm much more mom than I
am at anything else
absolutely 100% I feel bad for our kids
honestly kids want lines kids want rules
kids want structures kids want to know
that their predictability in the
universe parents who fail to recognize
this bring up bad children and children
even if they're not bad who are who are
troubled and have difficulty children
are looking for lines they're uninformed
by civilization is why we formed
civilizations to make better human
beings but the left doesn't believe that
they believe that you should be able to
do whatever you want in terms of
children like children should be able to
whatever they want we don't have any
role in cultivating them and then
they're surprised when uncultivated
human beings end up doing bad things
when they grow up
or end up being troubled when they grow
up okay time for a little bit of Bible
so this week I felt that it was useful
to go through the actual portion of
Genesis where Jerusalem is first
referenced according to Jewish tradition
this of course is the section in Genesis
talking about Jacob's dream so jacob
leaves bear Sheva this is in Genesis 28
10 through 22 Jacob left Bear Sheva and
he set out for her on when he reached a
certain place he stopped for the night
because the Sun had set he took out one
of the stones there and he put it under
his head he lay down to sleep he had a
dream in which he saw a stairway resting
on the earth with its top reaching to
heaven and the angels of the Lord were
ascending and descending on it there
above it stood the Lord and he said I am
the LORD thy God the father of a your of
your the God of your father Abraham and
the god of Isaac your forefathers I will
give you and your descendants the land
on which you are standing your
descendants will be like the dust of the
earth and you'll spread out to the west
and to the east to the north and to the
south
all the peoples on earth will be blessed
through you and your offspring I'm with
you and will watch over you wherever you
go I will bring you back to this land I
will not leave you until I have done
what I have promised you God wasn't
lying for 3,000 years the Jewish people
wanted to go back to the land for 3,000
years the Jewish relation was
inextricably intertwined with the very
place where Jacob was laying his head
for 3,000 years the Jewish people have
had the same dream as Jacob that there
would be a footstool for God in
Jerusalem and the Jewish people would be
able to to live there in peace that's
all the Jews have ever wanted thank you
to President Trump for bringing that
reality closer to fruition and for
acknowledging the reality that already
exists Jacob awoke from his sleep he
said surely the Lord is in this place I
was not aware of it and he was afraid
and he said how awesome is this place
there is none other than the head this
is
none other than the house of God this is
the gate of heaven no one cares about
Jerusalem except for the Jews and that
is why Jewish sovereignty over Jerusalem
is important it's also the foundation
the same Jews that brought Jerusalem
forth brought forth the basis of Western
civilization and we would not have the
civilization we have without those words
in the book of Genesis and it's great to
acknowledge the legitimacy of those
words from the white house I'll have
much more to discuss tomorrow lots of
breaking news as always i'm ben shapiro
this is the ben shapiro show the ben
shapiro show is produced by Mathis
Glover executive producer Jeremy boring
senior producer Jonathan hey our
technical producer is austin stevens
edited by Alex zingaro' audio is mixed
by Mike Carmina hair and makeup is by
Jael para the ben shapiro show is a
daily wire for word publishing
production copyright ford publishing
