I'm Andrew Clavin and this is another
Kingdom performed by Michael Knowles in
the last episode in Galliano a mutinous
squirrel named mod helped Austin escape
from the castle dungeon chased by a
horrific monster Austin made his way
through the sewers and emerged in the
city of East Room it was an ugly
oppressed place where partisans of the
de throne Queen Olinda are tortured to
death while the crowds cheered to his
dismay Austin found that he had fallen
among those partisans attempting to
leave the city on a borrowed stallion he
was instead transported back to LA where
the androgynous Killer kitten face had
just abducted him at gunpoint
now episode 7 of another Kingdom I had
almost forgotten all this the kitten
faced killer in the backseat of my
Nissan the author Shawn Gunther in his
house on the floor of his living room
dead shot dead all this inexplicable
madness had been swept from my
consciousness by the inexplicable
madness back in Galliano the guard and
the executioner after me the shit
monster hunting me from the gutters the
work of keeping the lights of the
protective fairies bright I felt a wave
of hysteria pass over me
it wasn't the gun the gun that had
killed guns are ready to fire into the
base of my brain it wasn't just the gun
anyway it was everything the whole
lunatic situation the lunatic thoughts
in my own head shit monster fairy lights
Galliano
Christ it all seemed so real just two
seconds ago it had felt real even
smelled real the death of the guard
watching the guard destroyed as his
screams were smothered in his throat by
sewage it had seemed totally real at the
time but now now all at once it seemed
like it must have been a dream some sort
of elaborate subconscious psychological
metaphor for who the hell knows what
this the killer the corpse in the house
the gun at my neck this was real
yet this also seemed impossible a
nightmare don't make me say things twice
baby boy kitten face said tapping the
back of my head with the gun barrel get
going
follow the stain the Mustang right
billiard ball the shaven-headed thug
who's in the black Mustang just in front
of me the car was just now pulling away
from the curb speeding off with the
screech of tires I got the Nissan going
and shot after him following his red
taillights through the darkness I drove
in silence at first I was trying to
reorient myself to reassemble what was
happening here in LA I tried to remember
my talk with Shaun Gunther another
Kingdom Ella Nevermore her picture in
his phone it came back to me she had
read my script she had wanted me to read
her book and then she had withdrawn it
why global that's all Gunther had been
able to tell me before he passed out
that was his last word to me on the
subject before his brutally casual
murder all these thoughts were vague and
tangled mixed up with other thoughts
flashbacks of my escape from the dungeon
and my journey through East Room to the
gate I felt a sense of regret I wished I
could have used my time in that other
world to give some thought to this one
maybe I could have come up with a plan
of escape or figured out a way to
smuggle a weapon from that dimension
into the here and now but how could I
have I'd been so desperate just to stay
alive just to get out from below ground
without being devoured by the sewage
creature from hell
there had simply been no time to think
about anything else so here I was a
prisoner again helpless again under
threat of death again I glanced up in
the rearview mirror kitten face saw me
and pursed his lips to send me a
taunting little kiss mwah oh yeah I
remembered that too
his can't be bullying and how it got
under my skin we traveled through the
Hollywood Hills in purple darkness on
winding roads between trees made
silhouettes by deep night now and then I
stole a glimpse at the killer in the
rear view he was barely paying attention
he looked bored he looked as relaxed and
indifferent as he had when he flicked
his wrists to snuff out shaun Gunther
where are we go
I asked him with an offhanded gesture he
whacked me in the back of the head hard
enough to make me grunt out you didn't
ask Mama's permission to speak he said
and he gave me a pout as if this was all
just some sort of flirty game between us
what a psycho
we came down onto level ground and
cruised over to Sunset Boulevard the
late traffic on the strip was thinning
the Mustang up ahead of me passed
smoothly under billboards and neon
marquees the colored lights played over
my windshield as I followed we headed
toward Beverly Hills I tried to think
what should I do my eyes scanned the
scene outside what if I saw a cop could
i honk the horn and try to get his
attention could I leap out at the next
red light and run for it but that gun
the killer's gun I remembered how it had
held me frozen back at Gunther's house
how I'd stood there paralyzed by it
while kitten faced tormented me I hadn't
had the courage to make a play then and
I doubted I had it now I wished I had my
fairy bodyguards swirling around me
I wished all I had to do was focus my
mind and have their lights glow and
protect me but that world was worlds
away and who knew what fantastic
territory of my obviously broken brain
the best I could do here was try to
concentrate as I had back there try to
focus through my fear and clear my mind
I did I let the anxiety come off me like
Steam I studied my thoughts once I took
the heightened emotion out of it I could
see things more clearly I couldn't risk
an escape attempt even if I had the
nerve
kitten face was too crazy he might blow
me away in a fit of pique and then take
his chances in a shootout with the
police no the best I could do for now is
try to get some information out of him
try to get a better picture of the
situation I was in it might cost me a
few more wraps to the skull but it would
give me a sense of what was possible he
obviously had orders to bring me in so
he wasn't going to shoot me if he could
help it at least I didn't think he would
so how come you killed him I asked into
the mirror kitten face seemed surprised
that I dared to speak to him again I
waited for him to give me another SWAT
with the gun barrel he didn't
not right away anyhow I pushed on I'm
just curious
you're looking for the book right
another Kingdom isn't that what you're
after in the rearview I saw the killer
consider me he narrowed his eyes he
pursed his lips to make his high cheeks
hollow did he want to shut me up or did
he want to talk a little to pass the
time I met his gaze in the reflection
and he met mine
I was surprised by my own cool so was he
I think I think that's what decided him
well he answered daddy wants it daddy
your father he gave an elaborate
feminine role of his eyes not his father
of course not his boss his man daddy
I nodded I shifted my eyes back to the
windshield
I followed the Mustangs taillights away
from the bright lights of the strip and
on into the grassy or stretch of the
boulevard I get it I said so that's what
I mean if daddy wants the book why kill
Gunther he's the last one who saw it
isn't he he gave me a girlish little
shrug with his narrow shoulders maybe I
just wanted to I looked at him in the
rearview I liked killing men he said men
especially they think they're so there
you know then now they're gone they're
nothing
he wrinkled his nose at me as if he'd
said something cute uh-huh I said I
tried to keep what I felt out of my
voice
it wasn't easy the guy was a horror show
but you couldn't kill him if daddy
didn't want you to right don't talk
about daddy said kitten face and his
kitten face darkened as he said it so I
didn't talk about Danny he turned away
and looked out the window at the passing
mansions on their acres of grass we knew
what he knew he murmured as if
explaining it to himself there was no
point in leaving a loose end we only
kept him alive till now in the hope he
would draw out someone like you up ahead
through the windshield I saw the Mustang
turned right off sunset I followed him
onto dark residential streets the road
began rising steeply someone like me I
someone how did you know I said it was
me were following not Gunther how did
you know I was looking for the book he
gave me a sidelong look raising an
eyebrow he lifted his gun and pressed
the muscle to his lips
Shh it was a secret
we traveled uphill passed fine homes and
lofty estates we rose higher and higher
above the city I thought it over as I
drove I thought it must have been my
search I had searched for another
Kingdom on my phone when I was
recovering at Jane Jane aways house from
that sword blow to my head then when I
got home the Mustang showed up outside
my building they must have seen the
search somehow how else would they have
known I was looking for the book and
then my phone after I had lost them on
the freeway they must have gone into my
phone and found my call - Shawn Gunther
or maybe they had put a tracker on my
car these thoughts made me sick inside
sick and cold who were these people
anyway
the government the police foreign spies
crazed super hackers who else could
monitor a search engine waiting for
someone to look up a book who else could
break into your phone and find out where
you were going just like that and who
else could kill a man just like that
without worrying about the consequences
that thought made me sick - if they had
killed Shawn Gunther because they knew
everything he knew and if they were
taking me somewhere to question me what
would they do to me when the questioning
was over when they knew everything I
knew - you didn't need heavy math to
figure that one out the wave of hysteria
began to rise in me again I caught it
forced it down I focused just like I'd
learned to do in the sewers of Galliano
I made my mind dark I let the fear go
incredibly it worked there were no fairy
lights no magical protection but it
calmed me down anyway I glanced out the
window I had no idea where we were
anymore high in the Beverly Hills
somewhere and even beyond we turned and
turned again the rose got smaller
steeper higher now a few yards away the
Mustang turned into a driveway and came
to a stop before a large filigreed iron
gate the gate swung
the Mustang went through I followed in
my shabby Nissan the gates looming over
me then both cars the Mustang and mine
began to climb a long winding lane the
moon became visible over the far horizon
the moonlight in the city light bleached
away the Stars up into the night we went
a long way with nothing but grass and
trees on either side of us no signs of
habitation this was bad bad twice at
least twice one it was deserted up here
so that was bad because with no one in
sight and no houses there'd be no one to
witness what happened to me no one to
call for help and to this was expensive
property which was bad because it meant
whoever owned it was rich really rich
and probably powerful rich and powerful
enough to have Shaun Gunther killed
without a qualm and so therefore plenty
rich and powerful enough to erase a
minor character like me so who I began
to ask but kitten face said Shh quiet
now peachy Pooh I want to deliver you
undamaged if I can man oh man I had to
give it to him the guy had a way of
getting under my skin every time he
pulled that sweetie peaches shit on me I
wanted to rip his head off with my bare
hands I drove up and up after the
Mustang and with a start I suddenly
realized we were not alone there were
people here dark figures are lurking by
the side of the road they were guards
they were patrolling the hilltop they
were holding rifles on their hips they
were dressed in black
they were almost invisible in the night
then a house home into view above them
it was a fine modern ranch built to seem
a part of the hillside constructed on a
long rolling line it fit the contours of
the setting exactly it was fashioned of
brownstone and tan stucco surrounded by
brush lit by soft spotlights the indoor
and the outdoor spaces blended one into
the other I could see a dining room
without walls leading into an enclosed
den with a fire blazing in an enormous
horse the den had glass doors and the
glass doors led out again onto a broad
flat patio of clay colored brick the
Mustang stopped on the wide pavement
before
car garage I stopped behind it a black
plaid rifleman stepped up to the
Nissan's door how'd you get baby boy
kitten face said I opened at the door
and climbed out into the cool of the
autumn night billiard ball was already
out of the Mustang he had crossed his
arms over his chest and was watching the
scene with lidded eyes kitten face
emerged from the car behind me he tossed
his fluffy blond hair and slipped his
pistol into his windbreaker he winked at
the rifleman and gave him one of those
purr slipped kisses the rifleman was a
bearded hard eyed military-type I saw
him curl his a lip with annoyance but he
didn't say anything I wondered if he was
afraid of the psycho too what happened
next took me by surprise but maybe it
shouldn't have it had been a long night
a long night in a long day in this world
and the other I'd been roughed up and
chased down slapped around and forced to
witness a murder by a craziest fuckin
sass and who treated me like his
catamite now I was heading who knew
where to face who knew what and I was
trying to stay focused
trying to keep my attention trained
outward on the situation around me and
not inward on my own mental state I
guess I didn't realize just how jacked
up and pissed off I was the rifleman
said to me this way he gestured with his
head toward the open-air dining space
there was no one there now but the long
table was set with two places it was lit
by candle globes and an elegant
chandelier beyond it was the cliff and
the city lights and the moon hanging in
the dark blue sky making the settings
spectacular it was a good guess that
Daddy was on his way and would be
joining me for dinner I began walking
toward the house over a slate path
focusing my mind controlling my breath
taking in my surroundings the rifleman
walked a half step behind me billiard
ball was trailing somewhere off to my
left I'd lost sight of kitten face the
rifleman kept his weapon on his hip
pointed upward he wasn't worried about
me making a run for it where would I go
we were on the highest peak of mountain
nowhere and there were men with guns in
every direction so that was the scenario
I was about halfway along the path to
the dining space
then for no reason other than that's the
kind of punk he was kitten face stepped
up behind me and gave me a slap on the
ass hurry up now little one he chided me
I turned around and punched him I didn't
mean to do it that is I did mean to do
it of course I did you can't slug a guy
that way by accident what I mean is I
didn't intend to do it I didn't think
about doing it before I did if I had
believe me I would have stopped myself
he was a stone hearted killer after all
with a gun under his jacket but he did
what he did and I did what I did in
there it was I came around fast and my
fists came with me I'd never hit anyone
before I'd never been in a fight in my
life I had no training but it didn't
matter where he was walking in the way I
had to turn to get at him our positions
created a perfect punch hips arm fists
boom my knuckles connected with his
cheek dead-on his face was soft it
didn't hurt my hand at all and he well
he was in good shape and fierce and all
that but when it came down to it he was
a girly little guy and there wasn't much
to him the blow sent him spinning
sideways and he dropped to the ground he
propped himself up on one elbow right
away but then he just stayed there
staring conscious but dazed I kept down
at him shocked at myself I glanced at
the rifleman he had his tongue stuck in
his cheek as if to keep from laughing I
glanced over at billiard ball he was
standing still blinking I think he was
as shocked as I was huh I heard him say
that was putting it mildly my
predicament had already been bad but it
was bad squared now maybe bad cubed
there was no point in trying to run away
one of the riflemen would shoot me down
or tackle me there was nothing to do but
stand there until kitten face recovered
then what he was sure to kill me or beat
me senseless or beat me senseless and
then kill me whatever it wasn't going to
be pleasant so we stood there the
rifleman billiard ball and me we stared
down at kitten face all of us after a
while kitten face shook his head the fog
cleared from his eyes he looked around
he looked at me he smiled it was not a
pleasant smile it was a smile that sent
a chill from my balls to my brain pan
oh he said in a throaty whisper oh oh oh
with that like some sort of supernatural
feline beast he left to his feet in a
single Swift motion I caught my breath
waiting helplessly for whatever would
come kitten face took a slow step toward
me his smile became a full-fledged
Killer grin mirthless and furious oh he
said again drawing it out this time he
took another step and came up close just
then a blinding light struck all of us a
vibrant guttural stuttering filled the
air the stuttering grew swiftly louder
until in another moment it became a
thunderous roar kitten face froze his
smile faltering a murderous fury flamed
in his eyes his fists clenched at his
size his hair my hair too began blowing
wildly in a newly risen wind he stayed
where he was but he didn't attack me
something had made him hesitate the
hilltop grew brighter louder the wind
rose higher I lifted my eyes a
helicopter was descending out of the
night sky it seemed to have come from
nowhere it seemed to be heading directly
toward us the wind off the rotor blades
was blowing over us the noise enveloped
us the choppers spotlight grew brighter
and brighter that lowered my eyes to the
assassin again his face was red where I
had punched him in red where I had not
punched him to just all read with
passionate rage his grin was forced and
savage now his eyes were white-hot he
spoke to me his mouth moved anyway but
the words were washed away in the
chopper noise it didn't matter
I knew what he was saying more or less
he was telling me what he was going to
do to me what unimaginable thing the
very first chance he got but not right
now the helicopter continued its descent
and as my perspective on it changed I
could see it was coming down not on top
of me but on the patio over there just
beyond the den as I was watching it the
black clad rifleman caught my attention
with a gesture he tilted his head follow
me
there was still a little humorous quirk
at the corner of his mouth
he'd enjoyed watching kitten face get
punched I think he wanted to get me away
from him as quickly as possible I
followed him to the patio the chopper
wind grew stronger the noise grew louder
and the light grew brighter and then
dimmer as it narrowed on the point just
beneath the craft with a wobbling tremor
the copter touched down the engine kept
running and the rotors kept spinning the
door slid open and out stepped a little
man
ducking his head beneath the turning
blades daddy he was old and bent and
exceptionally short four foot something
probably maybe five foot nothing but not
more than that he was wearing a dark
suit the jacket flapping in the rotor
wind since his head was bent all I could
see of him was a fine crop of unruly
silver hair and his hands which were so
wrinkled they seemed made of crumpled
paper then he came out from under the
rotors and looked up big surprise I had
never seen him before in the flesh but I
recognized him all right from pictures
in the news and from the framed
photographs on the mantelpiece in my
parents living room back home and others
on the wall of my brother's fabulous New
York apartment because my father held
the Orosco chair in psychology at
Berkeley and my brother worked for the
Orosco Institute and hell even I worked
for global Studios which Orosco owned
and lo and behold here he was right in
front of me my father's benefactor my
brother's mentor my own employer Serge
Orosco it's strange to say but I'd never
given much thought to Orosco you'd think
I would have wouldn't you his presence
wound like a golden chain through my
family my father's chair at the
University was named for him my
brother's Institute was run by him my
own job was financed by him even my
mother had gotten grants from his
foundation to write a couple of her
books when you think about it even my
sister Riley took his money if you count
the handout she got from my parents
which ultimately one way and another
came from him yet somehow though I had
been vaguely aware of his existence
since I was little I had never really
considered him as a person real with
skin on he was just too far above me
somehow too rich too powerful more an
influence than an individual more an
atmosphere than a man now though
here he was walking toward me and it was
disorienting to see him in his humanity
to say the least
he was ancient yet vital for all his
years a casual confident even youthful
figure he wore no tie just a white shirt
open at his waddled throat his face
beneath the silver hair was square and
very pale the skin almost transparent
where it wasn't parked with liver spots
his cheeks were in wrinkled much I guess
he'd had some cosmetic surgery they were
weirdly smooth as if he were wearing a
plastic mask his pale blue eyes were
wide the way very old men's eyes get
wide smooth cheeks and wide eyes
the overall effect made him look kind of
like an infant a perpetual baby
perpetually startled by the brand-new
world as the chopper gave a wobble and
lifted up into the sky behind him the
old man offered me his hand dazed by his
presence I took it looking down at him
from my greater height his hand was cold
and dry like a lizard's skin the chopper
tilted and shot away the wind around us
subsided the noise grew dimmer Austin
good to finally meet you
Oh Roscoe said he had a faint romantic
sounding accent I couldn't quite place
it
come sit with me we'll eat he walked
toward the dining area the rifleman met
him along the way
Roscoe touched his shoulder in a
paternal manner as the big soldierly man
leaned down and spoke low in his ear or
Roscoe nodded glanced at me go on the
head that'll be right with you he said
he walked off to where kitten face was
standing apart from us
the killer had not moved to greet the
chopper but was still where we had left
him on the path he was sulking like a
child kicking the slate of the path with
the ball of one foot Oh Roscoe gently
took his chin and his fingers and tilted
his face so he could examine the place
where I'd punched him he murmured some
consoling words he patted his cheek then
sent him off toward the house with
another pat on his backside I meanwhile
moved to the open dining area stealing
glances over my shoulder at the
conference between the billionaire and
the murderer as I went to say I was
confused to say I was stunned to say my
head was spinning is not to say enough
thoughts were whirling through my mind
like tornadoes in the last was it even
24 hours I had seen sights beyond
believing I had traveled from world to
world in ways I couldn't in ways no one
could understand I had seen a man's head
ripped off by a one-eyed ogre I had seen
a man shot dead by an androgyne
psychopath I had seen a man torn to
pieces by a monster made of shit made of
shit yet somehow my brain had managed to
incorporate all that into its conception
of the possible but this my father's
benefactor my brother's mentor my own
employer the founder of my family's
feast the friend of presidents the owner
of media outlets the funder of political
campaigns and charities and popular
movements and he was the one who had
brought me here at gunpoint he was the
one who had dispatched that murderer to
snuff out Sean Gunther like a candle I
couldn't take it in right away not fully
but I understood that somehow the entire
story of my life had just been rewritten
as if in a dream I stepped up onto the
platform where the table was set I
waited there for a Rosko to walk back
through the night to me it occurred to
me in the midst of my confusion that
when I had searched for another Kingdom
on my phone I had used the og search
engine oh gee that name it was a cute
little way of branding the engine as
part of the Orosco Empire that confirmed
my suspicions about how they knew to
come after me they had been monitoring
the engine or Roscoe's engine waiting
for someone to make the search the
little old man stepped up onto the
dining platform with me he lay a
paternal hand on my shoulder as he had
with the guard
he smiled charming smile it was almost
possible to forget that he had had a man
killed in cold blood almost possible see
it suit he said we sat me at the foot of
the table and him at the head the
candles and the chandelier burning
brightly in between a refreshing breeze
came in from every side and was toasted
to a mellow perfection by the outdoor
heaters it was a charming place to dine
there were several courses everything
very delicate and delicious
an elaborate mix of lettuces with
pralines and chef and pears thin
pastries filled with meat like some
things and shredded vegetables with an
exquisite sauce strawberries dipped in
chocolate for dessert
each course brought to the table by a
brace of waiters who seemed to shimmer
in and out of the shadows as if they
were shadows themselves through it all
there was wine to a rich red wine so
good and so refreshing
I had to exert all my will to keep from
drinking myself silly I had to keep
reminding myself that I was dining with
a billionaire who had men snuffed out
with casual and difference it seemed
wise to keep my wits about me so we ate
and drank and all the while Oh Rosco
talked talked and talked and talked
ceaselessly I remembered my brother rich
had said something to me about this once
billionaires talk they don't listen he
had told me ruefully but not without
humor and affection it's true of every
billionaire I've ever met it's what
their money buys them the right to hold
forth why shouldn't they they know
they're smarter than you if they're not
smarter how come they have so much more
money myself I'd never met me
billionaires before so I had no way of
knowing if riches observation applied to
the breed in general or just to this guy
but it sure applied to this guy all
through dinner his monologue rambled on
on and on almost without pause rich had
made this billionaire logorrhea sound
like an endearing eccentricity it wasn't
it was unpleasant first because of the
monotony the one voice droning even a
billionaire ought to shut the hell up
and let someone else say something now
and then second because of the suspense
he'd already had one man killed tonight
for not having the answers he wanted
what was he going to do to me and how
long would I have to wait to find out in
third after he'd gone on for a while it
became clear to me that surgery as go
the founder of my father's chair the
leader of my brothers Institute the
owner of the studio where I worked was
not just evil
but batshit crazy too memory fascinating
the old man was saying he rolled the red
wine in his bowl like glass so that it's
mulberry depths reflected the yellow
candle light as one gets older one
begins to suspect that many of the
things one
members may not be strictly speaking
true essential even formative chapters
of one's biography may be whole cloth
inventions and yet if these false
memories shaped you aren't they real
enough really enough to have an effect
on their world at any rate I nodded
attentively because it felt like nodding
attentively was my role here but I was
not attentive not really I was too busy
wondering whether I was going to die
tonight and wondering also what it meant
to my own memories to realize that my
entire family had been in orbit around
this murderer since I was a child I
couldn't process that and listened to
him and fear from my wife all at the
same time
Orosco took another sip of wine I had to
wait in silence for him to continue
I picked at my meat-filled what was it
called phyllo pastry that's it just to
have something to do
finally the billionaire emerged from his
glass with a satisfied gasp he continued
a perfect example I remember at least I
seem to remember a conversation I had
many years ago a conversation with his
strange pale starved rather monkish
person wearing a sort of robe with a I
watch him he drew a circle around his
head with his free hand trying to
describe what he meant a cowl just like
a monk would wear who could he have been
what was the occasion I no longer know I
remember we were in my dacha outside of
Moscow so it must have been before I
emigrated but after the fall the fall of
the Soviet Union because they must have
already made my fortune in the
privatization you see and we were
speaking about that about one's
aspirations one's ambitions what's left
to strive for after one has made so much
money that any more would make no
difference he bowed low over his plate
his wizened hands worked his knife and
fork he lifted a bite straight to his
mouth in the european fashion he went on
talking even as he chewed I can remember
we talked all night sitting side by side
before the fire but the words themselves
there faded vague was i describing my
desires or was he offering me advice I'm
not sure but at some point one of us
articulated him
a vision : the idea that one might write
one's name upon the human singularity
one might be enshrined in every grateful
heart forever as the architect of the
era of perfected man the auras go age he
said these words with irony but there
was no irony in his wide bright infant
eyes neither the first time he said them
nor when he repeated them again the
orosco age savoring them on his tongue
as he had savored the wine what would it
cost that was the gist of the
conversation to be that man what would I
be willing to give in the reckoning
somewhere during the soliloquy we
finished the main course two waiters
appeared from the edge of night removed
our plates and Evan asked I couldn't
help but be aware that every bite every
course brought us closer to the end of
dinner it was like watching the sand run
out of an hourglass and what would
happen then the next time I lifted my
wine I couldn't hide the fact my hand
was trembling orosco meanwhile dabbed
his lips with his napkin sat back in his
chair somehow he managed to seem relaxed
and intense at the same time my point is
that conversation I can't remember who
it was with or when exactly it happened
or even if he truly did happen and yet
it set the entire direction of my life
from that point forward which makes it
real enough and now of course he made a
nonchalant gesture tilting his head
lifting his hand as if he were
confessing some charming vulnerability
now that I am approaching the end of my
life it comes back to me he comes back
to me in dreams or are the dreams a
figure in the corridor a face in the
mirror that is not my face someone's
standing behind me even his voice
indistinguishable whispers at first old
age I told myself but there louder each
time more real more insistent the
reckoning the debt must be paid again to
waiters oscillated in from nowhere and
said the chocolate-covered strawberries
before us and when they had vibrated
back into nothingness
Orosco left
his wineglass again and said I need that
book Austin I don't know whether I'd
been mesmerised by the monotony of his
jabber or whether I'd lost the train of
his thought or what but those words took
me off guard completely they rang in
that charming hilltop dining space like
a bell like a great tower bell nailing
the hour of decision whatever clouds of
inattention had gathered in my
consciousness they were shaken away and
gone all gone just like that
i sat there I stared at him I thought
what has he been saying all this time I
didn't know it had seemed random
meditative half meaningless and now it
turned out to be what his explanation of
why I was here of why he had had Shaun
Gunther killed of why he would kill me
after we'd enjoyed the chocolate-covered
strawberries the book was all I could
choke out echoing him and though I had
tried to go easy on the wine I had to
drink some now to keep the inside of my
mouth from going dry as dust he nodded
still leaning back still relaxed and
also not relaxed intense his eyes so
wide so bright that I wondered if he was
afraid too maybe even more afraid than I
was another kingdom you were searching
for it Austin why it was at this point I
felt a presence behind me I looked over
my shoulder and saw a billiard ball
standing just beyond the dining space
and the half-lit dark he had his arms
crossed on his chest and his eyes
trained on my head
dull merciless strangely witty eyes
judging just where he would strike when
it came time to deal me pain
I faced a roz go again licking what felt
like ashes off my lips it was submitted
to me to read at mythos where I work I
know where do you work but it was
withdrawn before I had a chance to read
it I know that too how did he know that
could he look into my e-reader I figured
he could who submitted it he asked do
you know Sean Gunther it hurt to speak
the author's name to the man who had had
him executed but he did it at the
request of the author Ellen ever more
that's what he told me she submitted it
and she decided to withdraw it
or Rosco asked that's what he said I
knew he was about to ask me why why she
had withdrawn it and in the second
before he did ask
I suddenly realized why global that's
what Gunther had said when I asked him
she must have realized that by
submitting the book to mythos she had
sent the book into the realm of global
studios and therefore within the grasp
of Rosco that had to be it she knew he
was after it and she didn't want him to
have it
why said Oh Rosco why did she withdraw
it I hesitated should I tell him what I
thought I remembered the photograph of
Ella Nevermore in Gunther's phone I
remembered the serenity and humor and
wisdom in her face I looked at the
desiccated surprised baby face of the
billionaire across from me
not hard to tell who the good guys and
bad guys were in this story not hard to
know which side to be on I don't know I
lied because fuck him he was probably
going to kill me no matter what I said
and why did you search for it
well that was the question wasn't it how
far would I get into my absurd tale of
being transported to Galliano before
billiard ball knocked me senseless
luckily I remembered the story I'd made
up to use on candy philocan at the
office I used it again the book stuck
with me what little I'd read I thought
it might make a good movie I'd been
looking for a new direction because your
agent rejected your last script God he
knew everything one misguided lie and
he'd catch me cold that's right
I said and is that the only reason yeah
sure what else could there be
I thought I saw an expression of
frustration maybe anger across his
plastic mask of a face but it was gone
in a moment and so you went to Shawn
Gunther he said that's right but he
couldn't tell you where the book was or
where the author was he didn't know no
he didn't and so you don't know well now
we were right down to it weren't we this
was the point in the conversation where
Gunther had been shot shot dead for not
knowing the answer to a rhaskos question
I wanted to ask if I was going to be
shot dead too but it seemed such a weak
pathetic thing to say so instead I
your man or whatever is the girly guy
with the cat face Sarah Sarah Sarah
short for Seraphim an old Russian name I
gave it to him when he was a child for
some reason these words sickened me but
fortunately I didn't have time to figure
out why he killed him I said Gunther
Sarah shot him Orosco never took his
over wide baby blue eyes off me he
picked up his wine without looking away
drank without looking away hmm he said
he does that when I asked him to
sometimes when I don't he put the wine
down again still without looking at
anything but me man those eyes were wide
I think he likes it really I think he
pretends the victim is me daddy issues
why does it trouble you he is killing
mr. Gunther well it is murder I managed
to say he shrugged murder don't be a
small man Austin we're talking about big
things humanity perfected the world that
is to be the orosco age I thought trying
to put the pieces of this insane
conversation together Sarah says you
struck him Oh Roscoe said I did that was
unwise I didn't plan it
I wasn't thinking he made me angry huh
yes you can do that but unfortunately he
wishes to kill you now actually killing
you is only the last thing he wishes to
do to you since he raised the issue this
seemed like a good time to ask the
question that was really foremost in my
mind are you going to let him kill me
is that what this is all about I
indicated the table between us my last
supper Oh Roscoe seemed to give the
issue a moment of serious consideration
the truth is I can't always control what
he does our relationship is complex the
moral authority shifts back and forth
depending on who committed the latest
sin against whom he leaned forward
pinning me in my seat with a no-nonsense
flair he wrapped the tape
top with his index finger but I do want
that book Austin and he knows that
well that was clear enough if I gave him
what he wanted he might be able to talk
kitten boy out of revenge maybe for a
while I don't know what I can do I said
I've told you everything I know there
was a soft shifting sound behind me or
Roscoe's eyes lifted to the place where
I knew billiard ball was almost
imperceptibly the billionaire shook his
head no whatever the bald thug was about
to do to me he didn't do Oh Roscoe
plucked a chocolate-covered strawberry
from the dessert cup before him he
lifted it to his eyes and examined it a
jeweler with a gem or maybe a cat with a
mouse your family have been friends of
mine for a long time Austin he said
these words sickened me two sickened me
more and chilled me is that just a
coincidence the question occurred to me
so suddenly I asked it without thinking
that they know you work for you and I
got the book did that just happen
I doubt it he said and he ate the
strawberry but that's not my point he
said around the mouthful he swallowed my
point is only that I want to be your
friend too I want you to be my friend
like your father and mother and brother
are I don't want anything unpleasant to
happen to you some unpleasant like with
Gunther
I said nothing unpleasant happened to
mr. Gunther until there was no longer
any chance that he could help me is
there still any chance that you could
help me Austin by this time I felt I was
beginning to make some sort of sense of
things to fashion some sort of narrative
out of it it was such a bizarre
narrative so bizarre and so surreal that
it was hard for me to take it seriously
just long ago man with the cowl he'd
talked about for instance was he real
and if he was what exactly was the
conversation they had had all night by
the daka fireplace what was this
mysterious reckoning that was coming
would finding the book somehow keep it
at bay and did I have some cosmic part
to play in the whole thing or was I just
a fool who had been sucked into the
whirlpool of his delusions this must be
a very valuable book I said his
surprised baby eyes looked
and more surprised and more babyish a
thing is worth what someone is willing
to pay for it he said so for me yes in
this case it's priceless which brings me
back to my original question do you
think there's any chance you might be
able to recover another Kingdom for me
he was watching me closely as I thought
over my answer not that there was any
question what my answer would be we both
knew I was going to say yes yes I would
try to find the book for him what else
could I say he had made it clear he
would have me killed if I refused the
only real mystery was whether I would be
lying or not when I said it that's what
he was watching me so closely for that's
what he wanted to see yes I said I'll do
my best anyway and yes I was lying that
is I was going to go on looking for the
book I had to it was my only hope of
explaining my inter worldly condition my
only hope of curing it before I got
myself killed by some fantastic Galliano
and beast or other but if I did find the
book there was no chance I would give it
to him not willingly anyway whatever
trouble Orosco had gotten himself into
with the cowl guy I'd be damned if I was
going to ransom him out of it
he continued to study me for a long
moment after I spoke did he believe me
could he tell what I was thinking he had
hacked into my search engine after all
and my phone records and my e-reader
could he hack into my mind as well could
he tell I was not like my parents and my
brother that I was not his friend but
his enemy good he said finally and this
unfortunate Gunther business let's put
that out of our minds for now all right
what could I say I nodded and for my
part Roscoe continued I will do my best
to keep Sara from acting out her anger
on you I'd appreciate that
he is volatile I can't guarantee a thing
neither can I
his smile was mirthless and razor-thin
well he said softly it was all he needed
to say it was a threat of death fail to
find the book and you die go to the
police about gunther and you die that's
simple and with that my dinner with
Orosco was over the next moment he
gestured to the bald thug in back of me
and the moment after that the bald thug
stepped forward and slapped my car keys
down on the table where my plate had
been jingle whap now a potent mixture of
too much wine and sudden relief and
sneaking gut curdling suspense swam up
into my head I felt as if I was in a
hazy slo-mo dream as I walked along the
slate path back to my Nissan it wasn't a
good dream either because I was thinking
about how in the gangster movies they
always pretended to let you go just
before they garroted you and sent you to
sleep with the fishes I glanced over at
a Roscoe's Ranch and just inside a
shadow within the shadows there stood
the figure of the assassin his kitten
face barely visible within the darkness
and on that face and in his eyes I saw
what anyone could see his daydreams of
my blood-soaked agony and my agonizing
death I reached the car I checked the
back seat quickly to make sure no one
was hiding there with a garrote I pulled
open the door and slipped inside oh shit
I shouted furiously I was seated on the
Black Stallion again I was back in
Galliano
this has been another Kingdom by Andrew
Klavan performed by Michael laws
you
