the scandal that started in the movie
business is now spread to journalism the
latest man accuses Charlie Rose the 75
year old co-host of CBS this morning and
of the Charlie Rose show on PBS has been
accused by numerous viewers of being a
pseudo-intellectual no-talent blowhard
who could turn an exclusive interview
with God himself into an excruciatingly
snoozefest the accusers say he hasn't
done ten minutes of prep work since 1973
also he grabs women's breasts and
exposes himself which is bad but not as
bad as those interviews also we have a
genuinely gripping interview with
Dilbert creator Scott Adams he predicted
Trump's election and his latest
prediction is pretty amazing trigger
warning I'm Andrew Clavin this is the
Andrew Klavan show
see Topsy is a teasing it's so wonderful
all right the mailbag is smarts the end
of the week already tomorrow it's who
because it's Thanksgiving so get your
questions into the mailbag I went on to
our site to do it myself there's just
like that's it finally and it's really
easy you just press the podcast button
go in the daily wire press the podcast
button press my podcast and then there's
a little mailbag sign there it says you
think it even says mailbag and you press
it you send me any question you want
personal questions religious questions
political questions it'll answer them
all all my answers will be a hundred
percent guaranteed correct correct and
will change your life possibly for the
better who knows but you have to
subscribe you got to subscribe it's ten
bucks a month ten lousy bucks a month I
will solve all your problem the the
people of the reactions I have gotten
from these mail bags people saying that
all their problems are solved you know
it's just it's amazing and that's ten
lousy bucks for a hundred lousy bucks
you get a full year subscription and the
leftist tears mug so after your tears
are dried because of all the wonderful
answers you get on the mailbag you can
just drink leftist tears and enjoy
yourself without any problems whatsoever
you know while I'm asking for stuff you
know yesterday Knowles and I were
talking about another Kingdom this
podcast we had that's on iTunes and you
can subscribe it's a fictional it's a
story a fantasy suspense story about a
guy was an ordinary Hollywood schlub and
one day he walks through a door and he
finds himself a murder suspect in this
bizarre fantasy world and he gets more
and more complex from that noses the
poor performer he performs it does all
the voices and all this stuff and it's
really doing well yesterday I got a call
from one of the biggest TV producers in
town here in LA who's interested in
having me come in and talk to them about
it and this is I can't tell you who it
is but very very successful producer
whose schief assistant is a woman who is
actually the single best story person
I've ever met
in Hollywood one of the very few people
who can actually improve your story when
you're discussing with her because one
of the problems with Hollywood want to
if you wonder why so many movies are bad
is because the one person who knows how
to tell a story who's the writer has no
real power and that any like idiot who
the nephew of the
studio head who wanders in and makes a
suggestion wants to put his imprint on
it but this is a woman who is just
somebody I really trust and like I've
worked with her before and everything
she does every conversation you have
with her story gets better my point is
this if you can and you want to I would
really appreciate it if you would go on
another Kingdom on iTunes and subscribe
and if you liked it leave a five star
review everything I get is ammunition my
chances of selling this thing of very
tiny tiny just because chances of
selling anything in Hollywood are tiny
but me pot you know I'm now a toxic guy
because of my politics but if there's a
presence if you show up I mean already
the thing is got something like it's got
a well over a hundred thousand downloads
if and all like seven hundred plus five
star reviews but if you add to that it
is very helpful to me going into this
meeting which will probably be right
after Thanksgiving so just saying
because if you got a chance please
please do it now I have to tell you I am
somebody who is not allowed in most
kitchens because I just set things on
fire and I hurt myself I am really but
once a long time ago I actually did this
is very very many years ago I actually
tried to make the perfect chocolate chip
cookie because I love love chocolate
chip cookies it but back in those days
those far-off days chocolate chip
cookies were like this little brown
piece if you got them packaged if your
mother didn't make them you got this
like little kind of brown piece of
cardboard with little brown dots in it
you know it just awful I'm sure you can
still buy those in the store and then
and then I think it was I don't know
maybe late 1970s mrs. Fields Cookies
came along and they changed everything
because I was trying to make the perfect
chocolate chip cookie now you didn't
have to because mrs. Fields was making
it for you and you could go into a store
and finally now they said can we use
this on camera can we get this on camera
this this is this basket here they sent
us this enormous basket of chocolate
chip cookies which acts just like so
good and if you never add a mrs. Fields
chocolate chip cookie this is the best
thing
so good and now they have a holiday deal
for you they've been around for 40 years
but now for the very first time this is
Tara I just entertain yourselves for a
moment would you oh my god they have an
exclusive deal because he can give these
as gifts you can give something like
this as a gift you will be the best they
will think you are the best person in
the universe whoever you give this to if
you go to mrs. feels calm god these are
good insane cookie go to mrs. feels calm
click on the microphone on the upper
right-hand corner and enter Clavin which
is as you now know que la vie AM gala
mrs. feels calm and you will get 25% off
mrs. Fields best-selling peace love and
cookies tin you get nibblers there is
love bite size cookies brownie bites and
more so click on the microphone and
enter promo code Clavin at mrs. Fields
calm to get the perfect holiday gift 25%
off mrs. Fields calm and enter Clavin
these things I'm telling you they are in
you know I'm not gonna take these home
but I will leave these here so the
people can eat these things and you'll
see the whole place is gonna fall apart
because all they will all they will do
is eat these cookies for the rest of the
until Thanksgiving is over I say I'm
gonna leave it for people but there's
not gonna be anything left you know I've
been watching the scam the scandal that
now this this sex piano well unlike
anything I've ever seen
and just before the camera was gonna
come on I thought I don't want to talk
about this the same way everybody else
is talking about it I actually see
almost everything from let's call it a
spiritual perspective I try to look at
things a little differently I'm not
really a political
person I mean I'm fascinated by politics
because politics is human nature writ
large and that's what makes me so
fascinated with it and its history and
it's all these things unfolding but I
always see it in a kind of different way
let me let me just put this let me just
talk for a minute about religion we
talked about jaysus we got our jzjz you
know I when I read the Gospels I see
something in the man I'm I don't think
I'm the first person to ever see this in
him but it's not the usual thing it's
not the usual religion do be nice
instead of not being nice do good
instead of not being good don't sleep
with this person I don't actually think
that God had to come to earth and die to
let us know that we should treat each
other nicely we know that we should
treat each other nicely when I read the
Gospels what I see is a man who is the
incarnation of God and who therefore has
the consciousness of eternity speaking
to us who only have the consciousness of
time and there's all these conversations
in the Gospels where Jesus is trying to
explain to us that eternity if you live
an eternity in your mind the the world
looks a lot different you don't have to
worry about things you can forgive sins
because an eternity every sin is becomes
tiny right in time the sin is enormous
but an eternity it can be forgiven and
and you can you know if you he's
basically giving you instructions on how
to get your mind into eternity love your
neighbor love God forgive all these
things he's telling you were ways to get
a mindset an eternal mindset but you can
hear Jesus kind of talking to these
people it's almost like he doesn't quite
understand us at first he's saying he
says things like you know Peter tries to
walk on the water like Jesus does and
Peter takes a couple of steps and then
he sinks and Jesus says o ye of little
faith do you think like really how much
faith do you do steps on the water you
know I mean I couldn't take two steps on
the water but what Jesus is learning I
think is he seeing that we don't have
that eternal perspective in the eternal
perspective the mind is the thing the
consciousness is the thing that
dominates in physical reality like
illness just vanishes it's just that's
how Jesus is constantly healing why he's
healing he's showing you that in the
eternal perspective
you know the it really these physical
things that we worry so much about don't
have as much weight and and that's and
that's the whole thing about forgiveness
is you can forgive you know the great
mystic poet William Blake wrote a line
where I'm quoting from memory but it's
something like all throughout eternity I
forgive you and you forgive me with
great great line great couplet of poetry
but in time no sin goes away and this is
the frustration we have for instance
that white people sometimes have with
black people
right in in time in history every sin
every evil
Bin's the arc of history so that it goes
in a certain way and in order to forgive
those sins and rise above them you have
to have an eternal mindset and so each
person is an eternal thing each but a
society is not a society lives in time
but each person is an eternal thing so
when black say oh you know you white
folks held slaves and we save like I
mean I never had a slave you know what
he's talking about yeah my Jews were
slaves out hey like how do you like them
apples you know I mean it's so-so
because we're saying that because in
eternity were innocent each person is
innocent in time the Ark of society was
bent by that evil it just was it and it
and it was bent by Jim Crow and it was
bent by those things and in order to
lift above it somebody has to forgive
somebody has to lift into eternity what
we are seeing now is we are seeing this
play out in real time the things that
are coming out right now are the result
of 25 years of lies and a society that
was trying to up a portion of society
that was trying to socially engineer
this country into something that it
wasn't before and I and yes I am blaming
the left and I'm blaming the media I'm
not blaming people for being left-wing
because I think sometimes left wingers
say important things but I'm blaming a
media that tried to black out one side
of the equation because we talked
truthfully to one another we can
compromise we can forgive each other we
can find a way forward but when the
media just takes over now they have only
one perspective we become wrapped in
these lives 25 years ago we had a
president who was a a serial sexual
abuser he was accused
he's put it in another way he was
plausibly accused of this not just the
media not just him the President himself
the president's wife everyone around him
conspired to make that seem like it
didn't matter bill bennett wrote a
wonderful we had a wonderful comment
last night that commentator Bill Bennett
he said he wrote a book at the time
called the death of outraged where was
the outrage at Bill Clinton's crime and
he says but it turns out outrage wasn't
dead it was just asleep for 25 years
what we're seeing now and the reason
that we're all having such a hard time
dealing with these charges that are
coming out is not just because sex is so
complex and it is complex but but also
because we were told it didn't matter
and now we're being told that it matters
because the Clintons are out of the
picture because they were pushed aside
and this this very aggressive male
figure Donald Trump has risen to the
presidency which was has been traumatic
for someone some women look at that guy
and they think ah that's like that guy
who backed me up in a corner and did
things to me I didn't like that's like
guys I've dealt with all my life they
look at Donald Trump and yes it's women
on the left but still they look at
Donald Trump and they and they hate the
guy and they find it traumatic and
suddenly they're saying well you know I
want to speak about that and I want to
speak about what Harvey Weinstein did to
me and I want to speak about what truck
Charlie Rose did and and all the people
who covered up for Bill Clinton are
saying well okay then we have to have a
reckoning with Bill Clinton and the
people on the right because nothing
disappears in history no lie no wrong
goes away people on the right are saying
well wait you know it's too late it's
too late you can't you know I'm not
gonna ditch my ROI more when you didn't
ditch your Bill Clinton and so there's
this kind of back and forth and in order
for us to get past this we're really
gonna have to take a moral look at
ourselves at all of us the women there
are women who are out there saying you
know men are gonna have to participate
in in this and of course that's true
this is not this is not a sexual thing
the sexual thing is a adjunct of power
abuse I mean the very same reason that
our founders made power disparate the
reason we believe in capitalism is
because it makes power disparate it
separates power and means people play
power off one another we
it's because when power collects it is
abusive because we're who we are what we
are if we want something and we have the
power to take it we will take it so you
know I've just been watching this whole
thing unfold and trying to come to my
own terms with it because yeah you know
let's let's take Roy Moore for a minute
I don't know people keep writing me and
saying this woman who accused way more
of it it's physically assaulting her
when she was young that now they think
that she was lying and Gloria Allred was
involved which always makes everybody
look like you're lying you have to walk
by Gloria Oliver it's like a lie or is
cast over you look like why do I feel
like I owe them standing next to Gloria
Allred but the woman who originally made
the the charge that he had you know
what's the word I could use he put his
hands on her when she was 14
it was not a non-consensual thing in
technically but she was 14 so she had no
ability to give informed consent and he
was 32 her name is Lee Kaufman and she
sounds you know she sounds very you know
reliable let's let's listen to Lee
Kaufman justice he went on TV and she
talked about what happened I wouldn't
exactly call it a date I'd say it was a
meet at 14 I was not dating at 14 I was
not able to make those kind of choices
I met him around the corner from my
house my mother did not know
and he took me to his home
after arriving at his home on the second
occasion that I went with him he
basically laid out some blankets on the
floor of his living room and proceeded
to
seduce me I guess you would say and
during the course of that he removed my
clothing he left the room and came back
in wearing his white underwear
he touched me over my clothing what was
left of it and he
tried to get me to touch him as well and
at that point I pulled back and said
that I was not comfortable and I got
dressed and he took me home so that you
know that's her story so you know the
one thing I will say about Roy Moore is
I don't know why people nobody has come
out recently all this stuff is 3040
years ago and I
I wonder why more didn't just come out
if these things are true if they're true
so why he didn't just come out and say
you know yeah I was a bad guy but now
I'm not and I think the voters of
Alabama probably would have like
forgiven that I don't know what they're
going to do now but but people remember
when Bill Clinton came out all these
feminists suddenly abandoned their
principles and said you know we have to
protect abortion rights and now you have
guys like Steven Moore Steven Moore
excellent economist - writer but he has
become a full-fledged Trumper and Steven
Moore went on and said well what about
you know that yes Roy Moore seems to be
kind of a creep but what about his
opponent Doug Jones Democratic candidate
is for partial-birth abortion and in a
state that's highly Christian and
Catholic I mean so that you know there's
no moral high ground here between the
two candidates except except the one is
a except one except one is an alleged
child molester yeah and the other one is
for partial birth abortion which a lot
of people in Alabama think is which is
the tantamount to murder which is most
people look at that are a political
position as opposed to you know well
look I was just an Alabama last week as
a matter of fact I mean people are
really they're disgusted by Roy Moore's
behavior no question about it a lot of
Republicans have said they're not going
to vote for them but who should make
this decision I mean I that's you know
you all that question who should make
the decision and my my argument is
people in Alabama should make the
decision if I were a little living in
Alabama I wouldn't bother either of
these two I'd vote for you know the you
know somebody like that is actually an
argument you know the thing that the
other I don't know who the other
commentator is is untrue the being for
partial-birth abortion is a political
position if you're a politician but how
many babies would have to be saved
before we would say well I don't care
what Roy Moore did you know it's a
complicated it's a complicated moral
issue and because of feminism and
because of the
of sexual morality since the 60s it's
very hard to make the case it's very
hard to make the case that like we all
have this kind of consensus of what
sexual morality should look like where
we might have to have more of a
consensus that you know you shouldn't
kill babies I mean it's like kind of I
think that's a and you know more is not
making he's not making a completely
immoral point people who are making
completely immoral points guys like this
pastor Earle wise I mean this is one of
the things that you know evangelical
Christians have been traditionally very
sexually you know rigid they think this
is right and this is wrong and this kind
of sex right well you know now here's a
guy who says who that this pastor Earl
wise gave an interview he says I don't
know how much these women are getting
paid these accusers are getting paid but
I can only believe they're getting a
healthy sum why said he would support
more even if the allegations were true
and the candidate was proved to have
sexually molested teenage girls from
women there ought to be a statute of
limitations on this stuff how these gals
came up with this I don't know they must
have had some sweet dreams somewhere
down the line plus there are some
14-year olds who the way they look could
pass for 20 deplorable this is like it's
like it never happened and it was a long
time ago you know some of these girls
there are no angels you know they're
asking for
I mean it's knots it's nuts you know and
if that's your if that's your position
what you're essentially saying is I will
vote for anybody for any reason
whatsoever
what stephen moore was saying it's an
argument it's an argument if he says
look you know these are two bad guys i
don't agree with his argument just like
i didn't agree with the nevertrump errs
that you don't vote for anyone
unfortunately in a binary choice i just
think that's a weak moral argument I
think it is a weak moral argument not to
vote for anyone when one of them is
gonna win I think you have to make a
choice obviously if you think they're
equally bad if you think what they would
do is equally bad if you think their
effect on the country is equally bad
that's different but even even so I
think you have to you know if it's a
binary choice you should pay your money
and take your choice hey I have to stop
but I want to I want to get on to the
fact that this goes beyond sex I mean I
know that sex is this thing we all love
to talk about but it goes beyond that
novel
but that in just a second but first I
have to talk about underwear and this is
like this is this is like the most
sexual show I mean everything I say goes
right back to your crotch
but at least at least this is a good
honest crotch talk because you want your
cross to become comfortable and that's
why you want to wear me undies is the
underwear of pirates I'm a on Days best
the most comfortable pirates wear me
undies
you know they're actually you know they
sent me some of these they are insanely
comfortable and I wear them to hiking
because that's when I need all this
flexibility and everything and they're
really saw they're made if I don't know
what they're made of but it's not like
cotton it it's actually softer than
cotton and and they also have all these
different styles and patterns to choose
from for both men and women and you can
go on then the styles change all the
time and you can actually tell them what
you like and what you don't like if you
go to me undies dot-com Clavin I guess
it's probably comm slash Clavin it
doesn't say slash but it's not Conclave
of yeah it's the last Clavin yeah you
will get 20% off the best and softest
underwear and socks you will ever own
and you get free shipping and a hundred
percent satisfaction guarantee and you
know I'm kind of obviously conservative
so I go for the black and the gray and
all this but they have all these crazy
designs and smiley faces and the whole
thing is you can have on your underwear
and it actually is a lot of fun if you
like your underwear to be fun
I just want comfort and that's it me on
des comm slash Clavin the undies comm
slash Clavin to give you 20% off the
best and softest underwear and socks
you'll ever own free shipping and a
hundred percent satisfaction guarantee
and you will get that make that pirate
joke to your wife until she's just
absolutely sick and tired about ah you
know the thing about this is though all
these sins of the past coming back they
skew the moral order of our society and
this is not just true Clinton it is also
true of Obama and one of the things that
is happening now and and the over the
weekend Chris Wallace wrote a piece in
The Washington Post saying Donald Trump
is a threat to the Free Press by his
constant attacks on the free
press and I thought no no no you know
the press earned Donald Trump Donald
Trump is like is to the press what
Godzilla is to nuclear tests
you know remember in those old Japanese
movies they do a nuclear test and it
would create you know this gigantic
lizard who come and destroy Tokyo the
nuclear test that these guys did was the
lies about Obama now something some of
this stuff is now coming up one of the
biggest scandals of the scandal-free
Obama administration because they're all
the press universally they said Oh what
wonderful scandal free of scandal free
one of the biggest scandals was this IRS
scandal what happened was there was this
Supreme Court decision Citizens United
which basically said that corporations
cannot be stopped from spending money
like individuals on a campaign on a
campaign and that was right I mean it
was David Boss he made an anti Hillary
film they wouldn't show the anti Hillary
film on television because they said
over that essentially is a campaign
donation and the Supreme Court said no
that's a violation of free speech rights
and the left went nuts because Hillary
why they wanted to silence guy named
Obama started giving speeches about
these dark these dark organizations with
their unknown funding that were a threat
to our democracy and Lois Lerner who was
the director of the exempt organizations
unit of the eternal Revenue Service
started to slow-walk tax-exempt
registration for Tea Party groups any
group that had a tea party or patriot in
its title so that they couldn't speak
during obama's reelection campaign so
obama effectively used the IRS I mean
this is a tremendous violation of
anything that could be considered
constitutional governance used the IRS
the most powerful agency in the country
to silence his opponents to help him get
reelected and it came out and when Lois
Lerner went before the before Congress
and was questioned first she said no I'm
not guilty this is the way it worked
this is the way and then she pled the
fifth which you're not supposed to do
just so you remember here's Lois Lerner
the director of the exempt organizations
unit of the Internal Revenue Service
going before Congress and pleading the
fifth amendment listen in February of
President Obama stated that there was
not a smidgen of corruption in the IRS
targeting miss Lerner do you believe
that there is not a smidgen of
corruption in the IRS targeting of
conservatives on the advice of my
counsel I respectfully exercised my
Fifth Amendment right and declined to
answer that question okay now because
she had already said something she had
waived her Fifth Amendment rights by
speaking that was the argument she was
held in contempt but instead of
prosecuting that John Boehner sent it
over to Obama's Justice Department and
the most corrupt Justice Department in
American history and they just dumped it
they let her go later she was sued and
they settled two lawsuits and admitted
that they had done this thing okay so
now a tea party guy is trying to get the
testimony from Lois Lerner's testimony
and her her deputy Holly Pass they're
trying to get that testimony released so
the American public can see what they
said and and and get through this fifth
amendment silence is wala Fifth
Amendment silence which the IRS should
not be allowed to do in the first place
so she is filed a motion that's where
that's true Lois Lerner has filed a
motion saying in her bid I'm reading
this from Bill McGowan in the Wall
Street Journal in her bid to keep her
testimony and a recently settled Tea
Party lawsuit against the IRS secret
Lois Lerner has Lois Lerner and her
former IRS deputy Holly Paz filed put a
filing to a judge they want to persuade
a judge to keep their testimony from
becoming public and this is what they
said public dissemination of their
deposition testimony would expose them
and their families to harassment and in
a credible risk of violence and physical
harm in other words you'd be so ticked
off and what the IRS did that you would
actually attack them and that's their
argument their argument is we're so
awful we did such a terrible terrible
thing that if the American public were
to find out about it we'd be screwed
they're up for keeping it silent you
know there's more I want to go on but I
really have to go on to the Scott Adams
interview just please stay tuned
to this it is just a really fascinating
thing the guy's a fascinating guy skaia
he's the creator of the Dilbert comic
strip which as I say in during the
course of the interview is one of the
really hilarious comic strips but he is
also a man who studied persuasion and
hypnotism and when Donald Trump was
running and all of us were saying Donald
Trump can never win he can never win
scott adams said no he's going to win
and now he's written a book called win
big li persuasion in a world where facts
don't matter which talks about why he
knew that trump would win take a listen
it's really interesting scott adams at
first of all let me tell you it is just
a delight to have you here I think
Dilbert is up there with Calvin and
Hobbes is one of the great comic strips
of all time really terrific stuff thank
you but we're here to talk about win big
Lee your new book win big Lee persuasion
for the world where facts don't matter
which is certainly the world we seem to
be living in let's let's start with
Donald Trump because obviously from the
title this is who you're talking about
you you'd predicted Trump's win
basically when everybody was giving him
zero chance at all what did you see that
everybody else missed well I'm a trained
hypnotist and I've been studying
persuasion in all of its various forms
for communication for decades as part of
what I do as a writer and I recognize
fairly early on that he possessed an
arsenal of technique for persuasion the
likes of which I've never seen one of
the most complete talent stacks that
you'll ever see and by a talent stack I
mean a combination of skills their work
especially well together so he's got the
you know the technique but on top of
that he's good in front of the public
he's tall you know size matters he's got
that big personality he's got an
appetite for risk for controversy so
those are things you don't often or
maybe never find in the same person
that's that's what makes you president
if you have all of that working at the
same time so you're beautiful policy at
all you weren't thinking about you know
demographics or anything like that just
his ability to persuade right you know
of course everybody after the elections
over everybody looks back I think CNN
had 24 different reasons that he won
they were all completely obvious after
he won but not before right so I made
him so I made a big deal of the fact
that I was so sure I said I'm gonna
predict he's gonna win so that I'm not
doing high-end casting like everybody
else will do when he wins and I did a
number of in-between predictions just to
make the point that that the the
persuasion filter as I called it would
give you a better prediction ability so
for example the the first day that I
heard low energy Jeb right most most of
the world was just saying that's
inappropriate for a candidate that's
silly and I publicly and loudly said
that's the end of the Jeb Bush campaign
because because there was so much
technique in that there wasn't obvious
that we could talk about that later but
and then I also called the the top four
Carly Fiorina and I called the top and
the polls for Ben Carson and each of
those calls was based on persuasion as a
as a means of seeing the future wow that
really is amazing I mean so I have to
ask this because well what I listen to
you talk first of all you have an
incredibly dry sense of humor and you
also just looking at Dilbert you have a
wonderful sense of the absurd which I
greatly appreciate I'm not always sure
that you whether or not you're
supporting Trump as he is now I mean do
you like what he's doing as an actual
politician persuasion aside so
politically I labeled myself as left of
Bernie except by prefer plans that have
some chance of working you know in other
words right wingers
I'd love to have universal health care
and free college I just don't have to
get there but if we could I'd love those
things
sure and on the big stuff I'm not smart
enough to know the best way to fight
Isis or the best tax plan or that stuff
so I tend to take a sideline and just
observe observe the show
I do enjoy the president's sense of
humor I love that I love what I call
this show you know he brings the theater
all the time he's used the first was
that effectively merged theater and
politics and totally made it work you
know it was it was jarring to people at
first but we saw most recently in his
latest North Korea tweet where he went
he finally it felt like he was he was
breaking the fourth wall you know for
the first time he looked at the audience
and said wink all the other times up and
to this point you wondered or at least
half of the country wondered the other
half didn't but half the country said is
he just crazy does he have no impulse
control what's going on and half the
country was like oh that's funny you
know good one so so finally he brought
in the other half now they understand
it's intentional and and that might
change the conversation a little bit I I
have to say I left four straight five
minutes at that tweet and when somebody
I said was saying oh wow we've fallen so
far since Churchill actually I wasn't
sure that in this culture Churchill
wouldn't have said exactly the same
thing that might have been exact where
it would have gone yeah so yeah I got I
got a think Churchill would have been on
Twitter you're absolutely right good
night so used talk about a world where
facts don't matter is this a change is
this something new this happened no it's
something new that we're realizing when
when Trump first you know came on the
scene I realized that he would change
more than politics and I predicted that
in the beginning to back in 2015 I said
he's gonna change more than politics
he's going to change how humans see
their place in the world you know how we
see reality itself and here's the shift
as a hypnotist when your hypnosis school
the first thing you have to learn in
order for any of it to work
is you have to understand that people
are irrational 90% of the time sure and
we rationalize our decisions as if we
did use logic and facts now the
hypnotist knows this but it's only done
in recent years that you're seeing a
number of popular books let's say the
last 10 to 20 years you've seen some
books trickle out that that put the
light to that you know condom and thank
you fast and small influence books by
Jill Dini now pre suasion by Jill Dini
the book nudge these are all books that
speak of the science this shows that
people only imagine that they're making
rational choices and now we're also
seeing insiders from Google and the big
tech companies saying you think you know
you think you know why you do things but
we know why you're doing it we're making
you do these things we're we're
influencing you to such a degree that
you're actually addicted to our
platforms it's all intentional you don't
really have free will in the way you
imagine do you have it before I saw that
developing and I thought this is way
bigger than politics so that's what you
know causes me to want to write about it
so much yeah yeah we're talking Scott
Adams
not only the Dilbert creator but also
the author of wind Bigley persuasion in
a world where facts don't matter I mean
this is another thing social media has
sort of upped the game and I myself
frequently find myself addicted to
Twitter have to keep breaking the
addiction and they do it on purpose but
you made the comment that basically
social media is now our brain what does
that mean exactly well when I do a
periscope which is the streaming service
that Twitter owns and I may have you
know 1500 people watching at the same
time I can have a thought and a unform
thought I put it out there and
immediately Corrections come in they
they fact correct me they augment it
they they extend it and and so it's it's
almost like there's one brain operating
in real-time now you see it more that's
distinctly in there in a live setting
where the comments are coming in at the
same time you're talking but I would say
is true of you know all the social media
it's a one person's brain it gets
critique
and augmented the good ideas become
viral the bad ideas die which is very
much like your own thoughts you know
your your good thoughts rise to the
surface you think about it a lot and
they maybe inform what you do social
media is the same thing the good ones
rise to the top they become viral and it
starts informing what we all do
including you know each individual so we
do have something like a collective
brain at this point that's a hive mind
year so the book is called wind Bigley
and by the way I haven't received it I
didn't receive it in time to read it and
I'm going to read it but I I did last
week have dinner with one of the
smartest conservative editors I know a
guy named Brian Anderson he was he is it
was almost finished with and he just
thought it was absolutely terrific I
mean he was absolutely immersed in it
and felt it was a very serious book had
a lot of really important things to say
even though they were set in an
entertaining way it's called win big Lea
which kind of suggests there's something
we can we can learn from the this where
we can something we can learn from
Donald Trump to in our own lives is that
true yes so it's organized as a bunch of
persuasion tips that anybody could use
in any context you know work or politics
or their social life and a lot of people
don't know that Trump had as his pastor
at his church when he was a kid the
whole family had their pastor their
pastor was a norman vincent peale
Oh now some people of the least my age
recognized him as what may be the most
well at the time he was probably the
most influential author and he wrote the
power of positive thinking which
essentially I'll summarize you know the
whole book which is the he was the first
who said you can reframe the way you're
thinking about things and that will
cause you to be successful until then
that wasn't really a thing he was really
the one who pioneered that and he was so
influential in his day that people
accused him of being a hypnotist now you
see his influence in the president
already the other day for example he was
talking about their GDP and most
presidents would say hey we got three
percent that's great isn't it hey
everybody that's great and they'd stop
there he doesn't do that he went full
Norman Vince
peel and you see this all kinds of all
kinds of ways you said we got 3% that's
great except for the hurricane we
probably would have had 4% I think we're
gonna have 4% yeah 4% is coming now what
he's done is he's put our brains into
that yeah I think we're going to 4% that
will cause people to actually be more
optimistic because they're hearing it
from a you know the top source the
president and they might invest more and
if they invest more that becomes the
reality so he is literally thinking the
the economy into a higher state no no
this is an accident he's got the
background he has the influence and we
see the tools and technique so while I
you know credit Obama with the strong
base of the economy
I give him 75% of the credit for at
least the first year of the Trump
administration there's clearly a 25%
impact that his optimism his approach is
reducing regulations is clawing back
jobs and businesses even talked about
taxes these are psychologically having a
big impact that's why the stock market's
up it's why consumer confidence is up
it's why you know the jobs numbers are
remained good and I would expect that to
continue because he has exactly the
right kind of background to to keep that
up now what about the moral hazard I
mean this is the thing you keep hearing
from the never Trump errs that basically
if we are going to surrender to this
world of thinking positively but not
thinking truthfully of not thinking that
facts matter I mean surely facts matter
in the sense that if you don't take into
account the fact that the road ends over
here you're gonna drive off the road and
off the cliff right I mean the facts I
mean I've been very committed to the
idea of truth my whole life and it
really does seem to me that we're living
in a time where irrational arguments are
made with absolute sanctimony that you
know that people make a rational
arguments with absolute conviction and
sanctimony there are moral hazard to
ascribing to a world
non-factual world well so here's the
thing persuasion is a set of tools and
like any tool you could use it for good
or bad you couldn't hit somebody and
they handed with a hammer if you want to
but you know it's better if you build a
house with it so we all have essentially
the same set of ethical preferences
right so we're starting with that but I
want to be clear that we aren't we
aren't suddenly choosing a preference
for ignoring facts literally nobody has
that preference we could if we could
have the facts and they would help us we
would all prefer that what we're
witnessing instead is a higher level of
awareness that the facts don't affect us
the way they should and we don't really
know the facts I just saw I think it was
today an article somebody forwarded
around from Slate and somebody in Slate
was Noah salon one of those and we're
saying that gosh why is it that the
Conservatives are always fooled by
science and get all the facts wrong that
was a perfect example of someone who was
in their bubble and believes that there
are correct facts and they have access
to them in a secret way that some half
of the country can't see now the truth
is that both sides are irrational and
both aren't quite certain that the set
of facts that they're looking at are the
real ones and what the hell is wrong
with the people in that other bubble
right so so the only thing I'm adding
and I guess I could I could steal a
little but from Richard Dawkins who used
to say if he's the famous atheist and
you used to say I'm practically like
everybody else I only believe in one
fewer God which is very clever
so with these these bubbles I'm
suggesting that we're all in a bubble so
I'm not suggesting that only half of us
is which was the old way of looking at
things okay fair enough and where do you
think when you look at the country I
mean I've had some very funny
conversations with Trump supporters like
Victor Davis Hanson when I've said to
him doesn't remind you of the fall of
the Roman Republic and he said oh
absolutely it looks exactly like
do you think we're headed for bad times
because of this or do you think this is
actually just a another level of
understanding I think and this might be
the most controversial prediction okay
it's starting to look like we're on the
verge of a golden age that's like and I
mean a serious golden age I'll just give
you some it's just a little bit why I
think that first of all there's no such
thing as shortages anymore at least for
the industrial country there's nothing
we need that we don't have access to so
that means your economy is good you can
educate people you know if they want to
incentive and you know the internet
helps that as well but I saw today
somebody passed around a $2,000 body
imaging device that would at least do
some of what maybe an MRI would have
done for $2000 handheld and so these are
the kinds of things that are coming
online so right now what's your biggest
problem healthcare cost too much there's
a whole bunch of stuff happening and
I've seen some of it because I invest in
startups so I've seen what's coming down
the pike and there are a bunch of
devices that will sit on the table hold
in your hand you know look on the
internet that are gonna make those costs
you know drop 90% if we allow it you
know assuming that the laws and
everything are friendly so I think
healthcare is gonna be inexpensive
I see Bill Gates just decided to build a
fresh city from you know bare ground to
try to figure out what is the optimal
living arrangement which is a great
start you see you know Elon Musk
tunneling under the cities to improve
everything from transportation to who
knows what so if we can get North Korea
under control you know that's the big
wild card and if we can you know avoid
whatever climate change things are ahead
of us those are big wildcards we're
looking really good because I don't
think China is gonna attack I don't
think Russia is gonna attack we're on
the verge of having no serious enemies
except for terrorism that will be
ongoing
and an economy that is insanely good
you know we could be almost there now
you know that's funny I think many of
the same things about this and it's very
hard to convince people to be that
optimistic you obviously are a hypnotist
so you've convinced me if I if after
this interview I go out and cluck like a
chicken every time a white Volkswagen
goes by I'll know that the interview is
much different than I remember Scott
Adams
the author of wind Bigley persuasion in
a world where facts don't matter I'm a
big fan I appreciate your coming on I
hope you come back thank you so much
thanks a lot all right really
interesting interview but we are out of
time I got to say goodbye the mailbag is
tomorrow go on The Daily wire calm click
podcast click my podcast hit the mailbag
ask your questions answers guaranteed
correct and will change your life
on occasion for the better I'm Andrew
Clavin this is the Andrew Clavin show
we'll talk to you again tomorrow
