this is a bus this is the clintons this
is the clintons under the bus in order
to take advantage of the Roy Moore sex
scandal the Democrats have to throw the
Clintons under the bus it also helps
with the rise of the socialist wing of
the party so it's lots of fun to take
responsibility now that there is no
price to pay the political price to pay
for actual ease talking about predator
and Chief Bill and his Moll
Hillary alright we're gonna talk about
that plus we got Cassie J a feminist
filmmaker who took the red pill as she
was making her film the red pill about
the men's movement trigger warning I'm
Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Clavin show
see Topsy the Zipit easing its
all right so much stuff going on the
mailbag is tomorrow got to be in the
mailbag you have to subscribe to be in
the mailbag a lousy 10 bucks a month and
I will solve all of your problems you
can ask anything you want you what you
do is you go on I'm gonna get this right
one day you go on you hit the podcast
button and then there's Andrew Clavin
show and then mailbag button you hit the
mailbag button you can ask anything you
want religious questions personal
questions political questions answers
are guaranteed a hundred percent correct
and will change your life on occasion
for the better and and while you're
asking questions today is the
conversation with Michael Knowles 5:00
p.m. Eastern 2 p.m. Pacific Michaels
conversation will stream live on The
Daily wire web site Facebook page and
YouTube channel and it will be free for
everyone to watch but again only
subscribers can ask Knowles the
questions subscribe now to ask Knowles
questions and join the conversation
and you want to especially try to attack
the Pope because he if he can defend
himself plus we have a new sponsor and I
have this one now listen you don't have
to listen to this at this ad is strictly
for my wife okay so all I want is for my
wife to hear this ad or if you happen to
be a woman who wants to get something
for Christmas for a guy or you happen to
be a guy wants something from Christmas
for from a girl or you even are just a
guy who wants to get something for
yourself you have got to check out man
crates but I'm talking basically to my
wife here so just it's man crates calm
is the surest way to find gifts that
guys will actually love guaranteed I
mean I have this every Christmas my wife
says to me what do you want for
Christmas and I say you know I got
everything I don't know I think most
guys will like this right but this isn't
some kind of cheese of the Month Club or
new tie or anything man crates offers
over a hundred hand curated gift
collections for every type of guy from
the rugged outdoorsman to the sports
fanatic everything in between they've
got like the whiskey appreciation crate
I hope you were hearing that mrs. Clavin
the whiskey appreciation crate with a
personalized decanter and glasses for a
guy's favorite drink
grow master crate with a brass knuckle
meat tenderizer and a cast-iron smoker
box I love this I love this just go to
man crates calm and pick the perfect
crate and choose the delivery date and
when the crate arrives the guy gets a
crowbar it comes with a laser engraved
crowbar and you get to pry open the
crate Men's Health Allure magazine are
saying that man crates are the perfect
gift for men and those who don't agree
on anything they have thousands of
five-star reviews and every man crate
comes with a hundred percent
satisfaction guarantee
I hope certain people are listening to
this you can own the holidays if you go
to man crates dot-com slash Clavin
everybody wants this right but you got
to spell it with que la vie a.m. you get
five percent off your order that's at
man crates dot-com slash Clavin five
percent off man crates CRA tes obviously
dot-com slash Clavin
I hope certain people are listening like
the greatest thing ever I will test it
out but I haven't tested it out yet and
it really does sound terrific alright so
we have to first of all talk about the
new accusations against Roy Moore a
woman came out but this is the fifth act
woman accusing him that obviously Roy
Moore of the guy who is slated to
replace Jeff Sessions and the Alabama
Senate he's running for election against
the Democrat in a very red state but
this is really hurting him
Beverly young Nelson's the fifth woman
she came out at a press conference with
Gloria Allred know normally when you sit
next to Gloria Allred you immediately
look like you're lying just like this
hit girl lawyer but but this she says
that more trapped her in his car forty
years ago when she was 16 and jet this
is not like you know put his handler he
genuinely attacked her play the first
cut of this instead of answering my
questions mr. Moore reached over and
began groping me him putting his hands
my breasts I tried to open my car door
to leave but he reached over and he
locked it so I could not get out
I tried fighting him off while yelling
at him to stop but instead I was
stopping he began squeezing my neck
attempting to force my head onto his
crotch I continued to struggle I was
determined that I was not going to allow
him to force me to have sex with him I
was terrified yeah okay so if you think
that accusation can't get any worse
wait'll you're this here's the second
gun you're just a child and he said I am
the district attorney I better walk
honey
any of you tell anyone about this no one
will ever believe you so I forget which
of the ten commandments forbids you to
try to rape children and then bully them
into silence but I think it could be all
like every page of the Bible holy moly I
mean that's bad and it's it's hard to
look at that woman
and think like yeah she's like some paid
informant I mean she looked like she was
telling the truth to me I gotta say I
you know Roy Moore let's be fair he says
it ain't so she says that they met at a
restaurant called the Old Hickory house
restaurant and here is Moore's response
I want to address what's been brought
out in television today by Gloria Allred
in a client that she has about things I
allegedly did I want to make it
perfectly clear the people of Alabama
know me they know my character they know
what I've stood for in the political
world for over 40 years
and I can tell you without hesitation
this is absolutely false I never did
what she said I did I don't even know
the woman I don't know anything about
her I don't
to know where the restaurant is or was
and if you look at this situation you'll
see that because I'm 11 points ahead or
Ken or eleven points ahead this race
being just 28 days off that this is a
political maneuver and has nothing to do
with reality it's all about politics
okay so the thing is she said he says
he's never heard of the restaurant
doesn't know where it is never met the
woman she has produced a her high school
yearbook can we have a picture of that
that says it's signed Roy Moore it says
to a sweeter more beautiful girl I could
not say Merry Christmas Christmas 1977
love Roy Moore DA 1220 277 Old Hickory
house you're doing as well here it's you
you might be these women beginning to
look pretty believable in which case you
are a piece o crap like F that story is
true you are a piece o crap they you
know this the Republicans obviously in
Congress are just had it with this and
Mitch McConnell Mitch McConnell has
absolutely no patience with sex scandals
remember the Larry Craig I mean Larry
Craig he's the guy who was arrested at
the Minneapolis Airport by a cop and
undercover cop who was picking up guys
because they would apparently the gay
guys would pick up people through the
stalls or something and he he busted
Larry Craig and Mitch McConnell has no
absolutely no patience with that and
that was a big one because that really
cost a lot of seats and then there was
Bob Packwood he was from Oregon he
resigned in 1995 under the threat of
expulsion and so this is Mitch McConnell
talking yesterday a tight-lipped
I mean Mitch McConnell does him a lot of
lip to begin with he's got pretty thin
lips to begin with but they were they
were vanished they had vanished
this is him answering questions at the
Capitol is there none more to prove
these false vs. someone to prove
through in this situation or do you
believe these allegations to be true I
believe the women yes I did I think you
should step aside that's an option we're
looking at whether or not there is
someone who could mount a write-in
campaign successfully I will say so yeah
there there was one thing they were
floating where apparently the Governor
of Alabama can reappoint Jeff Sessions
back to the seat but session says that's
not happening he doesn't want you know
he wants nothing to do with that he
likes where he is in the Justice
Department though he may not have liked
where he was this morning before
Congress being grilled about absolutely
nothing it seemed like the may it was a
really bizarre anyway so they it's a
real problem
Steve Bannon and his folks remember
Bannon is responsible for this and I
said this yesterday Bannon is a lot to
answer for and if this guy loses this
election I mean look if he wins and then
the Senate throws him out which way I
think be for Republicans would probably
be the best outcome I mean he wins but
they toss him out and they're allowed to
do that they can't expel a senator you
know it on grounds like this for stuff
like this but Steve Bennett now to be
fair this is a couple of days ago this
was after the first Washington Post
story came out about this but Bannon has
stuck in the right board son Bart sites
have been concentrating on kind of
attacking the accusers and this is
Bannon still defending him a couple days
ago
as far as inclusion going on
the because of Amazon Washington Post
did the Billy Bush and they did the hit
on yeah I don't know Steve buddy you
know this one really this one really
smells I mean I when you hear a woman
talking like that I think every first of
all I think most men their their hearts
immediately go like ah you know I don't
like you anymore or mr. Moore just a bad
thing I don't mean to laugh about it
obviously it's a terrible thing but I
think the corruption makes me laugh what
can I say yeah that's that's my problem
the problem that the Democrats have is
to take advantage of this and to be you
know pompous and sanctimonious as
Democrats love to be they have got to go
back and redeem themselves on Bill
Clinton there is a great story in the
Atlantic that has gotten a lot Skyler
Drudge link it's got a lot of play
yesterday was on insta pundit and it's
by Caitlin Flanagan and I should mention
because I'm going to praise the piece so
unrelentingly I should mention that
Caitlin is my sister who exactly my
sister-in-law but she has been like a
little sister to me for these past 40
years you could tell she's like a sister
to me because I just annoy the hell out
of her that's what big brothers are
supposed to do right we just annoy and
pester them but I also love her and I'm
so I'm she's an incredible writer and
she has become an excellent excellent
journalist I'm so proud of her I have to
just say and she just talks about she
talks about the things that Bill Clinton
was credibly accused of doing the
Broderick reported that when she was a
volunteer in one of his gubernatorial
campaigns she had arranged to meet with
him at a hotel at the last minute he
changed the location to a room in the
hotel where she says he very violently
raped her
she said she fought against Clinton
throughout a rape that left her bloodied
Paula Jones obviously Kathleen Kathleen
Willey and she says this is what Caitlyn
writes it was a pattern of behavior it
included an alleged violent assault the
women involved had far more credible
evidence than many of the most notorious
accusations that have come to light in
the past five weeks but Clinton was not
left to the swift and pitiless justice
that too
days accused men have experienced rather
he was rescued by a surprising force
machine feminism this is Caitlyn
flanagan writing the atlantic machine
feminism the movement had by then
ossified into a partisan operation and
it was willing eager to let this friend
of the sisterhood enjoy a little droite
the senior i don't know how to pronounce
it but it means the right of the lord
basically the notorious 1998 new york
times op-ed by Gloria Steinem and she
links to it and you have to read it must
surely stands is one of the most
regretted public actions of steinem's
life at slut-shamed victim blamed and
age shamed it urged compassion for and
gratitude to the man the women accused
moreover it characterized contemporary
feminism as a weaponized auxiliary of
the Democratic Party and here's her
conclusion the Democratic Party needs to
make its own reckoning of the way it
protected Bill Clinton the party needs
to come to terms with the fact that it
was so enraptured by their brilliant big
dog president and his stunning string of
progressive accomplishments that
abandoned that it abandoned some of its
central principles the party was on the
wrong side of history and there are
consequences for that yet expedience is
not the only reason to make this public
accounting if it is possible for
politics and moral behavior to coexist
then this grave wrong needs to be
acknowledged now today there's an op-ed
in The New York Times a former newspaper
called something like I believe Juanita
Broderick so the New York time in
whatever exists said hell has frozen
over she said and and let's remember the
thing that you know when you go back at
this
remember the Democrats and the press are
the same organization that Democrats and
the media are the same organization so
when you go back it's the media to that
is to blame it's it's the media who is
they are the Democrats I just want to
play this clip because this is
unbelievable Don Imus who remember Don
Imus was chased off the air by Media
Matters the same group that's now the
same Soros group that's now trying to
chase Sean Hannity off the air total hit
group but anyway Imus is interviewing
Dan Rather Grant godfather of fake news
right and he's asking Dan Rather
why they're not covering the Juanita
Broderick story this is at the time that
the wanita Broderick story came out and
the press and the Democrats were
protecting and the feminists were
protecting Bill Clinton it's worth
listening to this because it's
incredible and this evenness this
Juanita Broderick thing that this
interview that the people of their
limousine is have been sitting on for
some reason who knows but well I think
the reason is pretty obvious that
they're they they don't call me and tell
me why they run or don't run these
things I think it's pretty obvious
they're nervous about number one whether
this information is accurate whether
it's really true or not and then number
two even if it does it turned out to be
true it happened a long time ago and
number three they got to be figuring
maybe just maybe the American public has
heard all they want to hear about this
and they're saying you know next let's
move on to the next thing I was reading
you then time or Newsweek that even the
woman herself Juanita Broderick said she
hoped that's the same one away this week
even she was sicker and about her story
but what I hope she gets her way with
that but then somebody from NBC News
told me that she wasn't clear about
exactly when it happened but then her
son called me and he's he's an attorney
someplace and I guess in Arkansas and he
wanted me to know why called me God
knows but wanted me to know that that
was not the case you know exactly when
it was and it was there was some other
reason he thought they were sitting on
this is old news and we're just tired of
hearing about it and it happened so long
ago and we don't necessarily you know we
don't know whether to believe the one
we're just tired of all this and he
basically covers up for Bill Clinton
it's an amazing piece of journalistic
conspiracy and Dan Rather the fact that
Dan Rather still had a job after this is
an incredible fact let's let's listen to
another guy who went on to become the
head journalist at ABC George
Stephanopoulos and this is
Stephanopoulos back at the time this is
92 so this before the Monica Lewinsky
story but it's it's after all of the you
know what they called at that time the
bimbo eruptions today they call them
women accusing men but then they were
called bimbo eruptions that's what they
were day deemed by Bill and Hillary
and Hillary Clinton was part of this she
helped to silence these women here's
George Stephanopoulos now head
journalist at ABC now governor Clinton
has a character problem but I take it
that your line of Clinton has no
Caroline counter-attack is that it son
well I mean he is he has not denied that
he has engaged in marital infidelity he
denied his specific said that he had
problems in his back right and he has
talked about the draft and to some
people as a character problem Bill
Clinton's past his character tests
throughout his life and throughout this
campaign and he's done' through his
commitments to real fights and what he's
gonna do in this campaign is focus on
the most important to the American
people on the jobs and the education
that's what the American people care
about they want to move into the future
they don't want to be diverted by side
issues so so you know I'm gonna say
something a little different I'm sort of
working my way through this because I
believe there is something that has gone
on here why are we doing this why now we
have Republicans and people were writing
me yesterday when I went off on Roy
Moore they were saying no we have to if
we if we fight you know it's just like
the the Muslims if we don't fight the
Muslims if we don't you know strike back
against them if the same thing with the
Democrats we have to strike back against
them it doesn't matter what Roy Moore
did we have to defend ourselves again
we're doing this because we're terrified
of one another
we're terrified of one another the
Democrats back in the day defended Bill
Clinton because they were terrified of
us who they thought we were they thought
we were the the you know the religious
crazy fundamentalists who were going to
come and wrap them up what's that show
on TV the based on the Margaret at work
not novel The Handmaid's Tale they
thought they thought they were living in
the handmade still they still think that
they're still terrified they're living
in this imaginary world where
Republicans are coming to take their sex
lives away and you know their precious
abortion rights which maybe we do want
to take away but you know they're
they're talking about us as if we're
these crazy loons these crazy religious
loons who want to crush them now what
happened was because the press was owned
by them because they have the powerful
arm of the press they have the powerful
arm of the Academy they have the
powerful arm of show biz it created this
atmosphere where they could essentially
exclude us they could make us all seem
like we were nuts but what we did is we
built an alternative press we built Fox
News we built the the
an alternative academy in the think
tanks that we have all over the place
and we were treated into our world where
we could demonize them and now we are
terrified of them and the question is is
art fear is our fear justified
listen conservatives are always fighting
the tide because the tide is always for
bigger government government naturally
expands the powerful want more power
whether the Republican or Democrats the
Democrats at least openly have the
philosophy of more power the Republicans
pretend to have a philosophy with less
power but they're powerful people so
they want more power so Republicans are
always a slightly at a disadvantage
conservatives are always slightly to
disadvantage it's true but are we
justified in really being this afraid of
one another so afraid of one another
that we can't talk I mean what if we
read we took the questions and said
instead of let's take the questions of
Islamic immigration just for a minute
and then I'll get to my guest but let me
take the question of Islamic immigration
just for a minute
the the left says oh you guys for
Islamophobic bigots you're horrible
hateful terrible people that you want to
ban Islamic immigration or limit Islamic
immigration and we say you guys hate
America and you're bringing in these
terrorists to kill us and you just want
to destroy everything that's good and
beautiful and you pretend to be feminist
but you love these guys who dress their
women in birkoff's but what if those are
the extreme cases what if those people
exist but what if somewhere in the 70%
of us who are in the center there are
other questions what if on one side
there are people who are concerned about
religious persecution religious you know
bigotry can get very ugly very quickly
and you can have a Holocaust the
Holocaust really did happen with after
centuries of people picking on Jews so
maybe they're afraid of that maybe we
can talk to them about that and we can
say hey you know on our side we this is
a creedal nation we have a Creed and
it's that creed that allows us to accept
all kinds of different people but what
if there's something is in the Islamic
Creed that doesn't work with our Creed
so maybe we do have to limit immigration
that's a debate between people of
goodwill that's a debate you can have
that's a debate where you don't have to
be afraid of one another the press the
the fact that the press is so left-wing
and the fact that we have retreated into
our own right-wing cocoon is what causes
us to hate and fear one another such
that we're willing to support sexual
predators if they will keep our majority
in in Congress or
in the Senate and I think that that's
it's a problem it is a genuine problem
and I think people of goodwill are gonna
have to start reaching out across the
aisle because the press is our enemy
here the media is our enemy
they want to cause hatred on the other
side because they're all on one side and
and our press is all on one side and I
think and that sells that sells that
gets good ratings and somehow we're
gonna have to get around that roadblock
of the media and start to talk to one
another face-to-face because when we
start to do that we don't have to be I
hope we don't have to be quite as afraid
hey the conversation is coming up with
Michael Knowles who is I don't know what
does he do I saw I know I saw him
wandering around the halls but you can
ask him questions today at 5 p.m.
Eastern 2 p.m. Pacific it will stream
live on The Daily wire website Facebook
page and YouTube channel and it's free
for everyone to watch and just Mach
Knowles which is always a pleasure
but subscribers can ask questions and
mock Noel's face to face subscribe now
to ask Noel's questions and join the
conversation I got to say goodbye
to Facebook and YouTube but we have
Cassie J coming up a filmmaker who made
an it really fascinating film called the
red pill and it affected her life we're
gonna talk to her about that you can
come on over to the daily wire comm and
hear the rest if you subscribe for a
lousy 10 bucks a month or a lousy 100
bucks for the year you can watch the
whole thing right on our website and get
the leftist ears tumblr all right we're
back have we got Cassie J Cassie J at
you know many of you know that I've been
a little slightly critical I may have
said a critical word now and again about
the feminist movement and keeping with
that spirit I wanted to bring on this
actress award-winning director and an
actress Cassie J she's creator of the
red pill a documentary that dives into
the men's rights movement but it was a
catalyst that changed her own views and
that's what I want to talk to her about
Cassie have we got you there hi I can
hear you but I can't see all right well
they can see you but I can't see this
one let me just assume that oh there you
are that's nice now it's nice to see you
hi how you doing I'm glad you could come
on that's nice to meet you so let's just
start with your story because people
keep hearing little bits and pieces of
your story but why don't you just tell
what happened
to make a film about the men's movement
so just just let me know how that worked
out okay so it was 2013 at that point I
had been directing documentaries since
2008 when I was 21 years old and I I was
a staunch feminist of about 10 years and
I stumbled across the online men's
rights movement specifically the website
of voice for men calm which was touted
as the most kind of controversial and
inspiring debate and discussed and
triggering moments for a lot of
feminists so I stumble across that
website and I was fascinated by it I had
never heard many of those talking points
before and I myself was very offended by
what I was reading and at the time I was
planning on making a film about rape
culture which this was before the
hunting ground so there wasn't a film
about that yet and so I shifted gears
and decided to make a film about the
men's rights movement because no
documentary filmmaker had ever
interviewed actual men's rights
activists and let them share what they
believed on camera before and I thought
it was gonna be filming a bunch of
misogynist and that would be the whole
film is just showing men who hate women
and and using that that story to show
why we still need to fight for women's
equality because of this so that's how I
went into the project and but it didn't
stay that way I mean basically you saw
something different than you were
expecting right so the whole film took
three and a half years to make I spent
one year filming men's rights activists
and three and a half years making it and
it was released in October 2016 in
theaters and through the process of not
only just that year of filming but also
the many years of post-production going
through all the the raw footage that I
had of men's rights activists talking
about what they believed I realized that
a lot of my feminists kind of knee-jerk
reactions to what they were saying
didn't match up with with I was so
offended by what they're saying but the
more I started to listen to it the more
I realized that there was a lot of truth
to what they're saying and then I
started researching what they were
telling me and
that they were on the the right side of
the research and and then I started to
kind of see the the feminist smokescreen
so to speak for immune for lack of a
better way to put it of of how much
misinformation is being put out by
feminists regarding the gender wage gap
and rape statistics on college campuses
and all these things and and so
basically what I kind of took away with
from the filmmaking process and this
isn't included in the film so this is
not a spoiler and it's probably new
information for people who have seen the
red pill movie one of the best things
about making the red pill movie was I
actually now feel more empowered as a
woman
dropping my my feminist belief system
because I no longer walked through life
thinking that everyone's out to get me
just because of my gender and so it's
actually very empowering that really is
interesting I mean is that that's got to
have affected your personal life too
right yes especially with my fiance who
was also my cinematographer on the red
pill he was with me the entire process
from starting when back when I was
making feminist documentaries and I yeah
it just really improved our relationship
as far as me actually trying to put
myself in his shoes and seeing the the
challenges he faced faces and and the
expected you know roles that he should
play out as a man and and all the many
ways that I'm privileged as the woman in
our relationship and also in the
business world and and I mean I just
stayed so many different ways that I'm
privileged as a woman and I know that's
not something feminists want to hear but
I mean that's got to have I'm I started
out as a liberal became a conservative
and I faced immense hostility not only
personally but professionally have you
experienced that as well I yes I you
know it's definitely weeded out a lot of
my you know friendship circles and
working colleagues just releasing this
film there wasn't there wasn't many
direct conversations like I am no longer
gonna work with you because of you
making the red pill movie but there's
clear you
Astra's ostracize ation from the people
I used to work with because I before
making the red pill I was making
documentaries for the International
Museum of women and films about trying
to get more girls into STEM education
and films on gay marriage and LGBT
rights so I was very much and that was
my world I live in the San Francisco Bay
Area so it's very much in a bubble so so
one of the things that happened to me I
mean I'm you know obviously much older
and I have the things that kind of
turned me around was I saw that I felt
that blacks were suffering from the
policies that I was had always believed
were supposed to help them and I saw
that the Cold War was won by the guy
that everybody said was a terrible war
monger Ronald Reagan and you know that
the people who were on the right
transfer right one of the things I found
is that once I started to see some of
these things see through what you called
the smokescreen it was hard to stop
seeing that one thing led to another
there was kind of a chain reaction have
you found that to be the case absolutely
and that's why the title of the film is
the red pill I mean there's no going
back you can't see the world the same
way again ever again and I wouldn't want
to even though it I think it is a little
bit more of a darker existence seeing
how much is wrong with the media and you
know Hollywood obviously in social media
and and in in higher education
universities all that it's it can get
you really you know feeling like there's
no way out of this dark hole but I am
glad to see it now and I just hope to be
part of the the shift in helping other
people see it I the the red pill movie
really is just kind of a crash course
101 mainly for an audience of people who
are where I was five years ago and the
feminist mind said hey I really want
more feminists to watch it it wasn't
made for people who are already kind of
you know red felled and see through the
smoke screen but but yeah it is a deep
rabbit hole and and it it is in every
walk of life that you see it yeah and at
times it feels like it's I don't know if
they'll ever chain
because it just it also the more that I
think new media is trying to speak out
about these issues and and my film and
other people who are doing work like
this I think the more the really rigid
mindsets of radical feminists and
radical liberals really dig their heels
and even more into their ideology and so
it it's hard to find the middle ground
and reach across the aisle and have a
conversation that doesn't end in
screaming and flaming doors it really is
I think it's well one thing is I think
the actual radical left gender makes no
sense and I think they can't get in a
debate with you so they can only scream
you down and only call you all the names
the racists and the sexist and all that
stuff you know I noticed the one thing
about the men's moving that always kind
of bothered me is that I I always felt
that they sort of adopted the left's
victim mentality like so in other words
they were saying like they were
basically if you can't beat them join
them you know if you're gonna win points
for being victims we're gonna be even
greater victims like I sort of feel like
the whole victim battle the whole
victimhood battle could maybe be cast
aside really nobody in America as a
victim except some people who were
victims of a crime or something like
that no no group in America is a victim
we're not oppressed here yeah that is
definitely a worried that I've always
had about the men's rights movement and
that's a large part of why I'm not a
men's rights activist and after making
the red pill maybe I'm no longer a
feminist and I don't have a label I
haven't adopted the lnb so yeah I'm just
label this if people allow me to be that
so but yeah I I do worry about the men's
rights movement mimicking or mirroring
many of the flaws of the feminist
movement but I also understand why
they're why their work is valuable and
important because they're I mean we do
have this pendulum swing and I do think
that third wave feminism
or whatever feminism wave were in right
now has swung so far and what really
helps me kind of break out of that that
feminist mindset shell was learning all
the different ways that men are
discriminated against or disadvantaged
uniquely and and
through that process of learning those
many issues I realized that neither of
us is better or worse off we're all just
individuals that have different
circumstances and and certainly you know
many different factors play into that
and we should really just have
compassion for one another regardless of
trying to you know tally up the points
on who has it worse and I definitely
think the overgeneralization
aspect of feminism is very problematic
for I mean just the the fact that they
say they're the movement for gender
equality and they're about helping and
protecting women and yet like one of the
big issues is we need more female
directors and there there's a lot of
initiatives in Hollywood trying to get
more female filmmakers but you have to
be a feminist it's it's and that's why I
say that feminism isn't for women it's
for feminism because it's it is for a
political ideology it's not just for
women as half of the population well
that was a big revelation to me - is
that leftism is for leftists I mean
that's the whole thing is that they
everywhere that left this work they say
they're for blacks they say they're for
women they say they're for the
minorities but really it's for the the
principle of they're using those people
to build the principle of greater
government and greater government
control over individuals you know so
here we are in the middle of this huge
sex scandal and I'm out in Hollywood
enlike that you know I work in Hollywood
and I I know a lot of this stuff does go
on and I certainly know that almost
everyone look every man has done
something he regrets and every woman has
has paid the price for that at some
point how do you look at this now that
you're that you no longer have a label I
mean I I don't feel this is actually a
feminist issue I feel it's an issue of
how people treat each other but I mean
how did how do you look at it well and
both glad and terrified that you're
asking me about this because I've never
spoken on it before and I have so many
thoughts on it and there's I have a lot
of cognitive dissonance around this
topic of the Hollywood sexual harassment
kind of witch hunt and and all these
stories coming out obviously with it
should go without saying saying that I
have to say it because I'll be attacked
if I don't say it absolutely you know
groping indecent exposure obviously rape
all of that is filed detestable and
excusable behavior and do not support
that under any means and now this is
where I'm going to get in trouble but I
do think that the definitions are being
blurred with a lot of these stories as
well I think there have been many women
that have come out with stories and not
necessarily themselves saying I am a
victim XYZ they're just saying oh yeah
that person yeah I had a horrible
experience with him roll their eyes and
move on but then their story is being
printed as you know sexual harassment or
assault allegation against that person
for instance with been afflict well his
is unique because you know this is
footage that was filmed it's produced
her on his lap you could see what's
happening and she never came out and
said I am a victim this was no not
consensual contact there were her
stories that they were doing a bit and
this is something that they were doing
for the camera so she is not saying I I
was assaulted but he is being listed as
one of the many men on on websites or
articles that are saying here all the
perpetrators not even using the word
alleged before that but here all the
perpetrators in Hollywood and and
showing all these men so I absolutely I
think many of these stories are
detestable and I'm so glad that the
women are coming out and speaking in it
and I'm glad that a lot of women are
feeling more confident in sharing their
stories if there are two stories and
they know just saying it's gonna be
upsetting to a lot of people but but I
above all else think we need to upholds
due process or justice innocence until
proven guilty because that could be your
son your husbands or your daughter or
wife accused of something although I do
think that men who are accused are more
likely to be believed as the perpetrator
then when it's a female alleged victim
and a male alleged perpetrator yeah
every time I hear somebody say women
have a right to be believed I thought
where did that right
come from you nobody has a right to be
believed we all have a right to be heard
but I mean then you have to prove your
your allegations sorry this is where I
have cognitive dissonance because I
really have this difficulty with this
topic because it is so hard to prove
what happens behind closed doors should
mean to people when there's not
witnesses or video camera footage or
something to prove his word heard work
or whatever it is and so that's where I
really struggle with this topic because
I could completely see how you know the
victims can true victims can have a
story and they can't prove it and when
do we allow that that belief and them so
this is where I struggle no it's very
tough I mean this is we're not when I
was a kid people used to say right rape
is the easiest charge to make and the
hardest to prove but you can turn that
around on its head too because it just
because it's hard to prove that means
that people can get away with it and
that you're absolutely right it's a
really it's a really really difficult
thing in their gray areas and people lie
you know and it's it's it's a very tough
thing but I think to discuss it in those
complex terms is much different than to
hang people from the lamp box justice
yes feminists victims so what are you
gonna do next what'swhat's up for you
are you working on a film oh I I want to
start a film project in the New Year so
I'm just gonna take the holidays this
year to unwind a trip till it's been a
busy year of trying to correct all the
misinformation out there but I do hope
people go and watch it
amazon prime Hulu anywhere you can find
online except Netflix they were the only
ones that adamantly declined they can
turn Madonna Netflix is the only one
yeah Wow Wow well Cassie J it's really a
pleasure talking to you and I look
forward to your next project and we'll
bring you back on when you have
something else to show us
okay thank you thanks a lot guys boy
that's that's really interesting I'd you
know I have to say as somebody who's
kind of been through this I welcome her
to the real world but the matrix is a
lot all right speaking speaking of all
this there are two stories I just have
to cover really quickly one is this
anti-trump er was arrested in California
after threatening to go on a killing
spree name is David Kenneth Smith my
colleague over at PJ media Deborah Hine
wrote about
and Smith was arrested in Orange County
California on November 2nd following an
investigation by the Joint Terrorism
Task Force or a Joint Terrorism Task
Force and I just want to say if this guy
were an anti Hillary you know activist
this would have been the biggest story
in America and I never heard of this I
just want to play what these guys saw
the he was sending these videos to
people and this is why they arrested him
just play a little bit of this you know
it occurred to me guys that they're
probably those of you out there who
wonder to yourself like what could have
going on a killing spree going to do
David that's a good question what good
is it going to do it will do absolutely
nothing as far as most things are
concerned most likely but compared to
dying or committing suicide it sounds
like a great idea I mean think about it
well what should i do should I just be
homeless or should I go on a killing
spree
the guy was an absolute lunatic if he
had been an anti Hillary or anti
Democrat people that it would be one of
the biggest anti-gun stories in the
world I just want to say good work to
the Joint Terrorism Task Force because a
guy who definitely needed to be arrested
and finally I've got to play this piece
by Tracey Ullman the British comedian
who just did this piece about people
we're talking about all these sexual
guys with people going into therapy for
their sex addiction and she hasn't this
advertisement for a sex therapy clinic
have you recently been outed as a sex
pest
would you like to pretend your
disgusting behavior is the result of an
illness rather than you just being a
turtle then why not check into the some
sort of therapy center he some sort of
therapy center is Europe's leading
facility for everyone from shamed
Hollywood producers to shame Hollywood
actor producers a team of
Summa bleep therapist is here to help
you tell the world it's okay I'm dealing
with this myself no need for the police
a place to relax unwind and avoid
tracing the consequences of your actions
our range of treatments includes
counseling or something like that
meditation probably and generally
keeping a low profile till the Heat's
off
but don't take my word for it here's
just one of our self satisfied customers
before I came here everyone was calling
me a sex criminal which seemed wrong to
me somehow but the some sort of therapy
center made me realize that I'm actually
a sex addict which means I bear no
responsibility for all the horrible
things I've done so come to the some
sort of therapy center and take the
first step to a new you who's exactly
the same as the old you but hopefully
not facing person who are self-satisfied
customers
all right this whole show has been
sexual follies but now it's time for
sexual follies
I just this is just something I've been
thinking about over the weekend I had to
bring it up last week I was reporting on
the election of the transgender guy in
Virginia Danica Roman while I was
talking about it I got to the pronoun
thing and I actually didn't know whether
to call it him or her and all this stuff
and I noticed this survey his survey was
very slanted but it finds the Democrats
with a bachelor's degree or more
education are more likely than other
Democrats to say a person's gender can
be different from the quote sex they
were assigned at Birth another words
different from their that sex they
exactly about three-quarters seventy
seven percent of Democrats with a
bachelor's degree or more say this
compared with sixty percent of Democrats
with some college and fifty percent of
those with high school diploma or less
no such education defied exists among
Republicans and here's the thing that
really got to me is I was I was thinking
about it and I suddenly got genuinely
annoyed a man who thinks he's a woman is
by definition deluded his definition
believe something that is untrue he is a
man who thinks he's a woman he doesn't
become a woman even if he chops off his
bits and as implants and all this stuff
he doesn't become a woman he becomes
somebody who's a man who's had this
operation yeah I I would be happy in
talking to someone to call him whatever
pronoun he pleased out of sheer
civilized politeness but I can't I
cannot simply abandon my sense of
reality and it brought to them my mind
the fact that the sexual ethos the left
is now created and it's totally created
by the left but the sexual ethos they've
created all of it makes absolutely no
sense we're absolutely being asked to
believe you know who is it the was it
the queen in in Alice in Wonderland who
believed seven impossible things a day
or something like that that's what
they're asking us to believe they're
asking us to believe there's no
difference between men and women all
through history there you know we've
that's been the main difference between
people now we're not supposed to believe
that but you can be a woman in a man's
body
even though there's no difference like
how would you know since there's no
difference between a woman a man how you
would you know whether you're a woman or
a man you suppose that women are
supposed to be the same as men and yet
men are supposed to stop behaving like
men when women are
and start behaving the way women want
them to behave even though they're just
the same and they're just as powerful
women are the same as men women don't
need any protection from men but they
need to be protected by men men should
protect them because they shouldn't be
chasing them around the room I don't
know why I mean well if you go to the
movies the women punch men and the men
go flying off you know off screen why
didn't they do that when these guys went
harvey lysine was attacked could it have
something to do with the guy's body
weight is like three times with who
opens is and that makes a big big
difference you know the whole thing and
of course you know women don't have to
take care of children even though
children obviously need women here's a
story I just want to read from NPR okay
this is about a San Francisco 49er says
Marquis Goodwin plays in 49ers win
afterwards he says we lost our little
boy this is NPR right a totally just
it's an anti-trump 24 hour 7 24 hours a
day seven days a week anti-trump
left-wing station NPR the the caption
which shows Marquis Goodwin falling to
his knees after he scores a touchdown
it says San Francisco 49ers wide
receiver marquise Goodwin fell to his
knees in the end zone after scoring a
touchdown against the Giants on Sunday
he later revealed that he and his wife
had endured a personal tragedy and then
this story says it wasn't until after
the San Francisco 49ers won their first
game of the season Sunday that wide
receiver marquise Goodwin told fans that
he and his wife Morgan Goodwin snow had
lost their baby son hours earlier due to
premature labor to the pre they she had
a miscarriage Goodwin posted the news
online shortly after the game he said we
lost our little boy okay now I
understand I think this is a tragedy I
think the guy's heart is broken but how
come if that baby had been aborted if
that baby had been aborted it wouldn't
have been a tragedy and PR wouldn't have
reported as a tragedy they wouldn't have
reported it at all
they wouldn't have reported at all I
wouldn't have mattered that life would
have been snuffed out and they wouldn't
have meant everything everything the
left says about sex and gender makes no
sense and the idea that we're being
asked to apologize when we contradict
them the idea that we're being asked to
say the wrong pronoun for people the
idea
or being asked to buy into the fantasies
of people who don't know which gender
they are
it's just deeply deeply offensive this
involves no hatred of anybody it
certainly doesn't involve hatred of
people who have some kind of body
dysmorphia or people who want to live
people want to live as women men want to
live as women go the hell ahead what's
it to me you know that has nothing to do
with it has nothing to do with hatred is
nothing to do with bigotry but
intellectual dishonesty is just a road
that leads off a cliff the facts matter
the facts come back to haunt you and if
you're not making sense
shut up and think again and this is the
thing I just it's just occurred to me
that when I'm sitting around and I don't
know what what pronoun to use okay
something has gone terribly terribly
wrong I'm not going to eat this Apple
I'm not going to bite into this world of
nonsense that makes somehow makes the
left feel better for whatever reason I'm
not going to do it so that is just what
I want to talk about sexual follies I
got to say goodbye tomorrow is the mail
bag you got to get your questions in now
click on the podcast click on the andrew
Clavin show click on the mailbag send in
your questions I will answer them all
answers guaranteed 100% correct and will
change your life sometimes for the
better I'm Andrew Clavin this is the
Andrew Clavin show
