one other thing I want to talk about on
a different note megyn kelly had a
conversation on her show yesterday where
they were talking about offensive
Halloween costumes and she remarked that
in her opinion she doesn't see why it's
offensive for a white person to dress as
a black person if the if they're
dressing as a black person they admire
in order to pay tribute and she gave the
example of a white woman dressing as
Diana Ross well of course this sparked
outrage and and people were offended in
hurt and traumatized and and they made
their tummies hurt that she would dare
to utter this opinion about costumes and
then later on in the day she issued an
apology I don't think she owed an
apology for two reasons number one and I
feel like a broken record here I'm
saying this all the time but I think I
just I feel like it needs to be said
over and over again that you cannot
ignore a person's intent when they say
something so if somebody says something
and you know that their intent was
perfectly innocent that they were not
trying to be offensive they were not
trying to say anything hurtful if you
know that then there's no reason to be
offended even if what they said was
clumsy inartful whatever if you know
that they weren't trying to be offensive
of you if you know what they meant then
there's no reason to be offended and if
you get offended
anyway it's because you wanted to be
offended it's because you are a cynical
opportunistic jerk looking for a reason
to be offended that is the only excuse
to be offended by something that's the
only reason why a person can be offended
by something that they know was not
intended to be offensive megyn kelly is
just another example you can disagree
with her position about costumes
whatever she clearly was not trying to
be racist that she did not consider this
to be a racist comment there was no
racism underneath it so if you say well
I know you didn't mean it as racist but
I'm gonna take
racist well then you are a liar and if
fraud if that's what you do
