fallout from the Texas shooting
Democrats are out over their skis again
plus some new information on the
identity of the shooter and the man who
took him down a Real American Hero I'm
Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
all right so many things to talk about
today and I am looking forward to things
I like today because there's a fun
things I like in fact it's so much fun
that I actually didn't want to do the
show today I just wanted to be on
Twitter hash tagging accurate movie
summaries but we'll get to that in a
little while because some of these are
really funny but before we get to any of
that and I really do want to talk at
length about the hero who shot the Texas
massacre guy the the the evil shooter
who walked into a church and murdered 26
people including somewhere between 12
and 14 children that the guy who shot
him is an amazing story and really gives
the lie to a lot of democratic talking
points before we get to any of that
first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at MVM T so do you see
this magnificent watch it is indeed
magnificent this watch it's just
fantastic I own two M VMT watches
they're both great I bought one for my
wife I bought one for my father
they are just excellent MVM T watches
are the best that you can get for a for
an inexpensive price holiday shopping
can be rough but MVM T watches are
perfect for this you can skip the crowds
you go directly to their website and
they start at just $95 at a department
store for a wash like this you're
looking at four to five hundred dollars
instead they market it directly online
and at such great prices MVM T watches
make great holiday gifts they've sold
over a million watches in over 160
countries you get 15% off today with
free shipping and free returns by going
to MVM t.com slash shapiro again that's
MVM t-dot-com slash shapiro these
watches are nice enough that I've worn
one before Congress I wear them every
Sabbath they're really fantastic I again
have two of them I've one that is black
and I have one that is silver and I love
both of them they're really durable as
well MVM t.com / pure for 15% off you
with free shipping and free returns your
order from MDM T calm again terrific
terrific watches I just I love their
gear I also have some sunglasses that I
really like so MD comm / appear oh okay
so from begin today with the update on
all the information that you need to
know about this awful shooting in in
Texas so we now know we now know that
the reason this man had guns the reason
this piece of human
had guns is because the government
screwed it up so whenever you hear
people talking about why the government
needs more regulations just remember
this was a government screw-up in the
first place this man was legally
forbidden from owning or buying guns he
was legally forbidden from doing so
that's not stopping people like Ted Lou
Democratic congressman from California
from legitimately walking out on a
moment of silence for the victims in
Congress he walked out on it in order to
quantico draw attention to gun control
it's really just grandstanding I went
after him on Twitter for it I asked him
if he made a habit of walking out on
funerals so that he could go to soup
kitchens or does he wait until after the
funeral in order to do the things that
he thinks are worthwhile well he wasn't
you know happy to hear that instead he
said that he was standing up for
everyone because we need more gun
control and this of course has been the
consistent call from everyone on the
left gun control gun control gun control
the government failed here here is what
we now know according to media I okay we
have our answer in a statement released
by the air force today a spokesperson
confirmed that the shooter his criminal
convictions did not make their way into
the federal database according to the
Texas Tribune the Air Force has launched
a review of how the service handled the
criminal records of former airman devin
P Kelly following his 2012 domestic
violence conviction kelly was convicted
by a general court-martial on two
charges of domestic assault against his
wife and stepson under article 128 of
the Uniform Code of Military Justice he
served 12 months in confinement at the
Naval consolidated brig Miramar in
California before being released with a
bad conduct discharge in 2014 he was
busted down to e1 federal law prohibit
him from buying or possessing firearms
after this conviction he had a gun
anyway
why did he have a gun anyway because
initial information indicates his
domestic violence offense was not
entered into the national criminal
information center database by the
Holloman Air Force Base Office of
Special Investigations okay so this is
the fault of the Air Force that did not
enter the information into the computer
we've seen situations like this before I
believe that it was was it I think is
the the Charleston shooter who also was
forbidden from buying guns and there was
a screw-up in the background check just
saying there ought to be background
checks doesn't make the background
checks actually happen and now we know
that there are tons of red flags about
this again human piece of crap here are
some of the things we now know about
this guy
and again this is why it's it's so
foolish to suggest that the best
way to weed out mass shooters is by
confiscating guns from hundreds of
millions of Americans instead we ought
to be looking for red flags because
almost invariably the only exception I
can think of actually is the Las Vegas
shooter every one of these guys has a
bunch of red flags in their history so
here are just some of the red flags for
this for the shooter in in Texas in
Sutherland Springs number one he tried
to date underage girls and I mean really
underage according to the New York Post
when he was 18 he tried dating a 13 year
old and later reportedly suggested she
lived with him and his wife is a topless
maid and that 13 year old suggested that
Kelly essentially stalked her his court
martial for domestic violence was not
just him hitting his wife or hitting his
stepson he cracked the skull of his
infant stepson multiple times okay on
purpose according to court records he
assaulted his then wife she divorced him
he remarried he was arrested for animal
cruelty a few years back he was arrested
in Colorado Springs RV park for punching
a dog throwing it and dragging it he was
given probation after an hour-long
standoff with police result in his
arrest he beat the living crap out of a
dog and then he beat the living crap out
of your infant stepson and not only
don't you end up in jail for life for
these offenses you then can buy a gun
because the government screws it up so
there are a bunch of problems here the
first problem I would suggest is why are
you out on the street after you beat the
living crap out of a dog why are you out
on the street after you've fracture
repeatedly in infant steps on skull and
should be in jail for attempted murder
presumably instead he's out on the
street not only that the government
fails to report his criminal activity
said the laws that are on the books
don't work right he saw actual people
like David Frum saying yesterday I think
we should borrow mentally ill people and
people with criminal convictions for
domestic violence from owning guns good
idea David that's been part of federal
law for the last 20 years okay it's
already been part of it it doesn't help
if the government can't enforce this is
the problem with how the government like
how the people on the left like to think
about gun control the government is big
and inefficient it lets things slip
through the cracks whether you're
talking 9/11 the JFK assassination or
this shooting they let things slip
through the cracks they should have
known about and then later we say well
if we just passed a few more laws that
would fix it making a big and
inefficient government bigger and more
inefficient is not the way to stop these
things
the only way to stop these things is to
either give the government fewer things
to do and make them better at it or
presumably to allow armed citizen
to walk around with guns and this is
where we get to the final thing here
this guy was threatening his
mother-in-law his mother-in-law went to
the church this was apparently sort of a
family dispute I thought he was on the
outs of his wife they were still married
but they were estranged and he had gone
his mother-in-law attended the church he
went there and shot up the church she
was able to buy four guns in the past
four years okay and the authorities are
now saying pretty clearly that this guy
should never have been allowed to buy a
gun here is a Texas official talking
about how this church shooting was
motivated by domestic violence
considerations there was a domestic
situation going on within this family
the suspects mother-in-law attended this
church we know that he had made
threatened threatening uh she had reset
threatening texts from him and and and
we can't go into details about that
domestic situation that is continuing to
be vetted and thoroughly investigated
but we want to get that out there that
this was not racially motivated there
was it wasn't over religious beliefs
there was a domestic situation going on
within the family and the in-laws okay
so we now see that there's a motive in
this case we also find out from this
officials again his name is Martin is
sorry Freeman Martin he San Antonio
region director for the Texas Department
of Public Safety he also adds that there
is no way this person should have been
able to obtain a gun here's what he had
to say we can confirm that the sub
suspect did not have a license to carry
the suspect did have a non-commissioned
an orange private security license
similar to a security guard at a concert
type situation
private security background checks
including fingerprints and a criminal
history checks when the Texas Crime
Information Center and National Crime
Information Center databases were
checked and he was clear okay so this
again is a government failure in arts
and we're told that the solution here is
government I'll tell you there there is
not sometimes there's just not a
solution okay sometimes this is
something that the left will say about
terrorist attacks and I think there is
some truth to it I think there are there
measures that we can take to minimize
the possibility but when you are talking
about crazy people who obtain guns in
violation of law already passing more
laws is not going to stop that from
occurring
and in fact the people on the left
Elizabeth Warren for example Elizabeth
Warren was out there tweeting about the
NRA this holy God the NRA the NRA is
paying people off first of all the NRA
is not paying people off there millions
of people who are members of the NRA
because they believe that their best
shot at defending their lives and this
what the founders believed too was
owning a firearm John Adams talked about
the fact that everyone in Massachusetts
was mandated mandated by law in colonial
times to own a gun for purposes of being
part of the state militia protecting
their lives in their liberty okay this
has always been part of the American
creed and I think it's a very good part
of the American creed Elizabeth Warren
however says the NRA is responsible you
see a bunch of people on the Left saying
things like the NRA just doesn't care if
there are terrorist attacks the NRA
doesn't care if there are mass shootings
the NRA is behind these things that it
benefits the NRA somehow for there to be
mass shootings well here is the lie for
it for that because this gives the light
of that the guy who shot and presumably
killed this this shooter this mass
shooter now that the mass shooter was
shot I guess three times twice he was
wounded and man who wounded him was this
man right here
Stephen Willeford so Stephen Willeford
is a lifelong NRA member Stephen
Willeford is an NRA instructor and here
is Steven Willard Stephen Willeford
represents everything that the Left
hates about American gun ownership but
here they have to pay homage to him
because he actually saved lives I mean
this guy could have gone with his gun
and shot up many more places if Stephen
Willeford hadn't hopped in I mean this
is an amazing thing that happened in
Texas that wouldn't happen nearly
anyplace else there were there are two
separate people who came to running to
the situation carrying guns and then
chased this guy down with their truck
knowing that not only was he armed and
dangerous he just murdered dozens of
people that's an amazing amazing thing
but here is the the one of the heroes of
the story of Stephen Willeford and and
how it came about that he that he shot
this is this evil piece of garbage on
steven crowder show every time I heard a
shot I was thinking that was assigned to
someone else right that shot was
assigned he was shooting at another
person every time I heard a shot fire
and I didn't have time to put shoes on
oh he had first shot for me as my head
but
as I was behind the truck and using it
for cover okay and we exchanged fire and
he had the neighbor's car's windshield
he hit the neighbor's house and he got
into the vehicle and I fired a beginner
and he fired two more shots through his
side actually he shot fired two shots
through a side window first and it put
Otis the two distinct pistol shots
coming through the sides of the window
and I fired my our 15 again and it took
the window down it fell okay and I took
and I took another stop and at this
point I'm student where his head would
be okay and he ended up actually
shooting and wounding the eye twice once
in the leg and once in the body he was
using his own rifle right a rifle that
the left wants to ban the ar-15 he was
using his rifle to take down this guy
what would this could this guy taint his
guns illegally again for the ninth time
this guy obtained his guns illegally
what would have happened if he had the
guns and Stephen Willeford did not have
the guns and was not an NRA instructor
he continues again this is the type of
American that there's so many on the
hardcore left who they really dislike
this guy right he's a bitter clinger
clings to God and religion and guns
obviously right exactly the kind of
person that Barack Obama didn't like in
2008 here he is explaining why he's no
hero and and talking about God in a way
that makes a left very very
uncomfortable I was scared to death I
was I was scared for me and I was scared
for every one of them I was scared for
my own family that just lived less than
a block away Oh God
I'm no hero I am NOT I think my God my
Lord protected me and gave me the skills
to do what needed to be done and I just
wish I could have gotten there faster
but I didn't know hey for all of the
people for all the people on the left
you've been saying thoughts and prayers
are meaningless and that none of this
matters this is what thoughts and
prayers are are for okay thoughts and
prayers are for stealing people like
Steven Willeford thoughts and prayers
it's it's a religious belief that you
have to cultivate your skills in order
so that you can defend others case man
says he's not a hero he is a hero he
says he was scared but being scared is
what makes him a hero right me he was
scared he ran out there barefoot loading
his gun while he was running toward the
toward the sound of the fire and he was
not the only person who did this by the
way he wasn't the only guy but the fact
that you know he's a deeply religious
person obviously the fact that the left
does not I'm seeing a lot of folks on
the Left today and and yeah it's not
everyone on the left obviously but I
think that I'm seeing a lot of folks on
the Left today who are disparaging the
thoughts and prayers stuff and they're
also suggesting how could he be
religious this is such a it's such a
honestly teenage take on religion how
could he be religious when people in a
church just got shot and killed okay the
problem of theodicy the problem of how
does evil exist in a world where God has
Providence how does that work
this has been something that religious
thinkers have been thinking about for
legitimately thousands of years okay
this is nothing new and religious people
have come to the conclusion there are
certain things that we just don't
understand about God's action that
doesn't mean that God doesn't have a
plan and it also doesn't mean that I
don't have a duty and it's that duty
that godly Duty that drove Stephen
Willeford he is a hero he did own a gun
he needed to own the gun he was a member
of the NRA who's an NRA instructor okay
though I keep hearing the NRA is behind
these shootings the NRA likes these
shootings named for me now how many
members of the NRA have been responsible
for mass shootings the answer is zero
the whole purpose of the NRA is to arm
people like Stephen Willeford not to arm
people like this piece-of-crap who shot
up the church and again the law barred
that guy from owning a gun but the left
wants is from the Watts who also bar
Stephen Willeford from owning a gun how
would that have gone exactly I want to
give some some time to D the other hero
in the situation a guy named Johnny
Langer Dorf and and talk about
misconception in my own in a second but
first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at frame bridge so if you
are looking to frame family photos frame
bridge is the best place to do it we use
it in the Shapiro household what we do
is we go to frame bridge comm we upload
our photos from our computer directly
from our Instagram feed or if you have a
physical item we send it directly to
them and then they mail it back framed
ready to be put on the wall they have an
expert team that will custom frame our
item in days and you can preview your
photo online in any frame style they'll
deliver your finished piece directly to
you or your loved
along with a handwritten gift note it
makes fantastic Christmas gift or Konica
gift or Kwanzaa gifts whatever holiday
you you are part of instead of the
hundreds that you would pay at a framing
store for custom framing their prices
started 39 bucks all shipping is free
plus my listeners will get 15% off their
first order at frame bridge comm promo
code Shapiro again that's frame bridge
comm promo code Shapiro and they offer
happiness guarantee so if you don't like
it you're not 100 percent satisfied they
will make it right again frame bridge
calm and use promo code Shapiro this is
a unique gift that makes for a terrific
family gift again promo code Shapiro at
frame bridge comm get 15% off your first
order and the prices are cheaper than
the retail outlets anyway so you'd want
to go there anyway frame bridge comm
promo code Shapiro okay so the the other
hero of this story and I'm Johnny Langer
door so what happened is that Steven
will offer charged out of his house
after being told by his daughter there's
some shooting going on at the church he
charged out of his house barefoot with
his gun trying to load his magazine as
he went pulled it out of his gun safe
because he keeps it safe like most gun
owners do haven't he charged out and he
started shooting the shooter jumped in
his car I think it was a truck and began
driving away and Willeford flagged down
Johnny Langer Dorf and jumped in languor
Orff's car and they started chasing the
guy remember these are civilians chasing
a bad guy I can promise you in Los
Angeles when there's a bad guy civilians
don't chase the bad guy they wait for
the cops to come in Texas can't live my
entire life in LA the same thing is true
in Cambridge where I lived for three
years in Texas when there's a bad guy
people understand that they may be the
only the last dividing line between that
bad guy and bad thing happening and bad
things happening and so they hop in
their car and they follow it's one of my
favorite things there's a movie called
hell or high water which is kind of a
fun movie and it's one of my favorite
things in that film is that there's a
bank robbery and everyone at the bank
pulls out a gun and then they all begin
chasing down the bank robbers it's one
of my favorite things in the film and
that was true to life because that's
exactly what happened in southern island
Spring Texas here is here is Johnny
Langer Dorf talking a little bit and
believe that is his wife talking with
Anderson Cooper about whether he would
have done this again if he knew that the
guy was armed and dangerous it's not
surprising at all he's a great guy great
he's very courageous and super humble
about the whole situation and that's
just awesome it doesn't surprise me at
all that's the way that's just the way
he is yes Johnny knowing what you know
now I mean would you do the same thing
over again I would do it a hundred times
over sir okay so you know one of the
things that I was gonna say about
misconceptions look at this guy I mean
he's got a neck tattoo he doesn't look
like he's necessarily you know going to
the Ivy League colleges and it's very
easy for those of us who live on the
coast so what could somebody like Johnny
Lang go Dorf neck tattoo and say oh what
a hick what a hick this is the kind of
guy you know it's not not everyone with
a neck tattoo is Johnny Langer Dorf but
not everyone without a neck tattoo is
Johnny language or if either and the
fact is this guy is the guy who was on
the spot and he did the right thing
don't judge a book by it's cover and
that's a good lesson to people like me
who who sometimes make judgments based
on things like this as well
heroism comes in a lot of different
shapes and sizes but it does share a
belief system that belief system is that
when when someone has to stand between
the evil and the innocent you're the
person who has to stand up and do
something okay and we can treat
government like it's God we can pretend
that government is capable of protecting
us against all evils it's just not true
it is just not the case the government
can protect us against all evils and
that's why an armed populace is very
often necessary to stop this stuff and
the Washington Post put out an article
yesterday with the headline one thing
mass shooters have in common they're men
with guns well yes in a mass shooting
situation you would assume they have
guns and you would assume that criminals
are typically men but there's something
they neglect okay in a mass shooting
situation the person who typically stops
the mass shooting is also a man with a
gun whether it's a police officer or
whether it is a civilian as in this case
and it is much more likely than NRA
member is going to stop a mass shooting
then that an NRA member is going to
perpetrate a mass shooting despite what
the left to it would have you say well
the media of course don't care about any
of this the media don't want to hear any
of this the media simply want to talk a
gun control and if you don't believe in
media bias let me show you this clip now
if President Trump in South Korea so
he's in South Korea now and he was asked
by an NBC news reporter
is he still in Japan he's mu heading
south korea today but he is he's he's
asked by an NBC news reporter a
out the situation in the situation in
Texas specifically she asks whether he
would apply his extreme vetting
standards to gun control and hear his
Trump's response which is correct I
guess he wasn't South Korea after all
you've talked about wanting to put
extreme vetting on people trying to come
into the United States but I wonder if
you would consider extreme vetting for
people trying to buy a gun well you know
you're bringing up a situation that
probably shouldn't be discussed too much
right now but it's okay if you feel that
that's an appropriate question even
though we're the heart of South Korea if
you did what you're suggesting there
would have been no difference three days
ago and you might not have had that very
brave person who happened to have a gun
or a rifle in his truck go out and shoot
him and hit him and neutralize him and I
can only say this if he didn't have a
gun
instead of having 26 dead he would have
had hundreds more dead and are you
considering any kind of gun control
policy can you look at the city with the
strongest gun laws in our nation is
Chicago and Chicago is a disaster
if this man didn't have a gun or rifle
you'd be talking about a much worse
situation in the great state of Texas
trump is of course right and this is why
so many people on the right like Trump
is because you know at least Trump is
and Hillary actually applies here
because if you imagine Hillary Clinton
in this situation she's pushing for
widespread gun confiscations and no
likelihood she's praised Australia's gun
buyback program and confiscation program
she's praised Canada's gun laws Hillary
Clinton would be saying something very
very different and then Donald Trump is
saying right here and what Trump is
saying is basically correct but the
point I want to make is this NBC News
reporter I mean if you look at her face
throughout this particular question the
scorn she has not only for president
Trump but for people who are gun owners
for for gun ownership for the right to
keep and bear arms which the founders
thought was so valuable it's it is it is
emanating from her the difference
between owning a gun and entering the
country is I have a right to own a gun
to protect my life and my family's life
I do not have a right to become a
citizen of the United States extreme
vetting is NASA
sorry for people coming into the country
because they don't have a right to enter
the United States because we have to
protect ourselves that same decision to
protect ourselves undergirds our ability
to own a gun and use a gun in our own
self-defense okay it is the exact same
reason the reason you have extreme
vetting with regard to people entering
the country is the reason why you don't
have extreme vetting for American
citizens who have not committed a crime
and once you own a gun to protect
themselves that doesn't mean no vetting
of course no one wants to have criminals
with guns of course no one wants to have
mentally ill people with guns and Ted
Cruz makes a really good point here you
know Ted Cruz is specifically asked
about you know people who are violating
the law by owning guns and here's what
senator Cruz has to say this should have
been stopped beforehand under federal
law it was illegal for this individual
to purchase a firearm he had a
conviction for a crime that's punishable
by more than a year in prison and he had
a conviction for multiple domestic
violence crimes both of those it's
already ineligible but several things
happen number one the Air Force the
Obama administration didn't report those
convictions to the NCIS database that's
an endemic problem it's a problem with
the federal government it's a problem
with the states and so when he went in
to buy the guns they ran the background
check and they didn't find it because it
wasn't in the database okay and Cruz
here is exactly right of course now a
lot of people been saying well you know
if we just had gun confiscations like
Australia then the number of mass
shootings would go down the problem is
this mass shootings are so statistically
uncommon I'm not saying they're uncommon
in the sense like colloquially they
never happened but they're statistically
uncommon as compared to other types of
murder and so there is no good comp in
terms of looking at a system where okay
there's a massive gun confiscation and
the number of mass shootings went down
it may have gone down from three to zero
right it wasn't like Australia had mass
shootings every five minutes Australia
had very few mass shootings and now they
have no no mass shootings but their
murder rate actually declines at a lower
rate than the u.s. murder rate over the
same period since their gun confiscation
the u.s. is murder rate decline faster
even though more people were purchasing
guns not fewer people okay before I go
any further I want to say thank you to
our sponsors over at blinka so if you're
addicted to information which I know you
are since you listen to this show you
need to get the bling cast app blinka
Steaks sure that you can get all of the
information from the latest popular
books a nonfiction
he constantly increasing your knowledge
level if you've never read four books in
one day blanka's helps you do that
because what they do is they summarize
all of these books the main points of
these books in these 15-minute little
packages they like to call blinks two
thousand of the best-selling non-fiction
books transformed into these powerful
packs that you can read or listen to in
just 15 minutes as you know if you're
listening to the show you love
information and so do I which is why you
can get books like why nations still see
a 600 page book I've actually read that
book what do I remember from it so I
remember 15 minutes of worth material
probably not but when you get blankets
you get all the same information that I
probably spent hours reading in just 15
minutes they have books like crippled
America and two nations invisible they
have books like myth of a strong leader
they have a lot of pop science books
which I really enjoy a lot of history
books that I really enjoy it's it's used
by 3 million people
it has over 3 million users you should
be one of them right now blink is has a
special offer just for our audience go
to blink it's calm slash been right now
and start your free trial or get three
months off your yearly plan when you
join today
that's blink is spelled bli NK is T
blink cast calm slash Ben to start your
free trial or get three months off your
yearly plan again it's blink it's calm
slash Ben go ahead and check it out they
have all these popular books I've read a
lot of these books and I wish that I had
read the blink I done the blankets
instead of reading the full book in some
of these cases but a lot of my favorite
books fiat things like the power of
habit and flow and Drive all these books
about sort of self betterment all these
things are available on blinka so get
that blink a snap and remember to use
that promo code that blink is calm slash
Ben and you got that free trial or three
months off your yearly subscription okay
so the media response on this of course
has been egregious as I have mentioned
you saw the NBC response John lemon
whose show I enjoy hearing on he said
that we should stop with the thoughts
and prayers no more thoughts and prayers
and and this transitions us into another
topic about thought in prayer that I
want to discuss in just a second here's
lemon on thoughts and prayers thoughts
and prayers thoughts and prayers
thoughts and prayers don't get me wrong
prayers are important they really are
but can we just be honest for a moment
and this isn't about religion it's not
about politics Democrats do it too
president obama has responded similarly
in other shootings and it's not about
religion as i said i'm not anti thoughts
and prayers by any means i grew up in a
very the very religious deep south a
baptist who went to a catholic school
where we prayed at least
four times a day plus mass on Fridays
and church on Sundays sometimes twice so
spare me the anti religion tweet you can
keep them
I won't even read them I don't care
these god-fearing Christians were in
church they were already praying
thoughts and prayers did not stop an
oversight from the justice system which
enabled a guy who attacked his stepson
and assaulted his wife from getting a
gun thoughts and prayers didn't stop a
trouble person from buying assault grade
weapons that took the lives of 26 people
in an instant okay so we stop it there
again this is not what thoughts and
prayers are designed to do okay prayer
is not always designed to get you what
you want okay if people pray and they
got what they want God would be a
gumball machine that's not what
religious people believe yeah I assume
that Don prays I mean he says he does
but yeah I'm not sure what he expects
from God again the problem of theodicy
has been one that religion has taken up
time and time again when it comes to
human evil the idea here is that human
beings have free will and we can pray
that those human beings don't use that
free will in the worst possible ways we
can pray that God protects us but God
sometimes says no right God sometimes
says no and this is one of the the
tragedies of human life is we don't
understand God's plan but let me talk
for a minute about what prayer actually
does so I'm gonna be completely sincere
here I have a difficult time praying I
pray three times a day it's not
something that I particularly enjoy
doing because in Judaism prayer can be
relatively formulaic when I say
relatively I mean very formulaic you say
the same prayer three times a day the
idea is that it's supposed to be almost
like a mantra it's supposed to provide
you a leaping off point to actually
think about God and think about your
relationship with him but prayer can be
very difficult unless you're actually
just sitting there concentrating on what
the purpose of prayer is so I've really
done a lot of thinking myself for myself
about what I think prayer does
particularly prayer in the aftermath of
tragedy I think the prayer does really
three things I think prayer does three
things first it reminds us that well it
is our job to strive to prevent evil
from succeeding each day God's plan is
not ours right half of prayer is about
recognizing that your plan is not God's
you are not God right the point of
prayer is for you to say to God I
understand that you are the creator of
the universe and you are beyond my logic
I don't understand the ineffability of
God is a sacred notion in virtually all
major religions the idea that you are
not in
the universe and the suggestion that you
can prevent all bad things from
happening with prayer that's not what
prayer is for that's why religious
people get upset when they hear things
like what Don Lemon is saying because
he's misconstruing what prayers for no
one who believes in prayer believes that
prayer is going to prevent a Justice
Department oversight no one believes
that that's what prayer is designed to
do one of the things prayer is designed
to do is remind us not to be utopian not
to believe that we can stop every
tragedy from happening not to believe
that there's any power in the universe
that is capable of implementing our will
specifically and making it the rule for
everyone that's not prayers designed to
do the reverse it's designed to remind
us not to be utopians and in what Karl
Popper would call a sort of utopian
negative model right there that would
help us run roughshod over the rights of
other people because remember half of
what Don Lemon is saying here about you
know we need to change the law would
reckon every every law is an imposition
on somebody so who are you whose rights
are you imposing on prayer reminds us
that you don't actually get to do that
all the time right that utopia is not
something that you can aim for while
violating the rights of others because
God in the end is the actual judge right
when somebody dies Jews say borrow
caballo nemyt right barrel thigh on em s
that's that's what Jews say what that
means is blessed is the true judge
meaning that I don't get to make the
call as to whether something that just
happened is according to God's plan only
God can make that call and I may not
understand it and I can mourn it I mean
we cry at funerals we're not crying
because we question God's justice we're
crying because it's sad right we may not
we may not understand in the same way
that children cry when their parents are
trying to implement justice the kids
don't understand we don't understand
there's no way for us to understand
that's what faith is
okay prayer also helps us see the value
in other human beings and convey that we
understand that value to other human
beings
now we're atheists where we religious
people see prayer as nothing but empty
verbiage it doesn't accomplish anything
how many people have been bettered by
communities that pray right prayer takes
place in communal settings not just
individual prayer I think that
individual prayer is valuable but
Judaism believes and I believe so does
Christianity that communal prayer is
more valuable than individual prayer
that individual prayer is useful but
you're supposed to get together in a
community because the idea is that that
community draws other people in how many
bad people how many would-be shooters
have been converted by going to places
like churches and praying with others a
lot how many evil people have been drawn
into the net
of a community that prays and sees the
value of other individuals before God
that has prevented that actually you
never see it you never see it because
you only see the bad stuff
remember with with that with the
Charleston South Carolina shooter there
was there's a report that came out
shortly afterward I'll have to look it
up where this this piece of garbage
white supremacist who murdered a bunch
of people in church he said he had
trouble pulling the trigger because when
he went in there there were all of these
black people who are really nice to him
and were praying with him right he was
evil enough that he was able to overcome
that drop there are a lot of people who
aren't there are a lot of people who are
turned away from dark paths by
communities that pray together and value
one another prayer is valuable in a
communal setting okay but neither of
these things has to do with what the
Left believes the left believes the only
thing that is actually impactful in in
the world is not our communities
releasing reaching out to each other
those soft kind of touches that stuff
doesn't work right they don't believe
that us accepting a godly justice is a
worthwhile thing we should fight against
that right we should we should be like
Ahab fighting against God trying to stab
through the pasteboard masks of Moby
Dick that's what we should be doing
every day and there's something to the
notion of struggling with God I mean
Judaism believes that you know that
struggle is is ongoing but the idea in
the end is that God is right and you're
wrong hunc right but in any case that
does not that's not an excuse for
inaction when action is called for but
here is the problem right prayer
obviously supposed to motivate you to go
out and do better things it's motivate
you to do better
it's supposed to be fuel in your gas
tank but the left assumes that if I
disagree with the direction you're
steering the car I don't have fuel in
the gas tank the prayer didn't put fuel
in my gas tank prayer was useless
because I don't agree that you ought to
be aiming the car at gun control well I
don't believe you should be aiming the
car gun control because I don't think
that the additional laws that you've
been proposing are useful by the way I
have said when I think an additional law
might be useful or at least called for
after Las Vegas I said that I would I
would not vote against a law that
prevented the the sale of bump stocks
and so it's not like I'm against every
I'm in favor of better enforcement
against people who have been mentally
ill and have been in mental hospitals
owning weapons hey Cruz pointed out and
he's right that there were like 40,000
people illegally owned guns in the
United States and 44 of them are
prosecuted there was 40,000 people who
tried to illegally buy guns and Obama
prosecuted 40 of them and we need to
implement the laws that already have on
the books we don't need new laws but
that doesn't mean that my prayer
are ineffective it means that I'm not
praying for the same thing that you are
or the action to which I have devoted
myself is not the action you choose but
your suggestion that my prayer is not
accepted by you I'm not praying to you
and I don't care what you think of my
prayer when I pray I'm talking to God
not to you because you're not God and
neither is government you know this
brings up a sort of broader conversation
about the role of religion in public
life I want to get to that in just one
second because there there's a big
controversy that's now broken out over
over a Hillsong pastor and abortion but
first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at naturebox listen we all
want to eat better when it comes to
snacks that usually means for you you're
hungry at the office and you grab a
candy bar and you shove it down your
face and now you're fat that's basically
what it means at the eye you got a bag
of potato chips and a bunch of garbage
snacks and you just need that quick
boost of energy because four o'clock
you're just trying get to five and so
you do that now you have to work it off
on the treadmill if you work it off at
all well that's why you need nature box
instead of garbage food nature box has
over 100 snacks that taste good and are
actually better for you they're very
popular around the office favorites
around the office include the vanilla
bean wafers apparently and they have a
dried mango as well and they have coffee
kettle popcorn that one is a particular
favorite around the office as well I get
favorites from everybody else in the
office because not all the naturebox
snacks are kosher but these ones are
very popular around the office and I've
been told they are just delicious you're
sure to find your new snack obsession
over at nature boxing right now they're
offering my fans 50% off your first
order when you go to naturebox
commenting and that's naturebox common
for 50% off your first order and they
rotate these snacks all the time the
list is really really long of these
snacks and they are all apparently
really delicious and they've like almond
butter and they have oatmeal and they
have salt and vinegar veggie chips you
know all the things that you'd want to
snack on that's what they do in nature
box common for 50% off your first order
you're going to snack at the office we
know you are don't get bat eat healthy
and eat delicious you don't have to sit
there and be sad just because you're
sitting there eating lima beans from the
freezer can actually get a good snack
that tastes good and is good for you
naturebox calm
for 50% off your first order okay so
this brings up a broader critique of the
role of religion so it's really funny
the left says prayers are good but only
if they are directed in our direction
now what what people who are conserved
believe conservative religious people is
that the direction for the prayer is
basically toward God which means that
you actually have to look at what God's
agenda is in particular circumstances
God is not just something out there that
is non discoverable the Bible is pretty
clear about this right into Tirana me
Moses specifically says it is not in
heaven where you can't understand it
it's down here got the whole purpose of
having a revelation is that you
understand things now not everyone has
to believe in revelation you don't have
to believe in revelation right you can
be skeptical of revelation but if you
say you believe in revelation at the
very least you should be adherent to the
revelation and if you say you're a Bible
believing person you should at least
believe in the Bible in the same way
that if you you know believe in global
warming you should at least believe in
global warming right whatever you're
gonna believe in believe in it otherwise
you're a liar
well Hillsong there's a megachurch
pastor I don't know
Hillsong particularly well but there's a
guy named Carl Lentz apparently who's
quite popular and dresses in very odd
fashion and he was on the view wearing
glasses that he apparently got from a
forever 21 and a medallion that I don't
know what it represents but he looks
like he looks kind of like Marky Mark
from 1991 in any case Carl Lentz is very
popular pastor maybe he's great I don't
know but what he said here was not great
right on the view
I say he's on the view and he has asked
about abortion saying abortion is sinful
and here is his answer this is where
religion does fail okay religion doesn't
fail just because you don't support gun
control religion does fail if your Bible
says abortion is bad and then you give
this answer and it makes so it's not a
sin in your church to have an abortion
that's kind of conversation we would
have finding out your story where you're
from what you believe yeah I mean God's
the judge people have to live with their
own convictions and idly if I have to
tell you
that's that's such a broad question to
me I'm going I'm going higher I want to
sit with somebody and say where do you
believe not an open-and-shut case with
you some people would say it is I think
to me I'm trying to teach people who
Jesus is first find out their story
before I start picking and choosing what
I think is sin in your life I'd like to
know your name what non sense
non sense sin is Stillson that doesn't
mean that you have to be mean to people
who have sinned the whole purpose of
talking to people is to find out their
story but we have to start from a
certain basic premise yes abortion is a
sin
of course abortion is a sin and
soft-pedaling it for the left is not
going to win you adherence or conference
soft-pedaling Bad's you know evil is not
going to stop peddling sin is not going
to draw more people to you it's going to
alienate more people from religion
because that's what gets people to
believe in this I'm spiritual but not
religious nonsense okay what do you do
you believe in the force congratulations
I mean can you move objects with your
mind I don't really care if your
spiritual but not religious the question
is what standards you uphold one of the
purposes of religion is to uphold a
higher standard because God has demands
of you not just you making demands of
God this guy got a lot of flack for it
as well he should Alicia Krause on Daily
wire went after him she's invited him to
come into the Daily wire offices I'm
sure we would all like to chat with him
and find out whether he actually
believes abortion is a sin or not okay
so I have some things I like and some
things that I hate that I want to talk
about today and it's gonna be a fun
things I like so you're gonna want to
stick around for that but you need to
subscribe to our website in order to
make that happen so for $9.99 a month
you can get your subscription to daily
wire.com that means that you get the
rest of the ben shapiro show live on
video it means you get the rest of the
andrew Clavin show live on video means
you get the rest of the Michael Noel's
show live on video it also means the S
to be part of my mailbag and kleavon's
mailbag also be sure to tune in to watch
our next episode of the conversation on
Tuesday November 14th at 5 p.m. Eastern
featuring the godless Michael Knowles
and if your subscriber at the daily wire
then you can write in and send your
questions directly to Michael moles
we'll give you the world's worst answers
but they will probably be amusing the
conversation happening next Tuesday you
can only do it if you subscribe for
$9.99 a month for $99 a month you get
all of those things plus you get this
the very greatest in all beverage
containers the leftist tears hot or cold
vessel you will love it you will enjoy
it every bit of it is just phenomenal
you'll treasure it forever I get people
tweeting me all the time about how great
vessel is remember how it restored their
loved ones to health after they were
suffering from from horrid diseases and
such I can't vouch for that because it's
not FDA approved but I can say that this
is a great beverage vessel for 99 bucks
you get that plus all of the other
aforementioned things please subscribe
to our YouTube channel we have a bunch
of fun new videos that are coming out on
YouTube you won't know about them unless
you subscribe there and subscribe
over at SoundCloud or iTunes leave us a
review it always helps us with it helps
in the rankings and it helps people find
out about the show more broadly so leave
us a review we always appreciate it we
are the largest fastest growing
conservative podcast in the nation
okay so I'm gonna go directly to things
I like in things I hate today I think so
things I like
there is a book that I read very quick
read by a guy named Alan Jacobs it's a
best-seller now called how to think and
it is sort of a short form review
essentially of ways that we are biased
and how best to conquer those biases I
love reading these kinds of books right
I've recommended Daniel Kahneman's book
before I've recommended the book flow
and the book drive I recommended a lot
of books about how it is that we have
cognitive biases and this book is about
that but it's also about why we
shouldn't despair of our ability to
overcome overcome these challenges to
bias the book again is how to think by
Ellen Jacobs like 150 pages very slim
very easy to read very conversational go
ahead and check it out it's a fun read
okay other things that I like so just
for fun today the John Pot horse and I
like to go back and forth on movies John
is a the editor over at commentary
magazine and so not related to that I
decided that I was gonna start a hashtag
called accurate movie summaries kind of
taking the lead from the famous actor a
movie summary about The Wizard of Oz
which is three friends three friends
gather to kill which then then bands
together to kill again or young girl
young girl kills which then bands
together with three friends to kill
again which is her the summary of Wizard
of Oz so the hashtag accurate movie
summaries was trending on Twitter and I
do love some of these so I have to read
you some of them noseless guy has a
healthy unhealthy obsession with a
teenage boy that would be Harry Potter
young boy who sees ghosts talks to a
ghost fair that's that's the entire
summary of The Sixth Sense for those who
have seen life skip the next 15 seconds
because or who have not seen it because
it's a spoiler hey space octopus killed
some astronauts and all of humanity but
more importantly the astronauts this one
I love does ratatouille rodent cooks
dinner critics loud fair this one I did
about It's a Wonderful Life man
bankrupts bank in subprime mortgage
scheme is bailed out by well-meaning but
economically ignorant friends cheating
woman sleeps with homeless guy on ship
ends up losing jewelry that's Titanic
old man grows beard convinced his little
girl he's Santa Claus which is Miracle
on 34th Street and this one is mrs.
Doubtfire is pretty great
stressing unemployed man disguises
himself to stalk his estranged family
family eventually takes him back in this
one I think is my favorite
see if he gets the movie man gets stuck
on an island after plane crash wife
moves on with another man man moves on
with volleyball castaway and then of
course this one self-righteous jerk uh
Jules more sober minded colleagues into
releasing a patricidal murderer that of
course is 12 Angry Men
I also there are a bunch of them this
one is pretty great and it's you've
heard this one before I'm sure teenager
destroys military installation at the
behest of an elderly religious zealot
with the aid of a wanted criminal
killing millions of active military
service members star wars that is in
indeed III will say I like this one too
this one a little harder a professor
prevents Hitler from opening a historic
Jewish artifact that would have killed
Hitler and ended World War two that's
Indiana Jones and Raiders of the Lost
Ark because think about it for a second
guys think about it if he just lets
Hitler get the actual Lost Ark and
Hitler opens that sucker then Hitler
dies at the end of Indiana Jones the
whole thing is the giant misdirect right
he's chasing the are chasing the are
chasing the Ark and then turns out the
Ark is his friend okay time for a quick
thing that I hate so there are a lot of
things that are out there to hate today
but I choose John Kerry John Kerry John
Kerry former Secretary of State and he
says it's Donald Trump's fault the North
Korea is seeking a nuclear weapon I was
just out water sporting in my art John
Kerry go I think what the president
needs to do is make sure that he's not
feeding into North Korea's fear of
regime change or of you know a
unilateral attack or otherwise and I
think the rhetoric to date has frankly
stepped over the line with respect to
the messages that are being sent it's
given North Korea reason to say hey we
need to bomb because we don't have a
bomb we're gonna you know not be able to
protect ourselves and they'll come after
us okay so no okay the idea that you're
mean in North Korea and
that's why they're developing a bomb
they started developing the bomb under
the auspices of the Clinton
administration which signed in North
Korean framework in 1994 and said the
problem was ended they continued it
through the Bush administration they
accelerated under the Obama
administration say wouldn't it have been
nice if there'd been a Secretary of
State who could have done something
about that I'm just trying to think of a
second oh wait he was Secretary of State
wasn't he my bad
also I I do have you know I'm gonna be
mean to John Kerry now but he deserves
it after slandering our troops in
Vietnam and spending his entire career
being awful at everything
then the man's face in a stage of full
structural collapse it's like a mudslide
in the Hollywood Hills at this point and
a certain point you do too much Botox
and you start to look like like larch I
mean it pretty amazing okay any case
deconstructing the culture will do for
five seconds here so well first I do
want to mention that there's a new
report from The New Yorker about Harvey
Weinstein and his and how he was too
tempting to cover up his sexual assault
and sexual harassment Ronan Farrow
released a blockbuster expose multiple
women have accused him of Weinstein of
rape and now apparently Weinstein had
these extensive efforts to silence
people he hired private investigators
and exercise to suppress allegations
they hired Kroll one of the world's
largest corporate Intel companies and
black cube an enterprise run by former
officers of Mossad and they they used
false identities to meet with Rose
McGowan who eventually publicly accused
Weinstein of rape to extract information
from her he directed efforts to kill
accusations stories from the New York
Times and New York magazine and he used
his lawyer David Boies lead his lead his
effort to prevent the New York Times
from from doing any of these reports
David Bowie boys as you remember was a
an attorney who represented Gore in the
bush-gore presidential election saga he
had agents posing as advocates for women
he had front companies to cover his
operations he hired investigative
journalists to interview and collect
informations from the accusers so he's
actually hiring the chief contents offer
for officer from the National Enquirer
okay this is pretty horrific stuff and
it demonstrates again how Hollywood is
able to manipulate the news from behind
the scenes and even manipulate some DC
players okay so should we save the rest
of deconstructing the culture for next
week are we out of time we're out of
time so we'll have to save some
deconstructing culture for next week I
was going to do post Malone but we'll
have to save that for next two
and remind me and we'll do it next week
as well okay so we'll be back here
tomorrow with all of the latest news I'm
Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
