all right so just to recap the Clavin
last weekend a virulent atheist murders
worshipers in a church and the left
takes to Twitter to mock prayer a legal
gunman takes down a guy with illegal
guns so the left attacks legal guns
illegal leaks from the Muller
investigation are used by Democrat
collaborator NBC to distract us from the
fact that corruption in the Democrat
Party is now so deep that an honest
Democrat would have died of loneliness
had there ever been an honest Democrat
which apparently there wasn't and a
Republican may become the governor of
blue Virginia and the NFL which was the
hottest brand in the country about 20
minutes ago now has ratings somewhere
between woman women's basketball and
bocce you remember the oscar-winning
song it's hard out there for a pimp
apparently it's even harder if what
you're pimping is socialism the left is
going down in flames
Michael Knowles you remember Michael
Knowles the star of another Kingdom and
also the host of some show or other I've
never heard of but Michael knows the
host of our own Michael nul show he was
at the Buckley dinner the William F
Buckley dinner at Yale over the weekend
and he has a report that what is
happening to his dear old alma mater
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
we know Singh
it's alright I always hate these days
when we have these terrible tragedies
not because yeah obviously because there
has been a terrible tragedy but also
because I don't think I can add all that
much to what there is to say but I do
want to talk about how it's covered and
how we talk about it a little bit mostly
I've just been watching all weekend long
I was just watching the left is going
down in flames and because the media is
left you're not really seeing it quite
as clearly as you would if we had a fair
and balanced medium medium I know that
you're all wondering you know why I'm
here and not at the post office I'm glad
you asked me that question I know that's
the first thing that comes into your
mind there's Clavin why is he here and
not at the post office and the reason is
I use stamps.com
because without stamps.com you're going
along your internet your cyber life that
the 21st century has all driven us to
the fast moving you know internet life
and suddenly have to stop shut your
computer get in your car drive to the
post office wait online and everything
slows down
but with stamps.com you can have all the
services of the US Postal Service right
at your fingertips in your computer you
can buy and print official US postage
for any letter and he package any class
of mail using your own computer and
printer stamps comm just makes it easy
they'll send you a digital scale it'll
automatically calculate the exact
postage and they'll even help you decide
the best class of mail based on your
knees all things used to have to stand
on line and wait for the guy behind the
counter at the post office to do and you
weren't even sure all the time he was
getting it right but with stamps.com
it's just that easy it just comes right
out of your computer and it's cool it's
fun to use too right now you can enjoy
the stamps comm service with a special
offer that includes a four week trial
plus postage and a digital scale without
long term commitments go to stamps.com
click on the microphone at the top of
the homepage and type in clayvin and I
know you're all thinking how many A's
and clayvin
okay and I know it's amazing it's very
condensed stamps.com
enter Clavin stamps.com and in my case
I'm supposed to say you'll never have to
go to the post office again my case I'll
never have to you know tell my wife to
go to the post office that kind that's
that's what the kind of skunk I am you
know this this story out of Texas is as
bad as it can possibly be there's no way
I can on this show do Kratt it would
take a minister and in a church
obviously madman goes into a church
opened fire the death toll I think is up
to 27 as I'm speaking it'll probably go
up he apparently hit everybody in this
tiny Church in this tiny town so you
know there's only like 400 people in the
entire town it looks like I mean he was
his friends all say or his friends the
people who knew him say that he was a
virulent virulent atheist who was always
talking about how stupid people who
believe in God are and he was also a guy
who had been cashiered out of the
military for beating up his wife and
child which means that of course he
shouldn't have had a gun in the first
place you can't get a gun if you've been
convicted of domestic abuse domestic
violence so we're talking about a guy
who would have had a gun whether there
were laws against guns or not he was
breaking the law and as he came out a
plumber who lived next door as he came
out of the church a plumber came out
with a rifle and shot him and then the
guy got in through his car and drove
away the shooter got into his car and
drove away the plumber then just waylaid
a car that was driving by and said after
that guy and the other guy the guy in
the car just took off after because this
is Texas these guys don't mess around
this is they drove off after these guys
run him down but it looks like he killed
himself
in the car that's what the sheriff was
saying this morning so obviously again
tragedy beyond our minds ability to
comprehend evil beyond the minds ability
to comprehend and one of the hardest
things for people to comprehend is our
helplessness in the face of evil which
is true without God we are completely
helpless with God we at least have a
fighting chance
for the world but never in these
individual
so the left goes into its and left this
media first which is just an arm of the
left at this point goes into their
immediate playbook which is it's all
about the guns and by doing that
something interesting happens let's look
at a montage let's start off with a
montage of them is number 10 I think the
media just bringing out their playbook
right away Richard Blumenthal who
tweeted out horror heartbreak shame
prayers are important but insufficient
after another unspeakable tragedy
Congress must act or be complicit so I
mean we're watching this slaughter in
America you know our political leaders
doing anything at all to stop it first
the Second Amendment in this case has
nullified the right to live for many
people in this church and I think a
national discussion has to happen it's
not to you know we've constantly run
away from it but we're going to be keep
doing this until we have that discipline
since I arrived at Congress this year
I've been talking about limiting
magazine capacity and guns and and this
is just another incident probably the
fourth or fifth this year that could
have been not prevented certainly the
damage would have diminished greatly if
we had just made small changes to our
gun laws fundamentally a problem in
America and it's not gonna fix every
shooting that's the argument they make
well seatbelts won't stop every car
fatality either and we can't get even
the Congress to give us one sentence to
say that you can't have bump stock so
there's a guy named Chet cannon he runs
a something called the Democratic
coalition against Trump or something
like this and he claims to be the
biggest you know arm of the resistance
after the New York City terrorist attack
where the is Islamist ran down people in
lower Manhattan when Trump talked about
the diversity Visa Lottery program this
guy Scott yes I'm sorry Scott Dworkin is
the guy I'm sorry Chuck Hannah's the guy
who tweeted that who retweeted this
Scott Dworkin is the guy from this
Democratic resistance he said it's the
morning after the NYC terrorist attack
and Trump's already politicizing it like
the disgusting and deranged little boy
he is and
of course today same guy Scott Dworkin
yes I'm going to politicize the blank
out of the mass murder of 20 soon 20
innocent people in Texas deal with it
alright I'll deal with it you're you're
scum now you're dealt with that's the
thank you very much you know here's the
thing here's the point I want to make
because the left the left is obsessed
with disarming individual Americans
because they hate individual Americans
they want to impose on us a government
that tells us what to do what church
what our church life should be like what
we should believe about sexuality they
want us to the state this whole thing
about transgenderism isn't about race
it's not about transgenderism I'm not
going off on a tangent here it's about
making sure that you believe just like
in Orwell's 1984 that you believe that -
and - it's not for it's not 5 it's not 2
it is what the state says it is so the
transgender thing is you believe that a
man and a woman is what the state says
it is they want you to accept the idea
that you don't know reality your take on
reality doesn't matter and in order to
do that they have to take your guns away
because ultimately the point is to take
everything from you to take all your
power away all your individuality all
your freedom and if you have guns it's
gonna be a lot harder for them to do
that so that's their obsession it's
taking away your guns and because the
media is leftist the dialogue
immediately goes to the topic of guns
and that puts us those of us who believe
in the Second Amendment that puts us on
the defensive we have to say no for
instance in this case that guy who just
said oh just a little change in the laws
would have changed everything would have
changed nothing except maybe to take a
gun away from the guy who shot the bad
guy so so we are put in a position where
we're still being drawn in to their
conversation ok now here's my take on
the Second Amendment as this the Second
Amendment is not up for negotiation
because it is what protects us from the
government okay the government should be
afraid of us ok they did you know I
didn't hear a lot of complaints I didn't
hear the media go on and on and on when
a Bernie bro shot our congressman Rand
Paul was attacked by the lunatics
socialists who lived next door broke 5
of Rand Paul's ribs he's still I think
he's still in the hospital or he's just
been released you know
I want to make sure that the people who
want to stop those guys that people want
to stop the Bernie Bros who want to
socialize our country the people who
want to you know take out Rand Paul
because he is a libertarian I want to
make sure that those guys are afraid of
us of each and every one of us and the
only way to ensure that is with guns it
has nothing to do with hunting has
nothing to do with you know
self-protection it has to do with the
fact that we should be able to organize
into a militia if ever our government
goes south god forbid that should happen
god forbid that should happen but if it
does we should be able to have guns and
defend ourselves and every time the left
says in other countries they don't have
this problem there are no other
countries there's only us people because
we are unique we are exceptional we are
different because one we're a creedal
country we live by a creed not by a race
not by the color of our skin not by even
our religion we live by a creed that
grows out of our religion but that is
what constitutes our country that's the
first thing so we're unique in that way
and the second thing is we are we aren't
we govern the creed is that we govern
from the bottom down I am supposed to
have the most power the town has the
next most the state the next and the
federal government should not have that
much power now of course that has been
changing since 1776 and getting worse
and worse until a president of these
United States actually thought he should
have the power to regulate who uses the
bathrooms in your school in Texas in
Nashville he actually believed that so
we know we need the protections of the
Second Amendment because we know how
crazy these guys how power crazy these
guys can get so it's not up for grabs
it's not up for negotiation this
conversation shouldn't even be happening
the minute it happens the TV set should
be turned off you know that is not the
question
weirdly because this doesn't always
happen Donald Trump got it exactly right
Donald Trump is in Japan making his
Asian trip here's here's was his
reaction this isn't a guns situation I
mean we could go into it but it's a
little bit soon to go into it but
fortunately somebody else had a gun that
was shooting in the opposite direction
otherwise it would have been as bad as
it was it would have been much worse but
this is a mental health problem at the
highest
level it's a very very sad event it's a
these are great people and a very very
sad event but that's the way I view it
see that that is instead of going on in
defending the Second Amendment which
doesn't need defending we can defend it
when the time comes because we were
armed because of the Second Amendment
but but instead of defending the Second
Amendment we should actually be on TV
talking about mental health because the
mental health system in this country has
collapsed it doesn't exist anymore
during the 80s all the asylums closed it
made it impossible the idea I suppose
was that it was we were going to we're
gonna have the drugs we needed to
control people but almost all of these
shooters were on some kind of drugs you
know and there are almost all of them
are fatherless almost all of them have
other problems but we do need a system
of mental health in this country it is
really there there really is no nothing
to do when you know heaven forfend but
if somebody you love comes to you and
says starts talking crazy and starts
talking violent there's not that much
you can do and there should be you
should be able to put people away you
should be able to protect them and
others from themselves and from their
insanity most mentally ill people are
not dangerous obviously but a certain
amount of them are and really need to be
stopped now I don't know if that would
have stopped this guy I don't know but
I'm just saying that it is true that our
mental health system has collapsed and
it has been actually has been
deconstructed more than collapsed so
just going on on this this idea this
obsession it's not just with disarming
us because everything the left does is
about the government getting power over
individuals let me just show you for a
minute I just have to talk about this
guy I want to make sure I get his name
in here because he's such a the plumber
who shot this bad guy and I'm not
mentioning the name of the bad guy cuz
screw him but the the plumber who shot
him was named Stephen Wilford and
Stephen Wolford shot him the guy got in
his car wounded dropped his gun the bad
guy dropped his gun got in his car
started driving away and Wilford then
waved down the sky Johnny Langan Dorf
and was like get in the car and they
took after this guy 95 miles an hour
here's a Langan door
describing this he got a little bit of a
jump on us and so we were doing about 95
down 539 going around traffic and
everything eventually he came to kind of
a slow down and after that we got within
just a few feet of him and then he got
off the road
how did that happen did you guys bump
him or did he lose control myself he he
just lost control and then that's
whenever I put the vehicle in park
because I was still on the phone with
dispatch and the other gentleman jumped
out and had his rifle drawn on him and
he didn't move after that so if you
couldn't see him if you're just
listening to the show he's got the whole
Texas thing going on he's got a cowboy
hat he's also got a tattoo of a steer
Longhorns steer on his neck
and when I see this guy who chased after
a mad dog killer at 95 miles an hour
like on the instant right he's driving
by and he's like minding his own
business and he just suddenly goes into
this I'm thinking what do you think our
friends in the media think of this guy
what do you think our friends in the
media think this is this is the guy they
hate this is the guy the same is same as
with those people in Houston who are
rescuing people these are the people
they despise so let's compare this
fellow this gentleman to our celebrities
our betters our elites right Paul Ryan
the Speaker of the House tweeted his
condolences to the victims actor Wil
Wheaton this is from News Buster's one
of my favorite sites
Wil Wheaton of Star Trek The Next
Generation tweeted at Paul Ryan the
murdered victims were in a church
if prayers did anything they'd still be
alive you worthless sack of bleep he had
tweeted earlier welcome to America it
has been zero days since our last mass
shooting at the NRA
by the way there's never been a mass
shooter who belonged to the NRA so I
don't know what the NRA has to do with
this they're defending a Second
Amendment
MSNBC's joy reid decided to mix in a
theology lesson enough with the thoughts
and prayers already the bible teaches us
that faith without works is dead do
something or say nothing
atheists ricky gur vase threw in his two
cents my thoughts and prayers are that
people wake the blank up even pop star
Katy Perry got involved saying
prayer without action is powerless
Chelsea Handler decided to blame I this
is her tweet this is amazing innocent
people go to church on Sunday to honor
their God and while doing so gets shot
and killed what country America why
Republicans yeah how what I where'd I
don't even know where that singer Josh
Groban prayers are what the victims were
doing if you respond to these attacks
with prayers but no action you are
protecting the next murderer
Mobe just went straight to the favorite
scapegoat did you hear me Trump
Republicans NRA every single gun death
is preventable and every single gun
death is the result of real Donald Trump
Chris Amy Brenneman tweeted vote these
NRA lovers out director Adam McKay went
a bit further claiming that the shooter
must have been a member of the
Republican Party we don't know anything
about that guy clearly loon you know
another part of the problem is the
Republican Party doesn't view mentally
ill heavily armed white guys as
dangerous they view them as voters
hahaha Rosie O'Donnell attacked the NRA
saying when will we end the NRA
stranglehold on Congress Robert doc I
don't know how to pronounce my name
Krause KR o es e who's a my colleague
fellow novelist he tweeted nice to see
celebrities taking time off from raping
each other to condemn prickly the way I
thought about it I was thinking you know
these guys like every one of these
people is implicated in this Hollywood
mess where every single guy is chasing
these women around doing disgusting
things and not you know it's not like oh
I got drunk one day and I did this
stupid thing I'm ashamed it's not like
that it's the this is what they do this
is how they behave and they're going to
preach to us about you know and this has
been going on you know there was a piece
it was in the Daily Mail they ran a
piece from nineteen to 1940s about
Maureen O'Hara she was the one of the
most beautiful and best actresses she
was a co-star of John Wayne and the
quiet man and this is an article from
the 1940s Irish film star Marine O'Hara
today charged Hollywood producers and
directors with calling
a cold potato without sex appeal because
she refuses to let them make love to her
I am so upset with it that I'm ready to
quit Hollywood Maureen says it's got so
bad I hate to come to work in the
morning on a helpless victim of a
Hollywood whispering campaign because I
don't let the producer and director kiss
me every morning or let them paw me they
have spread word around town that I am
NOT a woman that I am a cold piece of
marble statuary
I guess Hollywood won't consider me as
anything except a cold hunk of marble
until I divorce my husband give my baby
away and get my name and photograph in
all the newspapers if that's Hollywood's
idea of being a woman I'm ready to quit
now
so these people what coming on our moral
betters who are coming on have been this
way forever this is not a new thing and
these are the guys we're gonna talk to
us about church and what we should
believe in God and what we how we should
react to tragedy
you know I admit I admit that there's a
certain amount of helplessness in the
face of evil and it's hard to bear but
that is why we pray that is why we send
our prayers to people because we
understand that we are helpless but God
is not you know that is that's the whole
point you know it's just just watching
this but it's only part of this larger
corruption which I'll talk about in a
minute first we have to talk about
brushing your teeth because I'm sitting
here drinking coffee and the one thing
they tell me every time they say every
time you drink coffee you have to brush
your teeth and in order to do that you
have to have a toothbrush and it is much
much better I have found personally
found it is much much better to use an
electric toothbrush than a hand
toothbrush and you know electric
toothbrushes are great but every one of
them is a size of a bazooka
except for quip quip has this very sleek
very beautiful electric toothbrushes
powered by batteries so you don't have a
whole gizmo that you have to use you can
take it with you anywhere you go is kind
of like Apple had designed a toothbrush
but without a big price tag they're not
that expensive you can take it with you
when you travel easily you can just put
it right in my top kit which is great
because I have I have used the bigger
ones and I can't take those with me when
I travel just too much of a pain in the
neck
and you can subscribe and receive a new
brush head on a dentist recommended
three month plan for just five bucks
including free shipping qyp toothbrushes
are backed by leading dentists and this
was named as one of Time Magazine's best
inventions of 2016 they won a 2016 GQ
grooming
they made it onto Oprah's 2017 New
Year's olace and they start at just $25
here's what you do right now go to get
qyp dot-com / Clavin to get your first
refill pack free with equipped electric
toothbrush if you put in que la VA n get
quip comm slash Clavin it not only helps
us you know when you go to these
sponsors and visit these sponsors it
helps us keep our show on the air but
you can get your first refill pack free
with equip electric toothbrush as well
that's your first refill pack free at
get quip comm slash Clavin GE tqu IP
comm slash Clavin good stuff we got to
say goodbye to Facebook and YouTube let
me tell you what you were missing if you
can come over to the daily wire.com and
listen to the rest of the show
you can listen on Facebook but if you
want to watch the whole thing without
being cast out into the exterior
darkness where there is great wailing
and gnashing of teeth
just subscribe for a lousy 10 bucks a
month and you can watch the whole thing
at the daily wire.com for a lousy 100
bucks for the whole year you get the
leftist tears tumblr which is excellent
and and the conversation is coming back
Michael Knowles who
oh yeah Michael I remember Mike almost
yeah Michael Knowles who will be with us
in fact in just a few minutes will on
Tuesday November 14th at 5 p.m. Eastern
2 p.m. Pacific he will be on the
conversation this is where you send in
your questions that Ben did it I did it
and it's been really popular and we
answer all your questions
NOLs of course we'll just ramble Mimi
because he doesn't know anything but
that's you know that will be entered
that's entertainment in and of itself
now anybody can watch this it streams
live on The Daily wire web site Facebook
page and YouTube channel and it'll be
free for everyone to watch but only
subscribers can ask the questions so
subscribe today for a lousy 10 bucks a
month and you can ask Michael questions
and watch him fumble them which on the
conversation all right we have to say
goodbye to Facebook and YouTube come on
over to the daily wire.com
so all of this you know this is this man
that the left is bankrupt they are
morally bankrupt and it turns out and
when we're talking about the Democratic
Party they were also actually bankrupt
this weekend on NBC NBC released a story
that that the mulher investigation now
has enough information to indict Michael
Flynn you remember Michael Flynn for 24
days was in the Trump cabinet and then
he lied to Mike Pence about a
conversation he had with a Russian
ambassador or something like that so he
had to quit okay so now and B first of
all this is an investigation there's not
supposed to be any leaks right NBC is
basically an arm of the Democrat Party
right as MSNBC's NBC it's run by
everybody who runs that everybody who
owns it all Democrats all the time these
are the guys who covered up basically
for Harvey Weinstein when the sexual
scandal hit they're all part of this
whole thing and they cover this up and
now they leak this weird little story
because it's not that Flynn is gonna be
indicted it's that they have enough
information to indict him which is
essentially a non-story right a source
comes to you and says we have enough
information to indict that's a non-story
because you don't know what it means we
don't know who this guy is who their
source is why is it there it is there to
take attention away to distract your
attention from the deep dye corruption
that we now know exists in the Democrat
Party not only do we know that Hillary
Clinton paid for the steel dossier
filled with Russian you know Russian how
can I put it misinformation about Donald
Trump we don't know how much of it was
misinformation but it came directly from
the Kremlin through the steel dossier
Hillary Clinton paid for it but now
Donna Brazile write the is that I was
pronouncing Brazil president yeah the
former head of the DNC says she came in
to the DNC and she promised that she
would let Bernie Sanders know if they
were working against him and what she
found was that Barack Obama had
bankrupted had left the Democrat Party
bankrupt and so the Clinton people had
come in and said we'll bank
roll the the democrat party basically
but the debt essentially the democrat
party becomes us it becomes the clinton
campaign and we will be in control of
all the money this is her story donna
brazile so that means that essentially
they were controlling all the money and
bernie was screwed i mean there it was
everything he said was true turns out to
be true
so how does the media respond to this
well first let's let's let donna now you
remember donna Brazile is the woman who
was at CNN she was a CNN commentator and
she was passing questions to the clinton
campaign so she's a clinton fan you know
she's a Clinton fan George
Stephanopoulos listen to Stephanopoulos
this question former former I should say
current Democrat hack Stephanopoulos on
a be seen and also ABC News man listen
to the questioning asked do you think
this helps for the book to come out well
George I mean this is a lesson of 2016
if I released it let the next year they
would say Donna you're impacting on 2018
if I release it the fuck down here
you're impacting George for those who
are telling me to shut up they told
Hillary that a couple of months ago you
know what I tell them go to hell
I'm gonna tell my story I want to tell
my story George because this is a story
of a young girl who started in American
politics at the age of nine who
continues to fight each and every week
of her life I I went down to Virginia
last week to kick off the canvassing
campaign nobody paid me to do that
nobody nobody I'm not on the payroll
George I care about my country I care
about our democracy and I say go to hell
because I'm us why am I supposed to be
the only person is unable to tell my
story so suddenly suddenly Donna Brazile
is bad news you know so brian Stelter
was on with Kelly and Conway and they're
going back and forth was always
entertaining they're punching it you
know they're like it's like watching
Rock'em Sock'em robots they just punch
each other in the face but Stelter is
such a gem Conway has now got his number
so that everything he says she just
lights him up but listen to her now he's
going after his former colleague yeah
here's the deal the credibility crisis
exists on the other in the other party
now I just cannot believe the bombshell
that Donna Brazile has launched where
she says
she was dealing with three quote Titanic
egos President Obama you know when she
lied and when it was revealed that CNN
fired her for giving to bake questions
Hillary I think that's very unkind to
Donna Brazile defending Donna Brazile
but I just I mean they all did this I
mean Anderson Cooper did the same thing
you know it's just like they're just
throwing this woman under the bus
because suddenly she's talking about the
the Democrat Party and telling it's
obviously true that this was happening
you know but it's just how it is also it
also reflects on Obama that he left this
party bankrupt so I just want to play
before we get to Michael Knowles I just
want to play this David Brooks clip
right he is from knucklehead Rowe at the
New York Times but he goes on this thing
where he has a fake conservative argues
with a liberal so a fake conservative
argues with a liberal that for NPR that
PBS is what they call a debate between
its sides but Brooks David Brooks has
this to say about talking they're
talking about the Virginia race there's
a Republican a kind of semi trumpian Ed
Gillespie sim it doesn't like trumpety
kind of agrees with some of Trump
running in Virginia a state that hates
Donald Trump I think Hillary won it by
5% right and they should it's been a
blue state for lots of elections they
have a blue a popular Democrat governor
they they should just take the state but
now they seem to be running
neck-and-neck the Democrat has a slight
lead in the polls but not that much and
so the Democrat had Gillespie looks like
he has a chance and they're talking
about the fact that this is just the
Democrat Party coming apart at the seams
and here is what David Brooks have to
say it's cut 5 president Trump now David
is saying the Democratic Party should be
investigated the Clinton campaign should
be investigated by the Justice
Department the FBI yeah I don't know
about that but you know those of us who
are trying to rebut populist like Trump
have the disadvantage that our our
elites really do stink and this is an
advantage of example of that like the
look we it was sort of an open secret
that the DNC was on Hillary Clinton side
we saw it from the schedule of the
debates alter the
they didn't want to have them because
they didn't want to give Sanders the
platform but this goes beyond what even
I imagined was the level of collusion I
mean it's a pretty sleazy economic
takeover of a party apparatus against
the bylaws of that apparatus it's just
not something a normal campaign that
respects institutions and how things
should work should do once he wants to
defend the elites but they stink and
when he says elites when he says elites
let us be clear that he means Democrat
elites that is why Brooks has been swept
away Brooks who had a kind of a what
would I call it a visceral conservatism
he believed in sort of you know being
elegant and having class and kind of old
conservative values but he's been swept
away by the elitism which is all leftism
and is all empty and corrupt and
speaking of empty and corrupt we have
Yale graduate Michael knows the the host
of the Michael nul show which is
absolutely excellent you actually I hate
to say it but you actually do an
excellent job on your show you know if I
weren't so extremely tired and hungover
from a delayed flight last night I would
blush but I have to I have to just tell
this one thing because I I saw your
fiance ELISA
over the over the weekend she was at a
party that I was at and now I have to
explain this to the audience but Michael
is the star the performer of another
Kingdom which is our and we hope you
will go on iTunes and subscribe and rate
it and pump it up because it really is
it's doing really well it's got over
like 500 five-star reviews now and it's
really it's you're becoming a star
pretty soon you'll be able to abuse
women and yeah you know I actually did
purchase in New York this weekend the
bathroom hope I can go into I just say
just a few more a few more five-star
reviews and you should be ready to bring
women to your hotel
so one of the great mysteries of life is
that Knowles is engaged to one of the
nicest women I have ever met one of the
sweetest human I mean some in some
places they walk around asking why we're
here who is God the daily wire we walk
around saying how did Knowles
unbelievable it is divine it is an
evidence against divine justice there's
no question about but she is the
sweetest and she has this sweet little
voice you know she says hello how are
you that kind of thing but every time
you do her voice yeah I think you did it
right it's usually something to the
effect like I got in late last night you
know and ELISA was there she she stayed
up late because she was nervous about my
flight so I walk in the door and she
does this every single time I turn to
and say how did Sonos is doing of all
the voices on another Kingdom and there
is a character because it takes place in
this kind of bizarre world it's a
character who is a rat but she is a
mutant rat with a woman's face so I said
well you know give her like this mutant
rat voice using my voice it's not your
it's well you guys are weird too weird
for me like I can't even understand how
this happened in you know moral life
yeah it certainly isn't logical in any
way but yeah very lucky
I guess it's evidence against divine
justice but for divine mercy that must
be it so you were at your alma mater
dear old yeah I was I was a dear old
Yale I was at the institution formerly
known as Yale a former University and I
was there for the Buckley program
because my senior year junior senior
year they found it at Yale of the
William F Buckley Jr program huh for
intellectual diversity on campus and I
was one of the inaugural fellows of it
and at the time they thought you know
we're noticing at Yale there's a slight
anti conservative bias here and they had
no idea what would happen within the
next five or six years
his professors started getting fired for
suggesting that 18-year old students can
choose their own Halloween costumes yes
that really happened yeah this all
really started to happen so I've missed
the dinner a few years in a row now but
I was able to make it back this time and
I'm glad I did because my year they only
had a handful of student fellows I you
know I represented about 40% of
Republicans on campus we're not a lot of
us and now they have I think 54 student
fellows there and so I was able to speak
to some of them freshmen all the way up
to seniors and I said well I had no idea
that there were 54 conservatives or
Republicans on campus and a lot of them
said to me we're not Republicans we at
least we didn't think we were
Republicans we came here thinking we
were Democrats and liberals but Yale is
apparently so radicalized these students
because of how absurd their leftism has
become that they are now only finding
intellectual solace at the conservative
right-wing bill buckley program that's
really I mean that's kind of what I've
been talking about all day is I mean
this is you know Ronald Reagan said this
he said they can't help themselves
so don't worry when they take power
because they will become left left us
and alienate everybody and I think
that's what they're doing I mean we see
it there was I think two weeks ago last
week or two weeks ago there was a group
of student protesters who demanded that
the Yale Investment Office divest from a
construction investment which would have
allowed a transmission pipeline to be
built to transport hydropower energy
from Canada to the United States not oil
not natural gas we talking about
hydropower because some forests might
have had to be cleared somewhere wow
that is they yeah I think a week before
that Yale students decolonized the
English department I don't mean just
some protest they got the English
department to quote decolonize not just
diversify if they were to diversify
they'd offer some poets that are
probably not very good but they're
obscure and you know it's like a
Sicilian whose Becky
woman or whatever but the this wasn't
that you can now graduate from you
with a degree in English and not read
Shakespeare there's a true that is true
see that's that is a genuine failure
that is genuinely failing letting down
the people who were paying you to
educate them that you have not studied
in English if you don't read Shakespeare
and if you don't read Shakespeare a lot
I mean you should really read the
complete if you're an English major you
should read the complete works of
Shakespeare because everything you think
comes from Shakespeare whether you like
it or not even if you disagree with what
you think it comes from Shakespeare and
I think that that's that is a genuine
failure of Yale and shame on them and
that requirement it was because
previously if you wanted to get into
Greene English at Yale you would have to
take a course called major English poets
right but they were very upset because
it turns out that many major English
poets are English and major yeah a major
yes so that was and you bring up that
your people are really getting ripped
off because I'm paying seventy thousand
dollars a year and they're not learning
anything but what's amazing especially
with the protests over investments is
that as of 2012 and it's increased since
then fifty seven percent of Yale
students received financial aid I paid
very little to go to Yale yeah but back
when I went it was even up to fifty
percent then I think we're a little
under so there all of these curricula
are being subsidized by the people that
the students are then vilified yeah ones
are paying for their education yeah and
there was even I there this we saw this
in May there was a hunger strike a I'm
sorry a symbolic hunger sorry because
Yale graduate students are allowed to
unionize for some reason I have no idea
why but they're allowed to unionize yeah
but that wasn't enough they're not
allowed to unionize by department so
they're not allowed to have these like
six member unions as a result they went
on a hunger strike where whenever you
get hungry you can eat but otherwise
it's a hunger strike that's where if
you're a student at Yale and you're
seeing that you you know you come you
think you're a liberal from Connecticut
or something you show up you say oh yeah
I'm a Democrat and you look at this
chaos around you you look at a
university in flames basically right
there's there is no way that you could
help but seek out some academic
seriousness what are they what did they
talk about at the dinner so the dinner
was on the Constitution in the courts
it was on actually Kelly Ayotte the
former senator was there and she
basically talked about being Miss Sherpa
for Judge Corey search for justice Neil
Gorsuch and it was a very you know I
think many people would go there and say
this is so boring we're talking about
the Constitution yeah this is so boring
we're talking about constitutional law
and history and how our government works
and it's not nearly as exciting as
burning down buildings marching and
screaming I've missed yeah I know that's
right
but it was a you know there's always a
theme every year and this year the theme
was the Constitution in the courts and
it was probably one of the few serious
looks that Yale will offer on that
throughout the year and I think it was
no coincidence that the conference was
forced to move off campus to a hotel
right nearby because it was - it was
just too radical to have a former US
Senator talk about the courts what what
is your show about today so the show
today is about our great Mikado virtuous
man president Donald Trump oversees
Shinzo Abe and the wonderful confluence
the fake news was turned up to 11 I saw
that I saw that that was a real joy I
had a lot of time to read the news as I
was trying not to sleep at the airport
yesterday and and also I sure you might
have caught this Donna Brazile seems to
be validating right-wing conspiracy
theories about seth rich hilarious so
we'll explain what that means yeah we're
gonna find out at the end of this whole
thing that Donald Trump is the great
virtuous man the upside down and that
hillary clinton literally shot all right
the michael mole show coming up it's
good to see you know i'll talk to you
later to see it right i I have to just
take a brief break before we get to our
crappy culture and talk about the fact
that Vin Scully the greatest sports
announcer who ever lived in all in all
eternity in every universe that no doubt
about it right he says he's never
watching a an NFL game ever again he's
had it
he says Papa John the pizza guy was on
with Peyton Manning all the time he says
the NFL has heard us by not resolving
the current debacle look at these if you
can if you're still watching you got a
look at these stadiums they are empty
the NFL used to be and you know this is
about race in a way which I'm sure the
left will be the quickest to say because
these guys started protesting by dissing
the flag they were protesting what they
felt was police brutality toward black
people but here's the questions they are
they are they Americans who happen to be
black or they blacks who happened to be
Americans because if they're Americans
who happen to be black
then I care about them very much because
they're part of my they're my countrymen
they're my fellow citizens citizens I
may not this may not agree with them but
that's part of being an American we sit
down we talk about it but then if you're
an American who happens to be black
salute the flag if you're a black person
happens to be American don't salute the
flag I don't care about you I got other
things to worry about I got to worry
about my fellow countrymen so that is
the problem you know that is the buying
that they're in and of course the white
players just want to support their pals
on the team which as they should but
they've the NFL has put them in a
terrible position by not to say no make
your protest somewhere else
make your protest when you want but not
while the flag is being saluted alright
our crappy culture
so I'm looking through the magazines and
some of this just comes into my can but
like the women's magazines is other
people have made this point but the
women's magazines have been essentially
colonized by the left and feminism there
are no women's magazines no major women
that's magazines that are run by
right-wingers or by people who are not
feminists from people and and you know
one of the things that I'm really
interested in that I want to start
talking about more is the way that by
owning our culture we don't even realize
we on the right don't even realize that
we are being made to apologize for the
simple truth I was talking about a
little earlier today about how the
transgender hoopla the you know the
foofaraw nobody cares about transgender
people nobody cares there are some
people who have problems with their
gender they have to work it out as best
they can you know God bless them let
them go in peace nobody cares about that
nobody wants to hurt them but the idea
that we must be forced to recognize
their illusion as the truth is a
governess in a mental mindset where we
think the party has is you know the
government has the say over what is true
instead of us let's say yeah 2+2 it
doesn't even equal 5 it equals what the
party says it will that is that was 1984
so now 32 equals 5 it equals what the
party says it equals and that is that
that's the whole thing and when I think
I think a lot about this about feminism
is that they have made it so we
apologize for thinking that men should
be men and women should be women I hear
this all the time and III really believe
I know I'm always picking on superhero
movies I like some superhero movies I
think there are too many of them I
really believe that superhero movies
have become a thing because they let men
be men basically nobody can nobody can
attack or criticize Superman for being
super right but if a man is super than
everybody says well why does the man get
to do it why shouldn't we put a strong
women in there because there are no
strong one that's why because in reality
the strongest man is always stronger
than the strongest woman right on down
the bell curve so that's that's the way
that's going to work and and that
creates certain responsibilities and
certain notions between us like the way
we treat each other and this the fact
that women have babies changes
the way we treat each other than the
fact that women or women changes the way
they do you know they have a different
attitude changes the way we treat each
other right this minute everything seems
like the left seems like it is trying to
dismantle everything I think it was in
cosmopolitan recently that they had a
piece basically trying to normalize
incest this is what it's like to fall in
love with your brother that was one and
there's a new website called open-minded
which with their hashtag accept love
campaign where they're trying to sell us
polygamy okay okay and the Huffington
Post loves this you know they just love
this they're pushing this thing and they
say this moment will be remembered in
history if not for the complete distinct
a ssin distinct ization then from making
great side strides and acceptance for
LGBT relationships and individuals from
this is from open-minded talking to The
Huffington Post
we are finally allowing people to
rightfully so to find themselves if we
can accept that a man can love a man and
vice versa for women why then is it so
difficult to wrap our minds around the
concept of loving more than one person
and here is a tape open-minded put out
in which this guy with four or I think
he's got four wives in there talks about
how great it is to be polygamous it's
hard to get everything you need from one
person and I've been in polyamorous
relationships before and it just never
worked as well as it has with this one
they just all have their qualities you
can find time to just enjoy each other's
qualities at different times you know
when we want to talk fashion hang with
her gardening and earthy staff
motivating these from any board it makes
life easier yeah you know it's hardly do
they expect so much from fair to expect
to get everything running from one
person so you know you wonder why you
look at societies like Islamic societies
where they have more than one women and
women are treated like crap of course
because the value of women goes down as
you're allowed to marry more of them if
you basically think it's right to have
one woman women become much more
valuable they have much more control in
relationships they have much more power
but I talk a lot about the period of
time between the French Revolution
and the Victorian age and the reason I
talk about it is it because to me it's
an exact mirror of our time not an exact
mirror it is a useful mirror of our time
and I always say that people know that
there was a Hitler and they know that
there was a fall of Rome so whenever
something happens in history in the
modern history they say oh it's just
like the fall of Rome oh it's just like
Hitler but in fact there were a lot of
other things that happened in history
too and one of them was the French
Revolution which did in fact
revolutionize the minds of Europe and
they thought it was the Age of Aquarius
when I was a kid there were the 60s
which revolutionized our culture not
always for the better and we thought
that that was the Age of Aquarius and
everything was going to be great
afterwards and free love was a big thing
while back in this time at the turn of
the 18th century free love was also one
of the cries of the poets and thinkers
and radicals who were following the
French Revolution and we're not swayed
by the fact that the French Revolution
was an utter failure that it led to a
terror and the terror then led to a
world war led by Napoleon and they only
in Britain did they hold out because
first of all their Navy was able to keep
the polian at bay and secondly they
repressed a lot of the revolutionary
sentiment they put people in jail for a
lot of their revolutionary set sentiment
the poet Shelley left and went to Italy
and railed against the marriage he wrote
a poem called epic epicyte Killian in
1821 one here's just a verse from it I
never was attached to that great sect
whose doctrine is that each one should
select out of the crowd a mistress or a
friend and all the rest though fair and
wise commend to cold oblivion though it
is in the code of modern morals and the
beaten road which those poor slaves with
weary footsteps tread he's talking about
married people those people who believe
in marriage that poor slaves with weary
footsteps tread who traveled to their
home among the dead by the broad highway
of the world and so with one chained
friend perhaps a jealous foe the
dreariest and the longest journey go
that was his description of marriage the
dreariest and the longest journey and
the poet William Blake who came before
Shelley was also the same although Blake
had one of the app
his marriages in all of literature he
said I cry love love love happy happy
love free as the mountain wind can that
be love that drinks another as a sponge
drinks water that clouds with jealousy
his nights with weepings all the day
this is Blake's description of marriage
to spin a web of age around him gray and
hoary dark till his eyes sicken at the
fruits that hang before his sight such
as self love that advise all a creeping
skeleton with lamp like eyes watching
around the frozen marriage bed the fact
is that right now even the left is
beginning to realize that marriage is
the great equalizer of our time that the
problem 70 years ago social mobility and
protection from poverty I'm reading this
is an essay on this fact Charles Murray
of the American Enterprise Institute
wrote this book coming apart the state
of white America which I read and he
says in 1960 the poorly and moderately
educated were only ten percent less
likely to be married than the
college-educated with both numbers quite
high eighty-four ninety-four percent
respectively today these two groups the
poor and the rich are separated by a
thirty five percent margin and the gap
continues to expand and even leftists
jonathan ross writing in the National
Journal Journal notes that marriage is
displacing both income and race as the
great class divide of the new century
Isabel Sawhill a senior scholar at the
center-left Brookings Institute boldly
and correctly proclaimed some years ago
that the proliferation of single-parent
households accounts for virtually all of
the increase in child poverty since the
early 1970s all of the increase in child
poverty marriage is a foundational value
of the country that was why people were
fighting me against gay marriage not
because they hated gays but because they
loved marriage and the only thing I want
to say is conservatives are naturally
pessimistic that's why they're
conservatives they think anything you
change they just follow that change into
oblivion and so they think if all these
people are coming out and touting incest
and polygamy that must be the way the
country is going I just want to remind
you that after those poems that I
by Shelley and and Blake Victorian yura
came when sexuality was basically as
wrapped around and tight as it could be
and marriage became almost deified I
mean the idea of the woman was then the
angel in the house they called her and
so just because people are touting this
stuff doesn't mean that it's not about
to collapse and I look at the left right
now and I see a burning building falling
into ashes in this way it's in the terms
of sexuality as well as in terms of
their politics and the terms of the
socialism that they're selling I think
that is actually good news even among
all the bad news that we have to suffer
every day I'll talk to you again
tomorrow we have a guest tomorrow don't
we it is oh yeah I think we have
Christina have some tomorrow which is
gosh she's the best so we will talk more
about this tomorrow
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show we'll see you then
