former interim DNC chairman Donna
Brazile has admitted that my crooked
cousin Hillary Clinton rigged the 2016
Democratic primaries this is really
going to hurt Chelsea 2024 then Candace
Owens red pill black at Leisha Kraus and
amber Athey joined the panel of
deplorable 'z as Republicans release
their tax plan Kevin Spacey seeks
treatment for sex addiction which is
totally a thing and not just an in Sisir
and rote reaction to bad accusations and
NFL popularity drops so low it might
destroy Papa John I'm Michael Knowles
and this is the Michael Noel's show for
Papa John this is a tough day for the
Noles rodham family as you know hillary
is my third cousin once removed Donna
Brazile who took over the DNC chair
after debbie Wasserman Schultz was asked
it has publicly accused Hillary of
rigging that primary she laments quote I
had been wondering why it was that I
couldn't write a press release without
passing it by Brooklyn well here was the
answer
had I known this I never would have
accepted the interim chair position but
here we were with only weeks before the
election
these are crocodile tears basically what
happened is that Hillary bought off the
DNC in exchange for controlling the
party's finances strategy and all of the
money raised they got to decide who the
communications director was they had
right of refusal on basically all of the
staff hires Hillary bought off the party
before she even announced her campaign
the reason that Donna Brazil's and
crocodile tears and her new bombshell
revelations in her new book or a little
suspect is that I'm old enough to
remember seven-and-a-half months ago
when Donna Brazile admitted to helping
Hillary Clinton rigged the election and
rigged the Democratic primaries in March
in mid to late March Donna Brazile
actually admitted that from her post at
CNN she fed Hillary Clinton debate
questions before she was debating Bernie
Sanders so that what it's actually more
interesting now that we know that
because now Brazil is claiming ignorance
saying she called Bernie Sanders and
cried she apologized
but that isn't true she's just as much
of a Clinton hack as anybody except for
now not anymore and what that means is
that the Clintons are finally after
decades toxic in the Democrat Party and
even longtime loyalists are running away
from them they probably won't be able to
inflict or inflict Chelsea 2024 on us or
some other Chelsea campaign you know
she's throwing Clinton under the bus a
lot of Democrats are throwing Clinton
under the bus now it's about time this
has been a long time coming and adios
sorry sorry cousin see you later
I guess well I won't see you in any
political positions I won't see you
hopefully on TV much longer we'll just
have to see each other at the family
reunion this is even more embarrassing
for Democrats because just today they
had to apologize for previously
admitting that they would discriminate
in their hiring practices so the
Democratic National Committee Data
Services Manager Madeleine leader said
that she would discriminate against
cisgender straight white males there was
this email that came out and she said
send over job candidates but no
cisgender straight white males there are
enough of those already please don't
pass this along to them it's really
really nice to see them eating their own
this week they said no we would never do
that it's like don't the Democrats have
been trying to do this the whole time
they that we see something with our own
two eyes we see that Donna Brazile
helped Hillary Clinton rig the
Democratic primary they said we would
never do that how dare you accuse us of
that well my eyes don't lie buster so
sorry also probably more important but
much less fun the Republicans have
unveiled the tax cuts and Jobs Act here
is Paul Ryan explaining the plan this
plan is for the middle-class families in
this country who deserve a break it is
for the families who are other living
paycheck-to-paycheck who just keep
getting squeezed you know about half the
country today is living paycheck to
paycheck and a lot more people are about
a paycheck away from living paycheck to
paycheck in this country and this is
going to help give people relief the tax
cut and Jobs Act will deliver real
relief for people in the middle people
who are also striving to get there with
this plan
the typical family of four will save
1182 dollars a year on their taxes for
many families having an additional 1182
dollars more will make a real difference
that 1182 dollars more covers about a
year's worth of gas for your car it
covers your family's phone bill for the
year depending how much data of course
your kids use that one thousand one
hundred eighty two dollars more that
could help you pay down your debt faster
it can help you start and renovate your
home faster that one thousand one
hundred eighty two dollars more for the
average family that will help you put
more money away for college it will help
you save through retirement it will help
you save for a rainy day with this plan
we are getting rid of loopholes for
special interest and we are leveling the
playing field so a nice presentation by
Paul Ryan there's a lot of great stuff
in this plan but I have to say as I
watch him unveil this politics has
changed so much since Donald Trump came
around it's really strange to watch Paul
Ryan giving this speech because that
used to be the status quo that's what
every politician did it was an earnest
presentation Paul Ryan is a budget wonk
so it's an earnest presentation but very
much in the mold of sincerity and
performing and earnestness and you know
he made a little joke about depending on
how much data your children use and
that's that's the sort of joke you're
allowed to make is a completely
inoffensive innocuous joke that no one
really thinks is funny but you all sort
of politely laugh at and that was
politics until this wrecking ball this
orange wrecking ball just knocked all of
that down and it's hard to watch a
speech given with that sort of rhetoric
given in that mode and not find it
disingenuous and I don't think Paul Ryan
is disingenuous I think he cares about
this proposal I think it's a good
proposal he's presenting it well but
that manner of speaking that we saw
certainly from from every other
candidate from Mitt Romney from John
McCain for a you know on and on and on
is gone.we it it seems it seems not
dishonest but it just doesn't ring as
true now because you've got a guy like
Donald Trump who doesn't
his language through this filter of
politics this filter of decades in
Washington and so it is really jarring
it's an interesting linguistic change
that I think we should probably thank
Donald Trump for because it's much more
interesting than you know just droning
on about about data usage from your
children that said it's an excellent
proposal so we permanently lower the
corporate tax rate to 20% it
consolidates tax brackets from seven to
four it eliminates a lot of exemptions
and deductions it expands the child tax
credit to new family tax credits now one
issue that's becoming a getting a lot of
pushback on the left and the right is it
repeals state and local tax deductions
but they compromised and they preserve
property tax break the reason this is
important it's you know it might mean
that your taxes go up which is terrible
and frustrating not to the only because
you're not allowed to deduct state and
local but there is a good aspect of this
which is that if you can deduct state
and local taxes then it creates an
incentive for your state and local
governments to raise taxes because the
taxpayer won't feel it on their bottom
line so it's a way for the it's a way to
raise taxes without being honest about
it
without people realizing it by removing
those deductions then all of a sudden
the government is accountable you will
feel those increase taxes obviously we
have a massive national debt we've run a
lot of deficits
you know big deficits at the early Obama
years trillion-dollar deficits so it
might be a way to address the fiscal
problem and the debt problem in DC while
also making your state and local
governments more accountable that said I
don't want my taxes to go up it repeals
the alternative minimum tax which is
very good a lot of Republican campaigns
even that I've been on and then we've we
heard in 2012 and 2016 said we should
have an alternative maximum tax we
shouldn't have these minimum taxes that
you have to pay and it repeals the death
tax which is very good because the death
tax is income that has been taxed
possibly three times it's income that's
been taxed on the rather it's wealth
that's been taxed on the income level in
the capital gains level and then when
you die they won't even let you get out
of this world without taking more money
from you so
is all really nice for analysis let's
bring on our panel of deplorable z-- we
have red pill black Candace Owens daily
wires Alicia Krauss and daily callers
amber Athey ladies thank you for helping
me recover from yesterday's all-male
panel it was just awful
I do that it's my producer it's because
I make jokes about him during the show
and then he punishes me without my
knowing
amber is this tax reform proposal is it
sufficiently conservative I think it's
definitely pretty conservative lowering
the corporate tax rate is something that
concerned us I've been pushing for it
for a really long time as Donald Trump
has said repeatedly we have the highest
corporate tax rate among advanced
economies they're simplifying the tax
code as well they're actually reducing
the number of brackets there are in the
tax code and there definitely is a
conservative cases you mentioned for
lowering or eliminating the state local
tax deductions because they do primarily
benefit states that are willing to raise
their taxes like states like New York
and California that have high taxes and
you know liberals can get on board with
that too though because it primarily
benefits high-income earners who are
primarily the ones that are itemizing
their tax deductions to begin with you
mean it Premier Li hit so high income
earners well they're primarily the ones
that are getting the state local tax
effects right right absolutely that's
right yeah so overall I mean I think
this is a really great start obviously
we still have to see if it passes and
then they have this artificial deadline
of Christmas so we'll see how all this
plays out but so far I think this is a
really great start it is a good start
they do have to do it we've been talking
about this for a long time there was an
Obamacare repeal failure so we do need
to get this done if Republicans can't
agree to raise drew to lower taxes
clearly something is cracked in our
party Alicia
speaking of getting it passed can we get
this passed as is I don't think so sorry
I think one of the biggest flaws that I
instantly saw was despite them saying
that this is a pro-family Pro cut plan
it's eliminating the adoption deduction
and as a pro-life very conservative
person I just
think that that's bad messaging and it's
gonna be something that the mainstream
media it latches on tune it's gonna be
something that a lot of pro lifers and
production people have issues with if
you're saying that you're pro-family
then you should be Pro all forms of the
family not just you know by log but
biological children but adopted children
as well I think that the Democrats are
going to have a huge problem of course
with the corporate tax rate and that's
going to become an issue more so when
this bill goes over the Senate but we'll
see and that this brings up a point
which is that it's very easy everyone
wants to get rid of a deductions we yeah
simplify it get rid of all those
deductions
except for my deductions except for mine
I like my deductions voters are though
mm-hmm yep even even on the rather
you're on the right or the left and I
think this is how we saw Donald Trump
come to power and become President of
the United States and 2016 is you had a
lot of those Rust Belt people saying oh
the Democrats aren't doing it for me
anymore this guy's saying that he's
gonna punish businesses that are going
overseas
that ain't conservative but Donald Trump
said that he would do it so that's why
he got their vote that's right and it's
it's at least it might be conservative
in a way I mean there is but certainly
not not what we had seen for the
previous 20 years that libertarian
streak very you know abstract
neoconservative at times this is much
more in the dirt much more grounded let
you know let's talk about my bottom line
and and it clearly worked and in defense
of wonky Paul Ryan I mean Paul Ryan is a
numbers guy this is something that
people have known about him for a very
long time he's the he's the legislative
kind of wonk and was always that going
back to the days that he was an aide on
Capitol Hill and I'm not just defending
him because he's married to a fellow
okie but I actually think it's kind of
endearing when Paul Ryan talks about
your kids cell phones oh it like makes
him seem like that geeky dad that he is
but I think the most impressionable and
emotional moment that seemed very real
as I believe it came from representative
cathy McMorris Rogers when she talked
about the estate tax and the death tax
because that's what it is and she was
able to share her very real experience
of when she was a teenager and her
father died in a tragic accident on
their farm and so they had a family farm
they had the equipment that a family
farm has but they actually had to take
out a loan that took her and her mother
10 years to pay off because after they
experienced this tragedy the IRS came
a-knockin and said you owe us money
and so I think that that is
thing that if if people even on the left
can't get on that it should be messaging
that the Republicans run with because
oftentimes Republicans look like the big
bad white guys smoking cigars like
Michael Knowles yeah we need to share
these stories of real incidents and and
our how our tax code is negatively
affecting average Americans and if you
can't get behind repealing that then I
don't think you have a heart and people
always say you know we can't legislate
morality we can't we can't but all
legislation is moral because politics is
just human interaction it's how humans
exist in civilized society and the tax
code is morold whether to let you keep
more of your money or to extort you when
your father dies that's a moral question
and there and there's an answer to it as
well Candace in this culture war era in
the era of Donald Trump
you know mouthing off in calling people
silly names and not the era of Paul Ryan
giving an earnest sort of performed
presentation on tax law and the tax code
can Donald Trump get his base excited
about the intricacies of tax reform ah
that's a very good question and I'm
gonna go ahead and say yes I mean yes
you're right that he does sort of use
inflammatory language and that gets
people excited because he's sort of
pushing through this PC culture which
was very necessary especially coming off
the heels of Obama but at the same time
you have to remember he's surrounded by
a team of people that are incredibly
intellectual and he understands his base
and he does also understand the liberal
base and it's going to be important that
were able to tap into the emotions which
you guys brought up and I think that he
is able to do that people don't show
those clips of him but when he is
standing on a podium he is tapping into
humanity and like you said it's not just
politics is largely built off of
morality and emotion and humanity and I
think that he is able to do that as well
he'll be able to execute perfectly
that's true it this kind of brings into
light I think why Paul Ryan giving a
speech like that in the era of Trump is
so strange is Paul Ryan comes off as a
boy scout and Donald Trump does not come
off as a boy scout Paul Ryan may
genuinely be a boy scout
we just don't as
culture we just don't buy it anymore
it's it's a you know we're not a culture
of Boy Scouts anymore and I think that's
why Mitt Romney got hit as well I think
it's why Mitt Romney probably couldn't
communicate but maybe you just need more
of a street talker for a for a more
Street Society society is less less
high-minded and in boy Scouty than it
used to be okay we've got to get we got
to get off this completely meaningless
topic of tax reform to get to what
really matters more groping all of the
Hollywood groping Kevin Spacey is
seeking treatment for sex addiction the
this is new allegations mount against
actor Jeremy Piven and against that 70s
show Danny Masterson sex addiction that
there seems to be an epidemic among rich
famous powerful men of wanting to have
sex with young beautiful women Candace
how did this public health crisis begin
yes exactly this is what happened when
people have a lot of money and when they
control the press these people feel
untouchable and what we are seeing is
just the greatest thing ever we've been
waiting for this they have been policing
us they've been standing up telling us
from their moral high-ground how stupid
we all are
how disgusting Donald Trump is because
of a tape of him talking to somebody
privately so this is just it's perfect
it's Karma it wakes up later and it
knocks people in the face and the PR of
course of them all going to see
treatment which I'm pretty sure means
let's hide underground in case a bigger
sin waiting and still a bigger story
comes up you know so they're all gonna
be a treatment for sex addiction and
again it comes from having money and too
much power and control of the press
Weinstein is in counseling too so these
guys were all going into town sling
you're right they're just hiding out
until the next story drops and you know
but he's there reports saying that he's
not taking it seriously at all he
smuggled in his cell phone he's saying
it's all a conspiracy space he basically
shrugged off these 30 year old
allegations and then he came at his gay
distract from amber why even go through
the charade of this sex addiction
treatment nobody buys it right well I
think the sad part
that there are a lot of liberals in
Hollywood who would buy this because
look if they frame this as a sex
addiction problem then all of a sudden
there someone with a mental health issue
that needs to be coddled and protected
and they're no longer some dangerous
predator you see the left do this all
the time with people who are sexual
degenerates and they just excuse their
behavior by saying that they're broken
or they're troubled and of course
Hollywood loves the story of the
comeback - so if these people are you
know able to quote-unquote get treatment
and spend a week and then take some you
know a three month vacation in Cabo and
then come back and make a hit film about
their struggles Hollywood's gonna eat
that right up and that's exactly the
point the mental health issue because it
goes from being something I did to
something my brain made me do and we
have done this with a lot of other
issues in society over the last century
or so issues that we would have
previously treated as moral failings we
now treat as a clinical kind of mental
condition you see it people are no
longer drunks they're alcoholics people
are no longer leches they are sex
addicts and and actually they there have
been good things that have come out of
this Alcoholics Anonymous is in many
ways evidence that taking a slightly
more clinical less judgmental approach
can be effective and can produce good
outcomes but you know there might be
some benefit to this level of
abstraction but Alicia
are there any hazards to treating moral
failings as strictly physical yeah
because I think that you potentially
have people out there and I have this
issue too like every single time there's
a terror attack or a shooting they're
like oh was it PTSD because we've
already seen that there's military men
and women that legitimately have PTSD
people that have experienced tragic
real-life events that actually have PTSD
are afraid to come forward and get
treatment for these real issues and so
I'm afraid that you're gonna have
somebody that legitimately might have a
pornography addiction or a sex addiction
or have had an assault situation in
their past and now they're afraid to
come forward because the Hollywood elite
is just scrubbing this off as if it's no
big deal and I'm wondering if that's why
you only have two people so far coming
forward because I'm hearing from friends
and people that I know in the industry
saying they're surprised these Kevin
space
allegations haven't come out years ago
and now we're hearing that people on his
sets new to keep young boys away from
him because he had a penchant for you
know that was his taste and that's just
disgusting and so I think that you have
a lot of people like the man that came
out earlier saying hey you know just
because I'm straight doesn't mean that
that's the only reason I had Kevin
issues with Kevin Spacey Spacey groping
me inappropriately it's that he
shouldn't be groping dudes at bars
appropriately and so I think that him
now checking in Weinstein checking in
kind of puts us Assad on it like oh like
you said it's a mental health issue
instead of a moral issue and that
actually prevents people who need help
for mental health getting the help that
they need in my humble opinion yeah it
does it does to base it in a lot of ways
absolutely right okay we have a really
important story to talk about how the
NFL has destroyed even chained pizza
through their terrible anti American
activism but dear viewers and listeners
you cannot hear the panel's take on this
unless you go to daily wire calm right
now we have to say goodbye to Facebook
and YouTube if you go to the Daily wire
right now you can subscribe thanks for
already being a subscriber if you are
helps us keep the lights on helps us
keep cuff fa and my tumblr if you're not
it's $10 a month or $100 a year for an
annual membership you give me you get
the Andrew Clavin show you get the Ben
Shapiro show yeah yeah yeah what else
you get this you get this right I just
told you a story today about the former
chairman of the Democratic National
Committee calling Hillary Clinton a
dirty rotten crook who stole the
election this left is tears tumblr it
will have to buy a bigger size we're
gonna have to start shipping bigger
sizes so get in now because they're
clearly gonna sell out otherwise you're
gonna drown it is the the leftist here's
tumblr you're gonna have your leftist
ears hot or cold always salty and
delicious so go over to daily wire calm
right now we'll be right back
the NFL is now so unpopular that it
might destroy Papa John might destroy
Papa John and Papa John's Pizza the CEO
of Papa John's John Schnatter
is blaming his company's dip in share
price and his personal loss within 24
hours of 70 million dollars on these
ignorant ingrates in the NFL and the
leadership of the NFL who refused to
address the problem and allow it to
fester and spread throughout the entire
league either taking knee protest
declining NFL viewership Papa John's has
been the official pizza of the NFL since
2010 bad investment
bad choice Bubba bad choice Papa John
Alicia is mr. John just passing the buck
or are sjw's now destroying even chain
pizza I actually decide with mr.
Schneider here and not just because he's
from Michigan like my husband is and how
do you know where everybody's from this
is this is the second time in the show
you've brought up the secret knowledge
it's my it's my worthless talent that
makes me no money but if I could figure
out a way for it to then that would be
really helpful I'm a big fan of their
like garlic butter dip too so this is
another reason why I'm defending Papa
John I'm male I just inject that right
into my element I get what he's saying
like you said he's been the pizza Papa
John's has been the pizza of the NFL
since 2010 I mean haven't they had
Manning in their ads before and so a
viewership goes down the eyeballs that
are looking at your commercial during an
NFL game and going hmm pizza and beer
sounds real good about now is definitely
gonna go down now is it entirely because
of the NFL's lack of being able to do
business well and lack of understanding
of who their audience is I don't know
there could be some other things going
on too or the you know that the
shareholders are saying something when
it comes to Papa John's but I think that
it could definitely play a role in in
how it's negatively affecting his
business it's probably negatively
affecting a lot of advertisers and
that's why you see ESPN really having to
shutter lots of their departments and
lay off lots of people because
advertisers aren't wanting to work with
ESPN anymore because they're losing
15,000 customers a day I know pretty
soon ESPN is going to have to shut down
its entire politics wing and then
gonna have to do sports amber for years
sjws have boycotted conservative
companies if some if they find out that
some CEO even considered voting for Bob
Dole in 96 they will try to shut that
business down are we beginning to see
activism of that sort among
conservatives that that kind of activism
on the right I think to some extent we
are because I know for example my
parents and actually myself we're not
watching the NFL this year because we
don't like to see anti American players
sit there and you know disgrace the flag
and disgrace everything that this
country stands for before they go and
play a game where they get rich off of
American dollars and it is important to
note that the CEO of Papa John Pizza is
actually pretty conservative and he's
been in out conservative for several
years now so I think while it's probably
true that the NFL is affecting his
bottom line there's probably another
motivation for him to speak out as well
and that's probably because he's against
these protests from a moral standpoint
as well yeah there's a report today that
Cowboys owner Jerry Jones was pressuring
him to do this or suggested that he do
this so there might be some political
machinations at work here like the NFL
Commissioner is really I think the main
person at fault because we've been
hearing for a while some rumblings that
there are liberal owners of teams there
are kind of a center people that are own
teams and then there's people on the
right that own teams and so not all the
team owners are okay with how Roger
Goodell has handled this situation yeah
he's just awful he's so terrible it is
condi rice commissioner remember when
condi like was there's buzz about condi
bean commissioners she can leave
Stanford for a little bit and go take
over Rogers job I'd be totally down with
that absolutely condi for commissioner
Kandace should we with these boycotts
should we be punishing the advertisers
of sjw virtue signalers should we as
conservatives do that or does that just
tediously politicize everything in
American culture right down to chain
pizza well what's happening here is
essentially just a domino effect you
know and yeah unfortunately it's going
to have to
all of this in order for them to realize
and think about what the core issue is
and I hate to say it but this is what
happens when the inmates are running the
prison system which by the way is just a
quote that everybody uses it's no shot
of NFL players but this is exactly they
are also criminals by the way they're
arrested on average once every 7 days
just a figure of speech in order for
them to realize what's going on and get
to the heart of the issue this is really
about something that makes Americans
feel disrespected people kneeling down
while the flag that they do overseas
okay it's just the most respectful thing
you could possibly do as an American
there should be a zero tolerance policy
for this throughout the NFL in any other
sport and I'm happy to see this
happening absolutely and and really
kudos on the domino effect line spot-on
well done okay we need to move on on
that point
excellent panel thank you all for being
here amber Athey from the Daily Caller
The Daily wires own Alicia Krause and
Candace Owens red pill black see you
ladies soon now we have to move on to
the mailbag so that we can change your
lives from tea oh dear Michael Knowles
king of trolls great job quoting Thomas
More last week props my question is is
there any way someone can have a
conversion moment just before they
commit suicide and go to heaven thanks T
oh yeah absolutely
of course that's true Antonin Scalia was
asked this question in a New York
magazine interview if you haven't read
this New York mag interview it's really
illuminating because the interviewer is
doesn't realize who she's talking to and
she's just comes off as so dumb and
unread and she's talking to the smartest
guy in American politics in American
government and she's shocked that he
believes in Hell and he said you know I
even believe in the devil and she goes
that must be awful scary and she says do
you realize how out of touch you are
with America many smarter people than
you or me have believed in the devil and
but he in that interview he says he
doesn't even know if Judas Iscariot is
in Hell it's perfectly plausible that
before newson
self judas iscariot had a conversion
moment and repented and and he could be
in heaven
i doubt it because jesus says that it
would be better for that man had he
never been born but who knows i don't
know you can't know who's in hell easily
yeah there's a good line from dr.
johnson which is that depend upon it sir
when you know that you're to be hanged
in a fortnight it concentrates the mind
wonderfully so hanging can concentrate
the mind and it might even be likely
that you get a clearer view of yourself
and eternity as you're about to hang
next question from garrett is it wrong
of me to use videos like your video on
Praeger you about the alt-right to
substitute a personal deep dive into
their ideology with limited time it
seems the videos like yours or ben's can
sum up the same facts in 30 minutes that
I could find reading an entire book
there's nothing wrong with that I do it
all the time with other people and
sometimes like the Praeger video I'll
produce videos myself that's why we have
those that's why we have people who
comment on politics or religion or
philosophy or whatever is because I
don't have time to delve into everything
to a deep degree that doesn't consume my
profession or my top three interests
let's say so I do it all the time with
with other things that I don't have time
to investigate obviously don't take my
word for it if you ever have any
evidence that I'm not giving a credible
account or that my account is either
uninformed or dishonest then go read the
books yourselves we haven't seen that
kind of blowback on on my Praeger you
video for instance so I think I think
it's pretty legit I'll stand by it I
think it's very credible and most people
do as well but obviously you have
limited time so you should we pursue the
academic and literary interests that are
most compelling to you next question
from Alexander can one still appreciate
a work of art if the artist is evil an
example is appreciating the movies and
shows the weinstein company produced of
course absolutely even I mean evil is a
big claim but but even that much and
certainly the art of very bad people can
be turned to great effect even the art
of people who have a terrible view of
the world who have an incorrect view of
the world can be good if they're good
enough
artists I think I got a lot of flack for
this movie review I did on mother the
Aronofsky film that came out a month or
so ago and because Aronofsky seems to be
kind of a Looney tune liberal big
environmentalist he doesn't he's given
interpretations of his own movie mother
that are not the interpretation that I
would give and nevertheless if artists
are good enough if they're talented
enough if they're faithful enough to
narrative and story then absolutely then
they're inevitably going to produce art
that's worthwhile and beautiful and
illuminate something it makes you see
something about the world despite
themselves despite their own best
efforts so a lot of times people will
knock on the right they'll knock Judd
Apatow movies because there's people
smoke a lot of pot but those movies are
great those movies show a basically
conservative view of the world because
he's a good artist I don't know whether
he's conservative or not
most likely in this town he isn't but
he's a good filmmaker and he follows
story very well and so if the story
shows a true view of the world then
you're going to get something out of it
that is that it's beautiful and artistic
and probably more in line with how the
right views the world then how
ideologues view it next question from
Eleanor hey Michael what are your
recommendations for young conservatives
to do read watch etc thanks they'll
watch the Michael Nolt show if you ask
me and they ought to listen to the
another Kingdom podcast which is Andrew
clavin's latest story which I perform as
a podcast we're releasing one a week
we're releasing another episode the
fourth episode tomorrow it's doing
really well it's got hundreds of reviews
over 400 reviews or 450 reviews all
almost all five-star except for like
Harvey Weinstein gave us a 2 or
something but it's been a lot of fun
it's about a 30-something Hollywood
nobody who walks through a portal into
another Kingdom and is accused of murder
he's got a bloody dagger in his hand and
a dead lady his feet I've really enjoyed
it so check that out that's on art I
always recommend the same books as sort
of introductory baseline political
philosophy books you should read Burke
Oakshott pain those kind of people that
said I would recommend a one book in
particular if young conservative wants
to
total survey view of the American
character that's a book called what so
proudly we hail'd the American soul in
story speech and song it's by leon kass
and his late wife Amy Kass and Diana
Schaub they were all professors of mine
at a think tank program in DC and that
really illuminating book of political
philosophy and literature and speeches
that that will give you I think a good
view of the American character you
should also watch old firing line
episodes they all used to be on Amazon
Prime I know they're all still at least
on YouTube that was Bill Buckley's
public affairs program nothing like it
exists today nothing can exist like it
in this media landscape but he would
bring on somebody either on the left or
on the right and have a very long
conversation with them about a
significant topic so check that out it's
a good historical artifact and you'll be
educated by it too and then constantly
discuss issues and your premises and
your first principles not to win debates
not to smash a liberal or anything like
that but because if you do that with
people on the Left you'll start to learn
what is true about your beliefs what is
not quite correct about your beliefs
where you should go and pursue your own
intellectual journey and academic
journey and we're very lucky as
conservatives in this culture because
while the entire culture is against us
we have to constantly defend what we
think and amend possibly what we think
and really hone it down to some reality
the left doesn't have that advantage
they are told that whatever they think
is right and the left dominates the
universities and dominates Hollywood and
dominates so much of our corporate
culture so they don't get that and you
have an opportunity so you should use it
next question from Jessica good
afternoon mr. Noles I watch your podcast
every day and truly appreciate what you
do thank you how would you define the
purpose of life it's just an easy
question for a Thursday afternoon thank
you the answer is 42 that is that's the
meaning of life some other meanings of
life my reaction is just to give glory
to God that's the that is basic as you
could say it
the Westminster Shorter Catechism I have
learned agrees with that
and they say man's chief end is to
glorify God and to enjoy him forever at
first Corinthians 10:31 says whether
therefore ye eat or drink or whatsoever
you do do all to the glory of God that's
simple and and related to that glory is
all related to that enjoying God forever
is aw holy fear it's not servile fear
it's not being a you know afraid that
the Lord is gonna squish you there
certainly could its aw at this
infinitely great thing maximally great
being before being the the creator of
the cosmos the divine logos and that aw
gets to I think Ecclesiastes 12:13 which
says the end of the matter all has been
heard here god fear meaning holy fear aw
being awe of God and keep his
Commandments for this is the whole duty
of man and the reason I recommend ought
to you as a complement to giving glory
to God is the world is just it's the
best it is when you are in awe when you
have a moment that Lewis would call the
numinous an experience of a glimmer of a
hint of a reflection of God then it it
illuminates the entire world
and puts your own life in perspective
and everything around you in in better
perspective
next question from Brian this is equally
profound by the way have you checked
your Clintonian privilege lately it is
true Hillary Clinton is my third cousin
once removed she's a member of the
family she goes to family reunions well
she I'm sorry she doesn't but her first
cousin to married into my grandfather's
mother's family they go to the reunions
and so I really like the idea of the
Clintonian privilege because it's
analogous to white privilege in that it
used to exist but it doesn't exist
anymore yes sir so there used to be
white privilege in this country
certainly was white privilege blacks
were excluded from institutions they
were excluded by the law they were
excluded by the the by the Society and
and they orange now those laws are over
the civil rights movement one civil
rights and there's no segregation
there's no
by law or statutory discrimination by
race except the other way there's
affirmative action which disadvantages
white people and Asian people and Jews
but there is no but that certainly you
certainly wouldn't call that white
privilege and the same way with the
Clintons the Clintons are over we saw we
saw the former DNC chair Donna Brazile
throwing her under the bus we see
Democrats constantly throwing them under
the bus
Chelsea Clinton won't even be able to
become president within four years so
it's been very I have checked it it has
been checked by society and I suppose
that's perfectly fine from father Greg
dear Michael I was interested in your
discussion with the panel on faith and
works your panels seem to articulate the
works are not in any way necessary
however then stated belief is necessary
is not accenting to Abel accenting a to
belief a a work insofar as it involves
the exercise of our intellect and will
in Christ father Greg an excellent point
father Greg thank you for watching and
for observing that the I'll just bring
up a couple verses that I think throw
into a light some of this faith versus
works pseudo debate that was happening
Jesus said to this from Matthew I
believe jesus said to them verily I tell
you very truly I tell you unless you eat
the flesh of the Son of Man and drink
his blood you have no life in you
whoever eats my flesh and drinks my
blood has eternal life and I will raise
them up at the last day for my flesh is
real food and my blood is real drink
whoever eats my flesh and drinks my
blood remains in me and I in them now
this it seems hard to understand this
verse without a sacramental view without
realizing that he's describing a
sacrament but even if you don't he is
describing you doing something he is
describing a work in a certain sense you
have to eat of the flesh of him to have
life in you you have to drink of his
blood to have life in you another point
on this is the Acts of the Apostles that
that book in the new
Testament is not called the ideas of the
Apostles or the abstractions of the
Apostles or the thoughts of the Apostles
so therefore even the faith of the
Apostles though it might be called that
it's called the Acts of the Apostles
because their their faith it motivate
has motivated their actions and their
and they were sent forth to preach the
gospel now
this there's a there's another gospel
line not everyone who says to me Lord
Lord will enter the kingdom of heaven
but only the one who does the will of my
father forget what the will of my father
means the even the verb does what he
does what you do is in action and this I
think gets to a problem in politics too
so I'll expand this beyond just
Christianity our age because our
politics in our country was born is in
so in such a great degree out of the
Enlightenment the temptation is to be
rationalist about it as Oakshott
describes rationalism and politics so
for the rationalist the Oakshott says
he's always standing he's standing for
something he's never doing anything he's
just stays standing and so for the
rationalist he's walking around Dutra
duder doing he stands and then
everything exists up here so all of his
virtues all of his ideas all of his
principles all of everything that
politics means to him is up here but
this is the ethereal realm this isn't on
earth in space and time where he is and
we are people who are in space and time
we can't abstract our ways out of that
even thought is an action it's a
neurochemical mechanism that transports
ideas and changes ideas so you cannot
escape your space and time to do so is
to deny a fundamental reality that you
are in and and so both in our
understanding of God and our
relationship with God and with the
incarnate God the incarnation of the
Divine logos as well as in our politics
you got to remember you're a person in
time and space and when you abstract too
much and you stand valiantly you're not
really doing that much next question
from Carlos hello Michael I am planning
to go to Cuba sometime in January with
my cousin and was wondering where you
stayed and spend most of your time while
you were there how long was your visit I
want to speak to the Cuban people I'm
interested in how they feel about their
God
and also how much damage does the
embargo against Cuba do I always hear
that the embargo is responsible for
disparities of the Cuban economy but
they can do trade with other nations
can't they sincerely Carlos yes they can
Carlos good observation the embargo it
does nothing I mean the embargo
obviously it pampers their economy but
for years the the Communist thug mafia
Castro regime has blamed this trade
embargo for all of their woes well that
that doesn't really work for all of the
other socialist communist countries
around the world who also have destroyed
their own countries which is what the
Castro's have done so I suppose it's
been an excuse for them but no one
really buys it I was able to see some
people in Cuba
obviously you got to be a little touchy
about this because they live in a
totalitarian regime where people can be
offed just for speaking ill of the
one-party so the Cuban the Cuban people
universally hate their government and
you don't see Che Guevara t-shirts down
there you see American flags I did not
see anyone wearing a che shirt that we
see white liberals in America wear all
the time
I saw them wearing American flags on the
jeans on their t-shirts on their cars
when they can have cars so I stayed
there I was just there for a long
weekend I'm glad I went in that little
window when it was legally feasible and
easy enough to go I just stayed for a
few days I stated in Airbnb because from
what I gather first of all it's a lot
cheaper the big hotels are awful and
they charge you $500 a night the Airbnb
is are beautiful and they cost you like
$30 a night but also apparently the
government extorts less of that money
than they do from the National Hotels so
I'd recommend doing that anyway you can
give money to the Cuban people or to the
Cuban black market rather than the
government is a good idea and and you
know I would I would try to talk to
people if you can there's not a lot of
English spoken down there so I don't
speak Spanish at all I can sort of
understand it because I have Italian and
some French but you you know if you
really want to speak to people you'll
have to speak Spanish and it'll take a
little while before they'll speak ill of
their government because the
totalitarian regime there is so brutal
and so awful that
there were real consequences of it so
you'll have to be a little patient with
that okay enjoy your trip I'm flying out
tonight for the Buckley program at Yale
it's the annual dinner there so if I
don't come back it's because the
shrieking harpies and snowflakes on
campus have ripped me limb from limb
also make sure you check out another
Kingdom that is the way to survive the
weekend it is the way to survive the
Clavin this weekend so go over there to
wherever good podcasts are downloaded
we're on iTunes stitcher Google Play
make sure you check that out and then I
will see you all on Monday
I am Michael Knowles's the Michael Nolt
show see you soon
the Michael Nolt show is produced by
marshal Benson executive producer Jeremy
boring senior producer Jonathan hey
supervising producer
Mathis Glover our technical producer is
austin stevens edited by alex is and
Garo audio is mixed by Mike Cora Mina
hair and makeup is by Jeshua alvera and
our associate producer is Bailey Lynn
the Michael Noel's show is a daily wire
for word publishing production copyright
for word publishing 2017
