Phil Robertson thanks so much for
joining ben shapiro show good to be here
being so phil let me just jump right in
and ask you what exactly the new show is
gonna be about i mean obviously i don't
think it's gonna be a remake of duck
dynasty so what do you what are you
gonna do during the show well I spoke to
the Nebraska delegation I met the
governor and they whispered in my ear
you have three minutes filled so I said
look Nebraska let's get together call us
summit and let's just do two things that
God said don't do let's come together
and for one year let's just try we don't
want to go whole hog wild and take all
the ten commandments just a couple of
them let's don't murder each other for a
year and let's not steal from one
another for a year we'd come back
together and sit we're better off I said
what about it Nebraska would we be
better off and that reply was absolutely
well someone took a shot of that with a
video camera with a cell phone which I
don't own by the way and they put it on
the Internet
10 million click down to hear me say
that so my oldest son said dad you need
to talk more well I think that you know
obviously this little this'll draw big
numbers cuz a lot of people love what
you have to say so let me start by
asking you about you know the difference
between doing a show outside of
Hollywood and doing a show inside of
Hollywood so I know that you guys had
some pretty rough experiences working
with the folks in Hollywood who were
interested in cutting Jesus out of out
of your show interested in cutting your
biblical worldview out of the show you
know what's the difference between being
able to sort of work in the conservative
media as opposed to working with the
folks out in Hollywood I told the guys
Zach and how my son I said if we do this
I said let's have it to where there's no
filters between myself and the public
that I'm speaking to none of these
people who say ok well only sponsoring
you if you say this they
that's how they are manipulating the
system will sponsor you as long as you
say something that agrees with our
ideology you stray one centimeter off of
that and you're out so when the guy
asked me you know was homosexual
behavior a sin I'm like I just quoted a
Bible verse first Corinthians 6:9 and 10
sponsors bailed out and it cost us about
10 million but we had plenty left so it
didn't bother me and that is the way
that it tends to go out here in
Hollywood I can speak it for to that
having worked in how I wouldn't mind my
parents both working in Hollywood and
all the rest of it but that's the swamp
on one side of the country the swamp on
the other side of the country is
obviously over there in DC before we
started the interview you were lamenting
what you were calling the sewer up in
Washington DC when you look at the the
utter chaos there the inability to get
anything done what do you think is the
driving force behind this you think it's
really just people who are who are
selfish ingredient don't want to get
anything done is it structural well what
do you think is the biggest problem in
in DC itself and how would you go about
draining that swamp biblically speaking
wants you throughout the Bible from
Genesis to Revelation throughout the
Bible it condemns idolatry putting
something up that's more important or
you more
allegiance more honor more worship
directed towards something other than
God do not make for yourselves an idol
in the form of anything in heaven on
earth I am the Lord once you elevate
government to where it supersedes God
and you begin to think the government
will feed us
the government will house us the
government will educate us the
government will provide our health care
once you do that you begin on a downward
spiral and you end up where all the
nations before of us the force
Oh watching well we are we are watching
in the United States you know a really
big a really big push toward an
atheistic left that's been happening
over the last several decades the levels
of religious observance has been going
down levels of church observance been
going down what do you think the
religious communities need to do in
order to revivify religious belief
because you look at the pews and they're
empty and then it seems like every
church or synagogue they're looking
instead of talking about the Bible it
looks like they're more interested in
sponsoring church bingo night with pizza
and a guitar player so what exactly do
the churches need to do in order to
actually fight back against the
encroachment of the secular left
what they did was it's been a slow 60
years in the last 60 years they have
pushed God into these structures that
have the steeple of them they push him
in there and they say keep him right
there we don't want him in the ten
commandments not what he said we won't
those out of the courthouses we don't
want a fifth grade girl thinking her God
for this sandwich she's fixed it to eat
in a schoolhouse
we don't want prayers among the football
players on the football field so we've
removed God and we pushed him out of our
culture and every way possible so we
push God out of the public domain and
we've got him pushed out of the way so
what we need to do is understand that
worship is not about going to church
worshipping and leaving worshiping God
is offering yourself your body as a
living sacrifice everywhere you are you
point people to the God of creation
everywhere you are work play 24/7 we
have to implement that we're gonna have
more the same so what can we do about
the culture of celebrity because you're
talking about various idols in the
country and obviously you and your
family become big big celebrities
through Hollywood and through your other
businesses we have a President of the
United States he's a big celebrity
celebrity has a ton of currency in our
culture is there a way to use celebrity
for good as opposed
celebrities sort of taking over for God
as it seems to havin so much for a
culture you got to remember the problem
is he got first John 5:19 John the
Apostle a Jew by the way he said we know
we are the children of God and the whole
world is under the control of the evil
one so if you look at it you say oh
that's a lot of humanity so it's
spiritual warfare within all of these
various factions and ideologies you got
Romans 1:28 therefore when they decided
to not think it worth while to retain
the knowledge of God God gave them over
to a depraved man to do what ought not
to be done and the list that follows
they become filled with every kind of
wickedness evil greed depravity they're
full of envy murder strife deceit malice
they're gossips slanderers God haters it
sounds like the internet insolent
arrogant boastful they invent ways of
doing evil you're like their senseless
faithless faithless no God heartless
ruthless those are the ones that are
running around and we'll tear the
university down if they see a guy like
ol Ben Shapiro gonna give him a few
words the wisdom they say we'll burn it
down and tear it down before we allow
him to speak you're like the evil one is
behind all of it the evil one the
shooter in Las Vegas what was his motive
why would he have done that the evil one
was a murderer from the beginning gone
all the way back to Cain and Abel the
first murder
you say Cain killed his brother just
because he was jealous the shooter
those people had never done
anything to him he didn't even know them
well why would he do it it's because the
evil one was the motive
he was the motive and the motivation so
we just start shooting it so Robertson
you know Phil Robertson he does have a
brand new show coming out on CR TV it's
gonna be a see our TV exclusive it
begins this Monday see our tv.com slash
ducks again see our tv.com slash Doc's
Papa Phil thanks so much for joining the
show really appreciate seeing you good
to see you Ben I love you appreciate it
yeah catch it be well
you
you
