it's my third cousin once-removed
Hillary Clinton's birthday I was unaware
that Hillary was begotten rather than
created as a friend of mine said he saw
her fall like lightning from heaven but
we'll celebrate the big day by counting
our blessings this year then Prager you
CEO Marissa stripe comes in studio to
discuss her conservative groups new
lawsuit against Google I love it
red pill black Candace Owens Amanda
presto Giacomo and Jacob Airy joined the
panel of deplorable x' to analyze Ashley
Judds new tone on sexual assault the JFK
papers and why scientists say the
universe shouldn't exist finally your
most pressing questions are answered in
the mailbag I'm Michael Knowles this is
the Michael Knowles show
we have a lot to get to today obviously
want to wish my cousin Hillary Clinton a
proper happy birthday but first we
really need to count our blessings
because we have sponsors we have people
who keep it real I know it doesn't feel
like it feels like the universe
shouldn't exist just just like this but
nevertheless they're very nice they help
us keep the lights on and it's a
fabulous product I am talking of course
about ring now you might have seen ring
before I I'm not a cool guy but some of
my friends are cool guys and all of my
cool guy friends have this doorbell that
has a video camera in it so you ring the
bell and then it's zapped right to your
phone so even if you're not in the house
you can be in the house and you see
who's at the door and talk to them and
whatever or you can be at your office or
you can be at the store or you can be on
sitting on the beach and it's it's a new
technology for the 21st century and what
their mission is is to make
neighborhoods safer so it's really like
a neighborhood watch for the 21st
century a home security system for the
21st century they have their this
classic technology the video doorbell
over a million people are using that
right now to help protect their homes
but ring also knows that home security
begins at the front door but it doesn't
end at the front door so they have the
Nuala that same level of security in
their ring floodlight cam so you know
you go up to someone's house you
probably know this especially the
Michael Nolt show audience when you're
trying to break into people's houses
that that cam goes our that rather that
light goes on and catches you because
it's motion it detects motion that's
what this does except there's a camera
in it it's immediately uploaded to the
cloud you can have a peace of mind and
know that your house and your family and
your possessions are safe because you
can see who's trying to break in you can
see and speak to visitors you can set
off an alarm right from your phone when
things go bump in the night you'll
immediately know what that is whether
you're home or away the floodlight cam
lets you keep an eye on your home from
anywhere so it is the ultimate in home
security protection it's it's you know
highly visible floodlights HD camera
it's all you know very high technology
and with ring you're always at home you
don't need to worry about it you don't
need to worry tell your neighbor hey
check on my house
for me hey make sure nothing goes wrong
you can see it just right on your phone
right now for our listeners and our
viewers ring is offering one up to 150
dollars off their ring security kit if
you go to ring.com slash knowles
that's K and O wles ring comm slash
Knowles go there right now you know they
did they did a study in LA they they
gave a bunch of ring technology to a
sort of seedy neighborhood within six
months there was a 55% reduction in home
burglaries at least go and check it out
right now I think you're gonna be
convinced ring.com slash anoles
save some money and keep your home and
your neighborhood safe okay now let's
get into my cousin hillary clinton's
birthday this is obviously a special day
i brought in just a little a little
something to celebrate it there we go we
didn't have a cake in the office so i
i'm using a newton bar let's just get
that little K happy birthday to you
happy birthday to you happy birthday
mrs. never ever ever ever ever ever
going to be president happy birthday to
you happy birthday Hillary let's just do
a little recap of this year for Hillary
Clinton
I hope my hair is still okay after my
Marilyn Monroe wave it looks good thank
you I knew it it's just been that kind
of year Hillary Clinton is not president
that's a pretty good thing the book she
wrote blaming Russian interference for
not being President sold about as many
physical copies as my completely blank
book making fun of her political party
released during her during her campaign
or slightly after now we have learned
that that Russian narrative is actually
the reverse it was the Democrats who
were colluding with foreigners including
with links to Russia to interfere in our
electoral process and conservatives have
never had a stronger voice in the media
or culture proving my point is my guest
in studio Marissa stripe the CEO of
Prager University
Marissa thanks for coming it is so great
to be here this story that Prager you is
suing YouTube suing Google it might be
my favorite story in the news and
there's a lot of competition here
are you suing Google so we're suing them
because what they're doing is obviously
wrong
and just for people I think everyone in
the conservative movement is aware of
this YouTube is banning your videos
right so we have about 250 videos 1/5 of
our portfolio that's 50 videos are being
either restricted or de monetized by
YouTube and Google they just which ones
nobody knows why well some of them it's
it's not like these are violent videos
these are pretty
these are five-minute explainer videos
on perfectly interesting topics and when
they restrict it you can't see them in
universities and in high schools right
right so that's how we found out that
the videos were restricted because some
of our college students started emailing
us saying hey did you take down that
video that I saw last night where are
they and we're like no we didn't take it
down so we started looking into it and
they we found out that they were on
restricted mode so is there any
explanation have they offered you any
explanation as to why their will they
allow these topics to be talked about on
the left they're all over YouTube they
allow crazy content all on YouTube but
sober videos explaining facts about
academic subjects that that's not a lot
I mean think about the crazy content
that's on YouTube that's exactly how I
produce a lot of it I know that ours is
and it's Alan Dershowitz has done a
video for us on Israel's legal founding
he called me a few weeks ago as we
started discussing this case because
he's involved in and I suing and he said
to me Marissa I mean what's going on
does YouTube think that I'm like super
attractive pornographic I'm like Alan
and don't you worry maybe Dennis Prager
yeah yeah Alan Dershowitz as many things
not pornographic or sensual ya know I
mean they clearly hover over our channel
because often times videos are
restricted within any within the hour
and they just you know press the button
and they decide that that video is
ideologically inappropriate and
therefore should be restricted are they
going to restrict my video you know the
it's pretty shocking that they haven't
restricted it yet you might not be as
attractive as Allender I'm really upset
Alan Dershowitz is much more essential
I did why did this video for Prager you
just came out today and I love that this
is all in the news now that you guys are
taking on Google is there some worry
because I've heard some conservatives
say well Google is a private company
it's a good they can do what they want
it's not a free speech issue why are
they wrong well first of all Google
defines itself as a public forum right
it its mission is to aggregate and make
the world's information useful
so it's not only that we're saying that
there are the biggest vehicle of
communications of today and possibly of
all times right there it's saying it as
well and they're claiming that that's
what they are so yes they're a private
company but so are shopping malls right
so what shopping malls are gonna say
well no conservatives can walk in here
no shop you know no shops owned by
conservatives obviously that's
discrimination
so private companies are also you know
they also have to abide by
discrimination laws and this is not just
some little lawsuit that's gonna make
the news and be thrown out you've got
some pretty heavy hitters who were
behind this thing yes
so governor Pete Wilson former governor
of California has come to us it was
actually his idea to just put the foot
on the gas and actually sue because
honestly little Prager you I mean we're
not that little anymore and we're
getting much bigger 20 the best forces
on we're talking about Google here its
Goliath right so governor Wilson was the
one who said listen you have to take it
on I mean it's forgotten country
somebody has to do it just make it
happen and he's been basically the the
force behind the legal team what are you
hoping to get out of it do you think is
this a just a stunt or is this winnable
I hope it's winnable because if it's not
winnable conservatives are gonna lose
the Internet as they have lost the
universities so this is a pretty big
deal I mean we see what's happening on
universities today can you imagine that
Google owns the Internet I mean the way
or that the Left owns the inner what
Internet the way the Left owns the
university that's a pretty big deal so
we intend on doing whatever we can to
win this because I've been thrilled at
for so long conservatives were kept out
of the culture kept out of cultural
institutions publishing in New York
Hollywood the entertainment industry and
then there's the intern
and then there's this Wild West and
conservatives are so much funnier on the
Internet
it's there is no comparison when I think
of the left on the internet I think of
that meme of Sandra Fluke and she just
let you know frowning it's like that's
not funny when I went then but
conservatives have a great time you get
the you know Steve Crowder you get all
of these great voices out there and same
thing with academic stuff so the
universities are completely hostile to
conservatives they fire professors who
are not completely left-wing Democrats
there are still Democrats but they're
not far enough left they're punishing
students they're censoring speech
they're kicking Shapiro off because he's
the scariest Jewish neo-nazi in the
country according to them at least we
have Prager University you can go you
can get these five-minute educational
videos you can actually learn something
is that why they're going after us there
is it because they see this is our this
is our chance to have a cultural impact
well we're obviously very effective you
know we're obviously very effective 16%
of our viewership said that they changed
the way they voted in the last election
that's a pretty big deal you know we
have over a million subscribers on
YouTube alone obviously Google was
paying attention to us so we're
obviously very effective and they're
trying to prevent us from reaching that
very young audience that we're trying to
reach so that's the battle here right I
mean they wouldn't be picking us on us
if we weren't successful and effective
of course which by the way there are
tons of copycats out there on YouTube
that download our videos and re-upload
them and I'll let you guess they are not
restricted because they're making money
off the prettier you videos that we make
because you know obviously YouTube is
not paying should be doing that Marshall
needs a side hustle because we don't pay
him anything here that is astounding
because we're talking about the exact
same content the content of the content
is downloaded by other channels and
uploaded and is monetized and not
restricted but on our channel so clearly
it's not an algorithm because some
people out there might be thinking well
rhythm or whatever no it's not only
clearly not an algorithm because of the
copycats but they have after we have
launched our petition and we had you
know close to three hundred and thousand
signatures on it
YouTube has started responding to us and
they said well we'll review your content
and in fact we have reviewed your
content and once reviewing your content
we decided that they should be
restricted so it's not an algorithm
community yes it's not community you
know flagging they have admitted that in
writing and that's when we decided to
sue because we're like wait wait a
second you know this is obviously
discrimination violation of contract
absolutely that now so you've got a
million subscribers on YouTube they know
who you are you're one of the biggest
channels on YouTube 250 videos do you
know how many views you have cuz I know
most of most of these videos get a
million views at least right so it
depends on the video we've had a video
that has gone so viral that it had 53
million views that was the the video in
the electoral college and we have some
videos that reach about two million
views the average viewership in total
between our website YouTube and and and
Facebook of course is about two to three
million viewers a day two to three
million viewers a day and the left just
can't abide that that is just too many
viewers too many people changing their
votes away from my cousin Hillary
Clinton way too conservative yeah
alright well we gotta she's dangerous we
got to get her out of here Marshall
Marissa thank you for being here I love
it I'll be I'll be eating popcorn yet
when I read every single news article
about this loss thanks Marissa thanks
all right we have to move on we have so
much in the news today so but you know
before we move on I will say well I did
this Prager you video today so let's
just play a quick little cut of that you
can see the whole thing on YouTube
what is the alt-right everybody has an
opinion about it but nobody seems to
know exactly what it is so I took it
upon myself to find out I took a deep
dive into ol trite culture
I read their books listen to their
podcasts watch their videos follow their
blogs and spoke personally to their
leaders here's what I learned first
they're really small like your high
school reunion small that big national
alt-right gathering in Charlottesville
in August 2017 yeah that attracted all
of about 600 people and that's on the
high end of estimates and that infamous
torch rally on the evening of August
11th there were maybe one hundred tiki
torch carriers but however small it is
the alt-right does have a belief system
a worldview it's right there in their
name the alt in alt-right means
alternative the alt-right is an
alternative to American conservatism so
it's no surprise then that the alt-right
has far more in common with the left
another alternative to conservatism than
it does with the traditional American
right now this goes on for a while if
you want to learn what the alt-right
actually is and we we delve into what it
is and also if you want to see me
compare the entire left to a handful of
neo-nazis for four minutes I suggest you
go check it out on YouTube really
amazing stuff that we'll see when that
gets demonetised and restricted by
YouTube of course that's when I get
fired right that's what that is exactly
when you get fired that's right now
let's bring on our panel because I want
to all the panel on to talk about the
news today we have a great panel from
the youtubes speaking of them we have
red pill black Candace Owens
we have Amanda presto Giacomo from The
Daily wire and we have Jacob Airy who we
found muttering to himself on the
sidewalk thank you all for being here in
the news is Ashley Judd she's she always
finds her way back into the news here is
Ashley Judd screaming about Donald Trump
and sexual assault I am a nasty woman
I'm not as nasty as a man who looks like
he bathes in cheeto dust and I didn't
know Devils could be resurrected but I
feel Hitler in these streets a mustache
traded for a toupee Nazis renamed the
cabinet electoral conversion therapy the
new gas chambers shaming the gay out of
America turning rainbows into suicide
notes I am NOT as nasty as racism fraud
conflict of interest
homophobia sexual assault wow she's so
fired up against my ass sexual assault
sheet you know now that Harvey Weinstein
has been accused by a gazillion women of
doing things much much worse than what
Donald Trump is accused of she must have
really just laid right into him right
what would you say to Harvey Weinstein
today what I would say to Harvey is I
love you and I understand that you are
sick and suffering and there is help for
a guy like you - I love you
i Shi what would you say to a guy like
Harvey Weinstein I love you oh my
goodness
red pill black why did Ashley have that
that incredible change of heart you know
what better way to celebrate Hillary
Clinton's birthday when they're with
another woman who completely slaughtered
feminism I mean nobody likes feminism
you're under a pussy hat saying that you
hate Donald Trump and then you
simultaneously are telling people that
you love Harvey Weinstein their apps
they've absolutely just lost their minds
it's it's amazing to watch by the way
she sounds like she's at a Baptist
Church when she's given that speech
earlier oh I know but no but then she
sounds really somber when she's talking
about the guy that she knows the guy in
show business there's this huge change
Amanda it's often said that feminists
let Democrats off the hook for this kind
of stuff because Democrats or
pro-abortion that's the only issue women
should care about their pro-abortion
will sweep Bill Clinton's section
harassment sexual assault under the rug
what why is abortion the big issue what
is that it like why do the Democrats
have this sacramental view of abortion
yeah I think it's because because
feminism cuz it has kind of morphed into
you know sameness so it's just like boy
like there can be no differences between
men and women so that those biological
differences where women are you know
they have children like that happens I
want to just negate any differences
possible and abortion kind of helps that
right look you don't have to have
children to stay in the workforce don't
be a stay-at-home mom there's all these
signals to kind of reject any femininity
reject anything reject biology even so
that's what abortion is so important to
them and they're willing to overlook you
know guys like Weinstein guys like
listen because they'll promote abortion
I mean Winston was the biggest feminist
in Hollywood and and and you know Ashley
Judd was was personally affected by him
apparently she said that you know in a
hotel room 20 years ago he came on to
her and then she basically said that she
would sleep with him after she went an
Oscar to get out of it you know and and
that's all well and good she didn't warn
any other girls nothing else happened
but you know someone says hi to her in
the airport and she goes on a you know
Facebook live rant and loses her darn
mind so she's her feminism is about as
real as Pam Anderson's for us it's just
it's do you also make the excellent
point that Harvey Weinstein's is the
biggest feminist in Hollywood right that
is what a feminist looks like this is
what a feminist looks like an overweight
disgusting sexual assailant Jacob when
you play those clips back to back is
that evidence does that suggest that
Ashley Judd was just performing with her
rant about Donald Trump and the sexual
assault or do they really not understand
this cognitive dissonance
do they really not realize that Harvey
Weinstein is a much more vicious sexual
assailant than anything Donald Trump's
been accused of I think that she was
doing in performance because she doesn't
like President Trump they did the same
thing to Bush calling him a war criminal
and says that he murders people and then
he wants to wipe out Muslims and they're
just doing the same exact
to trump and then it's like when it's
one of their own all of a sudden it
clicks in oh we should be compassionate
we should be merciful no this guy is an
alleged scumbag and he should be treated
as such I agree absolutely great we have
to move on from this we've talked so
much about Weinstein but I couldn't get
a miss one more shot at Ashley Judd in
the realm of science according to a
recent scientific study which is
apparently 350 times more precise than
previous studies of matter antimatter in
the origin of the universe according to
this study the universe comprises equal
parts matter and antimatter the trouble
there is that those two should
annihilate each other in general and in
particular to fuel the Starship
Enterprise so the universe shouldn't
exist Amanda why does the universe exist
right now there they're gonna be really
confused by this right because there's
going to be they need some explanation
for this it can't be some other higher
being it cannot be religion it cannot be
any sort of thing that they can't touch
or know about so it's causing a lot of
problems on on the left I think people
on the right are kind of like that makes
sense a lot of things we don't know the
answers to and that kind of fuels kind
of how we have this reverence to some
higher powers so I can't give you a
straight answer to that but I know that
people on the right are not very
confused by this and people on the left
are going to you know pour some money
into more scientific research because
they need the answer I guess that is the
point people on the right are not
confused when you bring yeah some crazy
coincidence that happened when you bring
that statement to a Christian you say
you won't believe it this happened and
then this happened and this fell out of
the sky and this happened most
Christians they'll just say yep yeah
that's at work that's right that's how
the world works
and but the brecht is scratching their
head one of the best arguments or most
compelling these days for God is that
argument from fine-tuning if you change
any little tiny measurement in the
physical laws of the universe
thing falls apart and they just say wow
what a what a crazy coincidence or
they'll say well this is evidence of a
multiverse anyway to explain away God
now Candace lefties claim the
Conservatives are science deniers they
worship at the altar of science and but
scientifically speaking we don't know
anything right I mean that's what this
shows us we know about very minut things
we know that very particular things in
the realm of medicine or engineering but
when it comes to gigantic questions we
know nothing
scientists are statistically wrong all
the time right right is rejecting it
what is rejecting the false religion of
scientism is that an important part of
getting read pilled is that an important
part of seeing the world more accurately
I think it's an important part of
getting up and out of bed in the morning
I wake up to another headline like what
is the obsession with how the world
started how the world is going to end
we're either dying or we don't know why
we're here I can't come and go yeah I
have no idea what's going on anymore at
the left they're always freaking out
about something personally I don't care
I know how this ends I know how the
story ends for me I'm gonna die soon
so what are you gonna heaven absolutely
that's good alright that's not a you
know you've become worm food for like a
minut period of time and then you get a
turtle Gloria that's not so bad the
world is a comedy if you ask me Jacob
some religious conservatives I'll admit
it I'll knock our fellow religious
conservative friends they reject science
per se even though they'll even reject
discoveries like the Big Bang which is
an argument for Christian creation it
was called the Big Bang by atheists
because they thought it was so
ridiculous it was discovered by a
Catholic priest should conservatives
resist the tendency toward being anti
science while embracing being anti
scientistic yes I agree with you there
the the problem is where do faith and
reason begin right and so I think that's
a long-serving of slash Christians they
go well science has let us down right
like you just said they rejected the big
Bang Theory they called it that to
market because they believed in a static
universe well then the Albert Einstein
admitted I see that there's a beginning
of the universe and I believe he was
agnostic but I I agree with you there I
think that we should not reject science
right else but just like a agnostic
approaches faith with some skepticism I
think we should do the same with science
because after all some science has put
their hope and that there's black holes
in the universe the news flash
black holes are purely theoretical not
there's not been a discovery of a single
black hole so I don't see how that could
be an explanation for how the Big Bang
occurred Jacob that isn't true obviously
because we found you in a black hole
told you from n1 now that that's right
this whole studio a black hole and that
distinction the skepticism it's insane
that you would even have to say that
that we should approach scientific
experiments skeptically skepticism is
supposed to in here in science that's
the point and yet now you hear people
say well there's a consensus as if
science is a democratic enterprises as
if 50% plus one of people vote for
something then it's scientifically true
and they'll say well the science is
settled there's a little news for
science doesn't get settled it's no and
there is no settling of science
yeah that's an important distinction I
need to talk about the JFK files we're
finally going to uncover the truth my
expert panel is going to explain what
really happened in Dallas about 54 years
ago but you can't see it unless you go
to daily wire.com so we thank everybody
who's already a subscriber you help us
keep the lights on you help us keep
coffee and cafe and our leftist ears
tumblers but if you haven't subscribed
already go over to Daley wired.com it's
ten bucks a month or $100 for an annual
membership you get me you get the Andrew
Klavan show you get the Ben Shapiro show
yeah leo yada yada yada yada you get
this folks you get the leftist tears
tumblr this by the way is the pinnacle
of scientific achievement this is why I
don't doubt science is because this was
crafted in a laboratory
it was prayerfully crafted to become the
hardest most troll ish material on the
face of the earth
obviously for Hillary Clinton's birthday
that is the vintage that we'll be
drinking today it's really really
special it's a 70 year old vintage and
it will never be president so be and
make sure also that you subscribe to us
on YouTube and like us on Facebook so
you keep getting updates and you get me
to harass you to go over and subscribe
on the daily wire go over there right
now and we'll be right back
all remaining documents pertaining to
the JFK assassination or apparently
going to be released momentarily meaning
that after almost 54 years Ted Cruz's
father will finally face justice that is
wonderful
now for those of us who think we know
what's gone on a communist killed an
anti-communist president because he
previously had met with communists in
Mexico we're probably going to be
surprised by all of the crazy stuff that
comes out canvas what wacky conspiracies
are going to come out of these JFK files
I'm gonna go with CNN will say Trump did
it definitely to blame of course the KKK
had something to do with it I don't know
I
you're watching MSNBC you're saying
that's it then I've got to look because
I was gonna look at the files but that
won't be any fun because they'll just
say that a communist killed an
anti-communist I got a look at CNN now
finally be able to get get to Donald
Trump involved in all this Jacob you are
our resident conspiracy theorist what
are the top theories the top theories
are it was a front what's his name was
just just a bagman he just just for them
to pick up and then for him to later die
the next one is definitely one of my
favorites is that he was brainwashed in
Russia some sort of Manchurian Candidate
thought that he was just some poor slob
you know it's always the actual shooter
he never really seems to take any blame
even though I pretty much believe in
Occam's razor here I think that he just
did it and that's the way it is my
favorite though is a documentary was
released a couple years ago that blamed
George HW Bush you know saying that his
oil ties are the reason JFK died it just
all these ridiculous nonsense that have
no basis in reality just a bunch of
rumors and hearsay and gossip and and
nothing that we can ever verify I heard
also that President Bush groped Jack
Ruby that's a that's just something
that's go
on around Twitter right now so we'll see
if the documents can confirm that that's
the real crime here folks
Amanda do you think that the left or the
right is more prone to conspiracy
theories they both do it they're tinfoil
hats on both sides but which which likes
them more the left or the right they're
susceptible sure I think that
conservatives and people on the right we
naturally have a distrust for government
so perhaps we can kind of generate these
things a little bit more but I think but
I also think people on the right a
little more educated so there may be
some things that there that people on
the left hear in the news and they'll
just kind of accept it as fact and it'll
be some crazy conspiracy that the media
have pushed it out there they'll just
believe that as fact whereas people on
the right you know they'll they'll
research things look into things because
they have ass inherent distrust of
government they can kind of go down this
path and believe things that aren't in
mainstream I really actually mean
they're totally conspiracies either all
time I'd I agree that the people on the
right we have more conspiracies we come
up with them because to have a
conspiracy theory you really just need
kind of an active mind so you're trying
to connect dots that don't really make
sense to connect but because people on
the right have more active minds in that
regard we reject them so they never go
mainstream but in the Democratic Party
they're totally mainstream how how often
did we hear Bush lied people died no war
for oil the Russian narrative that
Donald Trump is some Manchurian
Candidate we didn't hear that from
fringy people on radio at 3:00 in the
morning we heard that from the candidate
herself
we found that we are there for my cousin
and that's the point it's always like
these mainstream sound bites like I said
it's kind of like these these things
pushed in the media you know you hear it
once you see it on Facebook once this
little slogan it's not like they've
researched and did all this stuff to
have this crazy conspiracy no it's
something they hear something they see
they're so susceptible this fake news
that they'll take it and run with it and
yet it is mainstream because our
mainstream media helps plant those seeds
and help push those things so the mixed
total sense because our Alex Jones is
Alex Jones and they're Alex Jones is CNN
okay panel excellent to have you as
always thank you for being here
unfortunate have to get the mailbag
right now and solve everybody's most
pressing problems like you know what is
the universe for and all of that thank
you for being here red pill black
catcher on YouTube
Amanda presto Jacquemont Jacob berry see
you guys I now we have got to get to the
mailbag we have a lot of good mailbag
questions today so we'll try to run
through them this one is from Alex dear
Sir Michael of house Knowles the once
and future king of trolls my question to
you is related to the Catholic Church
I'm shocked
although bear in mind this is coming
from someone new to Christianity so I
may be often my assumptions however it
would seem that both the Orthodox and
Catholic branches of Christianity claim
to have supreme priesthood authority
stretching all the way back to Peter
assuming that only one of these churches
can have a true claim to being the
holder of the truth or 'ti the bark of
Peter why does the Catholic Church have
a legitimate claim in the Orthodox
Church have an illegitimate one so
you're talking about the the Eastern
Orthodox Church would also claimed some
succession back from the Apostolic age
and from Peter to be the church
instituted by Christ on earth
why aren't they the reason they're not
is the same reason that every other
Church that claims it's the true Church
isn't the true you know isn't the one
that you'll you'll hear a lot of people
say well my church was founded in 1972
but we're the real Church we the people
just didn't figure it out for nineteen
hundred and seventy-two years but now we
figured it out so now we're the we're
the one that Christ is talking about the
the church that he instituted on earth
and it just took us two millennia to
figure it out there were there I I have
a great respect by the way for the
Orthodox liturgy and much of its
theology the Orthodox Church as we know
it today was created in 1054 so that was
a little after Christ instituted the
church on earth because of the Great
Schism that that caused the break with
Rome the the issues at hand were largely
political the issue of the Pope exerting
too much authority without consulting
the bishops who were in the East and
there there is one theological issue
which is the Filioque
the notion that the Holy Spirit proceeds
from the father and the son
so for Christians who recite the Nicene
Creed you say that I believe in the Holy
Spirit which proceeds from the father
and the son whereas the Eastern Orthodox
Church says the Holy Spirit proceeds
only from the father the Holy Spirit as
defined by CS Lewis and mere
christianity and great many theologians
and this is my view as well that the
holy spirit is the bond of love between
the father and the son so the the
Filioque only the the Holy Spirit only
proceeding from the father is some a
theological concept that does aid a
schismatic church but it isn't true you
know it is a relatively recent invention
when we're talking about an institution
that's 2000 years old and and so anyway
that's why but I don't want to pick on
the Orthodox Church there are a
gazillion churches that occurred after
the schism and after the Protestant
revolution that claimed to be the one
true church and all the other ones are
completely wrong and there's only one
that's been around since Christ
instituted it so that's why I defer to
that one the bark of Peter man from Paul
this email is Michael since you recently
brought up the issues about Hitler in
the Catholic Church another Catholic
question I can't believe it I had a
couple questions one Adolf Hitler heaven
or hell and why and two are there really
any hard artifacts indicating that Adolf
Hitler was excommunicated from the
Catholic Church isn't it possible that
perhaps Hitler saw himself as a true
warrior for Christ and had no reason
from his church's leadership to believe
otherwise let's and by the way I'm only
joking about not wanting to answer the
Catholic questions I'm obviously quite
interested in it and I enjoy that other
people are interested in that as well so
this first question is a real
theological conundrum is Adolf Hitler in
heaven or hell now you would think that
if you're Hitler you go to hell but if
you are the guy who killed Hitler then
you go to heaven now now the difficulty
here is that the guy who killed Hitler
is Hitler so which one weighs out now
we'll have to dig into our theology be
cause we reject the Pelagian heresy we
reject Redemption through works alone
so for that reason I imagine I suspect
that Adolf Hitler is rotting in hell but
I don't know he could have had a
conversion right before that bullet went
through his head as for his relationship
to Christianity or the church he didn't
need to be excommunicated by the church
he excommunicated himself he didn't take
communion and he held Christianity and
and the Catholic Church and with great
disdain so according to Albert Speer
he said that Hitler often said that
Christianity was the wrong religion for
the German temperament according to
Speer Hitler said quote you see it's
been our misfortune to have the wrong
religion why didn't we have the religion
of the Japanese who regards sacrifice
for the fatherland is the highest good
the Mohammedan religion Islam too would
have been much more compatible to us
than Christianity why did it have to be
Christianity with its meekness and
flabbiness according to gurbles he said
Adolf Hitler hated Christianity quote
because it has crippled all that is
noble in humanity also from gurbles the
Fuhrer is a fierce opponent of all that
humbug humbug referring to Christianity
in the Catholic Church and he said quote
this is apparently quote from Hitler
science cannot live where it's always
striving according to the momentary
state of knowledge to deduce what is
true when it makes a mistake it does so
in good faith it's Christianity that's
the liar
it's in perpetual conflict with itself
he doesn't provide any reason to believe
that but that's what he says he says the
dogma of Christianity gets worn away
before the advances of science and no it
doesn't there's no there is no conflict
between faith and reason and most of the
great scientific discoveries have been
made not only by Christians but by the
clergyman of the Catholic Church itself
and my last bit of evidence for why
Hitler wasn't really a Catholic or a
Christian is that he wanted to kill the
Pope he tried to kill the Pope and he
said he'd make apologies for that later
good thing he didn't and we got to him
first
next question from Brian Michael what is
your beverage of choice a great question
you may have noticed some circles under
my eyes you might have you know the
enjoy smoking cigars it's because the
only things I ever drink are booze and
coffee and tea so I love scotch
like PD scotches I also like blended
scotches I drink Johnny black a lot I
also drink the official whiskey of old
Republicans which is doers white label
I'm not too good for that and I so I
drink scotch dark rum because it's good
with cigars tea and coffee and in terms
of cocktails I like Manhattan's new
grones boulevardier left-hand old
fashions Rob Roy's martinis basically
anything that's wet because the first
miracle that our Lord performed on earth
was to turn the water into wine
explicitly for drunk people for people
who had already been drunk during this
wedding celebration so you know why why
change a good thing what why get rid of
a good thing next question from Evan
dear leader of the anti PC underbelly
why is it the Catholics are always
questioned about their loyalty to the
USA and their religious beliefs I don't
know man I get questioned about it all
the time you see this with many
Catholics who have a life and pub the
public arena that they must choose one
not both Amy Barrett John Mulaney
Stephen Colbert and even the once and
future king JFK I know that as Catholics
we have difficult place in society that
our allegiance to the flag into the
papacy makes the rest of America uneasy
but you don't see other faiths being
made to choose between country and their
faith Evan I don't totally agree with
that
you are right that Catholics are often
looked at in America or at least used to
be as a little troublesome because there
is a church that we belong to and
ultimately our allegiances to Christ but
the Jews get this - Jews get this all
the time with Israel are you really an
American patriot or are you just a shill
for Israel all that bile that came out
in the last election - Ben Shapiro
intimated as much so we're not the only
one the Jews get it - probably because
the Jews are the chosen people and the
church is the is the church on earth the
words of st. Thomas More come to mind
the I am the Kings faithful servant but
I'm God's servant first so you know
that's what you have to deal with but
hey people said they'd hate you for
Christ's sake rather Christ said that
people would hate you for his
and and so you know if you get some
weird questions from people on the
internet that's not so bad
from George Michael how should I explain
what liberalism is promoted by the media
and the left is to my daughter who is an
8 year old in third grade in words and
ideas that children can understand you
know George you're in luck because that
is liberalism that is the left you can
tell her to turn on pod save America or
love it or leave it it will be in
exactly the right style of language and
academia for your eight-year-old to
understand she'll probably go through a
phase in school on that point there's
that old saying if you're not a liberal
when you're 17 you have no heart if
you're not a conservative when you're 30
you have no brain I even I went through
a little phase in high school when I was
a dirty rotten hippie for like five
minutes and I think that's just an
intellectual phase you go to because you
tear down society you have this
rebellious streak and you and you say
this is all phony baloney like you know
what's that awful novel but everyone has
to read Holden Caulfield you know like
Holden Caulfield and Catcher in the Rye
that's a good novel but that character
is so detestable and so you rip it down
you say everything's phone-in really I'm
a radical liberal because you're growing
it's just it's adolescence it's a stage
of your maturity and then some people
never get past that stage of adolescence
and we see them wearing pussy hats and
screaming and crying because their
preferred candidate didn't win an
election and some people do mature
beyond that and they become serious
people and they might be liberal and
Dave Rubens Ali's a serious person you
don't see him shrieking and crying
because Hillary Clinton lost the
election but very often you'll become a
conservative by the time you're 50 or
hopefully sooner in many people's case
but I you know I would I would encourage
you to let people go through those
phases because very often you need to
learn things for yourself especially
ideas especially political realities and
and so when you get to explore that
yourself
they say that converts and reverts to
the church are more Catholic than the
Pope the converts are the ones that are
most zealous because they've arrived
get it on their own so I'd let people
arrive at it on their own it's hard to
think of a guy who's more right-wing
than Andrew Clavin but he used to be a
lefty hard to think of a guy who's more
Christian than Andrew Clavin he used to
be an atheist so allowing that process
of intellectual and spiritual maturity
to occur is a good thing and then
hopefully hopefully your kid comes out
on the right side from Paul hey Michael
big fan of the show thanks I'm a
practicing Lutheran can you convince me
that I should be Catholic I bet with the
power of the Holy Spirit I could do that
I probably have time to fundamentally
change your views of theology you know
in the next minute or two but you know
an intellectual conversion is probably
not the most important thing here this
spiritual conversion is if you are
looking and you say I'm a Lutheran and I
want to figure out all of the arguments
to not be a Lutheran and then answer all
of those arguments I don't know that
you'll be converted if on the other hand
you say that Catholic Church is a little
interesting to me I wonder what that's
all about then the nice thing is that a
joke about the Catholic Church is they
have all the answers
since I've been around so long you can
say what am I going to have for
breakfast what should I eat on Tuesday
morning at 8:30 a.m. and you google it
and there's like a Catholic Answers tab
about it and they'll explain you should
have eggs and bacon that is true about a
lot of things if you are questioning
aspects of the Lutheran theology in the
Lutheran history and the Lutheran
disagreement with its founder Martin
Luther which which occurs in very
important places in particular
transubstantiation then you should
google it and look at the Catholic
Answers answers for it they might be
compelling to you and look at it with
the weight of history and the weight of
the the greatest theologians in history
contemplating these questions for two
millennia Hilaire Belloc said a man who
does not accept the Catholic faith
writes himself down as suburban I love
that expression because you're not
saying you're a terrible person or
you're completely wrong or you don't
know Jesus or you've never heard of
Jesus you're just saying you haven't
gone all the way you're you're stopping
yourself from following ideas to their
logical conclusions and spiritual
experiences to their logical conclusions
so I would just keep on going and follow
all of those things
to their logical conclusions and the
writers and that you can look for I love
for modern people I love father George W
rut ler you can read him all over the
internet and look at him on YouTube
Chesterton is is really good on this and
then the the church fathers who explain
away some of the heresies of Martin
Luther next question from Robert hi need
help from the Don Juan of The Daily wire
I'm glad I wore my Miami Vice jacket
today or a little more you know for the
ladies I am a big fan thank you I'm also
Catholic what are your thoughts on going
on
two first dates just days apart from
each other why would you wait so long
I've never been good with the ladies and
now all of a sudden these two girls are
interested in me and want to go out what
the heck man in my gut that was him by
the way not me in my gut this does not
feel right and my right to feel this way
or is this just some weird Catholic
guilt what should I do
you've got a really hard problem you got
two cute girls won't go out on dates
with you my heart bleeds pal I I do
understand the question I may have done
this a little bit and they in the old
days before sweet little ELISA everyone
dates and plays the field especially now
there is a tinder culture where you can
just swipe anywhere you are and you get
like a thousand women to throw
themselves at you
it's at least what I imagine it's like
there's nothing wrong with playing the
field you're a single guy you haven't
made any vows before God and you know if
you if you say I'm I went on a first
date with a girl and so I can't talk to
any other women until six months from
now well you don't have a hard dating
life you're gonna be like a hundred and
fifty before you find your wife probably
that said there is a little risk here
and it's that tinder culture I've always
lived in big cities I lived in New York
and Los Angeles in my adult life and
obviously I was on a college campus and
those places you just churn through
dating partners especially now with
tinder I'm very happy I missed that
phase of Technology because all of my
friends in New York and LA they say why
would I go on a third date with a girl
when I have every single girl in the
world one swipe away you there is a use
viewing them as people and you just kind
of see another chick that you can take
out and you know see where where it
leads from there and as a result it's
hard to have good relationships and it's
hard to get married all of those friends
who do that or pushing off getting
married with a few exceptions that said
you're talking about two dates you're
not talking about three dates in a day
I'm talking about 20 dates in a week so
with that I think it's just your
Catholic guilt getting to you
be honest be a good guy don't you know
try not to be a total degenerate because
I appreciate the comparison to Don Juan
but if you've ever read the diaries of
like Giacomo Casanova
it's dating and hanging out with a
thousand chicks is really fun for a
while until you get sex Austin and then
it becomes kind of pathetic and you you
know you are in a serious person
Casanova died in despair his life was
basically ruined and so you know be
careful with it go on now go on your
dates see some people but don't don't
just treat women like another swipe
because not for them by the way just for
you because it's going to make you
deeply on a paean and ruin your
relationships okay I hope that helps one
thing I should point out Joe Girardi is
that as the Yankees manager um we're
gonna miss Joe Girardi very much he got
he was one game away from getting us to
the World Series again he is the last
Yankee who's still on the field that was
around when I became a Yankee fan as a
kid during those great seasons and 90s
so adios Joe I wish you weren't leaving
we really liked having his manager one
other way to survive the weekend the
clayvin last weekend is to listen to
another Kingdom
I found out we're now believe it or not
my podcast with Andrew Clavin which is
his latest story about a 30 year old
schlub in Hollywood who walks through a
gate and becomes a murder suspect in a
mythical kingdom with ogres and dead
damsels and all that it's number 11 in
arts on all of iTunes I don't know how
that happened I am shocked I thought
conservatives were Philistines with the
culture but check it out if you can't go
subscribe and leave a review it really
helps us out we want to just as
Hollywood lays in rubble we want to take
it over basically and have real art that
isn't politically correct and and isn't
full of scummy people like everyone else
that runs Hollywood and Harvey Weinstein
so check it out it's another Kingdom
you'll survive
the Clavin last weekend and then we'll
be back on Monday so good luck everybody
I'm Michael Knowles this is the Michael
Nolt show see you soon
the Michael Knoll show is produced by
Marshall Benson executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey supervising producer Mathis Glover
our technical producer is Austin Stevens
audio is mixed by Mike Gore Amina hair
and makeup is by Jessa alvera and our
associate producer is Bailey Lynn the
Michael Noel's show is a daily wire for
word publishing production copyright for
word publishing 2017
