Bill O'Reilly says he's angry with God
about a report in the New York Times
that he paid Fox News commentator list
while 32 million dollars to keep her
mouth shut about sexual harassment God
responded that he's kind of ticked off
with Bill O'Reilly and maybe I'll II
ought to watch what he says because the
guy is 68 years old and nobody lives
forever just saying
O'Reilly then took a swing at God and
the two ended up rolling around on the
barroom floor until O'Reilly discovered
he wasn't fighting God at all but just
some guy
O'Reilly then went home after offering
the guy thirty two million dollars to
keep his mouth shut will be discussed
and whether his sex scandal is different
than the Hollywood scandal and maybe
we'll have time to take a look at this
Russian investigation that is blowing up
in the face of Democrats here's a
montage of the mainstream media covering
that story crickets and also ricochets
Rob Long who is the executive producer
of Kevin can wait when you talk
Hollywood you know the first name that
comes up is Harvey Weinstein and then
Rob Lowe he's come on to discuss showbiz
and his new book Bigley the poetry
Donald Trump Donald Trump and verse make
poetry great again and yes he is out of
his mind trigger warning I'm Andrew
Klavan and this is the Andrew Clavin
show
we also sing see top see more disappear
easing it's a wonder
all right the mailbag is tomorrow yes
you must be a subscriber to ask a
question in the mailbag come to the
daily what here's have to explain how to
do this you go to the daily wire you
have to be a subscriber cost a lousy 10
bucks a month and we will answer any
question
politics personal questions religion we
will the answers are guaranteed a
hundred percent correct and will change
your life on occasion for the better but
you have to subscribe and then you go on
and you click the podcast button right
and you get to the podcast place and it
says send any requests your mail bag
something mail bag you press the mail
bag you can you can figure that out if
you can't figure that we may not be able
to save you anyway oh but try it send
your questions in we will answer them
tomorrow what else do I need to say that
also if you want to subscribe just to
the YouTube channel that also works but
you don't get to here watch the whole
thing you only get to watch half of it
and then you can listen to the rest but
you can subscribe to the youtube channel
too and that's free and you should get
stamps calm that's the other thing you
should do while you're doing stuff you
know just make a list make a list while
you're doing something you should make
get stamps calm so you don't have to
stop in the middle of your day get in
your car drive to the post office wait
online hope they have what you want them
to have do all that stuff it's the old
world man that's 19th century this is
what I don't know it's like must be past
the 19th century by now now you want all
this stuff in your computer and stamps
calm brings all the services of the US
Postal Service right to your fingertips
you can buy and print official US
postage for any letter any package any
class of mail using your own computer
and printer stamps.com makes it easy
they'll send you a digital scale which
automatically calculates the exact
postage and stamps.com won't even help
you decide the best class of mail based
on your needs there's no need to lease
an expensive postage meter I use it
because I just don't have time to go to
the post office and wait online and
right now you can enjoy the stamps comm
service with a special offer that
includes a four week trial plus postage
and
digital scale without long-term
commitments here's how you do it you go
to stamps comm you click on the
microphone at the top of the homepage
and type in clayvin hey I'm glad you
asked me that question sort of I'm not
as glad as I used to be but I'm still
sort of good as KLA VA n go to stamps
comm and enter Clavin you will get a
four week trial plus postage and a
digital scale without long term
commitments stamps.com slash enter
Clavin you'll never have to go to the
post office again
so the New York Times has run this story
say can we turn the screen off it's kind
of distracting occasion yeah the New
York Times has run this story saying
that Bill O'Reilly paid out thirty two
million bucks to keep lease real one of
the I think she was a legal analyst at
Fox very attractive lady
and to keep have her be quiet about
sexual harassment and and possible they
use the phrase non-consensual sexual
conduct or something like this I mean
it's very which I exactly I was thinking
you do you need more than four letters
to spell that and you know I've been
thinking about this because I've been
hammering licensing we've all been
hammering Weinstein we're all just
assumed Weinstein is guilty
O'Reilly is putting up a defense
O'Reilly has said repeatedly repeatedly
repeatedly he hasn't done anything wrong
and that he's got information but he
can't bring it out and all this stuff
and he just pays this money to make this
go away because it's destructive to his
family here is L Reilly talked to Glenn
back this is cut number six basically
saying why he doesn't entirely can't
entirely defend himself number one I
want the story to go away because it's
brutalizing my family and number two I'm
not going to run and hide because I
didn't do anything wrong and I think
that the evidence that we put forth is
very strong very compelling that the New
York Times wants to take me out of the
marketplace this is the second time
they've attacked me and the article on
Sunday regurgitate it the first article
I was like
75% of it they had to run it twice in
case you didn't get it last April and
they know that I'm going to disadvantage
because I can't comment specifically on
any case that has been resolved that's
one of the one of the stipulation legal
legal compelling things that when you
resolve something it is always done in a
nobody says anything and you know who
knows that best the New York Times so
David French has a piece at the corner
where he says it's time for Bill
O'Reilly to be Weinstein in other words
the Conservatives just stop running
cover for him or staying out of it and
we should do you know treat him the same
way that we treat Harvey Weinstein and
look my first my first reaction when I
hear that you paid somebody thirty two
million dollars to keep his mouth shut
as my first reaction is to compare that
to how much money I've paid people to
keep their mouth shut which is none and
because nobody has to say who's trying
to say anything about me because I don't
sexually harass people and I it with the
exception of Austin I try to keep yeah I
try to do I try to treat people with
respect but nobody would in no court on
earth would would convict me for
disrespecting Austin but there was one
thing that keeps me from just unleashing
on the guy and and that's Glenn Beck and
actually this is something I want to
talk about this actually it's a little
personal but the yeren you know when I
when I started doing this nothing could
have been stranger or more alien to my
personal makeup then coming in sitting
in front of a camera and being on a
microphone and talking without
preparation I have lived my life as a
writer and as a writer I am an
incredibly careful writer anybody will
tell you you know I rewrite everything
again and again and again until I get it
right and sometimes when I'm sending it
out to the publisher for the last time
I'm still correcting it Michael Knowles
and I are doing this another Kingdom
which I hope you'll subscribe to on
YouTube and as Knowles is performing it
I'm rewriting some of the texts
I eventually I suppose all published it
is a novel as well you know and so I'm
rewriting in all this something idea
that I would come on and just talk off
the top of my head and the stuff I said
would then be captured on tape and
anybody could listen to it you know you
could you could basically hold it
against me if I made a mistake there are
only two things so far that I really
regret and and one of them is when James
Comey first came into the news I gave
him the benefit of the doubt I would not
do that today that was a big big mistake
I mean James Comey I now think is a very
sinister figure and I will talk about
that if I have time today but the other
are a couple of jokes I made about Glenn
Beck and and Beck has never said a word
about this to me and I don't want
anything from Glenn Beck this I'm just
saying this out of my own personal
feelings you know it's easy for me to
make jokes about Glenn Beck because
Glenn and Glenn has a natural person I
worked fer Glenn for about six months
and I really like the guy I like the guy
a lot and he he has a natural
personality where any event that happens
he can sort of connect the dots to the
worst possible outcome I mean that's
part of his charm and part of his show
and I have the opposite personality
which is that anything that happens I
can connect the dots it's gonna be fun
it's just a personality thing I would
tease Glenn to his face when I worked
with him I would tease him on his own
air and he never objected to it and all
this stuff but I felt when I first came
on I said I made jokes about it without
realizing the power of the microphone
without even realizing it was actually
talking to actual human beings I just
really regret it because Glenn is a five
star character in my book I mean I
worked with him I worked around him I
worked with the people who worked with
them and a lot of people in this
business are you know a lot of the women
in this business were very attractive
women they loved Glenn they spoke about
Glenn the way I would hope people who
worked for me would speak about me as a
as a mentor and a friend and a supporter
and not one of them ever said oh and
don't go in a room alone with Glenn
there was nothing like that ever ever so
the fact that Glenn Beck's oh I just
want to say that Glenn if you ever hear
this I'm sorry I didn't know what I was
doing it's just the way you know you
have to yeah we all have to learn we all
have to learn I go on our
on our learning curve but anyway that
the fact that Glenn Beck is standing up
for O'Reilly is the only thing that
gives O'Reilly any credibility at all in
my book because you know listen III feel
a hundred percent certain that if has
done anything bad
Glenn Beck has never seen it and as a
good and loyal friend he would stand up
for his loyal friend having no proof of
it that so it's you know Glenn is not
this positive proof that O'Reilly is
innocent but it's the only thing that
gives me hesitation because if you've
paid as the New York Times says up to
forty five million dollars in hush money
to people and and O'Reilly has not
denied this he just basically is saying
well I'm a big target and a half to make
things go away now he says he says that
Media Matters targeted him that happened
to Glenn by the way Media Matters what
Media Matters does it's a Soros
corporation what's the guy's name a
Brock David Brock who is this left-wing
hitman basically you know not not
obviously not a literal hitman but David
Brock runs Media Matters and what he
does is he assigned somebody look if you
want if he feels that you're getting in
the way of his guys Clinton or Obama he
hires people to listen to every single
word you say and then when they catch
you saying something and we all say
untoward things we're making jokes were
met you know we're talking off the top
of our heads everybody says stuff
remember who was that they got they got
him so fast Don Imus he made a joke
about a girls basketball team and he
said something oh they're nappy-headed
hos you know and that was Don Imus ie
I'm a simply saying stuff like that
forever
is that an offensive thing to say yeah
you know it's it's transgressive humor
it's outs out there it's all this stuff
but what they do then is they build it
up and they get some commentators to
commentate on they get some op ed people
to write about it and you know even a
person who might like Don Imus says yeah
that was kind of going over the top and
then I'm us comes out and apologizes and
when he apologizes they've got him cuz
then they start to say oh you're guilty
you're guilty or guilty and they chase
him down and they did that to back you
know ever like I said everybody says
things that they wish they hadn't said
but they just listen to you and listen
to you and listen to you and then they
organize sponsor boycotts and so that's
what a riley is saying happened to him
but but this forty five million bucks
you know
what what are you paying people to be
quiet about for that kind of money that
does not make any sense to me what so
ever and the thing about these
non-disclosure agreements you know this
is a big thing that's coming out now
with the Harvey Weinstein thing people
sign non-disclosure agreements I don't
even remember if I sign one here but
most of us sign them because you know
you don't want to you know what somebody
let's say let's say I get in a fight
with Jeremy the god-king of The Daily
wire and he says get out and now I'm
bitter and I say oh boy every day I
worked there was hell you know everybody
was dis I suddenly I just I'm you know
I'm taking an out revenge you know they
don't want you doing that and and well
they shouldn't because people get angry
but another disclosure agreement that
keeps you from reporting a rape I mean
first of all you shouldn't really sign
that you know cuz like I'm the guy who
did that the guy who did that to you I
mean if you're taking even thirty two
million dollars look I guess we can all
be bought and thirty two million dollars
an awful lot of money but if somebody
actually like assaulted you he's gonna
do that again you know I mean you're
taking thirty two million dollars to be
quiet well somebody else down the road
does this and now I mean look this is
all coming Unleashed in Hollywood I
don't know if you're following this but
oh there's this minor director James
Toback do you know James Toback is I
need he directed one film yeah one film
back in the 90s was his big film but
he's kind of this yeah he's like this
you know kind of unattractive big
overweight guy and he would go out in
the park and tell people he was a
director and get them to come back to
his hotel room and all this stuff and
the other one the big guy is David
O'Russell he's the guy he's a really
good director
he made silver linings playbook and all
this and and he's but but this is the
thing you know this stuff is coming out
now but it's been coming out all along I
mean David O'Russell Amy Adams after she
made American hustle with him came out
and said oh it was terrible he berated
me he made me feel bad and Jennifer
Lawrence was in that movie too and she
was tough and she would stand up to him
do it this story about three kings which
is an excellent film David O Russell's
because his first movie and that had
George Clooney the story is that George
Clooney he got him to an actual
fistfight because he was he was so
appeal of Clooney
he was so abusing the the lesser
directors on the set that Clooney the
star said hey if you're gonna abuse
somebody abuse me if they ended up
rolling up than the dirt punching each
other so this stuff is everywhere and I
mean you know it's going on they had a
report that's going on in Sacramento the
state capital of California that the
government people there are harassing
women there was a report recently
Washington DC that the STDs are rampant
in Washington DC so you're know stuff is
going on there and we know what into
what happens with interns and stuff like
that so it's it really is happening all
over and I think as conservatives we
obviously have to say look there's a
special there's a special pleasure
obviously that the left gets for
instance if a anti-gay pastor is found
in a homosexual liaison the left will
cover that endlessly and it gives them a
special Glee and I admit I am NOT above
this when I see Harvey Weinstein this
major major Democrat donor this guy was
covered up that everybody covered up for
you know and it's just had all the most
powerful friends basically paying off
you know people are kept silent by the
fact that he's giving him money
I feel the same kind of thing a special
kind of Glee this but I would I think
Bill O'Reilly owes it to the people who
have listened to him moralize because
that's what Riley is well Riley's not
necessarily conservative he's a populist
and he's a moralizer
and he wagged his finger at us for 20
years on the ton TV and he said this is
what's right and this is what's wrong
and I think he owes us better than I
paid people off to keep them quiet to
protect my poor little children and
Media Matters and stuff like that I
think we should know I think he should
release them from their agreements I
think he should let lease wheels talk
you know megyn kelly is complaining
O'Reilly said that no one has complained
about him and megyn kelly went on her
show I don't she is kind of doing it in
private cuz nobody's watching her show
but she went on her show it said that's
not true I know it's not true because I
complained and she read part of an email
that she had written to Fox News here's
that I wrote an email to the
co-presidents of Fox News bill shine and
Jack
Hathi an email I have never made public
but I'm sharing now because I think it
speaks volumes about powerful men and
the roadblocks one can face in taking
them on I wrote in part perhaps he
didn't realize the kind of message his
criticism sends to young women across
this country about how men continue to
view the issue of speaking out about
sexual harassment perhaps he didn't
realize that his exact attitude of
shaming women into shutting the hell up
about harassment on grounds that it will
disgrace the company is in part how Fox
News got into the decade-long ailes mess
to begin with perhaps it's his own
history of harassment of women which has
as you both know resulted in payouts to
more than one woman including recently
that blinded him to the folly of saying
anything other than I am just so sorry
for the women of this company who never
should have had to go through that so
the other thing about this is of course
it always comes down to the women and
this sexuality you know I always say
sexual abuse is a crime for which every
man has a motive you know we all want
what women have and like so if you have
power there's a great motive to abuse
that power with women but the thing
about these guys a lot of these guys
they mistreated everybody and Harvey
Weinstein really you know Matt Damon was
on and Matt Damon was saying well let's
listen I I have that a cut of Matt Damon
who whose career was made by Harvey
Weinstein and so he's a young actor he's
coming up you know he gets his big break
with Good Will Hunting a Weinstein
Company and he talks about what he knew
and what he didn't know he had to spend
about five minutes with him to know that
he was a bully he was intimidating that
was his that was his legend that was his
whole kind of MO like you you know could
you survive a meeting with Harvey could
you survive could you stand up for
yourself with Harvey and the people who
worked for him were like you know that
I'm coming here to make good movies
Miramax was the place really the place
that was making great stuff in the 90s
so when people say like everybody knew
like yeah I knew I knew he was you know
I mean everybody was proud of that you
know what I mean he that's how he
carried himself and I knew he was a
womanizer you know I wouldn't want to be
married to the guy but like I'm not you
know
it's not my business really but this
level of criminal sexual predation is
not something that I ever thought would
what's going on absolutely not I knew
the story about Gwyneth from bent
because he was with her after Brad and
so I knew that story no you know so you
knew enough I mean the point is I'm not
blaming Matt Damon I'm not blaming I
don't think you should blame all the
people around these things you know if
you weren't there if you didn't witness
it if you didn't see it you did not have
the power to bring the guy down and
there's no point in just spreading that
you know pointing around that people you
dislike because of their politics or
whatever but the point the point I
wanted to make is is that the culture
that makes that allows powerful people
to behave badly toward other people is
kind of the problem because women are
obviously going to be the natural target
of powerful men but basically everybody
is the power of power is the target of
powerful men and when you hear me as I
often do attacking Donald Trump for his
manners for his blame even though I keep
saying I love some of the stuff that the
guy is doing and I kind of love the fact
that he's breaking the you know he's
breaking the dishes in the Washington
kitchen and all this stuff this is the
stuff that we as conservatives should be
speaking about because this is not a way
you know it's not the way we want people
to be treated it's not it ain't right it
ain't right and we should stand up
against it whether it's Bill O'Reilly or
Harvey Weinstein speaking of of abusive
Hollywood characters Rob long is about
to join us but but first we have to say
goodbye I'm joking but I have to say
goodbye to Facebook and YouTube you can
come over to the Daily wire and watch
the rest of the show you can actually
subscribe to YouTube and listen to the
rest of the show but if you want to
watch the show the whole show from
beginning to end
you got to subscribe at the daily
wire.com it's a lousy ten bucks a month
for a lousy hundred bucks you get a year
subscription and the leftist tears
tumblr which keeps your leftist tears
cold or warm or however you like to
drink them come on over to the Daily
wire calm
so speaking of Harvey Weinstein we move
right from one abusive they were jumping
like rats off a ship anyway it was first
I have to say not only are you the
creator of ricochet one of the best
moderate right-wing sites where another
Kingdom is now a plane you are also now
I can't believe this I can't believe you
have an actual job you are the executive
producer of Kevin can win the Kevin
James is a hit comedy show and we'll
talk about that this morning we did
really well are we we were on last night
we grew something at 10% or we're
supposed to be and Wow next Monday we
moved to 8 p.m. does this mean all right
this doesn't mean I have to be nice to
you now does it
no no because let's be honest what do
you have 10 viewers I had a lot of
viewers before you came on you're also
the author Donald Trump inverse and
we'll talk about that but let's sit
before we talk about that first we have
to talk about well you know what since I
was talking about Harvey Weinstein let's
let we got it go into this I mean you
are a Hollywood guy you have been around
here certainly you've been around here
longer than I have you were the chief
writer on Cheers
yeah one of them they had one of the
head writers on Cheers this is this is
basically when people complain this is
what Hollywood is like that's kind of a
fair complaint is it I don't know if
it's a fair complaint I mean I don't
know whether why they get separated to
do things there's one which is that the
idea that you that you can game the
system somehow if you're the Harvey
Weinstein you know you're you know four
foot tall 300-pound man and if you're if
you're putting people into movies I mean
you you get to you you don't get to but
there's a tendency to push people around
and there's a tendency to use the
casting couch right that's why we call
it the casting couch it's not new
everyone acting like oh they're so
shocked by this it's really suspect I am
not blaming the victim you know yeah
there is cases of assault that should be
investigated each other the book at the
guy but if you're in it and notice that
all the women are attracted right yeah
an attractive young actress and you
wanted to part in a movie and you
thought by being nice to Harvey
Weinstein you'd get that part
that doesn't make you suspect that makes
you smart that's actually you know
attractive people get to go on TV
on-screen right that's you'll watch CNN
they don't put unattractive people on
there can't they took candy crowley show
off the air right so like that's what it
is right that's that's what we want to
watch on screen so if you you feel like
you could be nice to him and maybe flirt
with him a little bit and make the four
foot tall 300-pound man I feel like he's
attractive just short of doing anything
that would compromise your deeper moral
beliefs or but or you're a person right
and then Harvey Weinstein said no no my
boundaries are different from yours my
batteries are fart it isn't as if he
what he did was way out of left field
crazy behavior I mean I I'm gonna get in
big trouble for saying this it's but he
pushed it too far because any attractive
actress who was up in his hotel room and
she didn't expect to get groped and she
didn't deserve to be be groped and she
didn't expected to get raped and she
does so to be raped that's assault and
there's no excuse for that but she was
flirting mm-hmm wait this is person
ghosts you know and I mean in this
specific instance because we're talking
about legal you know criminal behavior
or even like beyond the pale babe she
did attracted people in Hollywood use
their attractiveness that's what they're
so good places that's right now yeah so
there's no question
I'm not I just I think that we would all
be better and we probably actually had
more progress in this area if we were
more honest yeah today what happens and
when these things explode is people
decide they're gonna be outraged by all
behavior and what that really ends up
being is you're outraged by no behavior
you know and we have the sort of general
bloodletting and we fire two or three
executives and and then because we went
so crazy we don't pay attention to the
signs
when they are in front of us you know it
is I know you're not blaming the victim
and it is true I mean women when women
come unto a dot audition for parts or be
interviewed they wear low-cut dresses
they lean forward they touch her knee
there's just no question about this I
mean at Fox News I I once told Greg
Gutfeld that the Fox News was like a
bizarro High School where the smart ugly
guys get the pretty girls you know
instead of real high school where they
good looking at yeah that's true it's
true and and I have been on fox news
programs where I literally could not
look down because I was afraid I would
be looking down the front of girls dress
that was cut so low that you know we're
so high yeah Fox News look great because
they had that show outnumbered yeah
which has you know for attractive women
so somehow Fox News is the only show
that they only network where they can
have all women on a show and it's still
vaguely sexist but we have to bring up
the fact that on Kevin can wait you we
talking about guys who have abused women
but you actually killed a woman I mean
you actually murdered you had this poor
girl Erin Hayes was Kevin James's wife
right and one day one day Leah Remini
from his old show comes on and the
audience liked her so you just killed
off this woman I mean is that that's
fair right well first of all we didn't
kill off this is a character you're
saying she's still around just a great
after she's a lot of fun and she's very
very talented okay um this is a business
right and it's a business that's very
expensive so it's a hundreds of millions
of dollars at stake and you want to give
the audience the chemistry that gets
them to come back every week and we
didn't have that and sometimes you don't
know you didn't have it and you have to
make a decisive decision you have to
make a decision that you're going to go
for some great chemistry Leah was
available she and Kevin get along they
had a long history on TV and we felt
like this was a way to recapture a
little bit of that you know they they
have kind of a Tracy Hepburn thing go
and so you you know you want to
recapture that they're not romantically
involved in the new series
it's not King of Queens it's different
but these two people on screen have
incredible chemistry and you you'd be
crazy not to I mean what's weird is that
people keep saying you killed her the
character is he's a widower but he
wasn't you know they did this on Blue
Bloods do they killed off one of the
characters i yeah it's a good thing to
do to refresh your series
nobody really died in real life everyone
in real life was paid very handsome I
feel better about that and you know as
long as as long as she doesn't know as
long as you didn't turn up in a shallow
grave I'll let you off the hook for this
television I think there's no no good
that's that's that's the world I want to
live in yeah that's yeah you're a cock
you are you are a majorette you wrote
this book big league which I have to
know I did not write in it you edited
this book they look vaguely where you've
taken the speeches and comments with
Donald Trump and arrange them as poetry
and I have to tell you it's it's
genuinely hilarious I mean it is it had
me laughing out loud well I will give a
poetry reading if you don't mind here's
here's high-society by Donald Trump
I have Palm Beach I have mar-a-lago I
deal with society Society loves me and I
can act differently for different people
I mean that's profound that basically it
takes poetry to a new place you know
it's funny because you and I probably
differ a little bit on Trump I was I'm
not a fan right but what I in the many
ways I'm looking like you tonight day I
end up cheering a lot and sort of hating
myself sometimes portrayed but look the
guy whatever you think you love him II
hate him he's got a singular way of
making himself understood a singular way
of communicating and so one I just sort
of wrote the one speech up I just laid
it on and the rule was for me when I
laid it out on page I would not add any
words or subtract any words or rearrange
them so this is just as it came out of
trumps now right and there is a kind of
a rap star rhythm to it kind of a
response kind of rhythm to it especially
in the middle in the beginning when he's
a little bit tight you know and he's
kind of trying to try to stay on target
and at the end when he suddenly has to
remind himself he's got to get back on
target that's not as interesting but in
between when he's kind of just gonna cut
and loose just like it's right out of
the poetry brain it gets really
interesting and a lot of it sometimes it
gets really really he is not um you know
people say he lies and that's probably
true objectively he is a very loose
connection to the facts but he's not
deceitful hmm he does it's not as if he
knows it's not telling the truth he
really thinks it's the truth he really
does so when he's the poems really do
feel like they're right from him I mean
the one I like the best is a short it's
one it's called I think it's for the
Pope which is the Pope I hope is
frightened only by God you think about
know I know my eyes filled English major
I got a I got a bachelor's in English
literature and I probably spent you know
several you know yeah I added all up
several weeks of my life time writing
and thinking about poems that had less
resonance and value than them then than
that absolutely I think he has reworked
the American literary scene there's no
question about it I yeah but but you
have been I mean you have been like like
I kind of I feel with Trump sort of like
a guy who doesn't like Japanese people
watching Godzilla I feel like I'm
rooting for the monster and I sort of I
know I shouldn't be but I just kind of
like watching CNN go running through the
streets streets screaming in Japanese
but you have been consistently critical
yeah I don't like it yeah I don't but I
live in a world I live a very much
darker world I think and you do and that
I don't believe that we are somehow or
the world is somehow organized so that
we are entitled to a good choice right
so I you know I've said it bar on Friday
night
you'll be surprised here at the bar you
were still in the bar Friday night yeah
yeah and I was sitting there waiting
friends to arrive and there's a couple
people next to me and they were visitors
from I doubt and they're having fun
they're nice young people having fun and
so the woman there the young woman there
was like hey so what do you do and I
never I always lied so uh I'm a
financial journalist cuz nobody ever
asked any questions but she's just her
journalist she want to know what I
thought of Trump and I said I don't like
it and she said yeah so Hillary would be
better like no I don't I don't think so
but I just we're not entitled to it to a
good choice that's the way I feel too
yes no question but but the news that
choices as possible but this did not
stop the New Yorker from ripping you
apart for Bigley yeah I mean there's
like the Rhino squishy currying favor of
the West I know you tried your best to
buy their favor but I just love I love
this she says first of all she accuses
you of making your Long's purpose she
says is to make fun of poetry itself
I mean poetry itself Rob for crying out
but then she goes on to say the
president she's right giggly is an
example I mean this is the New Yorker
Rebecca Meade in the New York Bigley is
an example of expedient political
normalization dressed up in the
Honorable clothes of political satire it
is the jocular sanctioning on the part
of the right of the right kind of tyrant
you are a jocular sanction er that you
are not that I'm not I I in making light
sport of him
the way humorists have been making like
sport of the alb all presidents
beginning of time the way people who
loved and adored Reagan as I did would
make fun of the fact that he's old and
kind of every now and then seemed to
lose the threat of things or george w
bush not really being able to put - two
or three sentences together any that's a
she seems to think that that the trump
is beyond that that it's not okay to
make fun if you're laughing we always
make by the president that it must must
always be driven by some sense of
outrage
and also it doesn't make it easy i mean
what is this you're normalizing here I
mean he's president Einstein exists it
Donal I know that is normal yeah yeah
that's you like it I'm not crazy about
it myself but it is true I saw it on TV
he raised the sing and happened he's
present he's in the White House this is
true that's not it is normal you know
you may hate it but it what's funny to
me is that the people who complained so
much that he's you know loose with facts
and all that stuff are incredibly loose
with the language yeah what do you mean
did norm what is normalized mean it
means that we're not always waking up
saying this is all right that's of
course you're getting pay to buy the New
Yorker and unless I think even more so
you feel that there are zero
consequences to your outrage right like
it's like it's opposed yeah well that's
the thing I mean it's a you're
surrounded by people who absolutely
agree with you so speaking truth to
power is not speaking truth to power
it's just spreading to your friends down
at a fancy restaurant I knew you were
coming I wanted I want to look hip and
Hollywood you know it's what you do I
like anything I actually like it ya know
excellent actually I look older than you
however when I see you on Gutfeld
you're not wearing shoes I gotta say
you're not wearing socks yeah we're the
put the socks on yeah that's like a mat
you're making these lame I will be
wearing socks now that it's socks or
seasonable you have to I'm a guy I mean
season award
I just want to know what are you wearing
pants now that's what I want to know
this thing right the author of big Lee
the executive producer of Kevin can wait
and the founder of ricochet so actually
animals you remember almost an
accomplished human being that's like I'm
a part of the establishment yeah part of
the gob yes it's good to see you I hope
I come back like all right so I love the
guy usually I have to say I worked on a
project with him and it was I can't name
the people involved because they were
famous comedy writers and for some
reason who's famous comedy writers and
me and we were writing about Lois at
Obamacare we were doing some satires on
Obamacare and first you have to
understand that TV writers never write
anything like I'm a novelist I write
things I stand with my hands on the
thing and but that's not what happens so
they say you know that go each one does
a script and this is your script and
this is your script and there's like
four of us I guess and these were big
guys I mean guys with big shows and we
all go out and one guy comes back with a
script who do you think it is me because
when you tell me to write something
right I write something you pay me to
write it I write something everybody
else comes back with like a napkin with
a scrawled something on it or like a
piece of note paper like a little piece
of toilet paper they and in each guy in
turn I guess this is how a TV show is
written I've never worked in on a TV
show each guy turned hands his little
scrap to rob and Rob kind of looks at it
and then just starts to van just starts
to talk and I don't know if you if
you've never worked with in comedy you
don't know this but what comedy people
do is they never laugh they say good
line oh that's funny good line yeah no I
like that that's funny because it's
there's no laughing I was in tears I
mean I was doubled over like tears
stream I was laughing so hard and
because he just he just would ad-lib
that what he thought the video would be
and then when he was done the guys go
home and write what Rob that's what they
do they never do anything it's just an
amazing they never sit there you know
like me writing is like you scratch your
chin you can't look around you take base
then you sit down at the time no no it's
just they talk he just talks and it's
whole areas and then they go and write
that down that was
spirits of comedy it's my one experience
of comedy ready alright let us move to
sexual follies
so I keep seeing the girl going across
but other people seeing me right now hey
why can't I see me I think that's funny
it this is EC people think I pick on
them but this alright so I'll give you
32 million dollars just keep your mouth
shut so you know I have to uh I have to
just look up who wrote this thing
because I actually put this down here
and I forgot to put down who wrote it
but this is a piece wait a minute I will
find it oh it was in the week that's
what it was okay I'm gonna just see if I
can get the author's name because I hate
not to give him credit but in the week
it he talked about it wrote an article
called the end of sex and here let me
just read a little bit to you because
this is about kind of the stuff we
started out talking about the Harvey
Weinstein of it all and the Bill
O'Reilly out of it all he says I think
it is becoming obvious that the
progressive dream of a world of casual
sex free from both guilt and
consequences is in practice a nightmare
it is simply not possible to produce
much less promulgate and insist upon
uniform adherence to a code of sexual
ethics that applies to interactions with
persons one barely knows to whom one has
no binding obligations guided only by
the barometer that measures the chance
of getting your rocks off it's almost
like it's almost as if we need some kind
of some kind of institution where people
kind of pledge to be together and take
care of one another forever and then
like you know if their children they
take care of the children in those
iconic I don't know maybe we should
invent something like that I'd say he
says even the standard of consent
according to which sexual behavior
becomes a kind of economic activity
governed according to contract law is
not exhaustive enough to account for the
infinite variety of situations in which
people acting outside ancient
constraints might find themselves sex
becomes a question of interpreting
signals of a RRIF Mencia vrooom casting
inevitable signs are going to be
misinterpreted often willfully because
other people are frankly speaking vile
people or wha he says I am NOT under
illusion that millions of Americans are
only one more hashtag me to Revelation
from professing belief that fornication
and adultery or immoral and the sexual
act is only listed in the context of
lifelong marriage but I do think that we
are approaching a point at which people
are getting increasingly fed up with sex
wishing for a broader more inclusive
understanding of what it means to be
human than someone who with permission
or having given it wants to interact in
a variety of ways with other people's
private parts this is a remarkable thing
to see anywhere and in the week which is
kind of a it's supposed to be just all
the news and all the commentary but it
really is a it tends to be a left-wing
it seems to slant left I think but it's
a remarkable thing to say see because it
is what conservatives always say you
know what conservatives say if the thing
can't continue it won't if this can't if
somebody says this can't go on if it
can't go on it won't this has happened
before and I have pointed you know
people always think the left always
loves to say the toothpaste can't go
back into the tube that's always what
the left says what they always say is
like well let's try this and you try it
and then they say Oh what you can't go
back you know know what there's no going
back but people do go back and like I
know I bring this up a lot because I
happened to be fascinated by the
Romantic period the period between the
French Revolution say and maybe the end
of the Napoleonic Wars maybe a little
after that 1820 1825 this was when
people were revolutionary they thought
ah the French Revolution I mean they
thought it was the Age of Aquarius they
thought this was everything is going to
go the church is gonna go Kings are
gonna go sexual morality is gonna go
everything is gonna be new god no god
forget about it it's all gonna be fresh
new it's all gonna be scientific it's
all gonna be reason the Age of Reason
has dawned upon us and of course it
ended up with the terror in France and
world war across Europe as Napoleon
invaded just about everybody and his
Aunt May in that period of time there
were people thinking things very much
like what sexual liberated peope
sexually liberated people think today
and I always point to certainly Byron
was sleeping with everybody and on earth
and she'll he was basically saying
marriage is a fool's game
it's you know William Blake the PO
William Blake was saying the same thing
William Blake was funny cuz William
Blake was faithfully and happily married
his whole life but he was always talking
about how marriage was a an
old-fashioned restrictive thing and you
could see why you could see why your you
would marry this person you couldn't get
divorced he was stuck with this person
for life and it was terrible Shelly just
left a trail of absolute destruction
sexually in his wake after that period
came the Victorian age it just ran out
the idea of sexual revolution just ran
out not it's and it's not so much the
illegitimate children though the
illegitimate children are a plague in
black communities and in poor white
communities as well it will emit
children are a plague because they mean
that poverty will go on another
generation and one after that and after
that they are basically at risk for
terrible behaviors because they haven't
got fathers because they haven't got a
mother who's responsible for them an
abortion believe me doesn't help because
abortions been legal for years and in
the time since abortion has become legal
illegitimate see has shot up but that's
not it that is not it we are more than
our physical selves it's that simple it
is that simple we are not what they tell
us we are we are not a collection of
atoms we are not a brain that is just
flashing messages around you know
automatically for some reason we are a
spirit capable of engaging with the
world in a spiritual way and ultimately
ultimately people figure this out and
you know who figure it out first
the people who figure it out first are
they educated well-to-do people who have
two parents who teach them these things
and who maybe go to church and they
figure it out and the problem we have
now is that they have figured it out
because because basically well-to-do
upper-middle class people don't have
children out of wedlock they get married
they get married when they're ready they
have children when they're ready they do
all those things but what they don't do
is they don't preach it to the poor
because that makes them judgmental that
makes them unhip that makes them racist
because to say Oh black people maybe you
know you should follow bushwa white
people is somehow racist I don't believe
that is racist I think that is
we're dealing with and I do think it is
amazing that you will start to hear this
I do believe a new Victorian age is
coming with the good and the bad of that
but I do believe that one of those
things is going to be people are going
to stop doing what destroys them smart
people are gonna stop doing what
destroys them and one of the things that
destroys you is random sex and it
destroys you because it is against your
spiritual self the mailbag is tomorrow
we will answer all your questions all
your questions and you're like look at
your look at go look in the mirror then
come back and tell me you don't need the
mailbag you need the mailbag subscribe
for a lousy ten bucks a month you can
ask me any question my answers are
guaranteed 100 percent correct and they
will change your life now and then for
the better I'm Andrew Clavin this is the
Andrew Clavin show and we'll see you
tomorrow
you
