Democrats held a meeting at an
undisclosed Washington location
yesterday to discuss what the nation
should panic about next with the panic
over Brett Cavanaugh's assaults on women
fading in light of the fact Brett
Kavanaugh hasn't assaulted any women
Democrats fear the u.s. may soon subside
into a calm sense that the economy is
booming and a newly powerful military is
keeping us safe according to former Vice
President Joe Biden quote we tried the
Kavanagh drinks too much beer panic and
the Kavanagh gets very angry panic but
they're just not catching on as things
stand there is a real danger that people
will begin to think that Donald Trump is
doing a good job just because you know
he's doing a good job unquote in the
gathering with reporters after the panic
meeting Senator Chuck Schumer wax
nostalgic over previous Democrat panics
saying quote it seems like only
yesterday the Statue of Liberty was
crying over some trivial immigration
nonsense or other and remember when
repealing net neutrality was going to
kill us all and leaving the Paris Accord
was going to kill us all and leaving the
Iran deal was going to kill us all man
those were the days unquote
sources who attended the meeting said
the Democrats discussed returning to the
collusion with Russia panic but feared
that might dissipate quickly in light of
the fact there was no collusion with
Russia as one Democrat source who wished
to remain anonymous put it quote you can
fool all of the network news departments
all of the time and some of the people
some of the time but eventually even CNN
is going to catch on to the fact that
we're just talking a lot of crap unquote
some idea suggested for the new Democrat
panics include the stormy Daniels as
spine for Vladimir Putin panic the
renegotiating NAFTA to our advantage is
going to kill us all panic and the too
much world peace makes you flabby panic
as one anonymous Democrat put it quote
we really have to come up with something
before the midterms so we can take back
Congress and give the people something
they can really panic about trigger
warning I'm Andrew Clavin and this is
the Andrew Clavin show
all right it is Thursday the last day of
the Andrew Clavin show the brink of the
clave unless we in but we have got so
much going on this show me going for
three hours I got so much to talk about
the first thing I got to talk about is
tomorrow
Itzik stave off the clayvin last weekend
the daily wire will be launching the
next season of my podcast series another
Kingdom performed by Michael Noel's
and I'll tell you more about it but we
just this minute literally before we
came on we got the first the first look
what have we call it a trailer it's a
trailer for another Kingdom I haven't
seen it but it's got me in it so let's
take a look at it
hey everybody I'm Andrew Clavin and
here's a first look at the amazing audio
and visual world we've created for
season two of another Kingdom so now I
was a hunted man hunted haunted
broken-hearted whatever she'd been
searching for in the look of mine she'd
obviously found it what consequences I
asked again I fought to stay focused on
the real world the motel by swiftly
approaching murder I took one last
glance around the blood-soaked room
then I stepped through the veil into
another Kingdom
now season 2 of another Kingdom
nice very quick very very cool-looking
here's the thing if you subscribe it's
gonna the first two episodes I think
will be out tomorrow if Friday but if
you subscribe you can get them on
Wednesday odd free if you don't
subscribe you get them on Fridays but
you won't be able to watch the whole
thing if you don't subscribe you'll be
able to listen to the whole thing but
all the visuals they've got this a
fantastic technique of what unveiling
their illustrations so that they're
virtually it's virtually animation it
was really really amazing stuff so head
on over to daily wire.com subscribe
think of all you get really for 10 lousy
bucks a month 100 bucks for the entire
year not only do you get the
all-important leftist ears tumblr which
believe me you're gonna need in just a
couple of days but you want to get that
right away but you get all of our shows
Ben's and Michael's and Walsh's show you
get all that you get in the mail bag and
now you will get another Kingdom ad free
on Wednesday before everybody else and
you get to watch the entire thing and
while you're thinking about all those
things if you're if you go over to
iTunes and subscribe to the Andrew
Clavin show I would appreciate it
leave us a 5-star rating if you think we
deserve it if you don't think we deserve
it why just do it
our guys say uh all kinds of stuff is
happening I'm just I just hit a hundred
K a hundred thousand followers on
Twitter so I'm ready to be banned by
Twitter there you don't want to you know
what I'm a hundred thousand followers on
Twitter and be a conservative because
they will censor you and I just want to
mention that this is the show where the
future comes to rehearse it's not that
people steal my stuff it's that they
only think of it after I do if you were
here you heard me talking about to kill
a mockingbird and how that related to
the Cavanaugh thing remember that what
was that like Rob two weeks ago
something like that it is now the head
op-ed in the Wall Street Journal is all
about hey this is just like to kill a
mockingbird yeah I talked about the
crucible and then oh my gosh it was on
Fox News they were playing the crucible
it and the people who have been here
including Michael Knowles got his start
on the show Jordan Peterson was here
when he had like 600 YouTube hits
Candace Owens came here before anywhere
else and now Jenelle is
see Jen Ellis had a piece and National
Review that's been on hot air and on
RealClearPolitics so this is the place
to come you know this place saves you so
much time you can just get back to
watching you know porn and whatever else
you're watching because you'll have
already heard everything everybody's
gonna say especially you want to hear
about battle box battle box is this
incredible subscription service no girls
allowed this is a men's subscription
service a lot of these subscription
services are full of samples and junks
junk you'll never use but not battle box
I got one it is filled with tried and
trued true field tested survival outdoor
and everyday carry gear usable products
that have been hand selected by survival
experts through the carry use or add to
your emergency stash no quit no kidding
this thing comes with a knife you could
gut an orc with this thing you could you
could just fight an entire battle it
introduces you the best products new
gear and innovative companies at a much
lower cost than if you were to buy them
individually go to try battle box comm
slash Clavin and picks the pick the box
you want they start at just $25 per
month and by the way there's no e in
battle box it's be a DTL bo X there is
no e'en battle box so right now our
listeners get a free tactical knife this
is a beautiful piece of machinery when
you sign up for your first battle box at
try battle box comm slash Clavin try
battle box be ATT LBO XCOM slash Clavin
and right now get your first battle box
plus a free tactical knife at free
battle box comm slash Clavin there's
kind of a coincidence there's also no
Ian Clavin that's que la vie a and all
right you know they have been digging
into every possible aspect of brat Brett
Kavanaugh is past and finally we have a
confession here it is yeah III think I
was a thug or a big part of my growing
up I got into fights I drank and did and
in consumed substances that weren't
always legal some of my behavior was
self-destructive you know
yeah I might drink a six-pack in an hour
before before going back to class wait a
minute that wasn't Britta that was
Barack Obama that that is amazing an
amazing piece of video just reminding us
it actually insane something important
that everything everything that
Democrats have done have has redounded
on them every torpedo they fired has
turned around in the water and sunk
their submarines it is amazing we are on
the brink I try not to report on the
future because I don't know what's that
the future is nobody knows but it looks
to me it seems to me right at this
minute that we are on the brink of one
of the great political debt disasters in
the Democrat party's history this is
worse than that time they had to give up
their slaves after the Civil War this is
really bad for the Democrats the FBI
thing is in and just about everybody
who's had a look out at the FBI
investigation into Brett Kavanaugh that
they said oh this is gonna be the this
is the thing this is the one that's
gonna do it it has come in and according
to everybody has looked at it so far it
not only it doesn't corroborate any any
of the stories that have been told about
him Christine blaze forward stories all
of that stuff is going by the bores and
that means Mitch McConnell cocaine Mitch
McConnell has now scheduled the vote I
believe it's gonna be on Saturday but
he's filed the closure report that he
needs to have the vote this from the
beginning you've heard me talk about
this a million times even back during
the primaries I was talking about this
that Donald Trump has this magical
ability to make other people destroy
themselves he has this magical ability
to make other people destroy themselves
Marco Rubio remember when he went after
Trump's hands he was trying to sound
like Trump and it just embarrassed
himself even you know Ted Cruz who I
supported thought he could outsmart
Trump but in fact Trump was actually out
ahead of him all the time Hillary
Clinton the media now the entire
Democrat Party why why because Trump is
Fight Club
Trump is Fight Club you think you're
punching the other guy but you're really
fighting with yourself and then this is
true of Trump everything about Trump is
them that is a whole point of Trump
that's why he keeps getting them because
they think he's Fight Club they think
they're punching another guy but it's
really just them in the guise of Donald
Trump what do they say about him he's
rude he's rude he's nasty but this is
after 30 40 50 years of them calling us
sexist and racist and homophobic in
Islamophobic in every name they could
think of but they didn't they thought
that was okay that was okay because it
was them saying and they're so virtuous
he's them they're him they're punching
themselves in the face it's Fight Club
they say oh you know he's sexist who has
been protecting the molesters of women
all these years
Bill Clinton Ted Kennedy you know who
has been doing that all these years it's
them
he's them everything they're saying
about them were downs on them it is
amazing he's racist who turns everything
to race who's been spending the last two
weeks saying white men white men is all
about white men it's all about the color
anything you say has to be about the
color you know who is hateful
authoritarian and violent all the things
they call him it's them it is then they
are punching the mirror image of
themselves you know there was this video
that came out I got to play this cuz
it's so amazing that it this is a takes
place in Toronto but it could have taken
place here it has taken place here in
effect there's a pro-abortion guy
standing near a protest of abortion and
he kicks this woman he roundhouse kicks
this woman to defend women's rights
classic classic leftism play this clip
Hey destruction of private property
salade he gets raped by somebody and
they're like Mike the 16 year old and I
can't have this baby I think you should
keep it it's a baby if someone is raped
and she gave birth and she decided to
kill her three-year-old child says I
meant to kick the phone he threw a
roundhouse kick at a woman the guy's
name is Jordan hunt he's been fired from
the hair salon where he worked the cops
don't do anything about this by the way
because it's Toronto and they all agree
with him but but you know the thing
about it is that whole he's being so
reasonable and he's got it he knows it
all he's so much smarter than they are
how dumb are they he's a thug right he's
a thug and this is the thing they're
shouting at Donald Trump but everything
they say about him it all redounds on
them do you remember like do you
remember when the criticizing the FBI
Republicans criticizing the FBI was
undermining our the American
establishment it was undermining
Americans faith in their institutions do
you remember that here's here's a
Morning Joe cut number one there's
Morning Joe back in January way way back
in the deep deep a backward in a
business of time they're criticizing the
Republicans for attacking the FBI this
dirty pool that is being played by
members of the Senate and the house and
the administration you're undercutting
the foundation of this democracy because
you're supposed to preserve it and
you're using it right now to try and
deflect from possible crimes committed
by the president by the way and and and
we talked about this yesterday today
somewhere in your state somewhere
definitely in your country there are FBI
agents that are going around there
trying to get Intel there
trying to get information they're trying
to break apart terror networks of
homegrown terrorists that want to blow
up your church that want to blow up your
synagogue that want to kill you or your
family or other people in your community
and a disease FBI agents who stand
between you me all of us and future
terror attacks
how could you criticize the heroic
heroic heroes of the heroic FBI how
could you how could you stain these
wonderful men and women who serve you
you know because then then the FBI was
investigating Russia collusion and Trump
and all this now they bring in this
report this report that the Democrats
begged for this report that the
Democrats said would be dispositive this
would solve the problem this would be
the thing that would clear or condemn
Brett Kavanaugh here it is here's the
report it is finally here it's not good
enough this is remember James Comey gave
the marching orders to the FBI through
the op-ed of the New York Times which is
where the left talks to itself he gave
the orders he said you can do this you
can get this information on Brett
Kavanaugh you can get this thing that
the Republicans don't want you to get
didn't turn out that way here's CNN
report covering is a CNN covering the
the FBI ABC I'm sorry ABC covering the
FBI report cut seven investigation of
judge Kavanaugh is under the microscope
this morning a new report claims the
agency chose not to interview several
people who knew the nominee in high
school or college and these were people
who wanted to tell their stories
ABC senior national correspondent Terry
Moran is in Washington with more Corning
Terry good morning Robin this FBI
investigation was fast it was limited
and several potential witnesses are now
claiming it was incomplete overnight
potential key witnesses in that FBI
investigation are speaking out they're
frustrated after they say they were
ignored by agents investigating claims
of drunken sexual assault by Supreme
Court nominee Brent Cavanaugh
in a statement overnight attorneys for
dr. Christine Blasi Ford who accuses
Kavanaugh of sexually assaulting her in
high school her lawyers
we are profoundly disappointed that
after the tremendous sacrifice she made
in coming forward those directing the
FBI investigation were not interested in
seeking the truth so now you know Trump
is fightclub before the FBI was the
heroic heroes of here Odom and now
suddenly they the FBI just cannot get
the job done what a bunch of
incompetence they're hiding the truth
what a conspiracy to cover up for Brett
Kavanaugh every time they try to punch a
trump they wind up with a fist in their
face their own fists in their own face
and you know it's no good saying well it
was wrong okay well maybe it was wrong
when they covered up for Ted Kennedy
leaving a woman to drown but that
doesn't make it right to go after you
know when Trump says something in a
locker room you know that's not a good
argument that's not a good argument the
rules of the fight are the rules of the
fight and if you're gonna bring it this
way if you're gonna bring the fight
dirty you're gonna get dirty back atcha
and that's what's happening people are
angry they're tired of it and why do I
say it's a disaster but for one thing
the enthusiasm gap according to a new
poll the enthusiasm gap between
Republicans and Democrats for the
midterms has virtually vanished the
right is now thinking hey you know they
could do this to anybody they can do
this all the time they're gonna destroy
anybody who's got who's a conservative
they're gonna rip his life to pieces I'm
gonna go out and vote Trump is at 50%
according to Rasmussen his approval
ratings are 50% which is really high for
him and it's above his disapproval
rating but listen to this this is the
one this is the thing that really gets
me Brett Stevens and I actually kind of
admire Brett Stevens I admire his
intelligence I admire his look at
international the international scene
but he hated Donald Trump so much he
left the The Wall Street Journal
basically went to the New York Times so
he could take potshots at Donald Trump
he has not said a good word about him he
has been a never Trump or when I say
never Trump er I mean never with a
capital N Trump with a capital T he
hates this guy today he's writes for the
first time and he's writing in the New
York Times - for the first time since
Donald Trump entered the political fray
I find myself grateful that he's in it
I'm reluctant to admit it and astonished
to say it especially since the president
mocked Christine Blasi forward in his
gratuitous way at a rally on Tuesday
perhaps it's worth unpacking this
admission for those who might be equally
astonished to read it I'm grateful
because Trump has not backed down in the
face of the slipperiness hypocrisy and
dangerous standard-setting deployed by
opponents of Brett Cavanaugh's
nomination to the Supreme Court I'm
grateful because ferocious and even
crass obstinacy has its uses in life and
never more so than in the face of sly
moral bullying I'm grateful because he
said big fat hammer fending off a razor
sharp dagger and he talks about all the
different things and he says at the end
that he says at the end I admit to
feeling grateful that in Trump at least
one big bully was willing to stand up to
others see but the thing is Brett that
is what everybody else has been seeing
all these years the difference between
and and by the way I'm guilty of this
too I did that video that got like 17
million hits where I tease people for
being so angry and therefore voting for
Donald Trump but now I get it
I get it I see why you're angry I saw
then why you were angry but I see why
Donald Trump is the answer to that anger
for you the problem with Brett Stevens
the problem with so many of us who have
a voice is we don't understand what it's
like to be the in the majority of the
people who don't have a voice
Brett Stevens gets to go in the New York
Times every day and write what he has to
say I get to come to the Daily wire
every day and say what I have to say it
is a release it is a sense that you can
fight back it's a sense of not being
helpless but what if you're a mechanic
what if you run a drug store what if you
work in a real estate firm and every day
every day for decades the press the
people who have a voice come on and tell
you you're no good you're you you want
to judge sorry we can just throw an
allegation at him and destroy him we can
just take him out even without proof and
we can just throw aside you know
hundreds of years of anglo-american
jurisprudence out the window because we
don't like them we don't like you we
don't like your
I use we don't like your Constitution we
don't like your history your tradition
your religion your your done your guy is
done they can do that to you and you
don't get to go to the New York Times
and write a column you don't get to go
on The Daily wire and ramp in front of a
microphone
of course you send Donald Trump there
lucky you just sent Donald Trump there
lucky you didn't show up with pitchforks
and torches you know I mean what on
earth why has it been so hard why has it
been so hard for the Republican
establishment that people who do have a
voice to understand the frustration the
decades-long frustration of people who
don't
Trump has given him that voice and he's
done it by being them by being imitating
the bullies who have bullied the people
it NBC is a bully CBS is a bully ABC's a
bully putting George Stephanopoulos as
the head of your news department a
Clinton hack is bullying it is saying to
people oh you know what you can't touch
us anyway
so we're gonna do anything we want say
anything we want we're gonna pretend to
be objective while really just pushing
the Democrat line you can't do anything
about it
yah-yah-yah that's basically what neener
neener neener
it's basically what they've been saying
to you trump is the answer to that and
look you know the other thing that's
this is wrong footing Democrats here is
reality reality you know female
unemployment first of all the jobs I
don't even know if we've mentioned this
I mean this is the way the news the news
cycle just eradicate the actual news the
hysteria the panic that they sell
eradicate the actual news the job
numbers for the last quarter was
spectacular they were spectacular and
female unemployment is currently at a
50-year low of three point nine percent
less than half the rate it was as
recently as President Obama's second
term cut in half this summer the female
unemployment rate I'm reading this from
Breitbart reached its lowest level in 65
years when you consider how small the
female labor force was back then it's
safe to say has never been easier for a
woman to find a job than it is today
so while the Democrats have been
covering up for Matt Lauer and Harvey
Weinstein and Bill Clinton and Bill
Cosby and and Teddy Kennedy while
they've been covering up
they also haven't been serving women so
Donald Trump curses he hasn't treated
women the way you would like a man to
treat women over the years he has been
what he has been although he's been it
openly he wasn't pretending to be
anything else but his policies the
policies that he represents have helped
women oppression you know nobody has
noticed this for me you know the way
they tell the story of the Trump
administration is what a mess it's been
all these people have been fired this
one was fired he brought in this one in
fire and fired fired everybody's fired
but the thing is he came in here as a
neophyte and what he said he would do
was he would learn the job and he would
hire the best people and now suddenly
he's got Mike Pompeo a Secretary of
State John Bolton this is a national
security adviser Sarah Sanders doing a
great job fronting for the place John
Kelly is great Jim mattis has been there
from the beginning Jim mattis you know
he's like he's just been cleaning up and
all of this stuff you know Isis gone
gone for their Caliphate is gone it's
reduced to like an outhouse one of those
like porta sands you know they have that
that is the Caliphate of Isis at this
point even stuff you just don't notice
China is suddenly being challenged you
know I'm gonna have bring on Sebastian
Gorka who's got a new book out is one of
the best interviews not only he's ever
done with me is one of the best
interviews I've ever seen Sebastian do
because he's talking about what he
really knows best which is international
security and he talks about China being
the main threat and of course I remember
that during the the primaries I remember
playing a funny clip of Donald Trump put
to music just saying China China China
Trump got it Trump got that this is the
thing we have to worry about Gorkhas
really fascinated about all right we are
going to go that we're gonna stay on
Facebook and YouTube let you listen to
Sebastian because it's really a great
interview while you're here though flash
over to the Daily wire.com to daily wire
calm and subscribe because you're gonna
get another Kingdom it starts tomorrow
you will really it really is it just
even if you just listen to it the story
is great but the added visuals and
animations that they've done are
absolutely spectacular you already know
who dr. Sebastian Gorka is a Hungarian
American
Terry and intelligence analyst II has
been a Fox News strategist former deputy
assistant to President Trump and he's
got a new book out why we fight and it's
out next week I think right October 9th
on Amazon but I'm sure you can pre-order
it now like I said a fascinating
interview with Sebastian Gorga all right
Sebastian Corey it's good to see you
again how you doing great to be back
true thank you for having me so you
wouldn't listen to me I gave I told you
never to write a book but you have why
we fight defeating America's enemies
with no apologies you're not that nice
to that nice mr. Obama you kind of blame
them for weakening our defenses is that
a fair way to put it I'm an equal
opportunity offender so I give Bush is
almost as much grief as I give Obama but
yes look come on
eight years of leading from behind which
is an oxymoron by itself in which a
small branch of al-qaeda creates a
Caliphate under the name of the Islamic
state in the same eight years you have a
seventy-year-old taboo broken by Russia
as it invades its neighbor and takes
their territory and you have China start
to build artificial apples to put
military bases in the South China Sea to
intimidate our partners the world just
one metric forget politics through one
metric under Obama
we saw the refugee the global refugee
population mushroom do 65 million human
souls we've never had that many refugee
we had less refugees in 1919 45 after
Nagasaki Hiroshima and and the Holocaust
so yes without American leadership the
world is on fire but that all ended
thank the good Lord on January 20th 2017
Oh
talk about that in a minute but right
right this second if you had to pick a
global threat that keeps you up at night
a little bit what would it be my time in
the White House taught me one thing so I
came in there as a kind of a Bill
O'Reilly called me a national security
utility infielder but my focus was kind
of terrorism Isis but once you get the
clearances once you
read the top-secret SDI reports at le
drew there's only one threat that
America faces that is truly strategic
Isis is being crushed we'll deal with
Iran we're dealing with North Korea were
gonna put Russia back in its box the
only long-term strategic threat we face
is China and China is a plan to displace
America by the hundredth anniversary of
the Chinese Revolution and they've been
working at it political warfare economic
warfare military buildup but the good
news again is after a few weeks we gave
the president 300 classified briefings
and he came to the understanding that
China is number one but as long as we've
got general mattis at the Pentagon I
don't have many sleepless nights yes he
is a reassuring presence I think they
just sent him some of that poison what
is it recent is that Bryson yeah I
thought that's not gonna work on him so
now you're talking in why we fight you
talk about the depending on weapons but
also depending on ideas you don't you
don't think China is not necessarily
going to launch a strike a military
strike against us no they don't have the
military capability to this no nobody
does nobody comes close to us we have a
nation of 12 nuclear aircraft parents
china has one diesel-powered one it
brought bought secondhand from you brave
no this isn't about this isn't about
frontal warfare their philosophy it's
called unrestricted warfare it's
indirect it uses non kinetic means it
uses things such as cultural warfare
your viewers should Google Confucius
Institutes and look at this series of
Institute's based in America that are
pumping cultural messaging into the
United States the under- this is it's
not just you know the elinsky eyes that
want to destroy judeo-christian
civilization it's also the Chinese so
it's political war for its economic
warfare
it's not gonna be it's not World War two
it's not Saving Private Ryan it's this
whole panoply of tools that will chip
away at us over the decades but not for
the next six years that's for sure
it's not as I mean this was the Soviet
Union did this and they did pretty well
well they got Bernie Sanders in the
Senate if that was a that was a big win
after he took his honeymoon in the
Soviet Union yes exactly exactly now so
you talk about the will to win and
certainly when you use the words will to
win the face that appears in my mind is
not Barack Obama's face oddly enough
because does America still have a will
to win i point your viewers to perhaps
the most historic speech the president
has so far given and that's the one he
gave in Warsaw he the Polish government
wanted him to talk downtown some
highfalutin fancy place we said no we
wanted to stand right where the Warsaw
Uprising began against the fascists and
it wasn't easy but we got him there and
he gave this speech and the penultimate
paragraph is is his it still sent
shivers down my spine he asked the
question of the age is does the West
have the will to defend the values upon
which it was founded and that's the
question that's the question under
Donald Trump's leadership we're going to
clawback a position that we should have
we rightly had in the past but what's
going to happen to Europe what's going
to happen to all the other nations that
share our heritage that's another
question but if you look at the military
you look at the economy we are now on an
upward trajectory which is quite
stunning quite stunning but the will to
fight
that's a deep philosophical cultural
question we need at least another six
years of rebuilding to get close to
where we should be when you know when
you say this you remind me of a
her chambers that great book witness
where he really believed he fought
communism by exposing a former communist
spy he fought come communism by exposing
Alger Hiss
but he always believed that the
Communists were going to win and he
really believed that we did not have
what it took to stand up against them
now the fall the Soviet Union certainly
seems to have delayed that but it also
seems to have spread the idea of
socialism like a virus through our
culture the fact that we're openly
talking about it the fact that the New
York Times is touting the good old days
of the Soviet Union
do you see Trump is so hated by the
mainstream elite do you see him changing
the culture at all or is he going to be
a blip on our downward spiral
well Whittaker Chambers is one of the
characters that I discuss in in why we
fight because he truly was an American
hero he didn't wear a uniform didn't
carry a gun but what happened what's
happening now to judge Cavanaugh
happened to Whittaker Chambers in 1948 a
guy who was prepared to tell the truth
in the first-ever televised
congressional hearing and this man may
have been a former communist but they
accused him of being a pedophile a
homosexual cheating on his wife they
even accused him of being responsible
for his brother's death none of it was
true so the idea that you know the left
has just discovered that the tools of
personal actor assassination they've
been doing it since the 1940s drew so I
don't think Donald Trump is a blip
because deep down we didn't lose the
will to fight it was buried under a an
ice layer of political correctness when
you go with the president to a campaign
rally when you watch the Drowned rally
he gave a couple of days ago he connects
why because he taps into the deep
American spirit of all those people
whether they're working-class manual
laborers whether they're they're rich
whatever he says look we are the
greatest nation on God's earth and they
know it in their gut but now drew the
big difference is now you're allowed to
say
yeah that does make a big difference it
makes a huge difference I think you know
I'm really interested to hear what you
said about Islam putting it so far
beneath the Chinese threat it's putting
the Chinese threat so far above it
you've kind of spoken a lot in the past
about Islam and you've spoken very
honestly about the threat of Islam do
you now would you now agree there were a
lot of people Obama among them who said
that we are falling into their hands
when we over emphasize the threat of
terrorism that not that many people are
really killed by terrorism but the
problem with their terrorism is indeed
the terror that it spreads do you think
that that's true or do you think they
still represent is at least radical
Islam still represents a genuine threat
to the country oh what I call the global
jihadi movement absolutely represents a
threat but it's not on the scale of
China you have to take it seriously
because because what happened on
September the 11th we had a bunch of
handful of guys till three thousand
people in 102 minutes there's very few
wars in which you kill 3,000 people in
102 minutes even with a chemical weapon
it's hard to do that so yeah we have to
take them seriously but there's no
homogeneity in the Islamic world there's
no central command structure there's no
Beijing Politburo and also there's a
cultural social economic disadvantage
drew to quote the great Bernard Lewis
you do know that there isn't an Arab
motor-car so that there's no Arab Ford
Motor Car Company there isn't but there
isn't even an Arab bicycle manufacturer
their own theology this this this clash
between reason and revelation in which
revelation dominates has meant that
there is an inveterate hobbling of this
culture which means they could never
become the Soviet Union they could never
become the People's Republic of China
but the People's Republic of China is
billions of people controlled by one
party and that's why in terms of ranking
China is right at the
Oh terrorism is still an issue but we'll
deal with it I want to turn to this
Cavanagh thing it's it has it really
been it's been I have to say it it's
actually been one of the very few
political events that has bothered me
because of the virulent hatred of the
left and the dishonesty of the press
through through this for the first time
in my memory I know you're a Trump
loving fan but for the first time in my
memory Trump has seemed very cool about
this he has not blasted back he went off
a little bit on Kristine Ford yesterday
probably unfortunately that was probably
a mistake strategically but up till now
he's been very cool you want an FBI
investigation fine whatever the Senators
say fine
what do you think that reflects about
Trump's stance in this what do you think
he is he's thinking as he watches this
unfold sure that I know what he's
thinking you have to remember that two
things are at play here number one he's
he has a preternatural political
instinct yeah you can have issues with
his tweets and his use of language and
misspeaking it's totally irrelevant
I have never I mean you can talk about
Newt Gingrich Steve Bannon you can talk
about all no irrelevant this man has a
super natural political instinct and and
he's walking a line and he knows what
line to walk and I think the speech he
that the points he made about for
yesterday were the right thing to do
because he had to send a signal I mean
the right is beside itself at what's
being done to this dog Lee man Brett
Avenue and they have to be sent a signal
that the president's not gonna back down
that is what he should have done and
that's what he did the other thing is I
can speak from personal experience given
my time in the White House he has walked
this gauntlet I mean when I was in the
White House I got attacked that's fine
but when you attack my wife my teenage
children you attack my dead mother that
that tells you the stakes of the war
that the left is engaged in and the
press
has been the first but he's been on the
frontline taking all the bullets for
everybody so he knows what Kavanagh is
going through he knows it from personal
experience and that way that's why he's
being extra judicious in in his handling
of the case you know that my respect for
Mitch McConnell has risen over the last
several months I mean I always I feel
he's an institutional guy who kind of
knows how to play his institution do you
think he can he's gonna pull this off do
you think he's gonna get the votes he
needs look I have I have massive
problems with with McConnell and with
the GOP establishment writ large but I
think in this case he there's more of a
chance of him stepping up to the plate
for one reason Mitch McConnell since the
inauguration has been obsessed with one
thing he made a decision very early on
that he's not gonna fight for
ambassadors he's not gonna fight for the
president's broader policies here's one
legacy before he retires is the judicial
bench and making sure that the best
conservative candidates are all over the
federal court system and he's already
helped to push through what more than 60
of them so he made a decision to say I'm
gonna pick one thing and it's gonna be
judges in Trump's first term he has made
that happen he hasn't supported the
president on other things like Obamacare
and everything else but he took this
very seriously as a personal mission and
God willing he has put Brett Kavanaugh
inside that legacy but you know he's
another he may be the highest court in
the land but Brett Kavanaugh is another
judge and it's part of Mitch McConnell's
legacy and if that's true then you know
knock on wood this Friday will see a
motion and then hopefully the weekend
will see a vote
excellent Sebastian Gorka you have
descended to the level of an author why
we fight defeating America's enemies
with no more apologies it's great
talking to you and a really really
interesting conversation thanks a lot
thanks to you keep doing what you do
I think all right really good interview
really smart guy all right
III just have to mention that these that
test that went off yesterday where the
president item means now of sending to
all our cell phones and there's been a
lot of hilarious stuff going on about
that the first thing I thought is oh no
you know the last thing I want is the
president to be able to contact all our
cell phones like at two o'clock in the
morning Michael Moore says make no
mistake about it this is the world in
which we now live Trump gave us a
preview of the state of emergency as he
is creating to justify the end of
democracy as we know it resist he says
that's Michael Moore what I thought was
that you know Halloween is coming and a
thirteen hundred foot wide skull shaped
comet that always seems to swing around
the earth near Halloween there's a
computer rendering of it but the real
picture looks even scarier because it is
a Scott but it looks like a gigantic
skull hurling toward or that's coming
back again this year and hopefully will
miss us is 2015 but I just thought that
that should have been the message that
you got on your phone you said oh my god
fights nice stuff I like
if artistry doth elevate nor slam us
down into the muck if song sublime or
sonnet gay it's stuff I like may Andrew
say John's and Elfman with too much time
alright you know we're gonna do some
Halloween stuff I like it I like scary
stuff
I saw here's something I hate it that
I'll take a feather from been sat here
do some stuff I ate it I saw this movie
hereditary which got these wonderful
view wonderful reviews and I just I
thought it was terrible now I have to
say though that I bring it up I don't
like to attack you know other people's
work but I bring it up I didn't think
was that scary it had one you know
wonderful performances it had you know
great actors in it it as Toni Collette
is great and Gabriel Byrne is great and
it's about a mother of a fami tree arc
of a family dies then all this evil
stuff starts happening what's
about and I would ask people I asked a
lot of people like you know I don't like
horror movies
I don't like gore and bloodshed what I
like is spooky stuff you know I like
stuff that just makes you feel like give
a little shiver and kind of be feel
disturbed and everybody said oh yeah
that's what this is that's what this is
this is it's a Gore fest I mean it's
just like people's heads being cut off
and children said like I can't stand
that stuff and I didn't find it that
scary on top of everything else what I
like though is stuff that just really
creeps up behind you and I have been
reading a lot of Susan Hill this year
Susan Hill is the woman who wrote the
novel woman in black which became the
famous two-hander I think it's a yes a
two-hander play in London which has now
been running I think since Queen
Elizabeth the first Queen Elizabeth was
queen it has been running there forever
I've told this before but I went and saw
it I just walked in off the street one
day and went to see it now I just
thought it was absolutely wonderful
just a simple old-fashioned ghost story
and I stood up during the the first act
ends with a big scare you know and it
really got everybody in the theatre and
I stood up and as I stood up my chair it
was a theatre chair you know folded up
and caught the woman's in back of me
caught her foot in the chair and she let
out a shriek like a girl in a horror
movie and I just went through the roof
you know he was so on edge but you know
I went and I read the novel woman in
black and at the time I don't think I
was paying enough attention to it and I
didn't get to me but I decided I kept
hearing so much good stuff about Susan
Hill and by the way I'm honored Twitter
feed and I think she's a bit of a Tory
sway she's one of us but I was so I
would decide to go back to go back and
read her stuff again I've been reading
it all year and I just think it's
wonderful I think she is a modern master
of the old-fashioned ghost story and let
me recommend one one of her stories it's
in a collection called the Traveling bag
but the story is called the front room
and it is a deeply deeply disturbing and
creepy story about a couple who goes and
here's a sermon at church and the pastor
quotes Isaiah share your bread with the
hungry and bring the homeless poor into
your house and they are moved to do an
act of kindness and you know the old
saying no good
goes unpunished that is what happens and
it is just a eerie and spooky and
philosophically disturbing story the
front room by Susan Hill
it is definitely stuff I like all right
that is it for me the clave endless
weekend is upon us but not utterly
Clavin las' because another kingdom
season 2 is coming you will be able to
watch the whole episode one on Friday
and episode 2 will be available part of
it will be available for everybody
you'll be able to listen to the whole
thing but you can watch the animations
and stuff like that all the other
wonderful stuff they've added to it if
you subscribe to daily wire.com which
you should anyway for the simple reason
that we want your money all right when
we get back we will probably have had
the vote on Brett Kavanaugh so there'll
be a lot of exciting stuff to talk about
if you can just stay under your bed
until the clayvin last weekend is over
survivors can gather here on Monday I'm
Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew Clavin
show
the Andrew Clavin show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover technical producer Austen Stevens
edited by Alex zingaro audio is mixed by
Mike Carmina
hair and makeup is by Jesuit vera and
our animations are by Cynthia Angulo and
Jacob Jackson the Andrew Clavin show is
a daily wire for word publishing
production copyright for word publishing
