well hello there we're gonna talk about
abortion and sex in Hollywood and lots
of things having to do with Trump and
dead soldiers and all sorts of stupid
things also i'm ben shapiro this is the
ben shapiro show little behind the
scenes there every time we open this
show i have to look to a different
camera and I am very awkward at it so if
you can't see the show that's what
you're missing out on folks okay so
before we get to any of these things so
somebody on the left this morning on
Twitter presented the greatest
pro-abortion argument of all time and
then I refuted it and then he blocked me
so I will explain to you why this was
not in fact the greatest pro-abortion
argument of all time and why it is that
people think it was we will also talk a
little bit more about the me2 hashtag
that is going around all these women
posting on social media about how
they've been sexually harassed in the
past which is fine and dandy but i do
have a couple of questions that i think
need to be answered if we're going to
actually do something practical with all
that information plus president Trump
goes after President Obama for not
caring about dead troops or something
which is just awesome
we'll get to all of that but first I
want to say thank you to our sponsors
over at legacy box so if you are a
person who wants to preserve your
memories are you gonna preserve your
childhood memories you want to make sure
that all those boxes of old films that
are moldering out in the garage
those don't go to waste you want to make
sure that your parents have access to
those things this is why you need a
legacy box we all have these things
sitting in the garage and then there's
we don't care about them for years we
let them gather dust and there are
spiders and it's gross and then there's
a fire when we run out there and grab
the box that is covered in dust mites
and we bring it outside to the car and
it turns out we don't have enough room
and the pictures are waterlogged
don't be that person that's why you need
legacy box legacy box is a simple
affordable way to get your recorded
moments digitally preserved on DVD or
thumb drive here's how it works so you
get a box in the mail from legacy box
then you send back all your old tapes
films pictures audios or audio
recordings there's a little barcode that
you can slap on each item so you know
where it is in the process they take all
of those things they upload them they
clean them up and they put them on a DVD
or a thumb drive for you so now
everything is available to you you can
put it on your computer its digitally
available and you no longer have to
worry about those boxes and boxes of
garbage that are in your garage that are
not really garbage they're actually
important family
Marie's Legacy box takes care of
everything it is an awesome service go
to legacy box comm slash men get a 40%
discount on your order right now so
great deal legacy box comm slash spend
to get that 40% discount on your order I
think is a wonderful gift for mom or dad
particularly so if you have a parent
who's having a birthday or Mother's Day
or Father's Day is coming up this is the
best time just a great Christmas gift is
well legacy box sitcom / Ben got a 40%
discount on your order it's again I
think a very important service actually
okay so we begin today with an argument
that was going around Twitter this
morning I woke up and there was a tweet
storm that was going around it has now
been liked almost 19,000 times and
retweeted 9,000 times it's a big tweet
right especially from a guy who no one's
ever heard of this guy's name is Patrick
Tomlinson no telling how many followers
he has except that he blocked me so
Patrick Tomlinson is apparently the
author of something called the arc
trilogy as a sci-fi author calls himself
a comic I'm gonna read you his nasty
little his nasty little tweet storm and
then I'm going to explain why it is so
appealing on the surface to pro-choicers
and then I'm gonna explain why it makes
no sense so here is his argument in
favor of abortion and it just drips with
condescension and disdain anyone who
disagrees with him as a fool and a liar
I'm so sick of that attitude
I really am if I haven't made that clear
with regard to Jimmy Kimmel I'm gonna
make it clear now with regard to Patrick
Tomlinson here's what he tweeted quote
whenever abortion comes up I have a
question I've been asking for 10 years
now of the life begins at conception
crowd in 10 years no one has ever
answered it honestly then he says it's a
simple scenario with two outcomes wow I
mean just the brilliance this guy must
carry in his head it's just
mind-boggling so no one ever wants to
pick one because the correct answer
destroys their argument there is a
correct answer which is why the pro-life
crowd hates the question here it is how
you ready so good you're in a fertility
clinic why why isn't important the fire
alarm goes off you run for the exit as
you run down the hallway you hear a
child screaming from behind a door you
throw up in the door and find a
five-year-old child crying for help
exciting know there in one corner of the
room in the other corner is it there by
the way spelled th ey apostrophe re the
genius writer knows there in one corner
of the room in the other corner you spot
frozen container labeled 1000 viable
human embryos the smoke is rising you
start to choke you know you can grab one
or the other but not both before you
succumb to smoke inhalation and die
saving no one dong dong dong dong do you
a save the child or B save the thousand
embryos there is no C C means you all
die dong dong dong dong he says in a
decade of arguing with anti-abortion
people about the definition of human
life I have never gotten a single
straight A or B answer to this question
and I never will they will never answer
honestly because we all instinctively
understand the right answer is a a human
life is worth more than a thousand
embryos or ten thousand or a million
because they are not the same not
morally not ethically not biologically
this question absolutely eviscerates
their arguments and their refusal to
answer confirms that they know it to be
true no one anywhere actually believes
an embryo is equivalent to a child that
person does not exist they are lying to
you they are lying to you to try and
evoke an emotional response a paternal
response using false equivalency no one
believes life begins at conception
no one believes embryos are babies or
children those who claim to are trying
to manipulate you so they can control
women don't let them use this question
to call them out reveal them for what
they are - man they answered your
question and when they don't slap that
big old scarlet P of the patriarchy on
them the end Wow
mine whoa just amazing I mean just the
utter genius of this guy if I thought of
this example like I thought of this
hypothetical stupid question like I
don't know 10 years ago totally would
have changed my worldview I would voted
for Hillary Clinton and I'd be wearing a
sticker with a pussy hat on it ok so
let's put aside the fact that this guy's
obviously a douchebag
the commenters on the Twitter thread are
properly puzzled the reason they are
properly puzzled is because he is
correct that your moral intuition
suggests that you save the five-year-old
child and not the BOTS Martin 1000
violins here is why this does not prove
the point he thinks that it proves there
are many reasons why this has not even
come close to proving the point he
thinks it proves he thinks this proves
that human embryos aren't life he thinks
that this proves that we are all liars
when we say that human embryos are human
life he says that this proves that human
embryos are not babies he says that this
proves that we are all Liars ok so here
is why this is not true
in any sense so here are four reasons
first moral instinct does not always
mean you thought things through so we
have lots of moral instincts those moral
instincts may be good they may be right
they may be wrong that does not provide
a moral logic okay just because you'll
be a moral feeling does not mean that
the logic is well thought out so for
example here's another famous thought
experiment I love thought experiments I
think they're funds that's why I'm
focusing on this because I think that
it's good for you to get better at
thought experiments and it's fun for me
to go through them so here's another
famous thought experiment this of course
is the trolley problem everyone has
knows of the trolley car problem this is
where you are standing on a railroad
track a trolley car track and the track
is right at the fork okay you're
standing right at the fork it goes to
the right hand it goes to the left on
the left there is no who is tied to the
track and on the right there are five
people who are tied to the track okay do
you pull the switch and switch the
trolley car from the one that is going
to kill B five people to the one that is
just going to kill now most people say
yes right okay pretty easy answer right
this utilitarian answer we will save the
five instead of saving the one okay now
here is the more famous trolley car
question you are now standing on a
bridge over the trolley car track and on
the track is tied Nell and five other
people's there's six people tied to the
trolley car track you are standing above
on a bridge and up next to you is
standing Michael Moore okay some big
fatso
now do you - if you take Michael Moore
and you push him over the side of the
bridge and the trolley car is stopped by
the weight of the of his grease against
the skids do you throw Michael Moore
over the top of the bridge most people
say no most people say there's a moral
difference between me throwing a switch
and me pushing somebody physically off a
bridge to their doom that's a moral
intuition but can you justify it the
answer is probably not and what this
demonstrates is that most people's moral
intuition is not necessarily a thought
through logic and let's give another
example okay we can give all sorts of
these thought experiments proving that
the moral intuition goes the other way
so for example let's say that instead of
a five-year-old and a box of 1000 random
viable embryos it was a box of two
embryos and they were your children
right you were infertile and your wife
was infertile but somehow through a
miracle they've created two embryos that
are your children your only possibility
of having children and they're viable so
we know that they will implant in
fine right that's the premise of his
question so do you save the embryos you
just save the five year old the random
five year old a lot of people would say
save the embryos now because they're
your children that's a moral intuition
doesn't make it right I assume Tomlinson
would say no just because you had a
moral feeling one way or another doesn't
mean that the feeling is justified and
let's make it even easier okay let's say
that you have your five-year-old right
it's your child and it's a five-year-old
now right it's my daughter and she's
three and a half years old and in the
next room there are a hundred screaming
adults and I can only save one right who
do I save my three and a half year old
or the hundred screaming adults most
parents would say they would save their
three and a half year old does that make
that a moral choice okay this is the
premise of every 24 episode ever all
right it's always Kim Bauer that idiot
getting captured and then Jack has to
decide whether to save the entire city
of Los Angeles or is dumbass daughter
right it's it's like the it's the
premise to every ticking bomb thriller
is do you see I mean it's it's
spider-man right Mary Jane is falling
off and spider-man has to save Mary Jane
or he can save the bus full of screaming
children which does he choose and
naturally the producers allow them to
get away with saving both but his
tendency is to save Mary Jane right does
that make it immoral does that is that a
moral decision or is it just a moral
impetus so just because you feel like
you want to save the five-year-old that
doesn't necessarily mean that you're
correct
okay second point on this stupid
hypothetical it doesn't actually reveal
the value of embryonic life so we can
agree with Tomlinson that you should
save the five-year-old's rather than the
box of embryos on a moral level and
still that would not admit that
embryonic life is meaningless it would
just mean that you care more about the
five-year-old life than you care about
the embryonic life whether they're
viable or not in fact we can imagine a
counter scenario where you care more
about the embryonic life than the
five-year-old so let's take a sci-fi
scenario since Tomlinson is a sci-fi
writer let's take the the sort of
Battlestar Galactica scenario okay
the fate of humanity rests on this one
box full of 1000 embryos that have males
and females in them and now there's a
fire on your spaceship and you can save
of screaming five-year-old the only
child or right it's just you and the
five-year-old there are no other people
alive right is that's the end of the
sort of the human story you can save
those 1000 embryos and you can and you
can ensure that they are born from
artificial wombs and they will live and
create a new human species or you can
save this one five-year-old you can both
die alone in the middle of space which
do you do right
again every sci-fi movie ever says you
saved the box of embryos does that mean
that the five-year-old is no longer a
human life right cuz what he's doing is
he's creating a false binary and then
saying whichever one you choose the
other ones not a human life I'm just
giving you a bunch of false binaries and
then said whichever one you choose is
still a human life so clearly that isn't
true I want to give you the rest of the
argument in just a second but first I
want to say thank you to our friends
over at frame bridge comm so if you need
to frame your photos if you are on
snapchat or Instagram if you have a
bunch of photos on your phone you don't
know what to do with them and they're
just going to disappear into the ether
but you know that they'll look great on
your wall the best thing to do is go
over to frame bridge comm it's what I do
we've used it for photos in front of my
family we will do so again that's
because they are awesome you upload your
photo from your computer or directly
from your Instagram feed or if you have
a physical item they will provide secure
prepaid packaging so you can ship it to
them for free and then you can preview
your photo online in any frame style
choose your favorite or get free help
from their talented designers instead of
the hundreds you'd pay at a framing
store for a custom frame their prices
start at 39 bucks and all the shipping
is free the expert team at frame bridge
they got a custom frame it it is ready
to hang at your door in days it is it is
just a great service frame Bridge comm
use the promo code Shapiro you get 15%
off your first order again promo code
Shapiro at frame bridge comm and you get
15% off your first order by the way they
give a happiness guarantee so if you
don't like it then they will make it
right again frame bridge comm use promo
code Shapiro save an additional 15% off
your first or it's already cheaper than
you get it at one of these other frame
retail frame stores go to frame bridge
comm slash ship use that promo code
Shapiro and that will allow you get 15%
off their already inexpensive but
quality we're ok frame bridge comm check
that out promo code Shapiro so they know
we sent you okay so next point on this
on this idiotic argument that the left
thinks destroys all of the of the
various arguments in favor of the
pro-life movement okay most pro-lifers
already acknowledge that an already born
human life takes priority over a not yet
born human life how do we know this
because of the vast majority the vast
majority of religions in fact all that I
know of including Catholic doctrine say
that if you have to choose between the
life of the mother and the life of the
unborn child you choose the life of the
mother this is the in Catholic doctrine
to give a perfect example from Catholic
doctrine because Catholic Catholics are
the most strict on this the doctrine is
let's say that you're a woman and you
have uterine cancer and chemo and
surgery the only way to prevent you from
dying from the uterine cancer and the
side effect of the chemo is that it's
gonna kill the embryo are you allowed to
get the chemo Catholic doctrine says
absolutely and the doctor didn't do
anything wrong
why because we value the life of the
mother and you are not actively killing
the child or passively killing the child
it's it's it's it's a secondary effect
of the chemo that you're trying to do to
save a life the same exact premise
applies in this particular hypothetical
the tomlinson puts for it and finally
the hypothetical isn't reality okay this
is the part that's the stupidest I'm not
even arguing with the hypothetical now
the hypothetical is saying five-year-old
child versus embryos choose when women
get abortions they don't have a choice
between five year old child in the
embryo they are just choosing to kill
the embryo an abortion doctor doesn't
have a five year old child with a gun to
their head in the next room and says ah
save that five year old I'm gonna kill
this baby now instead the doctor just
says would you like to kill the baby and
the woman says yes and they're done so
these so it doesn't hold in any way but
this is what the left likes to do they
post false hypotheticals that don't
actually prove their point and then they
say if you answer me you've proved my
point
well I answered him I'd saved the
five-year-old it still didn't prove his
point for all the reasons that I just
said so I said all the time Twitter and
he basically accused me of being gay and
blocked me so well done Patrick
Tomlinson you've demonstrated fully how
genius you are no one could give you a
straight answer
you are just an epic intellect I'm
stunned by the the fact that no one has
taken taking your genius at face value
okay so in other news there's this
hashtag that's going around on social
media me too
and there are people that I know members
my family who posted on this hashtag me
too about being sexually harassed at
work sexual harassment is awful sexual
harassment is evil it's why I am
supremely careful around women I do not
say I think that you know touching at
the office is inappropriate I think that
you know the the only person of the
opposite sex that you should be touching
other than a handshake is your spouse
this is my view of the matter as a
general matter and it's funny because
the same people who will claim sexual
harassment and yell sexual harassment
say that I'm
prude for saying stuff like this I'm a
prude for saying that you shouldn't
touch other people at the office ooh
prude but then if you touch somebody
else at the office then they say well
that could be sexual harassment okay you
can't have it both ways okay you can
trip on Mike Pence for being super
careful at the office and then suggest
that Mike Pence is sexually harassing a
woman if he if he touches her on the
shoulder you can't say the Joe Biden is
doing just fine every time he gives some
random lady a shoulder rub but Mike
Pence is totally wrong every time he
says he's not going to touch anybody but
his wife one of the problems that I have
with the me2 thing is this there are a
lot of people who are hashtagging me too
and telling their stories of sexual
harassment and sexual assault we need to
have some standards the reason I say
this is not because I don't think it's
valuable and women talk about their
experiences it's fine for women to talk
about their experiences it's good and I
think men should be very aware of the
fact that women are not going to like it
always when they go in for a hug or when
they give them a kiss on the cheek or
when they give them a shoulder rub or
any of this kind of stuff right men
should be aware of all of these things
and be supremely careful as I suggest
however one of the things that I have a
problem with is the supposed heroism of
all of these actresses who are now
coming out and claiming that they were
sexually assaulted but will not name
their accuser so Reese Witherspoon came
out and she's a huge star right one of
Hollywood's biggest stars she says that
she was sexually assaulted in 16 she
says that this is this is what she said
during her speech at L women in
Hollywood she said quote this has been a
really hard week for women in Hollywood
for women all over the world and a lot
of situations and a lot of industries
are forced to remember and relive a lot
of ugly truths I've had my own
experiences they come back to me very
vividly and I find it hard to sleep hard
to think hard to communicate a lot of
the feelings I've been having about
anxiety honest honesty the guilt for not
speaking up earlier says I feel true
disgust at the director who assaulted me
when I was 16 years old and anger at the
agents and producers who made me feel
that silence was a condition of my
employment and I wish I could tell you
that was an isolated incident in my
career but sadly it wasn't I've had
multiple experiences of harassment and
sexual assault and I don't speak about
them very often here's the problem we
have to have some lines here okay we
have to know what it is that it is worth
people losing their jobs and their
careers over and what it is that is
inappropriate and if people are not told
where the line is
how do you expect them to abide by the
line so you can use my line right my
line is you don't get to touch a woman
at the office without her permission
ever right and if you do and if you do
that then you are in serious trouble
right that is sexual harassment
you're doing it without consent however
that is not what modern leftist society
has said on sex right modern leftist
society has said for decades on sex that
sexual looseness at the office is
actually a good thing maybe the woman
would like I mean let's not pretend that
romances have not started at the office
because a huge number of people are
currently living together who met at the
office and started going out and the way
that human touch works is not always a
guy with the checklist coming up and
saying I need you to check every one of
these boxes right when somebody makes a
move it's very easy to do this in the
abstract but when somebody makes a move
very often it is not a move where
somebody says is it okay right now if I
kiss you is it okay if I touch your
shoulder okay that's generally not how
it happens as far as I'm aware and I'll
appeal to the female in the room maker
quite awkward now Jess do you believe
that this is the way that it works in
human relationships that guys typically
ask girls before they kiss them can I
kiss you or hold your hand or have you
had experiences where a guy has just
made a move on you and it hasn't been
the end of the world right it's 5050 and
this is sort of the problem right is
that there's no hard lines with regard
to this stuff and there are times when a
guy will make a move on a girl and the
girl is totally fine with it and there
are times when a guy will make a move on
a girl and she's totally not fine with
it
and because there's no hard line on this
stuff it's hard to know for a lot of
guys where exactly to draw the line now
we can say as I would say that the guy
should ask consent always before kissing
right when when I first kissed my wife
that's actually what I did I said do you
mind if I kiss you no which is not the
most romantic thing to do but that's how
I operate but that is not always how
human relationships work and so I'm
seeing a lot of stories online and in
these me too circles that don't actually
draw the hard line like would you report
a guy for he's drunk at a party and he
and he tries to kiss you would you
report a guy to HR for that is that what
work the guy losing his job someone
wouldn't say yes someone with some women
would say no we need to have some hard
lines of society and figure out where
the line is actually drawn right
apparently the line isn't even drawn an
actual sexual assault in Hollywood right
these women America Ferrera says that
she was sexually assaulted at the age of
nine
she the first time I can remember being
sexually assaulted I was nine years old
I told no one and lived with the shame
and guilt thinking all along that I a
nine year old child was somehow
responsible for the actions of a grown
man I had to see this man on a daily
basis for years to come he would smile
at me waving out hurry past in my blood
running cold my guts carrying the burden
of what he only he and I knew that he
expected me to shut my mouth and smile
back right now Alyssa Milano is saying
some of the same stuff America four is a
big girl now okay like I understand when
you're nine years old not speaking out
about that I get it I understand the
pressure I understand the horror I can
never fully understand because I wasn't
in that position but I I get where she's
coming with now she's an adult that guy
is still preying on young children
presumably why doesn't she say his name
so in Hollywood we well they won't even
say the names okay this is the same
problem I had with the institutional
racism argument is there racism in
American society yes I need a specific
name and a specific example so I can
fight it with you
I need a specific instance with a
specific name so I can fight it with you
or decide whether you are just being
oversensitive with regard to the me2
stuff I want to be on your side I want
to say let's put this rapist in jail I
want to say let's put this sexual
harasser in jail or allow you too soon
but I don't think that we have any hard
standards with regards of this stuff
like I was talking my wife about this
last night my wife is a very beautiful
woman and she's been hit on a lot in her
life as a doctor she has hit on a lot
red she experienced this stuff I'm sure
male doctors don't where patients will
hit on her on a pretty regular basis
like there was the example that she gave
is she was working at the Veterans
Administration and one guy said to her
this is like an older guy probably 60
years old said to her something like
your eyes are so blue and so deep
they're like the ocean and she was like
should I been insulted by that or should
have been sort of complimented by that I
chose to be sort of complimented by it
but I could see being insulted by it and
that's sort of right right the problem
with a lot of this sort of stuff is it's
I'd know it when I see it now I think
there are some obvious hard lines that
are pretty clear and this way I'm very
frustrated with these actresses who are
now big stars and who are leaving
predators in positions of power by not
naming names there is no statute of
limitations to child molestation okay
but the but the fact that that is not
what's happening is a problem and again
I think that we're all on the same side
I think the one we are vague about these
things it actually creates false
divisions that don't exist I think all
good-hearted people want to see men who
sexually harassed called out I think
we need hard standards of what sexual
harassment constitutes what sexual
assault constitutes and it can't just be
that something bothered me 10 years ago
I said nothing about it I come out today
I give a vague reference to being
sexually harassed at work and then we're
all supposed to just say well that
society yes men should be careful yes
men should know as I say hold by my
standard I like my standard the best but
since as a society we have not decided
to abide by my standard apparently since
we've decided it's prudish to abide by
Mike Pence's standard then I don't know
what standard we are supposed to abide
by and I would like for all this is not
a critique this is all of us coming
together and creating a formal societal
standard where we know what's good and
what's bad so that we can target the bad
guys I don't see why that's too much to
ask
that's not anti the me to campaign that
is saying when you say me too how about
you say who did it and what it was so
that we can determine whether it was
something bad enough that the person
should lose their job lose their career
to lose their livelihood and go to jail
is that unreasonable and if we're going
to accuse people of crimes maybe we
should accuse people of crimes okay so
before I go any further along these
lines house want to talk about some
stuff that President Trump said first I
want to say thank you to our sponsors
over at blankest so you don't have any
time today you know any time you're
gonna be in the car for 15 minutes today
you love to read it you love to gain
information and my podcast is already
ended and now you have 15 minutes so
what do you do what do you do well if
we're not living in an abortion
hypothetical what you actually do is you
go over to blink cast calm slash pen and
there you download all of their books
because what they do is they summarize
the main points of all of the
best-selling books in the nonfiction
world it's really terrific it's a way
for you to learn listen I read books
incessantly I read books all the time
already a 600 page book and if you asked
me to give you 15 minutes of material on
the book I probably could not that is
why blankest is so great it summarizes
all of these main points of the book so
that you know them without actually
having to spend the 10 hours reading the
book that you actually might need to
read a 500 page book the blankest app
has 2000 of the best-selling non-fiction
books transformed into these powerful
packs that you can listen to in just 15
minutes
they're really well done I have listened
many of them it is a top app over at
Apple for a reason you can learn
essential ideas in a very short period
of time you can be in the car for an
hour and basically read four books it's
fantastic it's blink astillero and ki
st.com / ben and when you go to / ben
you get your free trial and that free
trial is is for our audience right now
so you can check it out and you can and
you can see how great it is or you can
get three months off of your yearly
plans you can join for a year and you
get three months off of the yearly plans
you get it for cheaper at Blancas comm /
Bennigan's it's blink is calm / Ben it's
pretty awesome and some of the books
that are on there many books that I've
read and spent hours reading things like
flow the power of habit drive Rich Dad
Poor Dad smarter faster better you know
all of these self-help books pop
sociology books that I really enjoy plus
actual hard history books things like
why nations fail to 600 page book can
get in 15 minutes over a blink is calm
so blink is calm / Ben and you got
either that free trial or three months
off your yearly plan when you join today
go check it out and make yourself
smarter
okay so again final word on the me2
thing just to reiterate I think it's
good that women are calling out sexual
harassment in the workplace I think in
order for us to fight sexual harassment
in the workplace two things have to
happen I think me too does one thing but
it doesn't do the other me too makes men
aware that they need to be careful
around women as well they should but
what it does not do is it allows us it
does not allow us to actually target the
guys who have already done bad stuff and
should have known better in order for
that to happen you have to name names
and you have to name scenarios and we
need to know what constitutes the line
that was crossed right like that I I
can't help feeling that some of this is
politicized again I mentioned Joe Biden
look at those pictures of Joe Biden
being really awkward around women okay
and and let me ask how many Democrats
are willing for to say the Joe Biden
should not run for president or should
not have been a senator or should not
have been VP I mean for goodness sake
the the right decide it was fine for
Trump to be president and the left
decided it was fine for Clinton to be
President and both of them have some
pretty nasty histories with regards to
this sort of stuff okay so what I also
want to talk today about the Trump vs.
Bannon war supposedly over establishment
versus non-establishment I don't think
that really exists before I get to that
I want to talk a little bit about a
comment the President Trump made that is
getting all sorts of play today so
yesterday President Trump did a press
conference and at this press conference
he did what he is fond of doing he said
something off the cuff that is that is
kind of that is pretty dumb he was
trying to demonstrate that he really
loves the troops now President
is the kind of fellow who likes to say
that everything that he does is
unprecedented right if you went to the
bathroom he didn't just have a bowel
movement he had the greatest bowel
movement in history no one has ever had
a better bowel movement people it is the
grit no one no Genghis Khan had never
molen okay like it's Andre the Andre the
Giant has never had a bowel movement of
this bag it was huge
huge right so this is just how
everything is phrase for President Trump
he's the only one who has ever done
anything right every hurricane is
unprecedented every attack is is
unprecedented everything he does is the
greatest the best the the brightest the
most incredible the most beautiful most
wonderful the worst the most horrible he
only speaks in superlatives it's
something I've critiqued before well
because of that he gets himself into
some hot water so yesterday he was
talking about how he calls the families
of fallen troops and just by the wayside
he says and I'm basically the only guy
who's ever done that sort of thing
here's President Trump saying exactly
that this is him saying that President
Obama did not call the troops clip eight
the traditional way if you look at
President Obama and other presidents
most of them didn't make also a lot of
them didn't make calls I like to call
when it's appropriate what I think I'm
able to do it okay so a lot of them
didn't make calls I'm the only one who
makes calls that's the implication and
then the White House defended by saying
well it's true that not all parents of
troops were called that's really not
what Trump is saying we all see what the
implication is what Trump is saying
there and now the White House because
everything that Trump says has to be
doubled down upon it's really it's kind
of gross so now the White House is
saying that President Obama did not call
General John Kelly the chief of staff
whose son died in Afghanistan in 2010
they're saying Obama didn't call Kelly
so now John Kelly's gonna be dragged
into this thing again the easiest thing
to say here is President Trump
misspoke of course other presidents
called the families of fallen troops I
think people who are on Obama's team are
right to be angry about this because
that is something that Obama apparently
did do but it's also the sort of thing
more because the media is gonna jump on
it a lot of people on the right are
gonna claim that it's unfair the the
media always has to overstep instead of
making the critique that I just made the
Trump always speaks like this he speaks
in superlatives that put him in a
position of
things that are not true and and frankly
disingenuous that instead of just saying
that instead they have to go completely
overboard Trump's come trumps a cockerel
trumps the worst guy in the world
CNN's FOMA did exactly that last night
boy it's a tough date for the president
how about for the families who accepted
a child or a father or spouse home in a
casket it's not a tough day for them
this guy has the empathy of a cockroach
from the day after his inauguration when
he showed up at my agency my former
agency the CIA in front of the wall of
fallen heroes and spoke about the size
of his inauguration fast forwarding now
what is it nine months and he can't
figure out his responsibility not only
as the commander in chief but as the
consoler in chief is to tell those
families it's not about me it's not
about Donald Trump it's about 330
million Americans saying thank you for
having someone like this sort of talk is
not helpful to the other side so I mean
and I don't give advice to people who
are on the Democratic Left but let me
give you a little piece of advice here
it is not helpful to the American
experiment for you to suggest that Trump
Trump has no no sympathy for the fallen
soldiers all right well you can say is
that Trump is overstepping what you can
say is that Trump lied about President
Obama what you can say is that Trump is
mean when he says that about President
Obama it is wrong for him to impede that
sort of motivation to President Obama
but to go to he has no empathy at all
for the fallen troops is you know
overstepping in the other direction and
this is every every controversy is now
this Trump says something wrong the left
over steps way too far in the other
direction the right oversteps way too
far in the opposite direction and nobody
actually ends up in in the place where
the truth is right the truth is from
said something that is wrong and false
and nasty and instead of just saying
this is wrong and false and nasty people
immediately go - well he hates the
troops like really that's where you want
to go that's the place that you want to
go I don't see why they why people would
do that at all
and it's because of that reaction or a
tendency in politics that President
Trump one really like people say how
could he win in spite of saying things
like this it's not in spite of saying
things like this it's because he said
things like this and the right
inherently believes that there are a lot
of people on the Left who don't care
enough about fallen troops because it's
always easy to embed motivations to the
other side and then the left immediately
claims that Trump doesn't care about the
fallen troops and the right says well
screw you right this is how the game was
played okay and I'll show you the proof
right so here is president Trump
yesterday this is the part about why
Trump won okay so President Trump won
because he was running against Hillary
Clinton end of story okay Hillary
Clinton won the press
for Donald Trump there's a hilarious
peace bag over at Newsweek saying here's
how we could still make Hillary Clinton
president or I think the actual title
was here's how Hillary Clinton can still
enter the Oval Office and I tweeted she
can she can wrap herself in a box and
Mail herself there I mean that's the
that's the only way that she's gonna get
in but in any case you know Trump says
and he's correct that Hillary who's been
very supportive of these people kneeling
for the national anthem in the NFL
that's why she lost when you take in a
sheet well that's why she lost the
election I mean honestly it's that
thinking that is the reason she lost the
election when you go down and take a
knee or any other way you're sitting
essentially for our great national
anthem you're disrespecting our flag and
you're disrespecting our country okay so
he's right about this and this is why
Hillary Clinton is not the president
today it's this reactionary stuff right
Hillary Clinton feels like she has to
react to Trump so she sides with the NFL
players and then Trump smacks her this
is why Trump is president and Hillary
Clinton is not and this is why he's
begged her basically yesterday's actual
kind of money he begged her to run again
yesterday
I hope Hillary please run again can't
you know that is that is certainly what
he desperately hopes okay so let's talk
a little bit about the the other ski
other sort of controversy that broke out
around president Trump yesterday this is
the one that's making all the headlines
the reason I didn't start the show with
this is because I think it's really
overblown and I'll explain in just a
second but first I want to say thank you
to our sponsors over at Zeile so one of
the things I always say on the show is
there are some things in life where you
don't have to spend a lot of money to
feel like a wealthy person one of those
things is a great massage okay you don't
have to spend a ton of money and that is
certainly true over at Zeile so Zeile is
a service that actually sends a masseuse
to your home they bring in the table
they bring the oils they bring the
soothing music and they turn your house
basically into a spa it is fantastic
I've used it personally my wife has used
it both my parents have used it my
in-laws have used it my sister has used
it this is a service that it makes for a
fantastic gift for if you just want to
surprise somebody then send the masseuse
to them
as a gift and there's nothing more
relaxing so zeal is just fantastic
I think 9000 licensed masseuses that
with a massage table and music and
everything just fantastic and again you
don't have to make these reservations
like days in advance okay sometimes it's
like an hour in advance go over to zeal
comm and that's where you can make these
reservations and right now to help you
get started our listeners get twenty
five percent twenty five dollars rather
off their first massage by using the
promo code been at check I get twenty
five bucks off your first massage when
you use promo code been at checkout it
ze e L right ze L calm or you can get
the seals iPhone or Android app and make
sure you click to add promo code at
checkout and use my code Ben get $25 off
your first in-home on-demand massage by
the way if you sign up for their massage
membership you get 20% off all your
massages plus a free massage table and a
sheet set that's a three hundred and
eighty dollar value yours for free and
there's no initiation fee to join the
membership just this great additional
savings on top of the twenty five dollar
discount you're gonna get when you use
promo code Ben again use promo code Ben
and you can either get that twenty five
dollars off your first massage or you
can get 20% off all massages plus the
free massage table and sheet set $380
$380 value yours free when you get a
zeal massage membership again that Cee
Elcom ze Elcom or their iPhone or
Android app and use promo code Ben at
checkout it really is top-notch stuff
it's really fantastic okay so yesterday
the war broke out between Steve Bannon
and Donald Trump now the reason I make
light of this is because I don't
actually think Steve Bannon is a
particularly important figure steve
Bannon is a proxy for the the money of
Robert and Rebecca Mercer right that's
all
okay Steve Bannon is their political
guru the Mercer's spend a lot of money
on politics they spend a lot of money on
Ted Cruz and Donald Trump in the last
election cycle and so they are funding
some of the people that Bandhan says
that they should fund
now what Bannon is smart about is he's
not gonna pick I don't think he's gonna
make the mistake anymore of picking
primary challengers who are bad
candidates or who don't already have
momentum or who wouldn't win anyway in
other words I think that Trump is going
to pick winners and I think I mean
Bannon is going to pick winners and then
he's gonna claim that he is responsible
for their victory that's basically what
happened in Alabama so Bannon went down
to Alabama he campaigned for Roy Moore
over Luther
strange in the Republican primary down
there roy moehner is gonna win anyway
Roy Moore is one of the most famous
people in Alabama politics I knew his
name long before he was running for
Senate in fact if we want to be specific
about this
Breitbart I believe backed the guy who
finished third in the original primary
they backed a congressperson who
finished behind both Luther Strange and
Roy Moore in that primary down in
Alabama in the first round and then they
backed Roy Moore and supposedly was
Breitbart that drove him to victory or
abandon that drove him to victory I
don't think that's right I think Bannon
is smart enough to jump on a bandwagon
that's already moving forward so Bannon
is trying to claim that he is now
leading the populist movement he's
leading the trumpet's movement and Trump
is not leading the trumpet's movement
only Steve Bannon can now again do I
like Steve Bannon no I think he's a jerk
do I think that Steve Bannon is capable
of doing something like leading a
movement I don't
Steve Bannon from what I know of him and
I've said this openly is a guy who
basically has glommed on to power for as
long as I've known of him he climbed on
to Sarah Palin he climbed on to Sean
Hannity he glommed on to Dick Morris he
glommed on to Michele Bachmann and
glommed on to Andrew Breitbart and then
he glommed on to Trump the idea that
that Bannon is a is a the engine of a
movement rather than a barnacle on the
movement I don't think is is actually
fair but what I do actually appreciate
about what Steve Madden is doing is I
think a lot of the people who he's
actually backing are good people and
better than some of the incumbent
senators that he's running against so
Bannon is trying to pose himself as this
leader of a movement which I don't
actually think is true here is him
talking about the supposed populous
revolt that is in the works
this populist nationalist conservative
revolt that's going on that drove Donald
Trump to victory that drove Judge Moore
to victory that will drive 15 candidates
to victory in 2018 okay so this idea he
said a lot of words in a row there and
the words have no relationship to one
another populist nationalist
conservative what does that even mean
what does that even mean like I assume
he said he would he would back Ted Cruz
and remor and Mike Lee they have very
different views of politics those three
the idea that these are all part of a
populist revolt is not
basically here's what's happened in
American politics since 2010 there's
been a vast backlash against Obama and
the Obama movement not based on race not
even based on excess spending but based
on a generalized anger at the way that
politics has been done people feel like
they're cut out of the loop
okay the Tea Party movement started long
before Steve Danon was even involved at
Breitbart right Breitbart wasn't even
around in 2010 when the Tea Party
movement really started big government
was big big Hollywood was but Breitbart
comm only got started as one cohesive
website in 2012 I know I was there the
idea that that Breitbart is the moving
force behind the populist nationalist
movement there is no populist
nationalist movement there's a bunch of
people who are tea partiers and who are
now voting for a set of disparate
candidates the way that this is more
thanks to Trump is that Trump was just
the latest masthead on the ship that has
had many mast-heads rights had Cruz was
on the masthead originally the then he
was at the prow of the ship in 2012 I
remember because over Breitbart I was
backing Ted Cruz over David Dewhurst in
the in the Texas State primary for for
the Senate seat you know the the it's
had other faces to this this Tea Party
sort of insurgency the idea that that
Bannon is the head of that or that Trump
is the driving force in the ship is not
true Trump was just the temporary prow
of the ship Bannon is not a temporary
proud of the ship whoever as the prow as
the prow Bannon is just a guy who's
picking some people and directing Merson
money toward them which is fine but I
think it's easy to overestimate the
lengths to which people are going to to
to exaggerate this conflict these
so-called establishment forces
anti-establishment conflicts these terms
have no meaning that I can spot except
for a feeling and I'll explain that
feeling in just a second but for that
you're gonna have to go over to Daley
wire comm for $9.99 a month you can get
daily wire calm that means that you will
get our website with only the banner ad
no more ads it means that you get the
rest of my show on video live it means
you get Andrew Clavin show on video live
starting at 10:30 it means you get
michael Knowles's show on video live at
12:30 it means that you get to be part
of my mailbag on Fridays you get to ask
me questions it means that when we do
the conversation which is coming up at
today with Andrew Clavin right it's
coming up at 2:00 p.m. Pacific time
today daily wire is Andrew Clavin and
Alecia Krause are gonna do a Q&A all of
the mysteries of the you
verse will be answered when that happens
you will be able to ask a question so
it's gonna be broadcast live on Facebook
or YouTube but you're only gonna be able
to ask Andrew a question if you remember
so for $9.99 a month you can become a
member which is awesome for 99 bucks a
year you can not only become member you
can also get the annual membership which
is cheaper than the monthly membership
and this leftist here is hot or cold
tumblr the greatest of all possible
tumblers take off your relatives and
enjoy drinking their their bodily well
the safe bodily fluids their tears make
sure that you can you can do all of
those things with your leftist tears
hot or cold tumblr which is just awesome
or go over later to YouTube but please
subscribe to our YouTube channel we
always appreciate that we always have
great content coming out or go over to
SoundCloud iTunes leave us a review
always helps our ranking we appreciate
it we are the largest fastest growing
podcast on the conservative side of the
aisle in America
so the band and Trump thing broke out
into the open yesterday because the idea
is that Bandhan is on one side primary
people and Trump is on the other side
opposing the primaries nonsense nonsense
Bannon has a particular idea of and just
like a lot of us do by the way I'm sort
of unbanned inside of this argument vana
has a particular idea of who are
candidates who are worth backing in
primaries and Mitch McConnell has a
separate idea of which candidates are
worth backing in primaries and Mitch
McConnell would have back David Dewhurst
in Texas instead of Ted Cruz presumably
who would have backed whoever was not
Rand Paul in that primary but you know
there are differing opinions on
basically who should be the senator but
that's more an attitudinal thing rather
than a positional thing or it's more of
an attitude rather than a position the
idea that Mitch McConnell is the
quote-unquote establishment Steve Bannon
is not the establishment you have to
show me where they differ on policy and
what are they actually different policy
I know it's kind of a hard question and
a surprising one
as when you think of Steve and anything
oh he must really disagree with Mitch
McConnell on policy does he he
encouraged President Trump not to get
rid of death in the first place did he
do for Mitch McConnell on that he and
Mitch McConnell were on the same page on
health care so did they differ on that
they're on the same page on taxes
basically do they differ on that except
the Bandon is more left manon wants to
increase taxes on higher earners do they
disagree on foreign policy they may but
that really isn't the purview of
Congress they don't disagree on funding
the military so where exactly do they
disagree this is why I say it's more
attitude than it is anything else
which is why Trump is president and Ted
Cruz isn't right it's more about the
attitude that best channels the
conservative anger best channels the
anger on the right than it is about a
set of populist nationalist ideas or any
of this kind of nonsense and what this
now comes down to is the varying
personalities now you may have noticed
that I really dislike the politics of
personalities I think the personality
matters I do I in character matters but
I dislike this idea that you backed
Trump because Trump has an attitude but
you don't back Mitch McConnell cuz Mitch
McConnell doesn't have the right
attitude
here's the question who is best at
pushing the conservative agenda some
people will say Trump I would say what's
the evidence some people would say
McConnell I would say what's the
evidence right some people will say Ted
Cruz I'd say there's more evidence for
that than either but that is not that's
the real question who's best at pushing
the ideas that you want pushed rather
than who is the guy who most Apes the
style that you think is is fun to watch
right who's the guy who punches and
yells or versus who's the guy who's
quiet and talks like a turtle like who
cares I don't think that matters all
that much unless it has an impact as to
the efficacy of pushing a particular
point of view the way this is broken
down therefore is you have Steve Bannon
who's very loud and says a lot of stuff
and pretends he's Darth Vader and Mitch
McConnell who is a turtle and then in
the middle you have Donald Trump who has
sort of attitudinal affinity to Steve
Danon but who knows that Mitch McConnell
is the guy who actually has to get his
agenda done and that's really how this
is breaking down so here is Donald Trump
saying listen we're not getting anything
done but I'm not gonna blame me and it's
because from feels like nothing's
getting done and that he's tempted to
blame McConnell but we're not getting
the job done
and I'm not gonna blame myself I'll be
honest they are not getting the job done
we've had health care approved and then
you had a surprise vote by John McCain
we've had other things happen and
they're not getting the job done right
so he's not gonna blame himself so who's
he blaming blames McConnell and then he
would go on to say that he knows how
Steve Bannon feels about primary people
again it really isn't about Ben and it's
really about Mercer money but there is a
danger right so this is the this is the
game I'm analyzing the game here so here
is Trump saying that he knows how bad
and feels about about primary people I
know how he feels it depends on who
you're talking about there are some
Republicans frankly that should be
ashamed of themselves but most of them I
tell you what I know the Republican
senators most of them are really really
great people that want to work hard and
they want to do a great thing for the
American public but you had a few people
that really disappointed us there is
Trump basically saying he sympathizes
with Ben but then Mitch McConnell was
whispering in Trump's here going on
President Trump if you lose the majority
because we primary a bunch of people who
are gonna win general elections then
you're not going to do anything if you
lose the house in 2018 they'll impeach
you so that is it so that's what
McConnell did they did it they did a
lovey-dovey sort of press conference
yesterday between McConnell and Trump
attitudinally the two guys couldn't be
more different but Trump needs McConnell
and McConnell needs Trump and so that's
how this shakes out and that's why you
have Trump saying that he likes
McConnell right so this is Trump's new
shtick is that he likes McConnell even
though he clearly aids him my
relationship with this gentleman is
outstanding has been outstanding we are
working very hard to get the tax cuts we
will continue to work hard to get the
health care completed ok so again this
is the reason that I'm bringing this up
is because I think that the media
narrative is not true the media
narrative is its establishment versus
anti-establishment O'Connell versus
Bannon that's not really what's
happening here what's happening here is
that Steve Bannon wants to be perceived
as the head of a movement that he is not
the head of he's gonna pick some
candidates like Chris McDaniels in
Mississippi who came very close to
knocking off thad Cochran in Mississippi
and then he will back him McDaniel
probably went anyway and then he will
proclaim himself leader of the movement
and then after that you will see there's
a lot of repercussions is a slap against
McConnell it's not really a slap against
McConnell this has been part of
something that's been going on for a
very long time it's been about a base
feeling that McConnell does not fight
hard enough so he must have more
senators who fight harder but it's not
about populist nationalism or any
ideological conflict or any of that it's
a little more messy than that it's about
attitude rather than policy okay quick
time for things I like and then things I
hate so a quick thing that I like
there's a book that I'm in the middle of
right now that I'm really enjoying by
Thomas West it's called the political
theory of the American Founding it is
heavy reading okay it's not easy reading
but it is about the idea that
Aristotelian ancient thought informed
the founders view of America this is a
pretty abstruse debate in conservative
circles which is did founding philosophy
break with ancient thought about from
Aristotle about the vet what what man
was created for or does it drive with
that right is the natural rights
theories of the founders are they
disconnected from the idea of Aristotle
that human beings have a purpose that we
can discern or is it connected deeply to
that in other words our rights connected
to duties that's really what it's about
so Thomas West is making me is is
pointing out that the founders truly
believed in duties they just didn't
believe that it was the government's job
to impose those duties on other people I
agree with Thomas West general premise
here okay time for a quick thing that I
hate cuz we're running short on time the
quick thing that I hate is that Jane
Fonda is back and better than ever
or worse than ever as the case may be
Jane Fonda if you recall all the way
back to the 1960s and 70s she went over
to Vietnam and she posed on a North
Vietnamese gun that was actually aiming
at American planes and then she
proclaimed herself a patriot she says
she has no regrets about any of that
and then she says that she is not proud
of how America is today infamous
photograph of you with the anti-aircraft
weapon
I wonder if still inside you there's a
there's a sense of regret about I don't
regret going to Vietnam the United
States was bombing the dikes of North
Vietnam earthen dikes
in the Red River Delta if the dykes had
given way according to Henry Kissinger
somewhere around 2 million people could
have died of famine and drowning and we
were bombing and it wasn't being talked
about and I thought well I'm a celebrity
maybe if I go and I bring back evidence
and it did stop two months after I got
back so I'm proud that I went it changed
my life all for the good I'm asked a
simple question I are you proud of
America today no you want to know why
again we don't have to continuously do
why is Trump president but this is why
Trump is president okay the reason the
president Trump is president is because
you have a woman who posed alongside
people who are attempting to murder
American soldiers and she's saying that
she's not proud of America today if you
have to choose between Jane Fonda and
Donald Trump people are gonna choose
Donald Trump it's that simple okay we'll
be back here tomorrow with more
breakdown of the day's news and politics
we'll be in Tennessee when I'm giving a
speech at University of Tennessee
Knoxville
I believe it's sold out already if it's
not you can go over and and check it out
over at the Yap website and then give
you some ticket information you may be
able to buy a scalped ticket I've seen a
few of those on sale in any case I look
forward to seeing all you there and
seeing you then I'm Ben Shapiro this is
the Ben Shapiro show
