all right President Trump and Mitch
McConnell they've been at each other's
throats for weeks and then suddenly they
give this wonderful a really stunning
press conference here's just a taste and
then it ended with this long sloppy kiss
it was just embarrassing for everybody
but but you know the funny thing is is
the press the media is now so immersed
in this hatred that they didn't even
really cover the press conference
they're just spewing craziness so they
missed the whole thing also we have dr.
Jean twinges with us today she's a
professor of psychology she's written a
really interesting book called ijen why
today's super connected kids are growing
up less rebellious more tolerant less
happy and completely unprepared for
adulthood and the last one that that was
true of me I don't know about that but
that's like everything else really
interesting combination I've read her
stuff very interesting woman we will
talk to her but first trigger warning
I'm Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Clavin show
we need also sing see Topsy Lord is a
bit easing it's a wonderful
and the not only is the mail back
tomorrow so you get to ask if you are a
subscriber you get to ask all your
questions I will answer them all
personal questions religious questions
political questions my answers are
guaranteed a hundred percent correct and
will change your life
on occasion for the better but if you
don't want to wait for that this very
afternoon 5 p.m. Eastern 2 p.m. Pacific
I am doing the conversation with Alicia
Krause so Alicia and I will be sitting
there live you can see us let's see how
do you see it's Daily wire Facebook page
and the YouTube channel anyone can watch
but only subscribers can ask questions a
lousy 10 bucks a month I will solve all
your problems for you I mean look in the
mirror you know I'm just saying I'm just
saying look in the mirror and it doesn't
have to be like this for a lousy 10
bucks a month you can ask me questions I
will answer them it will change your
life also while you're changing your
life you should also be changing your
air filters my crappy segue I take it
back I take it back you know here's the
day we're having another heat wave here
I hope is only gonna last for a couple
of days but it's like 90 yesterday was
like 95 where I was it's insane it's
October and it was just boiling and that
means you're stuck inside I'm stuck
inside with the air conditioning going
all the time and suddenly you say to
yourself you know I should probably
change the air filter and then your wife
says what's an air filter you know an
air filter is the thing that is in these
devices in your houses it keeps the dust
levels down it keeps some of the
allergens out it really keeps you
healthier indoors Americans spend 90% of
their time indoors where concentrations
of pollutants are two to five times
higher than they are typically outdoors
and if you suffer from any kind of
breathing problems asthma allergies
stuff like that so so I have found that
through filter easy you can solve this
whole problem the whole problem the
problem with air filters is remembering
to change them and getting them changed
right so at what the average homeowner
does is he changes his home air filters
one to two times a year but the
you should really change it is four
times a year this this will give you a
physical reminder that it makes having
clean air in your home easy because they
deliver it right to your door you don't
have to worry about the hassle of
storing extra filters you won't ever
forget to change the air filters in your
home again they deliver the exact size
home filter to your door when it's time
to replace we had this huge thing
outside yet we had to install because
they said you won't need you won't need
air conditioning no put in the air
conditioner I'm so glad we did but you
got to keep the air filters changed save
5 to 15% on home air conditioning cost
by keeping your air conditioning and
heating systems cleaner and you save on
maintenance of your air conditioner
obviously because you're filtering it
out you can get started today filter
easy calm is offering all Andrew Klavan
listeners their first delivery of
standard one-inch air filter for free
with free shipping that's a good price
that is really a good price never forget
to change your air filter again visit
filter easy calm / clayvin or enter
promo code clayvin on the home page KFI
LT note que la VA n at filter easy.com
it's important stuff do it right now
I'll wait no I won't but before we get
into this press conference I have got a
talk I've just got to talk about the
press itself because the press is now
like in a fantasy world of hatred
we had Knowles on yesterday talking
about NBC I'll get back to NBC in a
minute first fry our friends at Project
Veritas James O'Keefe who's been on the
show does this great undercover work
he's basically doing the job the
journalists won't do and he's gone after
the New York Times and they keep making
excuses every time he gets another one
of their editors saying yes we hate
Trump it's like wow he's not important
she's not a port Maggie Haberman they're
one of their big reporters were saying
oh the New York Times plays it straight
down the middle and here's the thing if
you work if you think the New York Times
plays it straight down the middle you
are what my friend John Nolte calls
bubbled thumb because these people
people work for the New York Times they
are not stupid people they're not below
IQ people but if you are just surrounded
by people who agree with you all the
time you become Stu
because you don't understand the bigger
picture you just think your prejudices
are reality so James O'Keefe one of his
undercover reporters caught a an editor
named Desiree Shu is that her name
Desiree yeah Shu she's a senior staff
editor on the home page in the New York
Times and she just admitted basically
that their reporting was trying to keep
Trump from getting elected and then she
says something really interesting listen
carefully to see what's so interesting
about this she says it's hard to portray
the president in an unbiased light of
concerning Charlottesville when the
words that are coming out of his mouth
are apologetic toward white supremacist
which is what they were now we've
already proved that they weren't I
brought in the transcript of what he
said and they keep saying oh he said
there were great people on both sides
meaning great people among the white
supremacist but that is not what he was
saying he was saying there were great
people among those people who are trying
to preserve the statues and didn't want
statues turned down put tore down and
since I am a person who thinks we should
leave the statues up and I'm definitely
not a white supremacist said of any
stripe you know he's obviously right
there aren't they're great people like
me like my you know like personally me
but but that was fascinating about that
she doesn't even know it's a lie she
doesn't even know it's a distortion and
it's just one way of looking at it so
she can't tell that they're biased she
doesn't she says she understands that
it's biased to report the story so the
Trump is a bad guy but she feels the
Trump is such a bad guy that how can you
not be biased so the New York Times is
you know a former news
paper they have basically stopped doing
journalism but but fortunately don't
worry about them because they have found
something else to do with their staff
here is I am NOT making this up an
actual video the New York Times made of
their staff going on to their new
careers now that they have abandoned
journalism
I'm just a Broadway baby
42nd Street
Broadway baby
learning how to see
waiting for that one big chance like us
please like us this is the newspaper
that is selling communism they're doing
this thing called red century I've
talked about it a lot because it's just
insane they're self telling writing
articles about how women had greater
dreams in Red China you know if you
there's a book a wonderful wonderful
book if you ever want to really call
Wild Swans about three generations of
women in China and which shows just how
big their dreams were their dreams were
get me out of Red China that was their
big dream and they have this other thing
about how sex was better for women in
the Soviet Union I mean it's insane but
they can sing Sondheim I mean they
really built out that's long time so
before we get back to this this press
conference also you know Knowles was
here yesterday talking about the
corruption at NBC and it really is
corrupt I mean it's it's amazing not
just the silence at the cone of silence
over the Harvey Weinstein story shutting
down SNL pulling jokes out of Saturday
Night Live not letting the late-night
guys do their jobs making Al Michaels
apologize when he made a Harvey
Weinstein joke at during one of the
football games it didn't matter because
no one's watching the football games
anymore
but they made him apologize you know
that and and we talked about the fact
that they're the ones who released the
Access Hollywood tape a convenient two
days before the second presidential
debate with Trump saying all those
disgusting things about the way you know
women would let you treat them if you're
a star and all this stuff but but NBC I
just had I have to play this this is on
the Today Show on NBC's Today Show this
is their feature on how wonderful
socialism is in Denmark I mean it this
is so this corrupt these people who are
silencing news they're silencing news
they're silencing their entertainment
they're making sure everything is
Democrat everything is left-wing and
they're selling you socialism listen to
this 40 years Denmark is ranked as one
of the happiest places
it's not a coincidence that people are
happy here here no job is less than any
other Allan Christiansen works just five
hours a day but earned the same as a
schoolteacher on a scale one to ten how
happy are you I would say maybe eight
yeah
ambition is not celebrated no matter
what you do you're no better than
anybody else and while some studies show
the average American clocks in over 50
hours a week here on average there were
37 hours mothers don't have to worry so
much about childcare and Denmark you get
a year off paid paid and there's a
feeling here in Denmark that nothing too
bad will ever happen to you the Danes
trust their government okay enormous lee
high taxes every Dane is born with the
right to free health care free education
through college comfortable retirement
they're free to pursue a job that meets
their passions and their interests now I
could go on for the entire show about
everything that's wrong with this
article about the fact that you know not
celebrating ambition what kind of
society are you actually going to get
judging people by whether they're happy
which is a very weird judgment what does
that mean to be happy you know you're
happy when things are going well you're
unhappy when things are going badly you
know the other thing I don't know if you
ever saw the musical rent in rent there
these two it's about the AIDS crisis and
they're always singing this song about
how they're going to Santa Fe and
everything's going to be great in Santa
Fe I can't even remember how the song
goes
so that is the way guys like Bernie
Sanders talk about places like Denmark
and Sweden everything is perfect there
you know there's this guy Michael Booth
he's a British journalist but he lives
in Denmark and he wrote this book about
you know he's saying it's a nice place
to live listen I don't mean to insult
the Danes Hamlet was a little offbeat
but most of them Danes I'm sure nice
people beautiful country all this stuff
but the quality of the free education
and health care is substandard they're
way down on the educational rancors
rankings they have the lowest life
expectancy in the region the highest
rates of death from cancer their
economic model isn't cannot be sustained
it's all oil it's all about oil they get
a lot of oil in dent Denmark and Norway
they do they don't treat it like the
Arabs treat it where they just keep it
in their hands the petrol dollars in the
hands of a few or the Russians where
they keep their petrol dollars in the
hands of a few tyrants they do spread it
around so good for them but ultimately
the oil starts to when the oil prices
drop you get Venezuela that's what they
did in Venezuela you know so it's like
plus plus by the way they don't let in
anybody that any immigrants so it's just
this lie you know it's a lie and I don't
mean to run them down the other thing is
you know what else the denmark's can't
afford to do they can't afford to
protect denmark the reason that denmark
isn't one of the Union of Soviet
Socialist Republics is because we
protect these countries they are
dependent on our armed forces to protect
them and we spend the money on that we
spend the money on research and
development that their health care
people don't spend you know that's why
we pay so much for medicines and things
like this it's just all an illusion with
cars and mirrors basically Europe and
Scandinavia live in our garage they're
like old people living in there's kids
garage complaining about how their kids
makes their money and it's just that I
just wanted to point out that that is
what the press is selling you and
they're corrupt all right so Trump comes
out and he gave a press conference about
all this things about how well he and
McConnell get her on obviously like
politicians do they're getting together
to make a push on tax reform they don't
want any personal feud to get in the way
but during the press conference Trump
was asked about the fact why he hadn't
gotten in touch with the families of
four US soldiers I think they were Green
Berets who were killed in Niger October
4th the Taliban killed them and so here
he made this remark and this is just a
little part of the press conference but
I want to bring it up because of the
press reaction do we have that cut the
traditional way if you look at President
Obama and other presidents most of them
didn't make also a lot of them didn't
make calls I like to call when it's
appropriate when I think I'm able to do
it they have made the ultimate sacrifice
so generally I would say that I like to
call I'm going to be calling them I want
a little time to pass I'm going to be
calling them I have as you know since
I've been president I have but in
addition I actually wrote letters
individually to the
soldiers were talking about and they're
going to be going out either today or
tomorrow so the press I mean the the
left goes nuts and of course here's just
like an example all right
several form of a AIDS of Obama weighed
in immediately former White House deputy
chief of staff Alyssa Mastromonaco
called it an effing lie to say Obama and
other past presidents hadn't called the
families of fallen soldiers
he's a deranged animal she said play
that you know Donny Deutsch was on TV
he's a commentator I'm playing this not
because it's offbeat I'm playing it
because it is typical of the reactions
instead of saying no I haven't called
him and I'm gonna call them basically
did the reprehensible disgusting
soulless thing callous thing of lying
that these past prints hadn't done it
this is did we elect the worst person on
this planet no I'm like every time you
think he can't go low
I prayed they want to cry I want equates
in that way it's not this is not about
politics and he's he there's something
so deeply wrong evil soulless about this
person that's got his hand on the switch
and now all of the articles say Trump
makes a false assertion that Obama did
he didn't say that he never did he said
that he would be he didn't always they
don't presidents don't routinely call if
they couldn't possibly they write them
form letters that are personally signed
they have all done this everything he
said was absolutely in keeping it seems
like it seems like it took him a little
long like if they were killed on October
4th it took him oh he said the letters
are going out but it seems like it maybe
he didn't get to it fast enough I mean
that's that is you know unfortunate if
that's true but this instance this is
the hatred that just came through
bubbling bubbling up so anyway this
whole thing the whole press conference
was interesting to me because it's
basically an answer to Steve Bannon who
is way James you know Steve Anna's
always thinks of everything as war he's
waging war against the GOP establishment
and he's gonna primary everybody he was
at that Values Voters the Family
Research Council does this Values Voters
but Bannon was heir and he was giving a
fiery speech about how you know he was
gonna take back Congress from guys like
Mitch McConnell and he by primary them
with you know his own candidates and
here's just a part of that speech you're
free men and women in the greatest
Republic in the history of Earth and and
why are we nationalists it's not as
known a tional ism these guys can run
that drill all they want its economic
nationalism it doesn't matter what your
race is your ethnicity your gender your
religion your sexual preference it
doesn't matter does not matter as long
as you're a citizen of this Republic
that's what matters
economic nationalism is what binds us
together economic nationalism and
understanding we're gonna bring those
jobs back it's not the second law of
thermodynamics why they left
there's no inexorable law that took
those jobs to Asia in those factories to
Asia and left us with gutted communities
of opioid addicts
so that's Bannon you know on the warpath
against what he calls the GOP
establishment I just want to point out
though that this value voters summit the
Family Research Council was deemed a
hate group by the Southern Poverty Law
Center a hate group that has dedicated
itself to calling conservatives hate
groups and a lot of the press on you
know just in this theme of press hatred
a lot of the press was like banner cos
Trump was also there Trump and Bannon
speak to hate group Trump is first
person to speak speak to hate group all
baloney I mean there are conservative
Christians I don't agree with everything
the Family Research Council says but
they are conservative Christians just
putting forward that point of view they
are not a hate group in any way and you
could hear them applauding these are
conservative Christians when Bannon is
saint doesn't matter if you're gay
doesn't matter where you come from
doesn't matter who you are what color
you are they're applauding they're
saying yeah that's right you're an
American alright we got a break but
mailbag is tomorrow conversation is a 2
p.m. Pacific 5 p.m. Eastern we don't
care about you Easterners but this is 5
p.m. Eastern if you want to hear the
rest of the Today Show you got to come
over to the Daily wire calm if you want
to watch the whole thing on The Daily
wire calm and ask your questions and
have questions in the mailbag have
questions in the conversation you got a
subscribe it's 10 lousy bucks a month
and if you subscribe for the year it's
only a hundred lousy bucks you can save
20 lousy bucks plus you get elected
tears at tumblr that is a lot of lousy
bucks we'll see over the Daily wire calm
okay so it's your sweater like a jump
jump before the thing about Trump is
Trump is becoming a politician but he's
just he's so blunt that he's not really
as good at being a politician it's some
of these more subtle guys and sometimes
the bluntness is great sometimes it's
not so great but before lunch he was
asked about Bannen being on the warpath
okay so this is I guess the first yeah
the first one is number two Steve is
very committed he's a friend of mine and
he's very committed to getting things
fast I mean look III have you know just
met with the press writes I have great
relationships with actually many
senators but in particular with most
Republican senators but we're not
getting the job done and I'm not gonna
blame myself I'll be honest they are not
getting the job done we've had health
care approved and then you had a
surprise vote by John McCain we've had
other things happen and they're not
getting the job done and I can
understand where Steve Maddens coming
from and I can understand to be honest
with you John I can understand where a
lot of people are coming from because
I'm not happy about it and a lot of
people aren't happy about it okay so he
understands what this is before lunch
with Mitch McConnell he understands
where Bannen is coming from and he's
really annoyed at the Congress and it's
not his fault it's the Congress's fault
then he has lunch they kiss they talk
they play footsie under the table then
after lunch they ask him this is an
amazing press conference by the way well
let's just play this after lunch they
ask him and he changes his tune just a
little bit it's cut for I have a very
good relationship as you know with see
Ben and Steve's been a friend of mine
for a long time I like Steve a lot Steve
is doing what Steve thinks is the right
thing some of the people that he may be
looking at I'm gonna see if we talked
him out of that because frankly they're
great people so now he's gonna talk to
Steve Ben and maybe help out Mitch
McConnell a little bit this was an
amazing press conference by the way
because it was in it was 40 minutes long
and the press he just left the press
shout questions at him for 40 minutes
and answered every question the guy is
he's the most transparent president in
my memory I mean I've never seen a
president so open to
talking to the press and it was fairly
it was fairly friendly I mean it was not
the press screaming that way they
sometimes do and it was not Trump
insulting them constantly it was it was
pretty pretty friendly so mitch
mcconnell's stepped up to and they were
both you know now Trump is just loves
Mitch McConnell and I should play the
cut of Trump number nine this is Trump
saying now we're the greatest of friends
now it must have been a fantastic lunch
I mean it's but we've been friends for a
long time we are probably now despite
what we read
we're probably now I think as least as
far as I'm concerned closer than ever
before and the relationship is very good
we're fighting for the same thing we're
fighting for lower taxes big tax cuts
the biggest tax cuts in the history of
our nation okay so now to the best of
friends and Mitch McConnell got up and
he had the big thing about Ben and that
he just didn't think he pointed out that
when they sent up the Tea Party
candidates last time they all got
smushed because what happens with Tea
Party candidates is they can win in
Congress where you're trying to win a
small constituency normally kind of
homogeneous all the people in that
little area you know have the same kind
of politics but when you send them up on
the national stage trying to win in the
Senate especially it becomes much harder
and so Mitch McConnell listen to how
Mitch McConnell actually sounds a little
like Trump here you know the goal here
is to November back in 2010 and 2012 we
nominated several candidates Christine
O'Donnell Sharron Angle Todd akin
Richard Murdoch they're not in the
Senate and the reason for that was that
they were not able to appeal to a
broader electorate in the general
election my goal is the leader of the
Republican Party in the Senate is to
keep us in the majority the way you do
that is not complicated you have to
nominate people who can actually win
because winners make policy and losers
go home
we changed the business model in 2014 we
nominated people who could win
everywhere we took the majority in the
Senate we had one skirmish in 2016 we
kept the majority in the Senate so our
operating a pro
we'll be to support our incumbents and
an open siege to seek to help nominate
people who can actually win in November
I like that winners make policies losers
go son it's just like Trump and and
we're gonna talk more about this but I
want to bring dr. twinge on now but Jean
twinge is a professor of psychology the
author of ijen why today's super
connected kids are growing up less
rebellious more tolerant less happy and
completely unprepared for adulthood have
I got you
doctor 20 yes hi how are you doing thank
you thank you for coming on I you know I
I read I have have not read the entire
book but I read the excerpt in the
Atlantic and it's a really fascinating
study the first question I want to ask
you though is a little offbeat
how do you stop how do you go about
studying a generation well you go to the
really large national surveys that are
done every year of teens and entering
college students and they're asked
thousands of questions you can get a
really good gauge on how they spend
their time how they're feeling their
attitudes and their politics compared to
previous generations at the same age so
you can take age out of the equation
because these surveys go back to the
1960s and 70s so you get a snapshot of
boomers Xers and Millennials looked at
it looked like when they were teenagers
as well as what I Chen looks like these
days and so you found basically that
something big happened I mean you have
said that most generational changes are
kind of glacial kind of slow but there's
been a sudden shocking very Swift change
what was around 2012 he said yeah that's
right so I've been looking at
generational differences for about 25
years so in the past decade or so that's
meant these large national surveys and
that's right around 2011 or 2012 there
were some really sudden changes in how
teens spent their time and in their
mental health so their time when they're
not in school their leisure time sweat
away from spending time with their
friends in person and toward spending
more time on their phones and a
community communicating with their
friends electronically then right around
that same time
loneliness started to spike depression
started to spike
I started more than started to say that
they were unhappy and dissatisfied with
their lives
Wow that dramatically and and and you
link this to the iPhone is that is that
right yeah so you know these changes in
mental health were pre sudden I in my 25
years of doing this I got used to seeing
more gradual changes so it's really
unusual to see such a sudden change and
it just so happens that 2012 was the
year when the percentage of Americans
with a smartphone crossed 50% so that
made me think it might have something to
do it at that a Great Recession was over
by that point things for improving in
terms of the economy and that encouraged
me to go look in these data sets and
other researchers work to see if there
was a link between spending a lot of
time on screens and unhappiness and
depression and sure enough there was so
the book is called I Gen Y today's super
connected kids are growing up less
rebellious more tolerant less happy and
completely unprepared for adulthood by
Jean Twenge
let me ask you let's go through those a
minute less rebellious why would an
iPhone make you less rebellious well
obviously the iPhone has been one of the
major shaping forces for ijen that's why
I called them i Gen however it's not the
only thing that has influenced them so
in terms of being less rebellious they
are very very interested in safety and
that is more than likely primarily due
to the way their parents have raised
them they were the first generation to
ride in car seats until they were 12
they didn't wat call and walk home from
school their parents protect them very
carefully and perhaps as a result they
are very physically
and also concerned with something that
they called what I interviewed them
emotional safety which for example they
don't want to talk to someone else you
might upset them by maybe having
different views that that's that is
appalling obviously we see this on
university campuses all the time people
shouting down speakers who they disagree
with but but some of this some of this
just from reading your work seems kind
of wholesome I mean they're dating later
they're not having as much sex you know
they're they're talking you say that
instead of dating they go through a
phase called talking where they're
texting each other I guess some that
some of it sounds before I get to the
other part of it someone that sounds
kind of actually not so bad
no absolutely so many of these trends
are very good obviously having a
generation of kids and teens and young
adults who are physically safer is
wonderful them being less likely to date
and have sex that is part of a larger
picture that teens are growing up more
slowly which is kind of counterintuitive
you think oh they have access to so much
information on their phones they they
that must mean they're growing up faster
but when you look at what they're
actually doing they're growing up more
slowly so I Gen teens for example by
spring of their senior year in high
school
are less likely to have their drivers
license work at a paid job go out
without their parents date have sex and
drink alcohol so as a parent you can
look at that and say oh they're having
sex less and drinking alcohol less isn't
that wonderful and of course it is but
that misses if you're just focusing on
good or bad you missed the larger
picture that what's really happening is
they're just taking longer to grow up
because getting a driver's license and
not working in high school is that good
or is that bad it's sort of both but all
of those things have in common that the
things adults do and children don't that
are milestones of adolescents and I Gen
teens are doing those things later
that's that's very interesting because
you're saying it's a complex I mean the
same thing now the same thing is true
seems the next thing in the title of the
book I Gen Y today's super connected
kids are growing up less rebellious more
tolerant less happy and completely
unprepared
for adulthood but you say more tolerant
and yet you say that they are wary of
people who will say things that upset
them how do those two things seem to be
in conflict to me how can be more
tolerant also unable to hear conflicting
views right so that's one of the other
complex things about our current culture
and about ijen so in terms of Tolerance
if you look at teens and young adults
over time I Jen really stands out in
particular compared to previous
generations in their attitudes toward
gays and lesbians say their support of
same-sex marriage and you know other
issues around that in terms of race and
gender you look over time obviously
attitudes around race and gender has
shifted and I Jen reflects those but if
you just take a snapshot right now in
the past few years there's not a huge
generation gap there boomers and Gen
Xers Millennials ijen all you know kind
of have the same level of acceptance and
tolerance around race and gender it's
really LGBT issues where I gen stands
out but there is that interesting
contradiction that although they have a
high degree of tolerance based on group
membership that level of tolerance
doesn't always extend to issues around
free speech political beliefs and so on
so although you get a generation who
says oh you know that's who you are you
should be who you are that's cool they
are some certainly not all some are less
willing to accept the idea that for
example a university is a place where we
should be able to discuss our
disagreements and learn about viewpoints
other than our own that's that's
interesting I mean it's almost as if
their tolerance were created by looking
at life in a kind of fuzzy way so you
don't have to ask questions about
anything I mean I've I've always been
all my life I've been very accepting of
gay people and you know all kinds of
people but I do believe is it's a fair
question to ask whether the ways and
which we interact sexually or moral or
not I think that that's a discussion
that people can rationally have and
whether religion hasn't any effect or
just teleology or anything like that so
it's almost as if they manufacture their
tolerance through not asking any
questions well you know that's one way
to look at it I think a lot of this
comes back to that idea of safety I
think a lot of it too comes back to
again this switch to electronic
communication in favor of in-person
face-to-face interaction if you have a
generation of teens now who just doesn't
have as much experience talking to each
other face-to-face it's been filtered
more through social media and through
texting where it's not real-time and you
can think about what you're going to
write and curate you're in it and and
face to face sometimes there's this fear
there of what if somebody says something
that I disagree with and I get upset you
know how am I going to handle myself in
the moment they don't have quite as much
experience doing that because during
their teen years they spent a lot less
time hanging out with each other in
person okay now I'm getting a little
short on time so I have to put these
last two together less happy and
completely unprepared for adulthood you
know that's not when you start to read
when you read the title of the subtitle
of your book ijen that is not where you
think it's going basically you think
yeah so why are they less happy and
unprepared for adulthood yeah so the
happiness shows up as part of the trends
in mental health where depression
anxiety and unhappiness really started
to peak right around 2012 when there was
this tipping point toward electronic
communication on the phone and away from
in-person social interaction and then
the completely unprepared for adulthood
part a little bit of hyperbole of course
it's a book title but that is the
downside of teens growing up more slowly
is there's a lot of advantages to it
it's very good that we have teens who
are not growing up before they're ready
drinking as much having sex as much as
teens but because they're not going out
as much and less likely to drive less
likely to work at a paid job that also
means more
are arriving at college and at their
first jobs without as much experience
with independence and that means you can
have some problems so university
administrators for example have observed
that there's an increasing number of
students who can't make a decision
without texting their mom I know I'm not
supposed to text my mom when I make you
know there are so many more questions I
would like to ask you I hope you will
come back on they're really interesting
introduction to this book by Jeanne
twins TW en GE i Gen Y today's super
connected kids are growing up less
rebellious more tolerant less happy and
completely unprepared for adulthood and
what that means for the rest of us
dr. twinge thank you for very much for
coming on I hope you'll come back there
are more questions I have to ask of just
out of time all right thanks a lot
you know really interesting and it kind
of leads me back to what I wanted to
talk about about this this Trump presser
is all this talk about the Civil War and
Bannon and all this this these things
Trump Trump was also at this Values
thing and he he was asked at this
presser this is a long cut but I want to
play it he was asked about the
possibility of Hillary running for in
2020 and his answer is first of all
trumpian and hilarious I mean when when
Trump becomes Trump there's nothing
funnier in politics he is hilarious and
he just eviscerates her but you can see
he's actually considering this and
thinking out loud listen to what he says
I hope Hillary please run again
I think she's look when they take a knee
there's plenty of time to do knees and
there's plenty of time to do lots of
other things but when you take a knee
sheet well that's why she lost the
election I mean honestly it's that
thinking that is the reason she lost the
election when you go down and take a
knee or any other way you're sitting
essentially for our great national
anthem you're disrespecting our flag and
you're disrespecting our country and the
NFL should have suspended some of these
players for one game not fire I'm
spending them for one game and then if
they did it again it could have been two
games in three games and then for the
season you wouldn't have people
disrespecting our country right now and
if Hillary Clinton actually made the
statement that in a forum sitting down
during the playing of our great national
anthem is not disrespectful and I fully
understand why she didn't win I know I
look there are a lot of reasons she
didn't win including the fact that she
was not good at what she did but I will
tell you that is something that I had
just heard about and I think that I
think that her statement in itself is
very disrespectful to our country I mean
that that is a brilliant trumpian moment
I mean that is trumpet is trum piaced
and you could hear them trying to cut
him off they don't want him to go on and
this is you know you watch watch CNN
watch Don Lemon do an interview when
that kind of truth comes down the pike
they lose the connection at CNN just all
we have a technical difficulty we law I
mean every single time you could hear
them trying to cut them off they don't
want to let him he's the press in the
United States you let him finish a
sentence Obama used to go on and on and
drone and drone and filibuster they
never interrupted him
but they're desperate to try and stop
him because this is the key to the Trump
presidency and by the way is it cynical
you bet it is I mean you know Trump
knows he's got he's on the he's caught
the tail of the dragon and he's gonna
fly it right here I just want to play
this one last cut this is not at the
press conference this is him at the
value voters summit now he's talking
right this is this guy who goes who
spent his life grabbing women he's been
divorced married and divorced we know
he's cheated on his wives
this stuff and remember when they would
ask him during the election about God
and he knew nothing about the God or
religion or all stuff now he's talking
to these people and they love him they
love him
and he's playing them like they're a
fiddle listen to this in America we
don't worship government we worship God
the American founders invoked our
Creator four times in the Declaration of
Independence four times how times have
changed but you know what now they're
changing back again just remember that
we are stopping called the attacks on
judeo-christian values you know we're
getting near that beautiful Christmas
season that people don't talk about
anymore
they don't use the word Christmas
because it's not politically correct you
go department stores and they'll say
Happy New Year and they'll say other
things and it'll be red they'll have it
painted but they don't say well guess
what we're saying Merry Christmas again
people the reactions of people at this
thing here's Pat Flynn from Catholics
for freedom of religion it's like a
cloud has lifted when Obama was in
everything was sad nothing was good now
look look at the smiling faces look at
people getting jobs again another this
no this is still Flynn sorry we tried
nice guys we had John McCain Mitt Romney
they were nice smiling at everybody but
they couldn't beat Hillary Romney I mean
come on the only thing people remember
about him is that he tied a dog to the
roof of this car but Trump is that he's
moving the Overton Window you know
you've heard of the Overton Window right
this is what the it's the window of
acceptable conversation what is is
acceptable to say and he is moving the
window back to where it's traditionally
been back to talking about patriotism as
if it were a good thing remember you
know the how uncomfortable they were
during the Bush years uncomfortable the
press was was saying
the word patriotism Katie Couric's at
all I'm uncomfortable with patriotism
I'm uncomfortable saying the word God
talking about Christmas you know and is
there's an element of cynicism and Trump
yes but I do believe there's also an
element of affection for these people
you know Bill Kristol who has been the
never Trumper ever he said he put out a
tweet today I like Gorsuch and it's not
just Gorsuch anymore it's an entire
panoply of kind of conservative judges
the Trump has been appointed but he says
I like Gorsuch I like to certify in Iran
the Iran deal I like leaving UNESCO
Trump started got it got out of UNESCO
cuz they're anti-semitic but all those
victories are not worth the degradation
of our public life that is the Trump
presidency I mean it's like champagne
conservatism you know I mean this is
something this is something that Trump
is doing that is bringing in the minds
of the people and I think you're gonna
start to see it in his approval ratings
as the people start to see that these
ideas can win and you know I have all
kinds of problems with Trump his
cynicism his rudeness all this stuff but
but this needs to be done this is
something that has to happen
sexual follies
so Ross Douthat who is the kind of
conservative columnist on knucklehead
row at the New York Times and he's a
Catholic and that's what makes him so
there's there's conservatism there is
talking talked about the 70s after the
Harvey Weinstein thing came out and he
was talking about how during the 70s you
know it was really the height of the
sexual revolution and he says you can
look at it through the statistics that
were never so many divorces in the 70s
never so many abortions as in the 70s a
much higher rate of rape and STD crisis
that culminated in the AIDS echod act
the AIDS epidemic and he says you know
you can see that you can see in the
exploitation just in in terms of
narrative in terms of stories about the
70s the drug enabled exploitation of
kids a grimly horrifying scale he says
much of rock and roll's groupie culture
was a spree of statutory rape with the
gods of rock and roll as serial the
flowers of girls who were really young
in the same era any of anything-goes
hollywood's roman polanski had good
reason to regard sodomizing a
thirteen-year-old as what they let you
do when you're a star and you remember
Harvey Weinstein put out this statement
when he was talking about why he was
raping women and cornering them and you
know touching himself in front of them
and asked him to give him massages and
watch him shouts well I came of age in
the seventies his excuse you know and do
thoughts says you know things have
gotten better
you know people as we just heard from
dr. twinge people you know young people
having sex less all this stuff but he
says but let us not congratulate
ourselves too quickly there are ways in
which we have passed from arrows to
Thanatos to death from the chaos of
unrestrained desire to the stability of
senescence our era is less overtly
sexually destructive in part because
we're giving up on sex itself retreating
into pornography and other virtual
consolations in the 1970s people left
their marriages because they believed
some higher fulfillment awaited in the
2010s they marry less have less sex once
married and have fewer children opting
out of promiscuity and procreation both
abort
rates are down but suicide rates are up
really interesting and I want to talk
I'm gonna go a little little long here
I'm reading a biography of the poet
Shelley it's a huge book I've been
reading it for weeks and weeks and weeks
and I always like to read about the
Romantic era because it was very much
like our era and you know it was it was
there was an era of revolution it was
the French Revolution came first then
that revolution failed as our 60s
revolution kind of failed and in England
especially there was a reaction of
conservatism as we had Ronald Reagan we
had the Reagan years but as that you
know that that held off the revolution
but the liberalism and the leftism came
in slowly you know over time and as
Shelley was when Shelley was a poet the
English were very trying very hard to
stamp out the revolutionary impulse by
censoring people by putting people in
jail if they wrote anything that seemed
revolutionary and Shelley was a radical
I've always disliked him as a human
being because of his radicalism and
because of his sexual promiscuity which
caused so much death and destruction all
around him he was a genius poet I mean
he would have any some of these poets if
they only lived for like the five days
in which they wrote their great poems
because they would jot them down oh yes
I saw the west wind blowing I wrote down
this poem and it'll be ode to the west
wind one of the most beautiful poems in
all of literature Shelley believed in
equality between the sexes and in free
sex and as a result of this he
constantly was getting people pregnant
not just Mary Shelley Oh Frank his line
he left his wife for Mary Shelley and
she committed suicide because he
abandoned her with their children Mary
Shelley's children would die Shelley
would impregnate her half-sister and
that child would die pregnant in a maid
and she would die and the that child
would die he left a swath of destruction
you know I'm very opposed to abortion I
simply believe it's killing I think
there's no just no getting around it but
I understand I do understand that there
is something in the impulse to make
women and men equal to make their lives
equal to make
sexual lives free this has been in
people's minds since Adam and Eve
two-piece free sexually to be equal
sexually to be the same and the the
thing that gets in the way are these
darn babies you know they get in the way
because when you have sex with women
they do this weird thing where they
start to reproduce that is you know this
this unavoidable unavoidable consequence
even with birth control it still happens
and so the impulse toward abortion is
not an evil impulse in itself it is just
so desperate to get to this freedom to
get to the sexual freedom to get to the
sexual equality that it basically
resorts to killing killing the most
innocent the weakest the most helpless
person one person in the room who can't
protest the one person in the room who
has no vote who can't go before Congress
and tell his or her sad story the mother
who says oh if I had only had an
abortion my life would have been better
can go and tell her sad story on the
news and make you cry but the baby whose
life has been snuffed out he can't do
that he's been silenced he's never had a
voice so so all I want to say is this
idea that creativity and rampant
sexuality are connected may be true
there may be something to it but the
rampant sexuality has this moral problem
it has like the speed of light it has a
place beyond which it cannot go and
unless we talk about that instead of
using these stupid terms like women's
reproductive choice women's sexual
health all these stupid terms they use
to stop from using the term abortion to
keep from using the term killing unless
we can talk about to each other to
people who are pro-life and people who
are pro-abortion what it is we're
talking about we're talking about
freedom and the price of freedom and
when that price becomes too much to pay
it would be a real change to hear that
conversation to hear a conversation
about the basics and until we do will
just remain stupid about sex as we have
been since the Garden of Eden
all right the conversation is coming up
at two o'clock here let me I'll give you
one more read
here conversation is on the daily wire
Facebook page and the YouTube channel 2
p.m. Pacific 5:00 p.m. Eastern I will
answer all your questions live well
solve your problems live but anyone can
watch but you have to be a subscriber to
ask the questions
so get your lousy ten bucks in right now
and we'll see you tomorrow for the
mailbag get those questions in as well
you do that by going onto the podcast
page and there's a button that takes you
right to where you ask your questions
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show and we will see you at 2
p.m.
