the Clavin 'list weekend is over yes
finally it was hell especially for me to
be without myself for three days was
just an absolutely you know all I read
about all weekend long was the press
saying that last week was Donald Trump's
worst week ever I guess it's his last
week worst week which was the week
before that and obviously if you can't
trust the press who are you gonna trust
like some lunatic raving on the street
oh that is the press sorry
I just took him for a schizophrenic but
actually and when you when all the fake
news clears away last week was actually
kind of amazing
it was an amazing Donald Trump week and
we're gonna talk about that and we have
the inimitable michael knowles at least
i can imitate him and somebody else
maybe can do a great knowles but it the
impossibly inimitable michael knowles
i sent him off to cover corruption at
NBC and he's here today i don't know why
they sent me his pants with fish wrapped
and i don't know what that means but
sorry about all that meanwhile trigger
warning i'm andrew Clavin this is the
andrew Clavin show
raiveer ah and not only is the Clavin
'list weakened over but tomorrow we will
have a double dose of Clavin that's like
it's kind of like that coffee that I
drink in the morning it's like wait a
spoon will stand up and it'll just be so
much Clavin you'll be like running
around like a cat I'm catnip for running
up the walls our second episode of the
conversation comes up on Tuesday at 5
p.m. Eastern 2 p.m. Pacific and I will
be there with Alicia Krause which is why
I showed up actually because they told
me Alicia was gonna be there if it was
just gonna be me I wouldn't come all of
the mysteries of the universe will be
solved on all of your life's questions
will be answered what we do is on the
daily wire Facebook page and YouTube
channel and anyone anyone can watch I
mean the lowest of the low can watch but
if you subscribe for a lousy 10 bucks a
month you can actually ask questions and
all my answers are guaranteed correct
and will change your life possibly for
the better so it's kind of like a what
is it an hour is that yeah so it's like
like basically a big edition of the
mailbag if you subscribe for a year it
only cost you a hundred lousy bucks plus
I come on you get the leftist tears
tumblr what else what else could you
want while while you are watching the
conversation Tuesday 5 p.m. Eastern 2
p.m. Pacific wherever I am yeah with
while you're watching this left is tears
month tumblr will actually fill up while
I'm speaking it will fill up with left
us tears yes they you get a cold you're
not whatever you want and and I won't
have run out in the middle of the
conversation to go to the post office
and you may say why why can you do that
how is it possible that you can talk for
a straight hour without stopping getting
in your car driving to the post office
waiting online hoping that you know the
thing is open and get back in time to
finish the conversation it's because I
use stamps.com that you knew that
probably some of you guessed
stamps.com brings all the services of
the US Postal Service or
right to your fingertips you can buy and
print official US postage for any letter
any package any class of mail using your
own computer and printer it actually is
cool you put the envelope in your
printer maybe it's just cool to me maybe
everybody else is so like hep to the
jive and that they know but it's cool to
me that you can put your envelope in the
printer just comes out with a stamp on
it and stamps comm makes it easy they'll
send you a digital scale which
automatically calculates the exact
postage and they'll even help you decide
the best class of mail based on your
needs you got to use this thing I use it
because I'm just not gonna stop my day
to go to the post office they do a good
job but it's just too takes too long
so right now you too can enjoy the
stamps comm service with a special offer
that includes a four week trial plus
postage and a digital scale without long
term commitments go to stamps comm click
on the microphone at the top of the
homepage and type in clayvin stamps.com
enter clayvin KLA you were gonna ask
right i knew you were gonna ask is que
la VA and stamps com
you never got to go to the post office
again so watching the news now is like
living in a left-wing fantasy world it
is just like an entire made-up place you
know yeah last week they were going on
and on about this is this is Trump's
worst week ever this is such a terrible
week from so Molly Hemingway whom we
love at the Federalist she runs she
edits the Federalist but she looked at
Abby's quoting the Washington Post The
Washington Post headline was Republicans
it's time to panic
this columnist Michael Gerson wrote the
senator bob Corker this is the big thing
you if you haven't been paying attention
to this bob Corker of the republican
tennessee
you know big time senator lots of big
committees and all this he who's been
attacking Trump and the press of course
is falling all over them the press loves
you when you attack Trump and that's
they get what they call a strange new
respect they hate Republicans until
Republicans are attacking each other
then they say you know the this is a man
universally respected suddenly suddenly
and corker was making all these comments
like it's a you know the place is out of
control and he's gonna start World War 3
and all this stuff Morning Joe so helped
me spent two solid days talking about
the 25th amendment
I'm serious it's like a fantasy world
there's like living in their fantasies
the 25th amendment provides that I think
the vice-president has to initiate it
but you can get rid of a president who
can't do his job be sick if he's in a
coma
you know if he's donald trump like one
of those one of the i think they
actually those are the things they list
it's like in a coma fantasy version of
this they actually mentioned donald
trump but then your cabinet has to go to
the you know to the Congress and the
Congress has to vote on it it ain't
gonna happen and by the way it's
basically useless because if the if your
cabinet starts to actually say this
about you in fire precedent served the
president's pleasures they fire me get
somebody won't say it about you but Joe
Scarborough two days just just take an
individual there's just a quick snip of
Joe Scarborough selling the 25th minute
which he did two days in a row have you
got this yeah there's something called
the 25th amendment that they're going to
have to start looking at this is not
acceptable as as the status quo when you
have the most powerful Republican on
Capitol Hill saying the president the
United States could be leading us toward
nuclear war and Republican senators
remain silent let's pray for some
courage because they certainly have been
warned you totally we're praying for
courage that they're gonna up end the
election I mean can you imagine like not
one person has talked about the 60
million people with pitchforks and
torches who would be out on the mall the
next day I mean this is it's it's just
this fantasy world so the other fantasy
and Molly talks about this too with the
Federals they the other fantasy is that
everything is in chaos
obviously Trump is a chaotic guy Trump
is a guy who generates chaos he yells at
people he's obviously got a he's a big
personality kind of he's been living on
reality TV so everything he touches
becomes reality TV so the the press has
been relentlessly running these stories
remember when everything was Russia
neither do I I mean I've totally forgot
Russia is completely off off the map but
remember every day was Russia and Russia
said this
and a guy who knew Russia somebody who
saw From Russia With Love is now as an
anonymous source and everything you know
whatever they could find somebody who
read a John Locke or a novel once was
hanging out with Donald Trump and it was
just all this garbage which is now gone
I mean it's got they keep hoping it'll
come back
they keep praying that this is gonna get
him impeached something like this it's a
complete nonsense source and now the
nonsense story is about the chaos
everybody's getting fired and the big
one was tillers did Tillerson call Trump
a moron and here's my opinion of course
he called him a moron television is a
big guy Trump is a big guy they probably
call each other names all probably a lot
worse names in want so Tillerson is too
cool to lie but he doesn't want to
answer the question Jake Tapper has him
on this is this you know here he is on
CNN Secretary of State and tapper asks
him the question until erson gives us
long long answer he says I'm not gonna
do this I'm just not gonna answer the
question and it goes on and on and then
talks about the he talks about the
administration what they're doing and
all this stuff
then tapper comes back to it and this is
how he uses this time so this is cut
number three when you don't answer the
question it makes people think that you
probably did say it but either way
whatever happened it is serious so can
you please clear it up as I said Jake
I'm not playing these are the games of
Washington these are the destructive
games of this town they're not helpful
to anyone and so my position on it is
I'm not playing I'm not playing you want
to make a game out of it I'm not playing
I'm not making out of it I mean I'm just
trying to see clarity because saying
that if I said that my boss was a moron
that would be a serious issue it
wouldn't be and my boss doesn't control
nukes I'm willing to move on but I just
want to be clear you still haven't
denied that you called him a moron and
you know a lot of people are gonna watch
this and think he probably said it
I'm not dignifying the question with an
answer Jake and I'm I'm a little
surprised want to spend so much time on
it when there's so many important issues
around the world now I have to tell you
I was a reporter I was a reporter Boston
newspaper and in radio
reporters do this all the time they you
try and convince the guy that is in his
best interest reporters are a little
like cops this way he try to you know
convince the guy that it's in his best
interest to answer your stupid question
which you obviously are gonna blow up
underneath him like you know it's your
eye trying to get him to hoist himself
on his own petard does anybody know what
that means
no to avatar yet petard was an explosive
device and if you blew yourself up with
it you hoisted yourself on your own
petard that's just a little side note I
thought you might be interested but but
the thing is reporters do this all the
time it would really be in your best
interests if you would tell me this fact
that you don't want anybody to know that
I will then use two excoriate you in the
press okay because if anybody actually
Tillerson actually said yeah I call them
on moron what do I care if he's lip
right you know that we'd never ever ever
hear the end of it it's the same as when
cops say to people get it off your chest
you'll feel better they put you in jail
for 25 years the life you know and that
doesn't feel as much betters you kind of
thought it would you thought it was
gonna feel better but 25 years to life
is too long so anyway this is the this
is the thing that the press is
absolutely focused on nevermind
substance never mind what's going on in
legally in terms of new legislation to
in terms of new regulation none of that
it's all this stuff so john kelly the
you know the chief of staff and the
former and in general comes out and
surprises the press at a press
conference at the usual press conference
he comes out and talks them and he tries
to be a little charm he says I'm not
getting fired you know nothing is
happening this is his one complaint
listen to this my only frustration with
all due respect to everyone in the room
is when I come to work in the morning
and read about things I allegedly said
things that mr. Trump allegedly said or
people who were going to be fired or
whatever other thing and it's just not
true
that's my frustration I mean no
disrespect you know but everything you
say is a lie I mean obviously like I
said this guy is a chaotic guy there's a
lot of noise a lot of sound and fury but
let's talk about what really happened
last week
okay let's brush all that away what
really happened last week Trump started
to tame the EPA got rid of this clean
power plan okay and the thing about the
clean power plan is that the EPA has
been running riot against business and
especially against the coal industry and
the way they do this is they declare
like they'll declare the you know
particulates that come out of producing
coal and burning coal they'll declare
them absolutely lethal and Congress will
say well how do you know they're lethal
and they'll say well you know we did a
study and Congress this is absolutely
true Congress will subpoena the study
and the EPA won't turn it over and so
they've done other studies it's not you
know it's not absolutely lethal
obviously there's always going to be
some pollution coal is probably not you
know even clean coal is probably not the
cleanest thing you can use and but still
this was just an attempt to destroy an
industry that they don't like the left
doesn't like and the EPA has been out of
control and this was the right thing to
do they they started to pull this back
you know I mean this is this is
definitely an improvement I mean it was
one of the things that Trump is doing
that is great
he ended illegal subsidies to the
insurance companies what's happening
with this is these companies Obamacare
is such a mess that these companies
can't afford to pay out thing you know
when you say to an insurance company
who's supposed to insure you against the
possibility that you're gonna get sick
and you say to them well you have to
cover people who are already sick
there's no business model there that's
not a business model that's fascist
business fat you know communists take
over businesses fascists just tell the
business what to do and then blame the
business when things go wrong that's
that's the that it literally is a
definition one of the definitions of
fascism that's what they do
so these subsidies that they were paying
out to insurance companies were
completely illegal the Constitution says
you have to legislate you know well how
would it be if Trump just said like you
know I'm gonna build the wall and then I
don't care what Congress says I'm just
gonna build the wall these were
completely illegal so he ends them and
now the insurance companies are in
trouble and they're scrambling so here
just this is just to give an example of
how the Left reacts this is a Democratic
Senator Chris Murphy from Connecticut
you know what what does this mean for
everything and I'll tell you what it
really means this is the equivalent of a
health care arson he is literally
setting the entire healthcare system on
fire just because the president is upset
that the United States Congress won't
pass a repeal bill that is supported by
17 percent of the
American public these subsidies going to
the insurance companies help very
low-income people afford insurance and
without the subsidies there will be many
people who won't be able to provide
insurance and afford it and the other
set of subsidies that go to individuals
to access coverage will actually
increase meaning that the deficit goes
up the amount of money that we spend
overall in the Affordable Care Act goes
up because all that happens is the
payments that used to be going to
insurance companies now get substituted
with increased tax credits for
individuals to afford the coverage the
fact of the matter of the is the
president is trying to sabotage the
American healthcare system trying to put
a gun to the head of our constituents by
taking away their health care or raising
their costs in order to force us to
repeal a bill that the American public
doesn't want us to repeal so it's a gun
to your head it's arson he's setting
things on fire he's blowing things up
what happens now what happens now is the
Senate will now have to figure out what
to do because they didn't weren't they
were doing this illegally did you you
didn't hear the word Constitution once
there you didn't hear the word legal
once there all Trump did was in
something that was being done illegally
and now the Senate will have to figure
out what they're going to do about this
that means that that means that there's
they're trying to put together packages
to basically repeal and replace
Obamacare Trump has forced that Congress
now what does the president mean by
going to Congress the passed laws what
the hell is going on in this country
this man is an autocrat he is a tyrant
how can he force Congress to do its job
it's the same thing with Iran the same
thing with Iran he said he would not
certify the Iran deal and the thing is
this is a ran deal is such a bad thing
it is so bad but one of the reasons it's
bad is because Barack Obama remember
Barack Obama used what did he do yeah
he's something it's hard to always
forget him I can't remember what he
looks like because his legacy is just
kind of a drifting mist floating away on
the winds of change but Brock Obama was
not a dumb man and he set this thing up
so we gave Iran all this money we pulled
off the sanctions that remember we're
the Western world was basically as one
delivering these sanctions against Iran
but we knew the
Europe is dying to do business with Iran
so that they're never going to come back
on board they're never going to come
back on board these sanctions and all
this did was it meant that Iran can
continue their nuclear research but they
can't do it in a way that immediately
applies to weapons and then the whole
thing sunsets and they build a nuclear
bomb I mean they could have a nuclear
bomb tomorrow because all they have to
do is buy North Korea would be happy to
sell them what they've got but this this
just you know I guess it slows them down
but it's the same deal you know nikki
Haley was on and she pointed out this is
exactly what Clinton did with North
Korea listen to listen to what she's
talking about
everybody is turning a blind eye to Iran
and all of those violations out of
trying to protect this agreement what we
need to say is we have to hold them
accountable
they can't be continuing to support
terrorism around the world like we are
saying they do they can't continue to
test ballistic missiles which will lead
to a nuclear Iran they can't continue to
do arm smuggling and that the way that
they're doing are we really ready to
have them because you're saying you you
believe that there are other dangers
posed by Iran but right now remaining in
the deal is in the national security
interest the United States I think
that's why you saw the president as
staying in the deal he's saying to
Congress can we make it better what else
can we do so that we can better protect
Americans and I think that his
engagement with Congress is something
that never happened under President
Obama they were never allowed to debate
it they were never allowed to discuss it
so now Congress is going to be fully
engaged on the threats of Iran these are
all lessons learned from North Korea
every single one of them see this is the
other thing
Obama set this up and Congress let him
do it which is really criminal but they
they they set this up this is a treaty
they keep calling it the Iran deal it's
a treaty and it should have been voted
on by Congress and it wasn't all this
unconstitutional stuff this is what
really bugged me well once again he's
pushing this back to Congress and all
the gray heads are on the sunday shows
and they're all saying oh you know
Congress isn't gonna do anything for six
months then we're gonna be right back
where we started and all this I mean
once again Trump is asking Congress to
do its job - right to justify and
examine this treaty and there's nothing
good gonna come out of this treaty
except maybe a delay
maybe a slight delay in their
acquisition of new nuclear weapons where
whereas and I agree Iran is not gonna
negotiate a second why should we have
the treaty at all I don't understand why
should we have the treaty at all what
Trump is basically saying is he's
readjusting our foreign policy to
preventing Iran from having a nuclear
war so what bob Corker says he's gonna
push us to World War three all these
sophisticated gray heads have been
sitting here for 20 years while North
Korea has slowly gone building his bomb
and now they're sitting here where Iran
slowly goes ahead building its bomb and
as long as it's not happening today
somehow everything's okay and when Trump
says you know what we really better stop
this is oh my god its World War three I
don't buy it I don't buy it you know he
did a lot more or less week I'm only
getting started but I want to get to
Michael Knowles also want to talk to you
about upside because of the upside with
upside because you know the thing is if
you belong to a big company like we're
like this is a major major media company
this is oh I see oh do we
we basically the own Sherman Oaks
basically Sherman Oaks is was one big
Daily wire building but if you want so
if you point to a company like this you
just have a higher department where you
go in and they arrange your travel for
you if somebody says hey we need you to
go to you know New York it's all set up
here's your ticket you're gone you have
somebody can call if something goes
wrong if you don't get the seat you want
if somebody can call but if you're in a
small business see you need upside comm
because that's not upside comm we'll do
all that stuff for you for instance if
you don't like your room you can call
them if you don't like you know your
seat on the plane if you don't have
Wi-Fi buying a business trip it up
site.com
is a triple win and here is why number
one upside has the absolute best
available prices for flights hotel and
rental cars and you don't get that as an
individual and you don't get as a small
business win number two is that upside
will reward you with a gift card to
places like amazon.com every time you
buy a business trip another thing that
happens at a big company is they you
know you get rewards for using certain
companies you get this with upside comm
number three is the amazing they call it
six star treatment you'll get from
upsides customer service specialists
they call them navigators and what
happens is if you get on you say your
flight is delayed for two hours
and you call the navigator navigator
will arrange for you to have
complimentary access to the executive
lounge I have to tell you I use these
all the time they make traveling so much
better they really do you can always get
in touch with one of these guys and and
they're just always accessible by voice
chat email or message on the up side app
even reaching out to you with useful
info to help you avoid a problem before
it happens I will start your up side six
star treatment right now go to up side
calm and use my code Andrew and you'll
get a minimum hundred dollar gift card
to amazon.com that's code Andrew this
helps us as well as them because they
know that I'm the one who's sending you
so go on use the code Andrew for a
minimum hundred dollar gift card to
amazon.com when you buy your next
business trip at upside comm upside calm
you deserve a better business trip
minimum purchase required and see the
site for complete details we got Michael
Knowles coming up to discuss the
corruption incredible corruption at NBC
but we got to say goodbye to Facebook
and YouTube you can still go to the
daily wire calm and listen to the show
if you want to watch the whole show and
on the daily wire calm so you don't have
to jump back and forth subscribe it's a
lousy ten bucks a month and you will get
to ask questions at the conversation
which is tomorrow it is tomorrow 5 p.m.
Eastern 2 p.m. Pacific it's me and
Alicia Krause we will answer every
possible to solve all the problems of
your life that your life will be a
better thing after tomorrow so on daily
wire facebook page and youtube channel
anyone can watch it but you got to
subscribe to ask questions come on over
to the daily wire calm all right have
you got knowles show me knows i somehow
made it back from the pits of the
mainstream media when I sent you out to
look at the corruption of the mainstream
media I expected there to find your
bottle in a barrel of lye the woman's
March was a walk in the park compared to
what they tried to do to me over in DC I
could see us like here me and Shapiro
sitting around he was a good kid knowles
too bad
when after NBC so I wanted you to look
at this because I mean basically I heard
this guy joke Concha talking about that
the hill is a really good media reporter
and he was just talking about the fact
that Harvey Weinstein this major major
Hollywood scandal is being covered
everywhere except at NBC that's right
and Concha did a great piece on this
there was this sort of question in my
mind they always Gaslight us a little
bit and I wondered why isn't NBC
covering this everybody is covering this
why won't NDC and they said well Lorne
Michaels at SNL said well it's a New
York story
some of them say well you know it's not
a big enough deal no one knows who
Harvey Weinstein is but it's it's a
little too weird the first seven and a
half hours after the story broke NBC
news did not cover it Seth Meyers and
Jimmy Fallon the two late night hosts at
at NBC didn't do jokes on it for five
nights five nights went by they didn't
do jokes on it then NBC news division
chief and I think this is the guy behind
it Noah Oppenheim said that NBC
encouraged the original story they
encouraged Ronan Farrow to break the
story that's not what ferrozzo doesn't
know a pharaoh says that's not what CNN
says it's not what having a post says a
lot of major media players on the left
and who know these people
totally refute it SNL also didn't do
jokes on the after the story broke they
wrote some jokes about Weinstein and
then they cut them before they went to
air so somebody made a decision to get
those jokes out of this show and this
week now we're talking a full week later
obviously SNL feels the pressure they
have to cover Weinstein jokes so how do
they open the show they make fun of
Donald Trump of course they make fun of
Donald sure they do Donald Trump Rex
Tillerson I guess they try to make a
joke about Russia now but that story's
been utterly discarded only halfway
through the show did they even
acknowledge the jokes and here is here
is Michael che at Weekend Update
explaining the trouble for comedian
because it's so hard to make jokes about
sexual assault yeah it's so hard to make
jokes right remember
Trump Access Hollywood tape we're still
hearing these hackneyed low-hanging
fruit jokes about Trump being made about
this nine months later you know this
reminds me of when they were hit for not
making jokes about Barack Obama cuz they
never made fun of broth right they
occasionally made fun of how nice the
press was to him and one of their
writers one of their comedy writers said
well he's just like a flat obsidian wall
he's so perfect that there's no handhold
that you can climb up to the humor which
was really interesting because obsidian
is a black stone so you could tell that
what he was subconsciously saying he's
not making fun of the first black
president it's that's a Freudian slip
where you say one thing but me and your
mother Kirby's a great comedian he was
one of the best at SNL yeah he said on
some late-night show well how do you
make fun of Obama you know he's so
paris' he's this Harvard genius that's
the phrase he used he's so charismatic
he's I don't know there were a lot of
ways to make fun of rock Obama as far as
I'm concerned yeah but the the joke
about Trump's sex tape it was not really
a sex tape he just was talking to Billy
Bush and making crude comments that
draws a whole new light on this
controversy at NBC because that was an
NBC property that Access Hollywood tape
was owned by Isis now somehow that that
Access Hollywood tape just walked out
the door it made it onto television and
made it into the Hollywood Reporter just
a few days before the presidential
debate but Harvey Weinstein jokes cannot
be told at the network even NBC sports
Al Michaels sportscaster was covering
the Giants Broncos game and he told this
joke he said quote I mean let's face it
the Giants are coming off a worst week
than Harvey Weinstein and they're up 15
points he was forced to apologize he
couldn't even tell that joke he came on
later and he said sorry I made the
reference earlier was a little flip my
apologies we'll just leave it at that
wasn't forced out of the game
right here an old joke about Bob Hope
who Wednesday said his hotel room was so
small that the mice were
round-shouldered and they forced him to
apologize and he said well you know I
said the mice were round-shouldered
they weren't not a very sincere apology
that's exactly it and you know they they
asked Lauren Michaels about this Lauren
Michaels also has been an NBC executive
for ever
yeah creator of SNL and his excuse was
it's a New York story no one no one
knows who Harvey I think I've heard
Harvey Weinstein in every Oscars speech
of the last 20 years I I think the whole
country knows who he is he's the most
powerful man in Hollywood but they're
covering up for their own and NBC has a
history with this stuff former NBC
executive Don ohlmeyer fired Norm
Macdonald the greatest comedian of his
generation yeah fired Norm Macdonald
from The Weekend Update desk because he
was making too many jokes about his
buddy OJ Simpson
that's right cuz he played go home IRA
played golf with OJ Simpson that's right
and and norm kept making jokes about the
fact that he was obviously guilty you
know they say you're known by the
company you keep you're known by the
friends you keep Harvey Weinstein and OJ
Simpson maybe I don't know there's this
crowd around NBC that is a little
unsavory if you ask me I mean obviously
this guy since NBC you know has their
sister Channel MSNBC there is obviously
this left-wing democrat connection here
you know you know it's really
interesting a while back my friend Cyrus
no Wassa did this thing the path to 9/11
and it it showed that Bill Clinton could
have killed Osama bin Laden before the
horrible 9/11 thing but or you could
have responded to the USS Cole bombing
yeah many opportunity and Clinton was
just too busy fending off the scandal
about Monica Lewinsky you know and it
was very honest very balanced it didn't
speak what that well of George W Bush
either you know as a very balanced
docudrama and they still this is ABC
this is Disney they still have not
released this on DVD so anyway the point
that I want to make is just when I went
into the offices where they made it once
and I talked to them about it just
chatting about it and they were shocked
they said you know we love Clinton you
know we
we don't know why he would shut us down
we made this we loved Clinton but it was
you know and I really do believe that
below the the below the level of the top
management there are a lot of people who
do not know that they are being used as
mouthpieces for the Democrat Party I
really believe that that's that very
well might be true I mean it gets to a
great distinction you make between
reporters and editors at that former
newspaper the New York Times they have
some very good reporters but the editors
are all hacks and and communications
directors for the Democratic Party
and it ties into this NBC News chief I
guess he's a screenwriter or something
there is the the line between Hollywood
and news the line between New York and
Hollywood you know the entertainment
industry in the news industry has always
been a little blurry but the the incest
that they've engaged in and the the
absolutely hackneyed partisan character
of it it is really corrupt and corrosive
and I hope people are predicting that
Hollywood is going to fall apart now
obviously Trump took a wrecking ball to
the mainstream media
I can't wait let's watch it burn it's
been a blast and there there can be a
real culture and a real art scene that
will come up and instead instead of the
tripe that's being pushed out by both of
those institutions a amen amen and I and
I have to say you know it used to be in
the old days these corrupt hideous
producers would you know draw actresses
in and to bring them into the casting
couch and have sex with them and now we
have these corrupt hideous producers
drawing women in to watch them take
showers and play with themselves I think
this is a marked decline in the quality
of our corrupt hideous producers just
100% perversion but but I think we
should mention I think it's important
for us to mention that you and I
single-handedly are reinventing the
culture without any help from Hollywood
so far that is yes with our with our new
podcast another Kingdom which is now
available on iTunes right so it's now
it's everywhere it's on iTunes it's on
stitcher it's on Google Play obviously I
agreed to do this project because not
only did I rebuff Harvey Weinstein's
advances I actually was
never ask it kinda hurts my feelings but
how you know Hollywood is a place that
can exclude conservative art and so we I
don't think we ever had a shot of making
this in any mainstream outlet it's just
too honest you know it's it's too
compelling a story and so it's been
great we're it's up right now the first
episode is up we're gonna do it every
Friday we're releasing it every Friday
and and it's a story of a schlubby
Hollywood screenwriter who can't catch a
break
can't get any work I have no idea why
you cast me and then he walks through a
portal into another Kingdom where there
are ochres and monsters and broad swords
and British accents and beautiful Dame's
and he's and he's a murder suspect in
this other place that's right he's a
murder sees he walks in on him holding a
dagger next to a bloody body of a
beautiful woman and it I will say it is
possibly providential that we're doing
this story it's being released exactly
at the moment that Hollywood is falling
apart for its perversion and us
corruption and I think the timing is
perfect
and the real question is is which land
is more fantastical horrifying well I I
think if people will come on if they'll
listen just give it a chance and then
subscribe on iTunes or and also leave
reviews because that's very important if
they will do that I think within within
months you and I can be harassing women
and abusing people no fingers cross a
bathrobe I don't know it does it's not
really flattering on me but it doesn't
sound like it's flattery but if you do
it is very helpful if people check it
out and then leave a review and you know
rating and everything that's really
helpful and I want yeah one Hollywood to
come groveling to us out of the ruins of
Oedipus's and say hey give us some art
conservatives well we're finally willing
to listen well I look forward to hearing
that you've escaped to Europe for for
counseling but in the meantime you would
still have to do the Michael Knowles
show that's what comes on after this and
you'll be abusing people there
absolutely today you know just a little
preview the New York Times accused Ben
Shapiro primarily but a number of us
also Molly Hemingway me
of pandering to our audiences so today's
show is called
the New York Times's trash and
historical retrospective look forward to
that on the Michael no show Knowles
thank you very much I'm glad you
survived your journey into corruption
you're telling me that piece on Shapiro
was absurd I mean that was it was
genuinely absurd although I you know the
New York Times has been running pieces
for the last year on how great Red China
were like women had better dreams in Red
China women had better sex in the Soviet
Union if you're not being attacked by
the New York Times if Shapiro were not
being attacked by the New York Times I
would lose respect for him you know I
would start to feel like why they boy
these Communists be nice to Shapiro
what's he got going on like I'm actually
glad when they attack him it it restores
my faith in mankind I just want to close
I want the one thing I want to close out
is just from the left a left-winger
Howard Fineman at The Huffington Post
this thing I was saying about Trump's
week it's starting to bleed through I'm
just I saw it I saw it on ricochet where
they're not all that friendly to Trump
it's a very middle of the road right
wing site and I saw somebody what was
the headline Trump is doing a great job
discuss I talked about Molly Hemingway
at at the Federalist but this is at the
Huffington Post and Howard Fineman
writes a piece called the method to the
morons madness the conventional wisdom
about President Donald Trump is clear
enough he's an infantile ignorant moron
surrounded agree this I should act this
out it's like because you could just
feel the anger bubbling up as here Isis
the conventional wisdom about president
Donald Trump is clear enough he's an
infantile ignorant moron surrounded by a
shrinking political base of filings of
enemies who used to be friends and more
investigators than the FBI Academy
Washington reacts with alarm to his
inflammatory tweets and lately has made
a parlor game out of chronicling his
outburst of anger dismay and ignorance
as news organizations offer a cascade of
vivid in the room portrayals of an
out-of-control boy king all of which are
made up completely so Democrats hope
against hope that he will be impeached
over Russia I can't believe these guys
are living in this stuff his approval
rating is lower at this point than any
other modern president but he says by
the end
this week it was clearer than ever that
if Trump is a moron he is a moron
on a mission and with more method to his
madness than his enemies understand or
want to consider the tweets are a useful
distraction a kind of air cover for his
carpet bombing of federal policy and
programs in quick succession the
president and his small but focused
dead-end gang have used administrative
dick tots to wreak havoc on clean air
rules immigration procedures Obamacare
and the Iran deal each of these moves
whether designed to serve the interests
of big business Tea Party's xenophobes
with a new Sunni nikan alliance is
unpopular Trump doesn't seem to mind he
knows what he wants this is I mean
they're just beginning to catch on you
know and you know I have to let me end
with this Lindsey Graham was on TV you
know Steve Bannon is doing this thing
where he is swearing he's gonna take on
the mainstream GOP without lying Tea
Party candidates and of course the press
loves this idea of civil war in the GOP
there's a big civil war going on the
Democrat Party - but they're not
covering that as much they're covering
this and it is kind of strange because
the Republicans won so usually the party
that wins doesn't tear itself apart
quite as much but Lindsey Graham
answered hit the whole thing right on
the button you know everybody's been
especially conservatives have been
attacking Mitch McConnell and I should
say that Mitch McConnell stopped the
practice that was slowing down I won't
go into the whole thing but he stopped
in a car cane practice that was slowing
down Trump's so far excellent judge
nominations so McConnell gets some
points for that last week as well and
here's Lindsey Graham explaining exactly
how powerful Steve Bannon is or is not
going to be you're gonna ask me about
Ben and so I'll just go and ask myself
yes it's a symptom of a greater problem
if we don't cut taxes and we don't
eventually repeal and replace Obamacare
then we're going to lose across the
board in the house in 2018 and all of my
colleagues running in primaries in 2018
will probably get beat it will be the
end of Mitch McConnell as we know it so
this is a symptom of greater problem if
we do cut taxes and we do repeal and
replace Obamacare it doesn't matter what
bendin do because we'll win but Steve
Banta has said that
Republicans should go to war against
Mitch McConnell that all y'all should
get rid of him and that that should be
the Republican rallying Mitch
McConnell's not our problem our problem
is that we promised to repeal and
replace Obamacare and we failed we
promised to cut taxes and we've yet to
do it if we're successful Mitch
McConnell's fine if we're not we're all
in trouble we lose our majority and I
think President Trump will not get
reelected you Steve banning a big
problem or a little problem and trying
to get anything done he's saying
everything you're doing is going against
the cause he's a symptom of a problem
Ben and can't beat us if we're
successful if we're not successful it
doesn't matter who tries to be just
they'll be successful let's leave it at
that Trump is doing what he can without
Congress but he does have Congress
Congress is Republican and they have not
done their jobs yet we'll see if they
can get it done let's look at our crappy
culture
so I've got a couple of things I want to
talk about I'm not sure I'm running out
of time but I have to talk about Rick
and Morty
so you watch Rick and Morty Olsen right
it's a great show so let me I will say
what I think it's about and you can tell
me one of them is a mad scientist right
and one of them is just the slob right
it's just the guy okay and the thing is
it takes place in Multan it's a world of
multiple universes now I'm really
interested in multiple universes because
this is a theory that was invented by
scientists to explain the fact that
there's a god but they don't want to
believe in it this is absolutely true
really one of the reasons they have had
to invent multiple universes is because
the world makes too much sense and it
makes it's weird it is weird that the
world has created a being us that can
understand the world and that we can
calculate things mathematically and then
they turn out to be true about the
universe the odds of this happening I
have heard it said are the same as the
odds of a strong wind passing through a
junkyard and assembling a 747 I mean
these it's incredible odds so the
scientists came up with this great idea
they said well this is there are
infinite universes and we just happen to
be living in the one in which this takes
place which is kind of like if you're
playing cards and a guy draws five
straight flushes in a row and you get up
and you draw your six-shooter and say
you're a cheater he says no no there are
an infinite number of card games this
just happens to be the one in which I
drew five straight flushes in a row it's
not a very good theory but they put this
theory to use to show that life is
meaningless right okay so I'm just I
just want to make sure I get this right
because you've actually won and it's
funny it's pretty good it's really funny
okay so on the this is I think the
opener of the third season the the mad
doctor which one is the doctor Rick or
Morty Rick is the mad dog all right so
he's the insane doctor since he had
since life is meaningless he has no
purpose to his life and he attaches all
the purpose of his life to this what is
it like Szechuan sauce that McDonald's
put out to advertise the Disney film
belong okay right 98 so it was out for a
couple of weeks and then they stopped
making it they stopped making it and all
he wants is to find the place in the
universe where he can find it again
here's that scene we've got adventures
to go on Morty just you and me
time's your sister and sometimes your
mom but never your dad you want to know
why Morty because he crossed me good
take it easy Rick that's dark oh it gets
darker Morty
welcome to the darkest year of our
adventures first thing that's different
no more dad Morty
he threatened to turn me in to the
government so I made him and the
government go away Oh both the de facto
patriarch of your family and your
universe your mom wouldn't have accepted
me if I came home without you and your
sister so now you know the real reason I
rescued you I just took over the family
Morty and if you tell your mom or sister
I said any of this I'll deny it and
they'll take my side become a hero Morty
now you're gonna go and do whatever I
say Morty forever I'll find some more
that Mulan Szechuan teriyaki dipping
sauce Morty that's what this is all
about Lori that's my one-armed man I'm
not driven by a fetching my dead family
Morty that was fake I'm driven by
fighting that McNugget sauce I want that
Mulan McNugget sauce Maureen that's my
series Arthur look if it takes nine
seasons
I want my McNugget tip success one sauce
Morty that's what's gonna take us off
the Bowery
season nine more seasons warning nine
more seasons since I get that it's good
now now here here's a test you know what
the reference to the one-armed man is oh
it is okay cuz they they used to be a
show on I was like even before my time
really called the fugitive and the
fugitive was an innocent man charged
with murder the police were hunting him
obsessively kind of like in lame is Rob
and he was hunting for the one-armed man
he saw leaving the scene of the crime so
the yes of the session was they do yeah
like when when they when they caught the
one-armed man they actually announced it
on planes I mean everybody everybody was
so yet turned on to find out so somehow
now the thing about Rick and Morty is it
has lovely fans like Austin are
wonderful producers a totally nice but
it has these crazy fans right to just
get obsessed and they've become obsessed
with finding the Szechuan sauce in fact
McDonald's actually issued reissued it
for a few weeks to supply the Rick and
Morty fans but here is one Rick and
Morty fan who could not find his
Szechuan sauce
I want - what's up - what's up rag brain
pick already
what the hell that is our crappy culture
you can't even put on a funny TV show
that people going insane it's like it's
like everything is to be about the
people it's like nothing is about the
art itself everything has to be about
like us that's our crappy culture we
will be back again tomorrow not only
with the show but we will also be here
with the conversation at 2 p.m. Pacific
and 5 p.m. Eastern I will answer all
your questions plus you get to watch
Alysha Krauss which is always a pleasure
it's on The Daily wire Facebook page and
YouTube channel anyone can watch but
anyone who's anyone will subscribe and
then you can ask questions and I will
answer them all your life will change
possibly for the better I'm Andrew
Clavin this is the Andrew Clavin show we
will see you all again tomorrow
