so I know you caught daily wires first
episode of the conversation with ben
shapiro and the beautiful Alecia Krauss
and I'm sure it made your heart swell
three times it's normal size and glitter
shoot out through your nostrils which
looked absolutely hilarious by the way
but I'm sure you also ask yourself how
can I get my questions answered and my
life's problem sobbed by the collab
inator let's be honest the answers you
get from the mailbag on the Andrew
Clavin show are always 100 percent
guaranteed correct but it's not always
enough that's why we're doing a special
live Q&A which will be my first episode
of the conversation it'll be on Tuesday
October 17th at 5 p.m. Eastern 2 p.m.
Pacific it'll stream live on The Daily
wire Facebook page and the daily wire
YouTube channel and it'll be free for
everyone to watch but only subscribers
get to ask the questions to ask
questions as a subscriber log in to our
website daily wire.com and head over to
the conversation page to watch the live
stream after that just start typing into
the daily wire chat box and we'll pull
live questions as they come in from
there once again subscribe to get your
questions answered by me Andrew Clavin
on Tuesday October 17th at 5 p.m.
Eastern 2 p.m. Pacific join the
conversation
