it's time for some really stupid news
this is news with up to 27% more stupid
e goodness than the stupid news that's
just the news let's begin with word from
Saudi Arabia that women in that country
are finally going to be allowed to drive
the liberalizing move comes hot on the
heels of the nation's abolition of
slavery in 1962 the royal decree placing
women behind the wheel was issued in
spite of one of one Muslim clerics
pronouncement that the ban on women
drivers should remain intact because and
I'm not making this up he really said it
women's brains shrink to a quarter the
size whenever they go shopping but the
science deniers in the Saudi Court
wouldn't listen to the man and they gave
women the car keys anyway so now a bunch
of quarter brain girls peering out
through the narrow slits and their
burkas will be careening around the
roads like pachinko balls but in light
of the obvious dangers the Saudis have
decreed the women will only be allowed
to drive in Jewish neighborhoods then
there's a story torn from the pages of
social media which has no pages because
it's social media twitter announced that
it will now double the number of
characters that will be allowed in each
tweet from 140 to 280 Twitter apparently
felt that too many people were being
forced to edit and organize their
thoughts and develop a concise sense of
humor and that what social media really
needed was more random bloviating and
rambling hate speech one big advantage
to the change of courses that will
finally get to hear from Donald Trump in
depth for instance now the Trump can use
more characters we'll find out what he
meant when he sent out a tweet that
ended as for North Korea I have decided
that I am declaring wha plus we'll get
to hear the end of the sentence that
Hillary Clinton is really a little who
knows where he was going with that
finally the New York Times a former
newspaper has been working hard lately
to make it seem like 20th century
communism was really great the ideology
was responsible for at least a hundred
million murders which is even more
people than Donald Trump killed when he
criticized the NFL nonetheless The Times
which can't find anything good to say
about Trump keeps finding wonderful
stuff to say about communism they
recently ran a story called why women
had better sex under socialism and
another called when communism inspired
Americans and this week they unleashed
the headline
for all its flaws the Communist
revolution taught Chinese women to dream
big its flaws of course included mass
murder forced starvation and torture and
imprisonment for dissent the big dreams
of women were to get the hell out of
there and come to America so they could
wrap fish in the New York Times that's
the stupid news and if the news isn't
stupid enough for you just wait
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
