according to the New York Times a former
newspaper the FBI has uncovered new
scandalous information detailing how
Brett Kavanaugh pulled the girls
pigtails
when they were both five years old
anonymous sources close to the case
informed anonymous sources close to the
Times that anonymous sources within the
FBI have spoken to anonymous sources who
know someone who was there at the time
and say that Cavanaugh's vicious assault
on this innocent child left her crying
and traumatized right up till snack time
while police did not press charges in
connection with the incident
the New York Times interviewed a
psychologist who said that studies show
all men who eventually raped women were
once five-year-old boys thus creating
one more link in the chain of evidence
that the New York Times will write
anything and doesn't care how much it
embarrasses itself New York Times
reporter Angela screaming pants wrote
the expose for The Times after she was
hired away from her job running the
George Soros funded foundation destroyed
the United States and kill everyone in
it starting with conservative Supreme
Court justices in order to make a better
world
it's the dus que es CSC j om BW some
said this association may indicate bias
on the part of the reporter but x board
members Sarah kill all white men
responded quote bias what bias kill all
white men unquote Times editor-in-chief
three blithering prevarication the third
defended the piece against those who
read it and laughed hysterically until
their stomachs hurt and they could do
nothing but lie curled up on their sides
mister third said quote it is way past
time that all the little girls who have
had their pigtails pulled be heard
complaining endlessly about it because
at this newspaper we believe if it
happened to one woman then every
conservative must also be guilty for
some reason I can't entirely explain
unquote the time says it will continue
to investigate Cavanaugh's past until
every last shred of its former
reputation for journalistic excellence
is gone
I'm Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Clavin show
all right it is mailbag day at last I
know you've been waiting you've been
clinging to your problems oh god stop
screaming at me I can't stand the name I
know I'm triggered I'm triggered like I
don't feel it's a safe space Austen it's
not a safe space anymore doesn't care he
doesn't care if I'm triggered it's not a
decision um by the way this is good news
this this Clavin this weekend will not
be quite so Clavin loose anymore
we at the Daily wire are launching the
second season of my podcast series
another kingdom which is performed by
Michael Noel's but written by me so it
is not a Clavin last weekend on Friday
if you aren't caught up in the first
season don't worry they'll all be
available on our website to view and
listen to and subscribers to the daily
wire we'll get early access to each
episode and all of it ad-free this
season we've added a incredible visual
component it is just amazing stuff the
artists here have been working when I
say around-the-clock they really have
they've been working on weekends they've
been working at night and it's just it
looks so great the music is great it
Knowles I hate to admit it but Noel's is
absolutely great so go to the daily
wire.com and subscribe it is really top
notch also while you're doing that by
the way please
subscribe to the Andrew Klay control on
iTunes that really helps us it helps us
if you go on and leave a five star
rating and it lifts the show and the
rankings and it's really good for us now
we have to talk about quick because all
of this none of this would make any
sense if I had no teeth know what that
means but my teeth are beautiful because
I use an electric toothbrush and I love
my quip because it is not like most
electric toothbrushes which is the size
of a bazooka it's sleek it's cool it
really is well-designed
it packs just the right amount of
vibrations into this excellent design it
also comes with a mount the suctions
right to your mirror I like to stick it
on my far head and just walk around and
scare my wife with it but it unsticks to
use as a hygienic travel holder so you
can take it wherever you're going
whether you're going to the gym or
whether you go into Timbuktu you can
have your equip with you and quip
subscription plan refreshes your brush
on a dentist recommended schedule you
get a new brush head every three months
for just five bucks including free
shipping world worldwide quip starts
it's just $25 and if you go to get quick
comm slash Clavin right now you'll get
your first refill pack free with a quip
electric toothbrush
that's your first refill pack free at
get quip dot-com slash Clavin spelled GE
t qu IP comm slash how do you spell it
que la VA n Mickeymouse you know so much
anger obviously so many accusations and
counter-accusations and so much of it is
made worse by the reporting of the media
so much of this would not be happening
and for two important reasons I'll
explain them both if the media we're not
so dishonest if it would reform itself
it can't be reformed because of the
First Amendment I believe in the First
Amendment I don't want to reform it I
want them to reform themselves they are
doing the wrong thing they are doing
something wrong CNN NBC ABC CBS The New
York Times they are doing something
wrong and they're making the country
worse they're making the country worse
by lying you want to see a crazy clip
you want to see an amazing clip here is
Joe Scarborough agreeing with me you
won't see this often quite a few people
that we talked to who I think a lot of
more registered Democrats raise
questions about dr. Ford's story now
that's something in 24/7 news coverage
at least in mainstream media
you never hear anybody talk about they
won't talk about it
they feel that you know if anybody
sticks their their neck out and says
that they disbelieve any part of her
story or if they talk about how there
are no corroborating witnesses well
they'll get absolutely slam
thank you the media coverage of this has
been so one-sided it has been so biased
there has been the the presumption from
the very beginning that every single
allegation made against against the
judge was true that this is what
happened during the run-up to the the
the Trump election nobody would even
consider the possibility that Donald
Trump might win and so they were shocked
by now nobody's nobody has dared say
even the Republicans that part of dr.
Ford's
story just might not add up see this
means two things one of two things
neither means that Joe has been taking
LSD or it means that Joe knows and I'm
sure as I can tell from almost all the
reporters this FBI investigation is
blowing up in their faces they got what
they wanted when Donald Trump said it's
a blessing in disguise he knew what he
was talking about they know that this is
coming back and they are going to look
like crap because they reported this
story like crap they did a bad job let's
just put on one example remember the
story the New York Times ran that oh he
threw ice he got you know barroom brawl
and he altercation of not a brawl an
altercation and Brett Kavanaugh threw
ice at somebody when he was in college
so John Avalon are talking and Allison
cammarata are attacking talking on CNN
listen to what Avalon says first and
then listen to camera Radha's response I
was actually when Steve Breyer was
nominated Malcolm Gladwell wrote a piece
of the Washington Post 94 that mentions
innocuously that he was arrested for
underage drinking at Stanford it is one
line in a very long profile that is
utterly not relevant to the larger story
of his qualifications for office upon
nomination the drinking subplot here
runs into questions of credibility did
he lie did he embrace a choirboy
standard when he in fact was more of a
frat boy but it does seem to me to be a
distraction from the larger questions of
sexual assault that were raised and so
now we're talking about long ago arrest
records for ice being thrown at a bar
after a concert it's I think I symbol
the degradation of the debate we're
having I disagree I think it's I think I
think it's part and parcel of the entire
thing I think that if
you are known as a belligerent mean
fighting drunk that's relevant I think
that it's relevant to then a woman who
says that you would corner her and put
your hand over her mouth somehow that I
think makes more sense than if you were
just a fun drunk who always fell right
asleep so let's just start with what
Avalon said Stephen Breyer was arrested
for underage drinking and it was one
line you know Washington Post piece
that's the first part of this that's the
first part that Allison camerota didn't
address that the press did not care that
about Breyer because Breyer is a liberal
judge that's the first thing the second
thing is what she's saying is absolutely
absurd you can get in a barroom fight
for all kinds of reasons men get in
fights all the time doesn't mean they do
anything to women it doesn't mean they
have any kind of unkindness when the
idea that if you threw ice at a guy
you're gonna also molest a girl
unbelievable garbage so that right there
you had two examples in one minute in
one minute on CNN you had two examples
of the unfairness of the press and what
the press does repeatedly which is the
leftist technique is it organizes us
into leftists and haters right it's your
for gay marriage or you hate you are for
you know you're against your for
Cavanagh abortion or you hate women you
know whatever it is there's one side and
there's hate and they talk about and
they create this this world that you
have that you have to break out of your
imagination to see what they're doing to
you so they'll say to you you know you
have to believe women when they say
they've been raped you stop for a minute
and think is there a group of people in
America who doesn't think that women are
sometimes raped how many people are in
that group let me guess
none there are no people in the group of
people who think women have never been
raped and that some women aren't telling
the truth when they say they've been
rightly that those people don't exist so
there's not like oh good hearted
liberals leftists who believe in women
and evil conservatives who don't believe
in women that's not that that
organization of people doesn't exist it
only exists in the minds of CNN and the
networks on the New York Times the rest
of us want to know did this person do
something to that person that's
question in front of us and there is no
other let me talk to you for a minute
about ring ring is just a modern way of
having you're getting alarms and
security in your home and I'm gonna have
them come to my house and do my entire
house cuz I don't like the security I've
got there now and I'm gonna have ring
come because they just do such a good
job they have this home security they
have a video doorbell that's the first
the most basic thing so you can see
who's outside the door we have some
video of this a woman that comes up to a
porch to steal a package you know they
do this in my house they leave your
package on your doorstep and a woman
comes up to steal it but they've got
ring video doorbell and this is what
happens hey put that down
dude I just stopped someone from
stealing my yeah yeah she says she takes
off like a shot she knows she's been
spotted she's another lady's got video
if he calls the police they're gonna be
able to identify them a ring video
doorbell lets you see and speak to
intruders on your smartphone from
anywhere you don't even have to be home
and you can even share video clips to
neighbors using the ring app rings
floodlight cam and spotlight cam lets
you build a ring of security around your
entire property stop crime before it
happens and help make your neighborhood
safer with ring save up to a hundred and
fifty bucks on a ring of security kit at
ring.com slash Clavin that's ring.com
slash Clavin a hundred and fifty dollars
off when you go to ring.com slash Clavin
next time somebody comes up to your door
you will be able to say hey how do you
spell Clavin it's que la vie and so the
first thing I mean they Oregon they have
this entire imaginary world that the
press helps the left create that is just
not rape culture perfect example rape
culture what is you know and to look up
because they're always saying these
words and you think a lot sounds bad but
what does rape culture is a culture in
which people minimize and accept rape
where does rape culture exist outside of
some Islamic countries in America where
does it exist nowhere logic for just a
second just a second men are bigger and
stronger than women and want sex okay
men are bigger and stronger than women
and want sex if there was rape culture
if rape in this country were minimized
if it were ignored when would it stop
who would stop it who would be there why
are there police who believe oh I have
to stop that that's a rig why are there
men who risk their lives to stop rape
most men and a majority if they always
say they always have that thing well not
all men yes
not all men most men will come and help
you if they can if they have the
capability or will at least call the
police if that were not true close your
eyes a minute and imagine what the world
would look like so Steve Crowder
my insane pal the guy really needs to be
put in restraints I mean he is out of
his mind he goes to some Texas small
Texas college and he sits down by the
table says rape
is a myth change my mind this is Steve's
you know brand changed my mind
and just listen listen to the way the
debate goes and you're telling me one in
a thousand I can tell you that's bull
what a 1950 1900 and in here I can
guarantee you multiple people right now
been raped and this is not 1900 people
so okay how can you guarantee that one
in 1900 1940 FBI wanted 1900 people have
been raped I can guarantee that I'm not
the only one standing here that's been
raped and weird that 1900 so thank you
and thank you and I hope you get that
huh so that she seems nice and crowd her
if Crowder is the same as person in the
room there's something wrong with your
campus if Crowder is the sickness person
on your campus you need a new campus yes
she's screaming at him I mean he's got
the information from the FBI
if rate if one in four people were raped
at any college which is this number they
keep sending around it wouldn't be so so
anyway the the fact that the media does
this it divides us it makes it
impossible to tell what's true it makes
us to move into our corners and defend
our place our defend our guys no matter
what if we felt that everybody was
getting hit by the New York Times if we
felt the New York Times was fair to
everybody and hit everybody equally
we wouldn't constantly be defending
every single thing that people on the
right dude yes yesterday Donald Trump I
got to tell you to joke all right this
is Donald Trump yeah let's just look at
for a minute what Donald Trump said he
finally I went through this whole thing
yesterday where I was talking about how
well he was doing how restrained he was
how
he was keeping it together and now he
goes off and he goes after Christine
Blasi for it there now a lot of things I
would say a number of things that have
raised serious questions about Christine
Blasi for the accuser of Brett Kavanaugh
raise serious questions about whether
she's telling the truth things that do
not hold together in her testimony I
think these things should be questioned
they should be reported I think she
should have been questioned harder
during the hearing but here's Donald
Trump with his version of it 36 years
ago this happened I had one beer right I
had one beer well you think it was
written up there was one beer oh good
how did you get home I don't remember
how'd you get there don't remember where
is the place I don't remember how many
years ago was it I don't know
I don't know what neighborhood was it
and I don't know where's the house I
don't know
upstairs Downstairs where was I don't
know but I had one beer that's the only
thing I remember and a man's life is in
tatters
a man's life is shattered his wife has
shattered his daughters who have
beautiful incredible young kids they
destroy people they want to destroy
people these are really evil people see
that's just bad strategy
okay now everyone's saying he mocked her
and some people on the right was a
mockery a mock they're letting you know
that it's bad strategy it's bad there
are only three senators who are on the
fence maybe five but they're you know
and two of them at least two of them are
women and you know what does he want to
offend people like that it reminds me of
this old joke I gotta tell I'll tell
this joke old joke a philanthropist goes
to a Psychiatric Institute to see if he
wants to donate money as he's walking
out he sees the gardener and the
gardener is making these beautiful
topiary are shaped hedges and all this
and the philanthropist rich guy goes up
to the gardener and says excuse me
you're doing such a wonderful job and
the gardener's is very elegant very held
together guy and he says well thank you
very much sir and the philanthropist
says you know I'd like you to why don't
you leave here and you can come work in
my estate I just could really use a
wonderful gardener like you and the men
says well thank you so much that's so
flattering but I unfortunately I can't
do that I'm an inmate here I was you
know I I have to stay here and the
philanthropist says you're an inmate you
you're mentally ill I I can't believe
that I you're so poised and you're doing
such wonderful work the man says well
thank you I thank you I have very strong
hopes of being released soon you know
I've had troubles in my life but I've
gotten over them and I have strong you
you know hopes of being released soon
and the philanthropist says well I'll
tell you what when you get out of here
you come see me son and I will give you
a job you will work at my estate and the
gardener says well thank you so much
that's very moving that really touches
me the philanthropist says don't mention
it and starts walking out and as the
philanthropists are walking out he feels
like he's been hit in the head by a rock
and he turns around and the gardener
says you won't forget now will you
I can trump reminds me of that the guys
almost out the door
we're almost there almost somebody's
gotta throw that rock you cannot resist
and the thing the thing about it is is
it's so clear from the reporting that
the FBI are not going to help the
Democrats on this there are some things
that have come out there's a real estate
and other records that undercut a part
of Christine Ford's account she said
remember that she told her husband about
this attack when she they were arguing
about whether to put a second door in
their home as they were redesigning
their door it turns out that that
happened that and they went into therapy
and they were talking about that that
happened a long time before the therapy
and the second door was built in there
as a part of to let guests in so they
could rent out the room or have guests
guests over so that didn't hold together
there's a new letter that was released
by Chuck Grassley the Senate Judiciary
Chairman that a former boyfriend of
Christine Ford says that he personally
witnessed her coaching someone on how to
take a polygraph test which she said she
didn't do so all these things are coming
in but the thing that you just have to
hear is the way the senators are talking
because we know the Senators have
sources and the FBI we know the New York
Times has sources in the FBI and yet
suddenly there are no stories about this
investigation
none at all here's Spartacus we all
remember Cory Booker Spartacus listen to
what he says they're shifting the ground
of the argument so my hope is that just
beyond the vicious partisan ranker that
is going on beyond the accusations we
don't lose sight of what this moral
moment is about in this country and
ultimately ask ourselves the question is
this the right person to sit on the
highest court in the land for a life
time appointment when their credibility
has been challenged by intimates people
that knew the candidate well as a
classmate when his temperament has been
revealed in an emotional moment where he
use language that that frankly shocked a
lot of us and then ultimately not
whether he's innocent or guilty this is
not a trial but ultimately
have enough questions be raised that we
should not move on to another candidate
you know Brett Kavanaugh should have a
beer every time he uses the face morale
moment he just loved his morale moment
this is the morale moment so Spartacus
says it doesn't matter whether he's
innocent of guilty suddenly suddenly
it's about his record and it's
temperament where we've heard all that
about how he got angry about being
accused of rape how could anybody get
angry about that that's a little you
know but suddenly it doesn't matter
whether he's innocent or guilty or not
mazie Hirono from Hawaii remember shut
up all white men suddenly suddenly it's
about his record this this is the thing
this is the argument that they lost at
the hearings this is the argument that
they lost at the hearings they could not
get him on his record his judicial
record is excellent but his rulings have
been adopted by higher courts again and
again he is in pic impeccable judicial
record and now listen to Maisy Rhonda
that's the argument they lost so is she
talking about rape any more or less here
he has a pattern for making decisions
that limit a woman's right to choose
that should be a major concern to Susan
Collins
yes certain attitudes about native
peoples that should be a major concern
to Lisa Murkowski and so we can't that I
hope that they're not just banking
everything on the FBI report there's
enough evidence of his pattern of
decision-making not to mention his very
expansive views of presidential
protections because he has he's the only
one who wrote that the president should
be immune from any kind of criminal or
civil proceedings while he's sitting in
office so suddenly it's about the
decisions again which is what the whole
hearing was about was why they brought
this up because they lost the argument
they wouldn't have done this they have
covered themselves in shame they have
covered themselves in shame if it if it
turns out as I very much believe it is
now going to turn out that this that
Christine Ford's story is not at least
backed up by something as doesn't have
any kind of backing at all this was a
shameful cruel stinking rotten thing to
do they said they were gonna do it they
said from the very beginning that they
were gonna use any means necessary they
would not have done it if they hadn't
known the press would run protection for
them the press
ran protection for them if you know that
you are gonna go out there and do that
and the New York Times is gonna say ho
ho oh wait a minute wait just a minute
we don't agree with Brett Kavanaugh we
hate his opinions but accusing him
without proof of rape or male it's not
rape its molestation accusing them of
malice station without proof that's
going too far just that much common
decency
not much fairness if you had gotten that
from NBC instead of putting on Julius
sweat neck who had those it completely
now debunked attack on him of these rape
parties gang rape parties and nonsense
put it if they had known that they were
not gonna put that woman on the air
because NBC was gonna say hey until I
can uh this is not a charge that I am
willing to err against another human
being until I've got proof I'll send out
somebody to investigate but I will not
just let her come on the air like that
if they had known the press was gonna
act like that they would never have
covered themselves in shame so I just
want to end up by saying today the New
York Times ran a piece I think it was
500 pages long I think the entire always
looks like the entire thing about
accusing Donald Trump of and his family
of committing tax fraud now I read the
whole piece and I you know the whole
idea was basically that Donald Trump's
father gave his children lots and lots
of money and when he give gifts your
family over a certain amount you have to
pay taxes on it but they built
corporations to avoid the taxes now the
IRS has not said anything about this the
IRS closed all these cases it is not it
is not attacked them but the New York
Times says it's a problem now if the New
York Times were fair if the New York
Times had not every single day run a
piece telling me that oh one of our
board members was molested therefore
Brett Kavanaugh was guilty if they
hadn't run that piece every day if they
didn't if they didn't attack Donald
Trump in screaming 12 year old girl
headlines every day I'd be a lot more
prone to say okay well Donald from Dez's
never struck me as the most honest
businessman in the world I'm willing to
look into this as it is I'm not sure I'm
not sure they're saying that New York
State says it's going to investigate New
York State has been trying to get Trump
for a hundred years you know so I'm not
sure they're gonna be that fair but how
do you believe anything
are divided against each other because
the press divides us the media divides
us if we knew they were gonna be fair we
would sit and listen we wouldn't be
arguing with our friends we'd be saying
here's the latest story from the New
York Times as both sides you know this
is the one I believe that's the one I
believe what they call on Fox News fair
and balanced the only guy still doing it
is Bret Baier he's the only one who's
still giving you the whole story on Fox
News so you can rail if Fox News is
conservative all you want it's the only
one that's got that show that tells the
news straight this has been I was call
it a low point in the press but if they
got any lower they would be able to walk
under a snake with a top hat on there
it's like I mean it is just absurd all
right we got the mailbag coming up at
first we got to say goodbye to Facebook
and YouTube
you got to subscribe you want to get
another Kingdom season to you'll get it
a few days early if you subscribe you
get an ad-free if you subscribe it is so
it you really got to see this thing it
is so so cool I wrote the entire second
season and I can tell you it's great and
nobody nobody writes this stuff like me
it's terrific it really is it's a good
story but they have just done such a
fantastic job putting it together that's
on Friday this week and then if you
subscribe you can get it earlier but
please come and take a look otherwise
you're stuck at the Clavin this weekend
and you know what that's like
all right mail back coming up now back i
know i'm so triggered by it i do it also
has me so shattered in my my psyches so
did collapsing from Claire
hi Andrew or should I say the fountain
of wisdom you should say the fountain of
wisdom I think that's all that's clear
my question is personal personal I'm
facing a crossroads must most of my life
has been affected by leftist ideology
and a strange form of cognitive
dissonance my parents grew up in Belfast
my mother was a cheater my father was
angry aggressive and took his pain out
on me I became a Christian after ending
up in Australia in spite of a set of bad
choices and poor relationships including
being drug
raped and then in parentheses she says
don't even get me started on the Brett
Kavanaugh issue I remember every detail
of what happened to me Ford is lying but
she goes on my question is this after a
series of terrible choices and poor
influences I'm now sitting on the edge
of bankruptcy with seemingly no way out
how do I come back from both my poor
decisions on the bad influences that led
me to them I'm 36 I fear I will never
get married or have kids since coming
out of this leftist coma and honestly
I've had a pastor tell me I should just
settle for some nice 30-something
divorcee suggesting I didn't deserve
anything more than someone else's reject
because I am someone else's reject god
bless you and thank you for your time
Clare
oh man Clare okay well this look this
letter resonates with me in a lot of
ways as I as I have tried to be very
honest about and straightforward about
the the person I I became the person
that I am I think I was born to be this
person but it took me a long long time
to get here I'm not Brett Kavanaugh
somebody accused me of something they'd
probably be right I mean I've done
things that I'm so ashamed of so
bothered up I was a different man I was
a sick person I was a twisted person I
built this life through God and I I
won't say I built it God put a stair in
a stairway in front of me I climb the
stairs every time I took a step on that
stairs every single time I thought to
myself God why did you let me be the
person I was before now it's too late
now I'm better but it's too late now I
can't do the things that I want to do
and every time I could do them every
time there was something ahead of me
that was better than before and I took
the next step up and I thought God why
did you wait so long to bring me to this
place now I'm this too late I'm too old
you know there's a wonderful scene one
of my favorite movies I watch it every
single year is the Christmas Carol
Charles Dickens A Christmas Carol the
one with Alastair sim and they come to
redeem this terrible old man this
terrible misers caused so much pain and
he turns to the the spirits who come to
save him and he says go and redeem some
younger man I am too old but God doesn't
think that God doesn't think it's
too late he doesn't think it's too late
for you he knows where you been he knows
what you've done he doesn't that you are
not gods reject obviously he called you
to him he meant it he means it now he
means it now the things you have done
the life you lived before is not the
life you were going to live tomorrow so
I can't guarantee you that you'll find
love I can't guarantee you that things
will go well I can guarantee you that if
you walk up that stairs you'll get
closer and closer to God there will be
more and more joy in your life it is not
too late for that it is never too late
for that and that is the the task that
you've be given that is the chart in
front of you the Alcoholics Alcoholics
Anonymous they always had a lot of great
sayings one of the great sayings they
have is do the next right thing that is
great advice don't worry so much about
finding a guy whether they're gonna find
a guy what's gonna happen how you're
gonna get do the next right thing and
when it's time for you to look for for
love go to the places we're gonna find
nice people go to the places where
you're gonna find people who treat you
well you don't know what that guy is
gonna look like and don't think he's a
reject cuz he's divorced or whatever you
don't know what that guy is gonna look
like just do the next right thing go up
that stairs God is on every one of those
stairs just go up it it will get better
every day it's not too late that is
that's the answer and and again don't
think about the outcome yet just think
about the next right thing the next step
up and take that step from Jennifer as a
former never Trumper I find myself more
and more enamored with President Trump
every time I hear him speak that
includes the occasions when he should
probably just shut up last week when
Lindsey Graham told off the Senate I
fell in love with him to a guy whom I
loathe up until that moment because he
is such a do faced backstabbing
political hack the only logical reason I
could come up with is that they were men
acting like real men could that really
be it Jennifer
PS I love you too the obvious answer
that question is yes you know the answer
are you are already answering your own
question
that's exactly why that was always
Trump's appeal you know some of the time
when he started out I used to say you
know just because a guy is loud and
belligerent
doesn't mean he's a real man and that is
right but real men do come in all kinds
of shapes and sizes you can be a quiet
real man you can be a you know quiet
intellectual real man you can be allowed
in belligerent athletic real man you can
be a chest-beating real man but it is
refreshing always to see them all these
guys were second-guessing themselves who
are playing not to lose especially in
politics who are afraid if they open
their mouth and say this this will
happen if they say that that will happen
so they just become as you say political
hacks they become afraid of saying
anything all of those guys are and they
think they think they're doing the right
thing because they're not offending
anybody but the fact is they are losing
audience losing voters because everybody
hates a weak man everybody hates a weak
man a weak woman not so much
vulnerable woman not so much but a man
who cannot take a stand who can't say no
who can't say this is where I stand I
will take the political hit I'll take
the audience hit the guy who can't say
that is ultimately he he's not a man and
when you hear that voice when you hear
the voice of manhood you know it and it
perks you up I think even men respond
and think ah there you know there is the
guy that I want to be with or be around
so that yes you you have your you've
answered your own question from Chris
dear Andrew I'm 33 years old and I've
recently had to come to grips with the
fact that I may become permanently
disabled I am a type 1 diabetic and have
sustained many internal and permanent
conditions due to not being diagnosed
soon enough I firmly stand against any I
firmly stand against government
assistance but may have no other choice
to support my family without accepting
disability benefits am I wrong to
vehemently oppose social welfare
programs as a whole while still
accepting venomoth benefits well first
of all I'm really sorry this has
happened that sounds incredibly tough
the answer is is yes to an extent yes to
an extent if if you are opposed to
something you should only use it if
there is no other choice if the fact
that you have lost the argument means
that the way that you should have taken
has been disbarred so for it it has been
barred to you so if
instance for instance you may be against
affirmative action but when they accept
you into Yale you don't know whether
you've been accepted for affirmative
action or not and you're not gonna turn
it down because it might be affirmative
action you're gonna take the acceptance
right and that's that's perfectly fair
even if you're against affirmative
action what you have to do is earn your
place and Yale now that you've got it
you have to earn what you've got but I
you know I'm deeply opposed to
affirmative action but I don't blame a
guy if he works really hard and doesn't
know whether affirmative action was
given to him was used on him or not if
you are against all forms of government
assistance if you're and I'm not by the
way if you're but if you're against all
forms of government government
assistance and you take the government
assistance yeah I think that's being
hypocritical but you can also change
your mind and say hey you know I what
I'm against is the idea that everybody
should pay for everything in certain
emergency situations the government may
be the best person you might not be a
hypocrite if what you think is the
church should take care of me when I
can't take care of myself but the church
has been disabled by an overweening
government you could make that argument
so that's why I say yes and no you know
if what you really believe is there
should be no government assistance and
people should just fend for themselves
then yes if a critical to take it but
maybe you should re-examine your beliefs
maybe you've been too harsh maybe you
know there are other people in a similar
situation that you that need the
assistance I am NOT against social
spending I think social spending has
worked out well I simply think it is a
foothold that the left uses to get as
much money and power as it can and that
has to be fought against all right from
Gabriel do you think body language
analysis is a credible way to discredit
dr. Ford's testimony daily wire recently
published an article on this topic and I
was curious on how how good such
analysis is and whether it is highly
subject to personal bias yeah that's
exactly the my problem with it it's not
that you can't read people's body
language but there are two problems with
it one your reading is going to be
biased there's no science exact science
of body language reading and so I just
don't feel
that that is is really credible evidence
I don't know how the law treats that
kind of thing but I'm very very
suspicious of psychological experts and
you know language handwriting experts
and things like that I think there may
be people who can tell from handwriting
or from body language can tell things
from it I think we all read each other's
body language but I think it is so
affected by personal bias that is just
not reliable at all my second thing is
is if it were scientific if there are
studies that show that a person who
stands like this or pulls his ear or you
know they all those things they put on
TV that aren't really true if he blinks
rapidly he's lying
people would learn how to game it you
know if it were really a science people
would learn how to game it because if
you cry you know if you cross your arms
when you feel like self defensive then
you wouldn't cross your arms while you
were being interviewed by the police you
would like you know relax make sure you
were seated in a relaxed pose so I just
don't think it's it I don't think it's
credible no I mean I think that if my
wife said to me reading his body
language I felt this way I know my wife
I know where she stands
I would I would think that that was more
reliable than an actual expert from
Casey hello my wife and I have a I have
a couple have been who have been very
close family friends they recently were
advised by their doctor to terminate a
pregnancy they followed through with
determination and took it very hard
but knew the baby would not have
survived otherwise my wife who was very
Catholic has taken it very hard as well
when the couple speaks of trying to have
a child again my wife gets upset and
says that if it happened again like the
last time she could no longer be friends
with them I think this is awful I know
that the decision did not come easily to
them and do not judge them as lacking
faith which my wife does I'm finding it
harder to look past my wife Sybilla own
inability to forgive accept or show any
amount of grace in this time
here's the problem the problem is
between you and your wife it has nothing
to do with your friends your friends who
are your friends
your wife and you have a different
attitude toward abortion it hers is very
understandable and so is yours she she
believes that this is killing a child
it's killing a child and she cannot does
not know how to live with that or accept
that
these people your relationship to her is
exponentially more important than your
relationship to these friends okay you
don't have to break off with these
friends you can continue your
relationship with your friends but what
you need to do is you need to come to
terms with the fact that you and your
wife disagree on an important issue it's
not a sin that's not a crime marriages
can well-well-well survive those
disagreements they should survive those
disagreements those are things you can
discuss if you discuss them in a civil
friendly way there are things you can
talk about maybe your wife will come
around a little bit maybe you'll come
around to see what she's about but the
problem you want to solve is the problem
of you it's you not forgiving your wife
it's you not showing grace so your
wife's different difference of opinions
it's not her lack of grace for your
friends because your friends are outside
the marriage the marriage comes first
your friends are outside the marriage
you have to show grace and forgiveness
and understanding to the fact that your
wife has a different point of view than
you do you know again not a sin not a
tragedy you just have to come to terms
with that if you can you can continue to
have a relationship with your friends
that she may not want to continue but
you do have to continue to have a
relationship with your wife that's the
important relationship here that's the
one you have to protect let's see here
it is Brian do you think that after the
shameful display by the Democrats it
will cause a flood of red voters
possibly so possibly so here's what I
think I think that the Democrats have
succeeded in acting so badly that they
have energized the right for the
midterms I think that is a good thing I
think that if the Republicans fall apart
and can't get this done and can't stand
together long enough to push this
nomination through as it deserves to go
through I think people may get so
disgusted on the right that they stay
home if they if they do confirm him if
they confirm Cavanaugh I think that will
be helpful if they don't confirm him and
they ranana Tim as Lindsey Graham
recommended and they just say okay let's
take it to the people
I think they'll win both the House and
the Senate I think that will energize
the base it all depends on how they
behave if they are feckless and stupid
they could lose people may just be
disgusted and walk away
all right tickety-boo news so this is a
great story that great great story three
academics who can describe themselves as
liberal spent more than a year
submitting absurd hoax papers to
preeminent scholarly journals focusing
on race gender sexuality and other
politically fraught disciplines that the
academics call grievance studies these
guys that are left with left-wing
left-leaning liberals they call
themselves James Lindsay a math
doctorate Peter Boghossian an assistant
professor of philosophy at Portland
State University and Helen pluck Rose a
london-based scholar of English
literature and history they've decided
that American scholarship was being so
skewed by grievance thinking that they
could write these absurd articles and
they were submitted 20 papers to various
peer review journals under pseudonyms
and seven of these absurd papers were
accepted I let's see if I can find some
of them there was dog park human
reactions to rape culture and queer
performativity in urban dog parks in
Portland Oregon the thesis was that dog
parks are condoning rape spaces and a
place of rampant canine rape culture and
systemic oppression against the
oppressed dog through which human
attitudes to both problems can be
measured this provides insight into
training men out of the sexual violence
and bigotry to which they are prone this
was accepted some of the reviewer
comments this is a wonderful paper
incredibly innovative rich in analysis
and extremely well-written this is
insane
fat body building title who are they to
judge overcoming anthropometry and a
framework for fat body building the
thesis was that it is only oppressive
cultural norms which makes society
regard the building of muscle rather
than fat admirable and that bodybuilding
and activism on behalf of the fat could
be benefited by including fat bodies
displayed in non-competitive ways dildos
title going in through the back door
challenging
straight mail homo hysteria and
transphobia through receptive
penetrative sex toy use thisis that it
is suspicious that men rarely anally
self penetrate using sex toys that is
suspicious and that this probably is due
to a fear of being thought homosexual
homo hysteria and bigotry against trans
people it can so men never use dildos
through the back door because they're
afraid that it would make them oh it
combines these ideas into novel concept
trans hysteria a selected reviewer
comments this article is an incredibly
rich and exciting contribution to the
study of sexuality and culture and
particularly the intersection between
masculinity and analogy which we all are
worried about hooters an ethnography of
breastaurant masculinity think you know
it is I I just love this I love this you
know why this got they stopped they got
they stopped because that dog park won
the idea that dogs were practicing rape
culture The Wall Street Journal looked
at that went wait a minute are you
kidding me and they started huh and they
hunted these guys down and that's how
they got exposed absolutely great you
know this this is when you saw that that
woman yelling at Steve Crowder this is
why this is why because these crazy
people are teaching them this crazy
stuff and it is crazy stuff but it is
wonderful to see it exposed and it's
wonderful to see it exposed by people on
the left there are plenty of good people
on the left plenty of sane people on the
left that we could be having
conversations with but we can't as long
as they're talking garbage alright
tomorrow Thursday beginning of that
claim unless weekend but not entirely
claiming less because another Kingdom
season 2 is coming and it is great be
here tomorrow for the last show of this
show for the week I'm Andrew Clavin this
is the Andrew Clavin show
the Andrew Clavin show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover technical producer Austen Stevens
edited by Alex zingaro audio is mixed by
Mike Carmina
hair and makeup is by Jesuit vera and
our animations are by Cynthia Angulo and
Jacob Jackson the Andrew Clavin show is
a daily wire for word publishing
production copyright for word publishing
