reactions to president Trump's first
speech before the United Nations General
Assembly are still coming in Trump
speech condemns socialism Islamism Iran
North Korea and Venezuela and also had
some tough words for the UN itself and
for the Iran deal of the last president
what's-his-name barky oh hi uh something
like that it's hard to remember now that
his legacy is just a flaming pile of
drifting ash wafting away to nothingness
on the balmy breezes of history but
anyway it was a speech that shocked the
United Nations because it featured the
truth and funny nicknames for dictators
and happy Israelis things that haven't
been seen at the UN since it became a
stinking cesspit of corrupt bureaucrats
fronted by scurrilous tyrants which
happened about a week and a half after
it was founded in 1945 so predictably
reactions were intense North Korean
leader Kim jong-un for instance reacted
to Trump's threat to totally destroy his
country by laughing to finally
until he burst a hole through his
stomach flew up into the air and
flittered around the room making a
high-pitched squealing noise like a
deflating balloon until there was
nothing left of him but a wrinkled army
uniform and a rock-hard rectangle of
black hair Venezuelan leaders reacted to
Trump's declaration that socialism was
an impressive and discredited ideology
by running out of the room and sending
texts back to the government reading
uh-oh
big mistake ixnay on the osha lism say
apparently no one had explained to them
about the history of the last hundred
years Bernie Sanders was also upset to
hear about the whole socialism his bad
thing I'm beginning to think my entire
political career has been a great big
screw-up Sanders said in an exclusive
interview with his Che Guevara t-shirt
also maybe that honeymoon in the Soviet
Union wasn't such a good idea after all
in the news media journalists reacted
with their usual objectivity and calm at
the New York Times a former newspaper
column columnist Charles blowme wrote
quote we're all going to die Trump is
going to war with everyone death death
death
har-har-har I'm writing this in an
underground bunker that has become the
headquarters of the resistance anyone
who can hear me follow the sound of my
voice so that we can begin to build a
new community like at the end of I am
Legend only with me in charge instead of
Will Smith and it's
blowing myself up at the end I just pick
up a paycheck for writing hysterical
garbage like this and then I go home
unquote other reactions in the news
media included wolf blitzer's wordless
sobbing Don Lemon staring blankly into
the camera with his lower lip trembling
and Chris Cuomo running around in
widening circles until he got stuck in
the corner of the studio and had to be
pried out with the jaws of life Donald
Trump meanwhile is already at work on
his next UN speech tentatively titled
mess with me losers and I'll nuke you
all
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
