let's define a few terms first of all
fascist intellectual thuggery let start
with fascism what exactly is fascism
what was the term that gets thrown
around a lot by people who have never
read a book
ok fascism is the phenomenon whereby
people believe that they have the
capacity to RAM their beliefs down your
throat at the point of a gun or say the
point of a baton or by throwing Molotov
cocktails
that's what fascism truly as fascism is
even more of a tactic than it is an
ideology it's sort of vague in terms of
ideology you've had people on the Left
who are fascist and people like Stalin
and then you've had people who are on
the European right like Hitler who was
fascist who's actually closer to the
traditional American weapon he would be
to their traditional American right but
I've been spending my entire career
standing up against fascism and the idea
of an overreaching government that uses
the power of the gun in order to compel
people to do what they want and Tifa is
fascist I am NOT a fascist
