I I was at this event last night I was
invited to be on a panel with a bunch of
lefties and it was at the Hollywood
improv and it was that you know a couple
comedians had opened it up and then we
had a political panel and it was funny
it was mostly left wingers there but
there was another conservative the
comedian Michael Loftus was very funny
and so we're sitting on the panel and
it's a few comedians and some political
I was one of the political guys and then
a Democrat political guy and I was
struck that they they almost uniformly
called Kavanagh a rapist they called him
a rapist they referred to him as a
rapist
they called him a rapist Christine Ford
hasn't called him a rapist nobody other
I mean this wacko that Michael avenatti
dragged up that even NBC doesn't believe
she I guess she said that he was a
rapist but even actually even she says
she doesn't have any evidence of that
you didn't see him do anything but these
lefties are calling him a rapist even
though no one's even accusing him of
that even if they had you there is a
presumption of innocence but they're
doing it and it's so ugly
I mean it's so right now in Illinois at
the GOP office in Illinois a bunch of
vandals covered it in the word rape they
just wrote the word rape all over the
office is rape rape rape and it occurs
to me rapist is the new racist rapist is
the new racist they used this is what
the left used to do when they have no
argument they call you a racist
they still do this when they have no
argument they call your race a racist
now when they have no argument they call
you a rapist and it shows you a militant
they've gotten how shameless they've
gotten have despicable they've gotten
Ann Coulter told me once when I was in
college that when a lefty calls you a
racist you know you've won the argument
now it's gotten so much uglier I mean it
so it was always it used to be that
being a rape being called racist was the
worst thing you could be called in
America now they've turned it up to 11
and now it's rapists
