the situation in North Korea has grown
even more dire than the last time it
grew more dire and maybe less dire than
the next time it grows more dire when it
will be even more dire than now when
it's already really dire news came over
the weekend that fat crazy North Korean
fat crazy man Kim dum fudge has either
set off a hydrogen bomb or a helium
balloon he always gets those two
confused depending on which it was Kim
too fat is now in a position either to
wipe out the entire west coast of the
United States or hold the children's
birthday party if you can find a clown
who's willing to work for him after he
had the last one tortured to death
winsome lee attractive ambassador to the
united nations nikki Haley reacted
strongly to the news in a speech to the
Security Council the alluring brunette
said quote listen to me you quivering
tubs of useless lard I'm so sick of
looking at your flabby faces staring
back at me with glazed incomprehension
every time this skull-crushing lunatic
blow something up if I don't get some
action out of you I'm going to take my
shoe off and go around the room
hammering my high heel into your stupid
foreheads one by one unquote move by the
smoking hot ambassadors vaguely arousing
rhetoric the Security Council
immediately reacted by unanimously
passing a resolution demanding more
diplomatic parking spaces near their
favorite Manhattan massage parlor saying
they couldn't concentrate on their happy
endings for fear their limos were going
to get towed adorable ambassador Haley
hailed the resolution as quote a major
step toward putting these UN ignoramuses
out of work where they belong so New
York can finally use this expensive
piece of real estate for something
worthwhile and I can do something more
pleasant and productive with my life
like steak nail in my ear unquote
Secretary of Defense Jim mattis also
reacted to Kim Bloomie's threat telling
reporters quote if that fat JPEG so much
as moves a finger toward the button
there'll be nothing left of him but a
radioactive mound of fat cells and maybe
that stupid hair of his which looks like
it might actually survive a nuclear
blast but anyway we're sure as hell
going to find out unquote meanwhile a
panel of experts gathered to announce
that their differing and inaction had
gotten us into this situation in the
first place and they strongly
recommended that there be
more dithering and inaction so that the
situation could slowly get worse
president Trump meanwhile is considering
ordering a nuclear strike the whether it
will be on North Korea the UN or the
panel of experts is still unclear
trigger warning I'm Andrew Klavan and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
