CNN will soon be airing a powerful new
documentary entitled crisis America not
in crisis the documentary will detail
the crisis hit in America's newsrooms as
all across this nation from 8th Avenue
in Manhattan all the way to H Street in
Washington DC
journalists are realizing that the
racial tensions tearing this country
apart exist largely from 8th Avenue in
Manhattan all the way to 8th Street in
Washington DC the crisis was sparked
after shocking videos of life outside a
narrow corridor of land near the East
Coast somehow found their way into
American newsrooms these videos largely
taken during hurricane Harvey in Texas
showed amazing scenes of yucky ordinary
Americans treating each other with
civility kindness and respect even as
America's journalists were slobbering
with sneering hatred for them because
they're different than America's
slobbering hateful journalists in one
amazing rescue involving helicopters
small watercraft
and police dogs CNN's Chris Cuomo was
airlifted out of an ideological bubble
in which he'd been trapped for 47 years
in the wake of the rescue Cuomo
witnessed scenes of Texans he absolutely
despised doing nicer things for one
another than he'd ever done for anyone
Cuomo then gave an interview to his own
hand in which he said quote
oh my dear hand to whom I've been
talking almost exclusively for as long
as I can remember it now seems I've been
reporting on seething race racism in
America that exists almost entirely
inside my own imagination oh please my
beloved hand send me back to that
imaginary America forever lest I have to
change my mind about anything or admit
to myself that the ordinary Americans I
hate are actually better people than I
am unquote in another crisis scene at
the offices of the New York Times a
former newspaper emergency workers
labored overtime to shore up the minds
of journalists lest they perceive that
they've been covering a small number of
black activist con men playing off an
even smaller number of white supremacist
losers in order to instigate localized
riots and protests that create the
illusion that are generally friendly and
prosperous America is coming apart of
the seams in a statement released to the
Hamptons New York Times editor
blithering prevarication the third
announced quote it would be a crisis of
unprecedented proportions if our readers
should ever suspect that the poverty
high crime and anger in many inner-city
neighborhoods are not the result of
American racism but of the poor social
policies and race mongering lies we've
been promoting for 60 years unquote as
the crisis of non crisis deepens many
journalists are beginning to fear that
Americans may soon discover that more
than half of the angry white men they
say voted for Donald Trump were not men
or not white meaning the country looks
nothing like they say it does as
Clinton's surrogate George
Stephanopoulos said in an interview with
ABC's top journalist George
Stephanopoulos quote we must build
stronger levees and sturdier
infrastructure to keep America's
newsrooms from being flooded by reality
unquote trigger warning I'm Andrew
Klavan and this is the Andrew Clavin
show
okay we are back and California burned
down and North Korea set off a hydrogen
bomb so is clava last weekend goes
winter wet and hurricane Irma is heading
for an exclave in this weekend is
heading for Florida
it's the mailbag tomorrow tomorrow is
the mailbag so you don't have much time
you have to be a subscriber but if
you're a subscriber you can send in
questions about your personal life your
religious thoughts politics I will
answer them all and answers are
guaranteed a hundred percent correct and
will change your life now and then for
the better so you go on the website
right I'm gonna get this right you go on
the website you go to the podcast place
press the button you can send in your
questions send them in now and we'll
answer them if you want we can do it
live but you got to be a subscriber
which is only a lousy ten bucks I mean
come on we will change your life for a
lousy ten bucks a month if you want to
subscribe for the year it's a hundred
bucks and you get the leftist ears
tumblr the leftist ears tumblr comes
complete with leftist tears and refills
automatically every time Donald Trump
makes a speech
a lot of times people will tell you you
know what what do you do to keep your
relationships fresh to keep your
marriage fresh you know from getting
bored over time and you want to you want
to try every now and again to surprise
your beloved with something he or she is
not expecting so you might try like
waiting sings we know half asleep and
then suddenly you know jumping into the
room in a big you know mask from
Halloween and screaming and holding a
dagger over her head or you could send
her flowers flowers I'm guessing
probably the pro flowers calm is the
place to go you can get you know they
want to help you surprise someone for no
reason at all while also surprising you
with a special deal you can get 20% off
any of their unique summer rose bouquets
or any other bouquet of twenty nine
dollars or more they kept these colorful
rainbow roses which
always a hit if you aren't sure what to
send somebody and they're guaranteed to
stay fresh for at least seven days or
your money back and you control the
delivery date ProFlowers gives you more
bloom for your buck big beautiful
flowers with more stems for your money I
use them all the time and they really
are good they're guaranteed they come
fresh they come with this little water
sponge in them so they stay fresh and
with food you can give them if you want
to get 20% off summer roses or any other
bouquet of twenty nine dollars or more
go to proflowers.com
and use my code a.k at checkout how do
you spell it okay check out that's
proflowers.com and code a kay don't wait
to make someone's day first before we
get to the news and there is news
breaking even as we speak
I have to issue a correction I made a
mistake last week I can I know I know
this happened to me once before it was
July of 1967 I made a mistake and I made
another one and it was a dumb mistake
too because I said that Texas I wasn't
sure Texas was in the Confederacy and
was so done of course Texas was of
course and the Confederacy what was so
dumb about this is I frequently even on
the show have talked about the fact that
John Quincy Adams argued with Andrew
Jackson about whether Texas should be
allowed in back into the country from
Mexico because it he said Adams said
it's gonna cause it there'll be a civil
war if you let a slave stay back in
they're gonna there's gonna be a civil
war so I always say like you know was it
worth having the civil war to get Texas
and I think nowadays yeah so anyway I
was wrong Texas in the Confederacy of
course of course it was all right so now
the summer is over all this stuff is
gonna heat up so this is gonna be a big
big moment for our friend Donald Trump
this is gonna be a big time because
we're gonna there's going to be a shift
you're gonna see over the next month or
two you're gonna see a shift in
perspective we've already passed from
the Trump is Hitler phase into the Trump
is unfit for office phase right so this
is a new thing that we're dealing with
and soon because there's going to be so
much for Congress to deal with you're
going to be dealing now with the Trump's
policies or bad thing which is once they
do that I believe that Trump is going to
that's going to be to Trump's advantage
because most people agree
with his policies today Trump announced
or actually was Jeff Sessions the AG the
Attorney General announced that they are
getting rid of daca the so-called DREAM
Act which how can I put this this was a
barack obama act you remember that all
those people were coming down from
central america and they were being
allowed into the country they were
flooding the country and obama was
putting them in people's towns and just
putting them everywhere and he basically
suspended any kind of you know
deportation for them if they were under
thirty one I believe the number was they
kept saying it's for children but it was
not it was and and also they weren't
coming with their parents the parents
were putting him on trains and sending
him over because they realized why not
you know why not nobody was doing
anything about it so here's Jeff
Sessions making the announcement that
they are going to get rid of it
but it's going to be in place for 60
days for six months I'm sorry to allow
Congress to make a law if they want
because this was just an executive order
this is cut number twelve I'm here today
to announce that the program known as
daca that was effectuated under the
obama administration is being rescinded
the daca program was implemented in 2012
and essentially provided a legal status
for recipients for a renewable two year
term worker authorization and other
benefits including participation in the
Social Security program to eight hundred
thousand mostly adult illegal aliens the
policy was implemented unilaterally to
great controversy and legal concern
after Congress rejected legislative
proposals to extend similar benefits to
on numerous occasions to this same group
of illegal aliens in other words the
executive branch through daca
deliberately sought to achieve what the
legislative branch specifically refused
to authorize on multiple occasions so in
other words this is essentially Obama
saying he's not going to enforce the law
now Obama did this a number of times he
with the The Marriage Act remember
Clinton's Marriage Act the defined
marriage as between a man and a woman he
said we're just not going to enforce it
now think about this for a minute
because what that means is that the
people you elect to make the laws can
make all the laws they want but King
Barak is allowed to say I'm not going to
enforce it so that essentially means the
law goes away so Congress passes a law
and Barack Obama says he's not going to
enforce it and Jeff Sessions being the
Attorney General went right to this part
of the argument about it this cut number
thirteen such an open-ended
circumvention of immigration laws was an
unconstitutional exercise of authority
by the executive branch the effect of
this unilateral executive amnesty among
other things contributed to a surge of
minors at the southern border that
yielded terrible humanitarian
consequences and also denied jobs to
hundreds of thousands of Americans by
allowing those same illegal aliens to
take those jobs we inherited from our
founders and have advanced an
unsurpassed legal heritage which is a
foundation of our freedom our safety and
our prosperity as Attorney General it is
my duty to ensure that the laws of the
United States are enforced and that the
constitutional order is upheld okay now
so sessions is basically getting right
to the point of the of the matter that
Obama was transgressing against the way
we make laws and here is a former high
ranking official who agreed that this
could not be done this is cut number 10
the respect to the notion that I can
just suspend deportations through
executive order that's just not the case
because there are laws on the books that
Congress has passed and I know that
everybody here at Bell is studying hard
so you know that we've got three
branches of government Congress passes
the law the executive branch's job is to
enforce and implement those laws and
then the judiciary has to
interpret the laws there are enough laws
on the books by Congress that are very
clear in terms of how we have to enforce
our immigration system that for me to
simply through executive order ignore
those congressional mandates would not
conform with my appropriate role as
President Obama you know I picked that
that particular one out
kobani said this for years he said it
again and again he must have said over
20 times that he could not do what he
then went ahead and did because like
Henry the eighth it took Obama a long
time to realize that nobody was going to
penalize him for anything because the
press worshipped him and the GOP was
afraid of the press they kept saying
we're not gonna do anything to you we're
not gonna do anything to you and he got
more and more and more lawless as his
administration went on so at first you
know that was him talking to Univision
so he's talking to these people who were
saying to him why can't you just you
know make a law but he he is now
promising boy he's gonna come out and
make a statement he should make that
statement so we're gonna get back to
this in a minute because it's really
really interesting the way the press
makes people argue about this in a way
that has nothing to do with it now I
have talked before about how every
morning I come in here and people are so
nice and everybody so nice one of the
things they always say to me is how on
earth did someone like you get a job in
a nice place like this and the reason is
we didn't use zip recruiter com I was
just standing on the street I was
hitchhiking they said get in the car and
we'll give you a podcast so what did I
know I got in the car they gave me a
podcast but if you use recruiter dot-com
you can post your job to a hundred-plus
job sites with just one click and then
their powerful technology efficiently
matches the right people to your job
better than anyone else
that's why zip recruiter is different
unlike other job sites zip recruiter
doesn't depend on candidates finding you
it finds them in fact 80% of employers
who post a job on zip recruiter get a
quality candidate through the site
within one day and each and every one of
them has turned me down for work that's
how you know that these are sharp
intelligent people this way with zip
recruiter there's no juggling emails or
calls to your office you send
the screen rate and manage candidates
all in one place with zip recruiters
easy-to-use dashboard find out today why
zip recruiter has been used by
businesses of all sizes to find the most
qualified job candidates with immediate
results and right now my listeners can
post jobs on zip recruiter for free
that's right free it doesn't get much
better than that just go to zip
recruiter comm slash daily wire all one
word daily wire zip recruiter dot-com
slash daily wire one more time to try
for free go to zip recruiter comm slash
daily wire don't let someone like me
happen to you okay
so let's let's go back to sessions for a
minute and sessions basically puts
forward what this issue is about this is
cut 14 no greater good for the overall
health and well-being of our Republic
then preserving and strengthening the
impartial rule of law societies where
the rule of law is treasured our
societies that tend to flourish and
succeed societies where the rule of law
is subject to political whims and
personal biases tend to become societies
afflicted by corruption poverty and
human suffering it is that clear and
that easy okay you got the rule of law
things go well you have no rule of law
things go badly now let me show you I
really want to talk for a couple of
minutes here about the way the press
makes people stupid okay and let's start
let's start with how stupid they are in
order to get to the really really stupid
gets a press stupidity in stupid land
you have to travel to the New York Times
op-ed page or as we call it knucklehead
row
the chief knuckle and one of the chin oh
that's not true one of the chief knuckle
heads on knucklehead row is David Brooks
who was brought on to be their house
conservative he's not conservative he's
the guy who thought Obama was gonna be a
great president because he loved the
sharp crease on Obama's pants I swear
that's what he said I thought like if
you like the crease why not elect that
his dry cleaner to be President somebody
actually accomplished something I just
want to put forward this is David Brooks
from knucklehead Row but he's on PBS and
he's talking about the lessons he
learned from hurricane Harvey and you
got to listen carefully to this because
it really is amazing how closed-minded
someone can be what did we see is
Hurricane Harbor we saw that the
southerners with their hats were
suddenly they're not racist they're
helping everybody everybody was helping
each other Houston one of the most
integrated cities in the one most
diverse will call cities in the country
that's what we saw we saw that
everything the press has been telling us
about who we are and who America is and
who America between New York and LA is
was all untrue it was all untrue so what
did David Brooks learn from them to me
the two biggest things that happened was
first Houston came together and that
significant person is the most
ethnically diverse city in this country
and there's an argument that sometimes
made oh it will never have solidarity as
a nation if we're so ethnically diverse
well euston does it and so if they can
do it I think that argument against
making our country diverse or opening up
more immigration falls down the second
thing is that I think as Washington
becomes more dysfunctional powers going
to the cities and states and I thought
the the basic efficacy of the Houston
government this week is is further sign
that that may have to happen even more
so these people working together then he
says well that means we can have more
immigration
what is that got to do with anything who
is saying you know I mean I'm sure there
are some people saying we don't want
people coming in because they're Mexican
but that's not what anyone
is really talking about they're talking
about the rule of law their time you
know the way they do this is they reduce
everything to a narrative everything you
see on the press is a narrative and then
you see that echoed even by smart people
on Twitter and on all the social media
where they start to argue about the
narratives before I get to that I want
to show it to you because it really is
amazing when you see them when you see
them doing it it just is an amazing
thing to watch we're talking about the
narratives of daca but before we talk
about that let us talk about business
travel because if you're in a big
business if you work for a huge
corporation you've got a whole
department that deals with business
travel but if you're in a small business
if you run your own business or you've
just got a couple of employees and you
have to travel on business where do you
go I will tell you you go to up side
dot-com up side comm knows that you need
somebody to take care of the deals that
you can either get you the deals that
you can get as a business up size has
the absolute best available prices for
flights hotel and rental cars for
business travel you can get up side will
reward you with a gift card card to
places like amazon.com every time you
buy a business trip and they have this
amazing they call it the six star
treatment it's even better than five
star treatment
it's the six star treatment you'll get
from upsides customer service
specialists they call them navigators so
it's a triple win recently a navigator
noticed an up side user was booked in a
middle seat on a three-hour plus fight
so the navigator upgraded her to an
aisle seat with more legroom that's the
way they take care of you if you work
for a big corporation that's the way up
side takes care of you if you work for a
small business that's just one example
of how up side navigators go above and
beyond for business travelers imagine
what they'll do for you up side
navigators are instantly accessible 24/7
by voice chat email or message on the up
side app even reaching out to you with
careful useful info to help you avoid a
problem before it happens I will start
your upside six star treatment right now
you go to up side calm and use my code
Andrew and you'll get a minimum one
hundred dollar gift card to amazon.com
which you can send to me out of
gratitude no I made that part up keep it
for yourself using yourself that's a
code
Andrew at upside calm for a minimum
hundred dollar gift card to amazon.com
when you buy your next business trip at
upside calm up site comm you deserve a
better business trip minimum purchase
required to see the site for complete
details in fact go on the site because
it's really easy to use and you'll see
what they're talking about we got a
break from Facebook and YouTube
but remember tomorrow is the mailbag so
there's questions that have been bugging
you your entire life can now be answered
in fact all the problems of your life
can be solved they won't be but they
could be you never know so you got to
subscribe it's a lousy 10 bucks a month
if you subscribe for the year it's a
lousy 100 bucks and you get two leftist
tears tumblr come on come on over to the
daily wire calm you can listen to the
rest of the show so as we move into this
new political season and as the
narrative that Trump is Hitler has
failed and as the narrative of the Trump
is crazy is starting to fail it's gonna
be Trump is mean Trump is mean Trump's
policies are mean they're not the best
thing for America and of course this one
is easy because what you're doing is
you're finding we all have this idea
that these little tiny children who were
brought in cradled in their lovely
mother's arms and now we have to be
protected from deportation and the thing
is but what the press wants to do is
they want to make everything a story and
then they only want to tell you one kind
of story so just let me just look at
this this is Allison Cammarata on CNN I
mean this is absurd asking the really
tough questions of a guy who says he a
young man who says he's a dreamer angel
you've called the possibility of this
terrifying what do you mean I think it's
terrifying that we can be so easily
betrayed by the government asking us to
give so much information that we had to
give to be accepted into daca and then
to have it turned around on a very
exceptional group of people I want to
ask you about that because when you
heard the idea that they
was gonna be this daca program and that
dreamers like new brought here at four
years old we're gonna be protected did
you have second thoughts about giving
your own firm ation to the government
yeah there was a very significant
discussion that my parents had to have
with me at that time I was 17 at the
time and that was kind of the first big
conversation that I had to have with my
parents about my legal residency here my
residency status and it was a it was a
risk so seems like a nice young fellow
right and I'm sure there are plenty of
these guys were nice young fellows and
plenty who are bad so do we tell this
story I mean you can just bet I love the
tough questions these answers you're
terrified what do you mean by terror
what do you why are you terrified why is
Trump so mean why is Trump being so
means here the tough question so this is
the thing you were supposed to think
that this is a story about narratives
and of course this is the narrative they
leave out but here is a father
testifying before Congress that a
dreamer killed his son my name is Jamil
Shah my son Jamil and Rashad a second
was murdered by a dreamer daca recipient
a child brought to this country by no
fault of his own
my family's peace and freedom were
stolen by an illegal alien from Mexico
he was brought here by his illegal alien
parents and allowed to grow up as a wild
animal some people believe that if you
are brought over by no fault of your own
that it makes you a good person they
want us to believe that DREAM Act kids
don't murder I am here to debunk that
myth kids brought over the border by no
fault of their own do kill Americans how
many Americans killed by illegal aliens
are too many one two hundred thousand
hundred thousand ask any parent whose
child was murdered by an illegal alien
how many is too many well that's right
because why because then when your kid
is killed you know God
for bid then suddenly that's the
narrative that becomes the narrative but
my question is this why is this an issue
of narratives we all know that people
know people are pretty much the same all
over culture affects them but basically
if they come to a new culture and they
can acclimate to that culture they'll
become like that culture we know we've
been doing this for a hundred years
assimilating people from all over the
world we can assimilate people from
Mexico we can assimilate people from
other countries that's not the problem
they're gonna be bad ones they're gonna
be good ones maybe the fact that they're
breaking the law coming into the country
militates you know tilts the balance
toward bad people maybe because a
self-selecting for people who are
willing to break the law but but that's
not the issue that is not the issue this
is not a question of narratives and this
is why this is why the Republicans are
always swimming upstream and why he gets
scurvy like John McCain is picking on
Trump for this and Paul Ryan you know I
used to be a fan of Paul Ryan's because
of his attempt to reform the entitlement
programs but he is really bobbling the
Trump administration he doesn't know
which way to turn all of these guys were
like you know making noise about how
they that Obama was violating the rule
of law here is why I think and I will
say I think Trump is a hundred percent
right in what he's doing I think he's
right to end daca it's unconstitutional
it makes I think any challenge to it
aside from the corruption of certain
leftist judges any challenge to it if it
gets to the Supreme Court it's gonna be
cut down it is going to be cut down
there people say they're gonna sue you
know like Andrew Cuomo in New York's and
we're gonna sue him you know sue over
what sue that he stopped something that
was illegal and he has given Congress
six months and so people are saying well
that's throwing the responsibility back
to Congress where they make the laws
that is what this story is about the
absolute abandonment by rock obama and
and the left of the rule of law has
caught people in the middle of this I
know people are gonna suffer I know good
people are gonna suffer but somewhere
along the line if somebody doesn't bite
the bullet and bring back the rule of
law there's gonna be a lot more
suffering Trump is right he's casting
his back he's putting this the onus for
this back into Congress and everybody is
sort of saying well why did he do that
why didn't he fix it why he can't fix it
he's just the president he's got to give
it to the people who should have done
something about it before actually they
did do something about it before they
refused to give people amnesty let's see
if they do that again and if he is
pushing this so that you know there's
there was one story that he's turned to
people said get me out of this because
he promised Trump promised he was gonna
get rid of this thing but but if they
say well now we've got to do something
about this and they pass a law that says
maybe let people who are already here
stay but nobody else or whatever at
least it's being done constitutionally
the rule of law is the thing that is at
issue and all these stories about this
dreamer is a murderer and this dreamer
is a lovely victim of circumstance they
don't mean anything I mean it's not it's
not that I want to harden my heart
against people it's that there's going
to be stories on both sides it's not
about the stories it's about passing
laws that we can obey that we can know
abide by and right now that has been
entirely abandoned I just wanted before
I get to the cultural segment of our
show because we had a lot to talk about
in the culture I we have to talk about
North Korea over the weekend North Korea
Kim jong-un
set off it seemed to set off a test that
he says was a hydrogen bomb and
obviously a hydrogen bomb must more
powerful than a bomb it is fusion not
fission right it's fusion of fusion
involves fission so that it's just like
a lot stronger hydrogen bomb would be a
lot stronger
that's pretty science that sounded like
I knew what I was talking about right
and Texas was in the Confederacy as well
so Nikki Ally who is just I mean I feel
I really feel for Nikki Haley you know
she's out there talking to these people
the most useless body of human beings on
earth this the United Nations you know
they're sitting there going your window
can we go now to our prostitutes yeah
it's like bleeding with them and so she
goes she really went off and she's
upping the ante that let's let's take
this to cut number three the time has
come to exhaust all of our diplomatic
means before it's too late we must now
adopt the
August possible measures Kim Jong Un's
action cannot be seen as defensive he
wants to be acknowledged as a nuclear
power but being a nuclear power is not
about using those terrible weapons to
threaten others nuclear powers
understand their responsibilities Kim
jong-un shows no such understanding his
abusive use of missiles and his nuclear
threats show that he is begging for war
war is never something the United States
wants
we don't want it now but our country's
patience is not unlimited we will defend
our allies and our territory begging for
war and just to add put an addendum on
that the Secretary of Defense Jim mattis
came out of a meeting with the president
and all the security guys and this is
what he said he added to that we have
many military options and president
wanted to be briefed on each one of them
we made clear that we have the ability
to defend ourselves and our allies South
Korea and Japan from any attacks and our
commitments among the Allies are
ironclad any threat to the United States
or its territories including Guam or our
allies will be met with a massive
military response a response both
effective and overwhelming Kim Jong Un's
should take heed of the United Nations
Security Council's a unified voice all
members unanimously agreed on the threat
North Korea poses and they remain
unanimous in their commitment to the
denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula
because we are not looking to the total
annihilation of a country namely North
Korea but as I said we have many options
to do so so it's basically saying don't
touch that dial we will blow you into
the next century I mean they're really
talking tough
meanwhile the the norc's are basically
making fun of him hon tae sung the
Ambassador from North Korea to the UN
he said the recent self-defense measures
by my country are a gift package
addressed to none other than the US the
US will receive more gift packages from
my country as long as it relies on
reckless provocations and futile
attempts to put pressure on North Korea
but you know I think we can all agree
that Kim Jong Un's personality would be
deeply improved by a missile in the nose
you know I think we could all say it
like we would love to see this guy blown
up and my suspicion is that Trump is not
gonna sit around and let this get worse
and worse that he will do something but
I think what he the things that he will
do will probably be a lot less dramatic
than wiping the country off the face of
the map as satisfying as that would be
at this point I think they're going to
involve that that kind of long-term
strategy of overthrowing the government
of encouraging North Korean dissidents
of cutting off trade and getting in the
way of their trade you know China and
Russia this notion the China or Russia
are gonna help us they love this stuff
they think this is funny little crazy
man is making America nuts they they
they're happy with the whole thing but
they're not our friends but I think that
undermining the regime is the way to go
and possibly at some point killing them
you know like this is one of the things
about the 60s is the people in the 60s
ruined everything right they got all
upset about you remember like the Bourne
Identity oh I'm killing people for the
government yes please please you know I
mean this was in the sixties like oh the
CIA is assassinating people we're as bad
as everybody else
oh we're over we're supporting you know
fascist governments to keep the
Communists out like that's what that's
what we were supposed to do that's
that's a good idea and like
taking out this guy and making you know
just sneaking up and back him with a pin
and exploding him because he looks like
a gigantic balloon would not be which
brings me to another insane leader of a
country Taylor Swift okay she's not
really a leader of the country but she's
leave the country of our hearts and this
this is an amazing thing
Taylor Swift it has a new album out and
you know Taylor Swift went from being
this sweet I mean everybody know she
went from being this sweet girl writing
country songs about the tears on her
guitar cuz her high school boyfriend
wouldn't wouldn't didn't love her and
love somebody else love the cheerleader
or whatever and I'm not I'm not a big
fan of any kind of popular music but she
was good those songs were actually you
know I thought those songs actually
reflected a certain kind of teenager and
a certain kind of high school in
struttin and you know you're the reason
for the cheers on my guitar it's
actually a good line for a country song
and please know you know those actually
good song then she's just started
sleeping with everybody yeah basically
and like all female singers every single
female singer on earth has managers
telling her that she's not doing the
right thing and she has to do something
else and they all eventually corrupt
these people so she went from being
someone who could have been a big
country star probably forever
she went pop and now she has gone
absolutely weird I mean this is
genuinely weird and she has put out this
new song
cult what's it called do you what look
what you made me do okay and if you if
you can't see because you're so cheap
you haven't spent the lousy ten bucks to
subscribe if you can't see it it opens
with this pan over this really grim
graveyard this is a sweet girl we just
years ago she what's this sweet okay
this is grim graveyard they get to a big
grave that says Taylor Swift's
reputation and then she arises out of it
like a zombie here is just a clip of
this song
you
you know apparently the song is filled
with like obscure references to all
these guys who've done all this stuff to
tell us what you know like because she
keeps throwing your body around right
he's now all this kind of trouble that
my favorite comment and this was from
the onion to their headline was Taylor
Swift unveils even darker persona with
new single skull effing maggot blank
boyfriend I can't even say what it says
Jesus it starts from the moment we see
her chewing the entrails of a bound and
gagged man wrapped in coils of barbed
wire it's obvious this is a version of
Taylor we definitely haven't seen before
so you're just getting darker and darker
and darker the other thing about this
though is a number of culture
commentators have said oh this is music
for the Trump generation right vulture
devouring culture and I mentioned them
they are a cultural site but I mention
them only because they're representative
of the representative of a lot of
different cultural commentaries just as
we reach the final dregs and leftovers
phase of summer the first pure truly
emblematic undeniable piece of pop art
of the Trump era landed right in our
laps two nights before the fight Taylor
Swift unloaded her new single and
although Trump's still seemed wedded to
you can all we can't always get what you
want as a signature rally closer he
really should consider an update
Swift's tour de force of defected
petulance is amazing it's essentially a
catalogue of every public feud she's had
and she's he basically goes on to say
that this is he says this is the anthem
of the Trump administration that turns
the abrogation of personal
responsibility into a posturing
statement of empowerment I mean if
that's not feminism and leftism in a
nutshell how did Trump become the symbol
of blaming other people with for your
problems I mean when as black lives
matter ever taking responsibility for
any of the dysfunction and inner city
neighborhoods when a feminists ever said
oh maybe this is us maybe it's problem
with us
I mean this is what the left has been
doing forever and on top of this the
fact that Taylor Swift is not denounced
Trump has not actually gone out of her
way to denounce from his bringing her
under fire because they say well maybe
maybe she supports Trump as if that were
some kind of crime so this is like this
is this war this culture war that's
going on to define everything everything
decent as being anti Trump and it's
really going to be interesting to see if
Intel you know one of the problems with
Trump is that he is he has not brought
the kind of never Trump intellectual
class around and so he's going to be
stuck in this culture with country and
western singers basically and those
black these singers who support him
because like these guys are just
absolutely dead set on this image of him
is the worst person you know the worst
person imaginable and so that's what
we're gonna be seeing as we come into
September as we come into the new
political season is going to be a fight
for Trump to reclaim the moral high
ground that he had on the day he won the
election when suddenly he said these
people have not been listened to these
people have not been appreciated I
appreciate them alright it is time for
sexual follies
yep all backers we're gonna end with
that before I get to the one thing I
really want to talk about I just have to
have a shout-out to my friend OB on who
jus Akio chat was call her hoo-doo
because who could pronounce it she got
she is a very powerful opponent of
abortion especially trying to keep
abortion out of Africa which he says is
essentially cultural imperialism these
white you know upper-class people come
in and say Oh which really needs his
abortion she says no one in Africa
thinks abortion is a good thing and so
they're selling this Western idea of
these crummy values and she got into an
argument with Bill Prady who was the
Twitter argument with Bill Preity the
executive producer of the Big Bang
Theory
it's really interesting so Preity first
tried to argue that the abortion is
biblically allowable because of a verse
in Exodus and the verse in Exodus Exodus
21 22 says if men struggle with each
other and strike a woman with child so
that she has a missed miscarriage yet
there is no further injury he shall
surely be fined as the woman's husband
may demand of him and he shall pay as
the judges decide but if there's any
further injury than you shall point as a
penalty life for life eye for eye tooth
for tooth hand for hand so in other
words they read this to say that the
killing the baby is not actually killing
you just get a fine but if you kill the
woman then that is really killing
unfortunately the translation is but
that's not what it really says what it
really says is if men struggle with each
other and strike a woman with child so
that the child comes forth in other
words it causes the the birth to be
premature then you get fined but if
there's any other injury that so the
either the woman of the child then it's
like for life so that that is a very
very dubious reading so anyway they get
in this argument on Twitter and Preity
the executive producer of The Big Bang
Theory says to her well are what if
somebody else's religion permits
abortion are you going to just stick to
it is only your religion valid and you
just said well it's still killing it
doesn't you know it's not the point of
the religion he said well I can't take
you seriously if you're not gonna allow
other religions and she said well then
what about honor
killing you can allow Muslims honored
Kathleen Brady
cut her off he just he blocked her on
Twitter because that was a bridge too
far he would not denounce honor killing
basically he wouldn't do it so anyway
that's the level of logic I'm glad that
there are people having these arguments
but that's the level of logic you're
dealing with from luck here is an
article from the New York Post cheap sex
making men give up on marriage thanks to
cheap sex marriage may be doomed the
share of Americans ages 25 to 34 who are
married dropped 13 percentage points
from 2000 to 2014 a new book by
sociologist Mark Regnerus blames this
declining rate on how easy it is for men
to get off Regnerus calls it cheap sex
an economic term meant to describe sex
that has very little cost in terms of
time or emotional investment giving it
little value Regnerus bases his ideas in
part on the work of British social
theorist Anthony Giddens who argued that
the pill isolated sex for marriage and
children ad online pornography and
dating sites to the mix and you don't
even need relationships that result is
two overlapping with distinctive markets
one for sex and one for marriage with a
ratchet rather large territory in
between comprised of significant
relationships of varying commitment and
duration in generations past women
generally made men wait until marriage
to have sex to get a wife and therefore
sex men had to be clean and presentable
and have a good job this Regnerus
reasons gave men all the motivation they
needed to become respectable members of
society but now with porn on demand and
greater reproductive freedom sex is a
commodity available at any time this has
left men with little motivation for
marriage now I want to talk about this
because first of all I'm not convinced
that it was ever that hard for men to
get sex if sex was what they wanted but
what I really think I don't think I've
never heard anybody talk about this but
me is that ever since the Industrial
Revolution the profit to be gained by
children has gone down and down and down
children used to be called the poor
man's wealth why because they worked
your land they did things for you they
helped that you out they helped you
build your business they became part of
your business but with the Industrial
Revolution
as the profit-making centers moved into
cities children left home and sometimes
they sent money back sometimes they
didn't their skills didn't exist in the
father's time so the father couldn't
pass skills onto them they became
separated from the family children have
become less and less of a profit-making
business so just looking at this from a
materialist economic perspective a child
today only costs you money there's some
chance he'll take care of you when you
get older and conservatives complain
they say well the government takes care
of you now so that means children don't
take care of you but that that was the
government reacting to the fact that
children now leave home children are
almost entirely an expense so think
about this for a minute if you're a
materialist and children are entirely an
expense children do not bring any money
in they only take money out children
have very little value who else has
value as a person who else loses value
as a person if children lose value women
lose value as people because their
special gift as they bring life into the
world so if you're a materialist and
children just take money away from you
then women's productive powers which
used to be their real power in the world
used to be their value and their power
gone away and that explains a lot of
feminism why feminists are insisting
that women's value doesn't have to do
with the home doesn't have to do with
raising children it has to do with doing
things that men do as well as men do
them which is unlikely because if you
believe in evolution then we're evolved
to do certain things and that's why they
do them that is why they do them it's
not like it's not like flying a fighter
plane existed and that we said oh only
men will be allowed to do that it's the
flying a fighter plane was invented by
men for men to do you know that's why
that's how it all happens now listen
this is not saying that women can't find
new avenues of value and all this stuff
but just remember this that if you're a
materialist than children's sole value
is economic their value has gone down
the value of children has gone down and
that is one of the reasons why birth
rates drop in civilized industrialized
societies and I think this is something
we need to deal with because I believe
of course children are a great spiritual
benefit that everybody should have them
believe that they make life life I
believe they make the schola teach you
the meaning of life I believe
children and the homes that women make
for them are the most valuable things
that happen in human life far more value
than being having far more value than
being the CEO of a company and all these
things but it's not all about sex it
really is about the entire economics of
the human family which has changed with
the invention of machinery and I think
that is the thing that women are dealing
with to to construct new value for
themselves in a highly industrialized
and highly mechanized society and the
thing that men are dealing with when
they think oh here we have this powerful
sex drive but if it leads to having a
child suddenly it's gonna cost me money
you know that's those are questions that
can only be addressed on the SIPP on the
spiritual plane or if you address them
on the economic plane I think a lot of
people are not gonna like the answers
including left wingers all right that is
sexual Follies show me that thing again
I'm so easy to entertain it sounds like
I'm just so easy alright tomorrow is the
mailbag it's a short week you got to get
that mail those questions in fast get
them in now and I will be back tomorrow
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show and we have Sebastian Gorka
with us tomorrow
