there's been a lot of talk recently
about white privilege and many of you
may have been wondering what is white
privilege
probably not but I'm going to tell you
anyway white privilege is when liberals
have so few problems that they have the
privilege of sitting around complaining
about white privilege you can see white
privilege in the liberal arts
departments of left-wing universities
for example at these universities there
are college professors who don't have to
know about anything but their own
opinions and who can't lose their jobs
because they have tenure these people
have it's so easy that the only thing
they can think to complain about is
white privilege that's white privilege
but you may ask if one privilege means
having it so easy that all you have to
complain about is white privilege can
black people have white privilege too oh
absolutely
say you're a black actor who makes a
freaking fortune on TV by showing up for
a few hours every week dressing up as a
poor person and reading line someone
wrote for you about how white people
have white privilege you now have so few
problems in life that you not only have
the white privilege to complain about
white privilege you have even more white
privilege than a white person with white
privilege because you're black so you
also have the white privilege of never
being accused of having white privilege
many black people of course do not have
white privilege these are black people
who live in cities run by liberals
liberal welfare policies have created a
culture of dependency for these black
people and liberal teachers unions have
kept them too uneducated to rise above
it liberal sexual policies have helped
create a horrific plague of illegitimate
see which is mired these black people in
generational poverty and liberal attacks
on police have left these black people
in neighborhoods so violent that they
are almost like war zones how the
Liberals help these people whose lives
they've helped destroy by complaining
about white privilege why because they
have white privilege so screw the black
people whose lives they helped destroy
now to be fair some liberals do try to
help these black people whose lives they
helped destroy how by pulling down
statues to oppose white privilege why
the liberals pull down statues instead
of changing the policies that have
helped destroy the lives of black people
because their policies haven't destroyed
their lives in fact their policies make
them feel great about
selves and what is it called when you
help destroy the lives of black people
but feel great about yourself while
uselessly pulling down statues to oppose
white privilege you guessed it it's
called white privilege so in conclusion
the best way to tell if you have white
privilege is if you're complaining about
white privilege because believe me if
you didn't have white privilege you'd
really have something to complain about
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show it's
mailbag day yeah all right we're gonna
answer all your problems all your
questions solve all your problems
answers are guaranteed 100% correct and
will change your life on occasion for
the better we also have tickety-boo news
which is your weekly lesson on how to
read the news to get it the good stuff
it's you know if you have to pull
through the the horse manure to get to
the pony but well let's start out by
giving you some advice right now about
how you get a mortgage if you've ever if
you've ever done this I don't know if
you guys have you ever done this yeah
you got it straight you just of course I
knew that I mean and it's it's a
painting that can they you have to sign
papers I mean the number of papers yeah
so so nobody knows what he's doing and
yet this is one of the biggest things in
your life so you don't want to just go
to one person you want to kick all the
prices together and compare same what
you do
same thing you would do if you're
getting on an airplane going to a hotel
now you know there's all these things
you can go on and compare prices get the
lowest price Lending Tree is what you do
where you go if you're going to get a
mortgage because about 80% of of people
who get a mortgage only get one offer so
of course you know you're not and the
thing is tiny little change in the
percentage can save you a lot of dough
the average Lending Tree customer can
save twenty thousand dollars over the
life
their own that's the average which means
half the customers can save even more
than that it really is just a little
tick in the percentage points your pain
it just makes all that difference
whether you're looking for a new
mortgage or to refinance or home equity
loan Lending Tree is the only place
where you get up to five real offers
from America's top lenders and can
compare side-by-side for free it takes
about three minutes and it's like
shopping for flights online only you're
shopping for the best mortgage offers
for you rates always go up or down but
regardless of what is happening with the
rates you can always get the right offer
for you with Lending Tree dot-com are
you sure you have the best deal find out
how much you can save today at Lending
Tree comm / clayvin and you may ask
yourself how do you spell Cleveland I
don't know yes I do
wait I remember suddenly KLA VA an
Lending Tree dot-com / Clavin Lending
Tree dot-com / Cleveland people are
saving an average of twenty thousand
bucks over the life of the loan Lending
Tree LLC nmls number 11 36 terms and
conditions apply I have to read that or
two guys who the banking system come
carry me over so you know one of the
things about FAL these the news these
days is I sit around I'm sure everybody
does this I smell and I'm not sure what
I'm seeing because everybody's got
strong opinions and the news law the
news people lie and of course
politicians are answers sometimes you're
sitting there looking at something and
you don't know what it is
last night I watched this rally and it
looked to me like Donald Trump as
Godzilla stomping on these on CNN and
the rest of the news media while they
ran around like the Japanese people in
those old you know Japanese monster
movie a week and a half they've been
poking him with this charlottesville
thing very unfairly I have to say I've
talked about how I didn't think he
handled it like he should have handled
it but they would have been totally
unfair to him saying he's defending
Nazis he's not defending white
supremacists he's not that he is a white
supremacist that Republicans are nuts so
they're poking him and poking him and
bananas like
it's Troy - I think after watching it
and I'm gonna show you why but I think I
think we've earned a trump happiness
montage do we I got it blow it blow it
we're gonna win so much we're gonna win
at every level we're gonna win
economically we're gonna win with the
economy we're gonna win with military
we're gonna win with healthcare and for
our veterans we're gonna win with every
single facet we're gonna win so much you
may even get tired of winning yeah
you'll say please please it's too much
winning we can't take it anymore I do
pretty oh so pretty I feel pretty and
witty and guess we have to keep
Lord I was watching as I was laughing so
hard
cuz he just knows where they live and
the thing that he's done you know he's
kind of like a comedian dealing with a
heckler my father was a comedian he told
me you let a heckler hit you like two or
three times before you go after him
because then the audience is on your
side you know you just rip them apart
that's what it is and we can have of
this nonsense about Charlottesville and
the way he dealt with it but the thing
is what he did what he has done in
Charlottesville is so important because
he's violating a great left-wing media
taboo which is which is a taboo on
saying anything that even seems racist
but but the way they define that is that
if you don't support leftist policies
you're racist and then when they catch
you on being racist you're supposed to
apologize and say oh my goodness I
seemed races tacitly making it defending
left-wing policies making it impossible
to say you know there shouldn't be
welfare in these places that just turn
people into dependence there shouldn't
be teachers unions you know they always
say the teachers you know who's going to
teach the children teachers unions don't
teach people they teach people they just
destroy schools and they destroy lives
and all these people and you know like
oh you're gonna go in and tell black
people you know about their sex lives
well yeah if they're having this this
legitimacy play that is destroying their
our fellow citizens of course we're
gonna talk to them just like we would
anybody else when what Trump did you're
not in calling out both sides and
calling out the violent left and like I
said he didn't do it as well as I would
have liked him to do it but in calling
out both sides and pointing out that
there is problem with files much more of
a problem with violence on the Left
let's face it there how many Nazis and
Ku Klux Klan people are there on that
cup that country we probably fit him
into a room in this building somewhere
which would be a good place to keep just
lock the door and they'd be but the left
is really a problem so he he's stripping
the media of their power to embarrass
and turn him toxic everybody around him
is running for their lives you know so
you know I don't wanna be tightest you
know there
to New York Times and Trump is just
standing there and fighting back if the
these people have an ounce of courage
they would stand there with him listen
to him turn on the media I mean and this
is hilarious this is just the beginning
of what he did what happened in
Charlotte
strikes at the core of American and
tonight this entire arena says united in
forceful condemnation of the thugs who
perpetrate hatred and violence but the
very dishonest media those people right
up there with all the cowards and I mean
truly dishonest people in the media and
the fake media they make up stories they
have no sources in many cases they say a
source says there is no such thing but
they don't report the facts just like
they don't want to report that I spoke
out forcefully against hatred bigotry
and violent and strongly condemned the
neo-nazis the white supremacists and the
KKK I openly called for unity healing
and love and they know it because they
were all there this is first of all just
leaving the press out of it for a minute
he's got his people cheering against the
KKK and the Nazis cheering against the
haters and that for people of goodwill
is a good thing this is a movement this
is these are you know this is a powerful
powerful man with a big big audience who
loves him and now they know they know he
has now brought them with him over to
the side of the anti haters so that's
that's great for everybody that's that's
good for everybody but at the same time
he then goes on and I'm not gonna play
the whole thing I went on forever but it
was four aureus Lee funny he goes on he
starts to read the statements that he
made and he says you know I when I
talked against 8:00 and then the next
day they said oh that's not enough call
out the KKK so I called out the KKK
then I to the next day I talked about
loving the I say we lovin and then I
made this speech and he goes on and on
and his fault true I mean this is the
other thing it's all true so the the
news media he's saying well he left out
the fact he left out the fact that he
said that there were problems on all
sides and on both sides and this is the
thing they've been hitting him with but
guess what we know that because that's
all they've been saying all this time so
all he was saying is yes I may have said
that but I also said these things and
you know these are the things he said
and he's kind of unimpeachable stuff you
know the way he talks in the way he made
it sound and that one line that one line
that they keep hitting him with about
the fact that he said there are good
people on both sides Matt Lauer's had
the vice president you know have you
ever met a good person on the Nazi side
but he wasn't talking about that and
everybody knows it they were T was
talking about the people who opposed
tearing down statues he was saying they
were good people
you know Pro on both sides of that issue
and I don't know if there were any good
people
it all seemed pretty pretty nasty to me
but like okay that so he's calling him
out so now he's taken away and then he
does a couple of other just brilliant
things that I'll just mention I don't
want to play the whole thing because
it's just when it was it was kind of
long you know but he's talking about the
fact about the elites and you've been
everybody is attacking the elites and he
says you know what I live in the White
House you know I went to all these good
schools I got better grades than they
maybe were the elites he's talking to
all these people and then what's
wonderful about him is here he is this
born millionaire this guy was born with
a silver spoon in his mouth talking to
people who've never seen a silver spoon
and saying ah you know we are all elites
together and you are with me it was it
was genius stuff it really was it was
peak Trump and your way you know it was
peak Trump he's caused the media not I
mean it was unbelievable
understood ad - I should add to that out
in the streets there are leftist
protesters all week long we've been
hearing like oh you know anti father
violence where CNN says violence in the
name of peace its peace through violence
peace like that I'm gonna get a little
tag on my clothes is at peace through
hot
Andrew Klavan beats through
he's the only people outside are the
left and you're throwing stuff at the
cops and the cops unleash on him so
they're rioting I mean we have we have
some oh yeah here's a cut number 8
showing number 8 this is like a video if
you can see it's like a black Trump
supporter can you can you play yeah it's
a black Trump supporter trying to get
out of here and this clown jumps on his
truck the pickup truck and slugs him so
these guys are beating up black guys cuz
they're not the official black guys
because they're supporting Trump these
white guys white leftist telling black
people they're not black enough not to
be punched in the face by an T follow
okay so and then then we cut to CNN and
this was the highlight of my evening I
mean I I I haven't had so much fun in
the long time it was really good but
let's start with Don Lemon Don Lemon the
stupidest man on television except for
Chris Cuomo who would be the stupidest
man on television except for Don Lemon I
told I think ban is gonna be on a show I
told them if you put them together
they'll have an average IQ of 1911 they
cut back the bottle um and after this
speech and of course CNN has now just
been forced to cover Trump ripping them
and here's lemons shocked reactions he's
unhinged it's embarrassing and I don't
mean for us the media because he went
after us but for the country this is who
we elected president of the United
States a man who is so pitted pedy that
he has to go after people who he deems
to be his enemy like an imaginary friend
of a six-year-old his speech was without
thought it was without reason
it was devoid of facts it was devoid of
wisdom there was no gravitas there was
no sanity there he was like a child
blaming a sibling on something else he
did it I didn't do it he certainly
opened up the race wound from
Charlottesville a man clearly wounded by
the rational people who are abandoning
him in droves meaning those business
people and the people in Washington now
who are questioning his fitness for
office
and whether he is stable good commentary
buddy loves how could he do that he must
be Ani it's it was great I'm sitting
there I'm popping you know my snacks
until I'm rich by the way I should
mention I get from nature box because
where else would you get them because
you don't want to just eat whatever is
in your cabinet because who knows where
it came from
night Reeboks sends you has snacks go on
you know what just go on their website
go in the nature box calm and you'll see
the great stuff they have is it's just
incredible and they change it all the
time become your input you can put in
input tell them what you want just to
read stuff off their list that I've
tried salt and vinegar of any veggie
chips which I love that coffee that I
keep talking about that coffee kettle
corn because it's got everything I like
coffee sugar popcorn I mean what else do
you want an apple in cinnamon oatmeal
these are great snacks but these are
high-quality simple ingredients which
means no artificial colors flavors or
sweeteners so you can feel good about
what you're eating you're sure to find
your new snack obsession at naturebox
they add new snacks every month and the
latest food trip from the latest food
trends and professional chefs and like I
said your input it's so simple go to
naturebox calm
naturebox will deliver them right to
your door there's no risk if you ever
try a snack you don't like don't eat it
naturebox will replace it for free and
right now you'll say if you know it's
pretty good and they're good and they
don't you know it comes with a list of
what you know the calories and all the
stuff so you don't just stop the stuff
into your mouth right now you have even
more you'll save even more nature boxes
offering clayvin fans three free snacks
with your first order when you go to
nature box calm
clayvin and by the way that's que la vie
yeah I love the fact I say this like
every single day and then they go on
Twitter in his que la vie en it's a
nature box.com
and you get three free snacks with your
first order that is the deal if you go
on and put in Clavin you'll get three
free snacks with your first order
when you go to nature box.com in nature
box comm slash Clavin it's
good stuff we got to say goodbye to
Facebook and YouTube because because you
haven't subscribed if you subscribe to
the daily wire.com you can watch the
whole thing right on the site plus you
could be in the mailbag which is coming
up after the break
if you subscribe it's only a lousy 10
bucks a month and if you subscribe for a
year it's only a lousy 100 bucks plus
mm-hmm you get the leftist tears MOG now
listen I don't like to enjoy the tears
of other people but I can't help it
they're just so good and when you put
them in this mug they stay cold they
stay hot they say any way you like your
leftist tears they will be in this
leftist juice tumbler I keep calling it
a mug but it's a tumbler because you
need a lot of left two stickers to
really really satisfy yourself alright
we'll see you over at the Daily wire
calm okay so so now the the CNN
commentary goes on and on and on it's
worth watching some more of it just just
for laughs I mean Rick Wilson is a
Republican you know they always have
these kind of Republican guys who hate
Trump because they think it's good
listen to this guy this is their
commentary on this speech and by the way
we should point out that there's there's
news in this speech too
first of all he did some hilarious stuff
you know they told them not to go don't
go after John McCain so he says and that
going after john mckay i'm not gonna
mention anybody's name but we lost their
health care by one vote one vote one i'm
not mentioning it but he goes he's
talked about sheriff joe arpaio because
he's been talking about pardoning him
and he says i'm not gonna do anything
controversial but sheriff joe is gonna
be oh i just have a feeling he's gonna
be okay he was having a blast glasses so
such funny stuff so they're not dealing
with the news oh and he actually made
news about the border he's talking about
the border
remember Mitch McConnell he and Mitch
McConnell having this view this was been
in the New York Times mr. McConnell and
Trump really have don't like each other
and they're going after each other and
Trump is obviously frustrated with the
health care vote
and McConnell says there's no way we're
shutting the government down there's no
way we're not going to raise the budget
level and Trump had this to say about
the border this cut number to one by one
we are finding the gang members the drug
dealers and the criminals who prey on
our people we are throwing them out of
the country or we're putting them the
hell fast in jail
we are cracking down on the sanctuary
cities that shield criminal aliens
finally and we are building a wall on
the southern border which is absolutely
necessary
build that wall now the obstructionist
democrats would like us not to do it but
believe me we have to close down our
government we're building that wall let
me be very clear two Democrats in
Congress who oppose the border wall and
stand in the way of border security you
are putting all of America's safety at
risk he doing that so so there's news
there's news that this thing he's making
news he's saying will close the
government he's saying he's gonna pardon
Joe Arpaio he took a swipe at John
McCain which is news here's Rick
Wilson's commentary this is like a guy
supposedly commenting on the news he
alternated between being a whiny
six-year-old who's had his Nintendo
taken away and and between being the
cranky old man who's out there
condemning everyone who doesn't worship
Him adequately it was an astounding in
our history and and I know the 25th
amendment is a remote possibility but if
people around him don't think that this
guy is absolutely bat-crap crazy they
are mistaken it's like the bat calling
the kettle crop they're you know
unbelievable stuff you know Scott Adams
said this thing and I wish I had said
this because I actually thought it but
Scott Adams got there first and he said
he's the Dilbert guy very very good
commentator very observed observant guy
and he said they're gonna be three
stages to Donald from but I have noticed
this too the first stage is he's
literally Hitler okay now we've passed
that stage and we've gotten to he's you
know he's crazy and he's incompetent you
know now is he he can't he can't do the
job and you removing he can't do the job
but that's a different than he's Hitler
cuz he's obviously not Hitler you know
he hasn't done anything isn't anything
like that we know of like Obama did
using the IRS corrupting the Justice
Department none of that stuff has
happened the the executive orders have
mostly been against executive orders
that were put in place with Obama so he
hasn't violated any of the norms of
American governance he's violated the
norms of American conversation in
American political discourse but he
hasn't violated any of the norms of more
much more important norms of American
governance so the Hitler phase has
passed now we're in the incompetent
phase he's not worthy
and all that and finally Adam says we're
going to get to the phase where they
just don't like his policies and once
they get there they're done because most
of America actually does will like his
policies they well I mean he's he's you
know he's a middle-of-the-road guy and
has been most of his policies he's got
some conservative stuff some liberal
stuff it's gonna be stuff he does that's
gonna drive me crazy as a conservative
stuff he does that's gonna drive the
Liberals crazy the liberals crazy people
crazy as liberals but basically
basically he's not that radical a dude
except in what he's attacking except in
attacking the state except in attacking
the regulations and all these things and
remember the press the press this crazy
press is now an organ of that state
that's who they are an organ Anora of
the people who are in place without us
whether we elect them or not and those
are the people the Trump offends the
most got to hear one more cut from that
CNN thing it was really funny here is
let's try a cup 5 this is kind of an
array of different people
the only possible defensible explanation
for Trump's disgusting on presidential
narcissistic behavior would be early
onset dementia maybe she's not the only
one who's been saying some people have
been saying that for months I mean but
listen we don't know if that but if he
he is has he shown that he's fit for
office no absolutely not
Don but to bakari's point this is
something that frankly the majority of
Americans who did not vote for this man
understood just how unfit he was to be
the occupant of the Oval Office tonight
I think was was historic on on a couple
of levels the first one is yes I do
believe that after tonight a lot of
people are going to be thinking that
he's not just completely unfit that he's
just not completely ill-equipped to hold
this office but that he might be
psychotically demented and ill you know
of the mind in order to take this off it
you know the other thing while this is
going on by the way while this money if
you can see the chyron on the CNN thing
is protests in street after
angry divisive speech as if Trump were
to blame for the fact that these clowns
are rioting they're riding the streets
the beating people up my favorite moment
of course was cut number nine if you've
got it the the video of this lefty moron
who throws the tear gas
back at the police so the police just
fire one right in his bullies you know
you can see this is a place can you just
saw one of the protesters go up there to
the mailbag I want to play one last cut
before we go though Mike shields and ex
RNC guy on another panel on CNN and he
comes on in and he tells them the simple
truth that and if they could listen to
him they could really take Trump on they
could take Trump on because we know
Trump has his flaws he has big
personality flaws and all this stuff
they could take him on but they can't
and shields explains why really
articulately the president spent a
tremendous amount of time tonight
criticizing the media and it's right to
push back on that it's right to hold him
accountable it's right that's
fact-checking but immediately after that
when the conversation shifts into he's
insane and he's unfit for office and
he's lost his mind and we're doing
psychoanalysis on television of the
president you're doing the work of
you're doing his work for him this is
almost what he wants to see happen is
that he criticizes the media and the
media themselves are unhinged and start
calling the president insane I think
that's a huge mistake I also think it's
a mistake not to call the protesters
left-wing protesters that are in and in
Arizona right now fighting the police I
think that's a mistake as well I think
if you could do those things not call
the president insane and just fact check
in and call the protesters out for who
they are you you gain the credibility
ground that you need to push back on the
president when he gives a speech like
this but you're almost doing his work
for him when we start calling them
insane so that you know that's the first
comment that I have to make about that
yeah well that's not only true
of course I don't know if they can get
their credibility about back after eight
years of giving Obama passed on
everything I mean I think that's the
problem all right let's do the mailbag
excellent excellent
Lyndsey's you screamed for the mailbag
from Dawson I was asked a great question
in a discussion with my moderate friend
it goes what's the difference between
health care and school how can so many
conservatives support a public option
for schooling such as high school and
hate the public option for health care
or out of different reasons first of all
school is almost it is virtually
entirely 8% of that but school budget
comes from the feds school is almost
entirely a local issue you get taxed in
your community property taxes you have
control over those taxes those Tattnall
you vote on those taxes those taxes go
to pay for schools in your district
controlled by local school boards in
your district that's why I oppose things
like Common Core because I do not want
the feds in any way even if they're
doing a good job I do not want the feds
in any way to get their fingers in there
so basically this is something that Suns
of complete control of the local
establishment secondly it's not a
bottomless pit you have to understand
there's healthcare
he's a bottomless pit there is no answer
to the two and three and four to your
healthcare because healthcare goes on
forever is it health care to keep a 95
year old alive you know using
extraordinary measures well if he can
afford it and he wants it then he can
pay for it if do you want the government
to say no it's time for him to die I
mean we don't want to give the
government that power over life and
death you know when a woman says well
it's healthcare for me to get birth
control and other people say what you
know I mean you're making a choice
that's not really healthcare there's
nothing like a sickness
you're making a choice to do certain
things take responsibility for your
actions you know pay your own way I
think everybody can afford a condom go
ahead and do it
remember there is nobody has ever left
behind and in healthcare in terms of
emergency care in this country there has
always been emergency care you go to an
emergency room they have to take you in
you're hurt they have to take in we're
talking about the levels of healthcare
that are animists they are bottomless
when do you stop when does
do you want to give the government the
right to decide when to stop
it's it's unfair but it's less unfair
it's unfair that rich people can get
better healthcare than poor people life
is unfair life is unfair if you're
trying to fix the unfairness of life you
have to give the government the power to
regulate every single thing much much
different than this your local school
from Jessie do you think it's racist to
not be attracted to a certain race no I
think you're attracted to you're
attracted to this exchange you know it's
like saying you don't like people who
were shorter you don't like people you
know this is a funny thing about the
leftist first they tell you you can't
attack somebody which I largely agree
with if they're attracted to people of
their same sex you can if they have some
kind of paraphilia where they do some
kooky thinks actually you're not allowed
to say anything about it you can't
attack them fine that's fine with me but
you can't attack them for what they
don't do you can't attack them because
they don't want to go out with a
transgender person because he's not
really a girl he's really a guy you know
but you can it that you know you're
attracted smell it's nobody's business
we respected you know who if you were
only if you were only attracted to
people of a different race that would be
fine too it's your business this is
nothing I don't know why people cannot
leave other people alone I'd like I have
never lost a minute sleep worried about
somebody else's consensual sex like from
Jacob hello mr. doctor professor cliff
and this sounds like a doctor fasiq
laven what in our culture do you think
led us to use Jesus Christ as a slang
curse word ah well but I mean obviously
that comes very natural to people since
the ten commandments fourth commandment
is do not take the name of the Lord in
vain so people do that it's pretty easy
to see how it happens you started out
you start out by saying as a prayer you
know thanks God or please God that you
don't offend me
and then it becomes basically a reflex
so instead of saying you know please God
you're saying Oh God and you're saying
dear God and all those things and
ultimately especially if the faith goes
out of it you're just using it I don't
know if you call it a curse word but as
an exclamation but obviously it's a very
human thing to wear they wouldn't be in
the ten commandments telling you not to
do it from
my goal you frequently tell us that we
on the right should be loyal to
principles rather than persons in
support of what we are for for example
you said that we shouldn't heckle the
Macbeth in the park because it would be
untrue to our beliefs and free
expression we shouldn't yes that's true
why then why have you then chosen
without any evidence I've heard to deem
the Charlottesville protestors to be
Nazis and you you use this to exclude
those people from the benefit of the
constitutional rights you tell us we
must extend to other groups who find
disagreeable well there's so many things
I try to call the Nazis because they're
carrying flags and swastikas on them and
they call themselves Nazis you know I
mean obviously they're not all Nazis I
did lutely linked together the white
supremacists and the races and the Nazis
I hate all of them and you know I mean I
mean I just despite I despise their
philosophies or every single one of them
and I'm not trying to deprive them of
anything I believe they have the right
to free expression I believe I could
have the right to express my disdain and
contempt for them and for the people
this is the biggest letter I've been
getting over the last week and a half is
people saying you keep saying these
people are in our house but they're not
in our house because they don't believe
the things we believe here's my point
let's let's say these guys call
themselves let's say these guys hate
they hate you they hate black people but
whoever else they hate and they call
themselves the Andrew Clavin club okay
they don't believe anything that I
believe but they're using my name
they're appropriating my name so I have
to go out of my way to say that I
disagree with them and I despise their
beliefs same thing with these guys
they're calling themselves right-wingers
they're voting for some of the same
candidates we vote for they're calling
themselves Trump supporters you know I
didn't announce them because they are
doing things in the name of my
philosophy that do not fit with my
philosophy don't link up with these
people this is it's just the wrong way
that's everything about it is wrong it's
wrong philosophically it's wrong
politically it's wrong morally it's
against God it you know it is against
the image of God every single person on
earth is made in the image of God you
don't like it take it up with God and
see what he has to say about it just
don't stand too close to me while you're
doing it from Andrew so print great name
what a good name Supreme Leader Clavin
the wise at what point is it acceptable
for fighting physical fighting to occur
well I'm a great believer in that
growing up shouldn't hit each other I am
a great believer that grown-ups
shouldn't hit each other and I actually
I mean I I think I can think of times
when I would have hit children but I
didn't even hit my children no hope or
did they deserve it I got I mean you you
know my kid oh man yeah no really
but but I you know I think there's so
much can be accomplished without doing
that so I would only really want to do
violence and self-defense I think that
that is true
mostly for war as well as just personal
fisticuffs you know I think that most
most of the arguments for war have to do
with self-defense in other words even
though it's happening overseas you think
eventually it's going to come over here
I think self-defense is a good place to
start I can think of a couple of gray
areas but you know I mean there I could
see somebody in your face doing stuff
that's so rotten that you have to slug
him because you know he's gonna slug you
first you know you might have to act
first but basically I think you should
not violence violence is extraordinary
because it shuts down every other means
of expression and shuts down any other
means of finding a path to agreement
it's an extraordinary act that really
should only be taken in under
extraordinary terms from Heather hey mr.
Clavin I think your show enriches us
thanks my question is in the event of a
labor shortage in the USA because of a
very strong economy would we naturalize
illegals to help supply the labor needs
and would it be worth doing but be worth
contempt and that's where that means you
know obviously that is one of the
reasons people bring in immigrants and
naturalized them but of course we should
bring in the immigrants that we need and
not the immigrants who necessarily are
the first ones who come in or who break
in or who violate the law to come in
that does happen in countries and I
think you have to be careful about it
because you do find that you suddenly
have a problem one of the things that's
happening here is as much as we need and
love immigrants the people have a sense
when too many when there's been too much
you know and they it's just a kind of
inarticulate sense that sometimes
expresses itself in nativism it's not
like we'll never be wealth more
welcoming to immigrants again
it's the right this minute we have
basically lost control of our borders
and
you want that control back and that's
one of the things that put Trump in
office and so I think if there is a
labor shortage of course there's nothing
wrong with bringing new people into the
country we love new people we just turn
them into Americans that's the idea from
tejana I pull them pronounce that
correctly
dearest apostle Andrew as a former
Catholic I inherited a strong belief in
mother Mary and the role of the mother
in religion and spirituality in recent
times I feel this is even more true yet
modern Christianity doesn't see the role
of mother as preeminent what's your take
on the role of mother in Christianity
well CS Lewis said and I actually
believe this to be true that the role of
home that the job of homemaker is the
central job that is the central job
around which all other jobs circled all
other jobs are actually in support of
being a homemaker which I believe is
best done by mothers I believe they're
built by for it by nature and I you know
obviously there are individuals where
that's not true but I believe in general
women and mothers are built to make
homes by nature that that's what they
were there for and yes the elevation of
Mary was a you know a very sound way of
elevating women one of the reasons that
women were elevated in the West was
because of the worship of the Virgin
Mary I mean that is one of the things
that put women on an elevated platform
and her role of mother elevated that as
well and I think I think quite rightly
and quite rightly and I think the reason
modern Christianity is afraid to go
there is because if feminism they're
afraid of being roughed up by the
feminists and that's the key part you
know the important thing about being a
Christian is always be afraid of the
opinions of the world so you just throw
away your principles and your religion
in fear of political crisis well or
maybe it's the opposite of that I think
I can't remember I can't remember all
that
finally from Christopher oh great and
honorable Clavin the master of the
mailbag the Slater's leftist ideology
the destroyer of the left the worldly
guy of words a true-blue friend of
mankind serve that I think that's did he
covered I think except for overlord I
think he got it all yeah I have
something to ask how is forgiveness done
serious question my mother stole a
little over ten grand and my house from
me and treated me horribly as a human
being my aunt tells me
to forgive her and move on with my life
other family members tell me I need to
go and forgive her and talk to her after
all the damage he has done financially
and emotionally it's been hard because I
keep thinking of what she has done
should I forgive her can I forgive her
and not have her in my life how does
forgiveness work thank you sir yes you
can't forgive her and not have her in
your life forgiving people does not mean
allowing them to abuse you it doesn't
mean allowing them to continue to abuse
you if that is what they do forgiveness
is an act of the will
you can't pluck the anger out of your
heart but if you lead with your will and
forgive with your will the anger will be
worn away if you refuse to feed the
anger if you refuse to nurture the inner
conversations in your head where you
tell your mother off or where your
mother gets punished if you refuse to
let those daydreams take you over and
you will yourself to forgive her
eventually you will forgive her in your
heart as well as your mind but that no
way means that you have to allow her to
abuse you I think people are too soft on
their parents sometimes because they
want everybody wants a parent and it's
hard to live without a parent as I well
know and I think it's when you have to
walk away to maintain yourself it can be
very difficult but sometimes that is
what you have to do but you don't want
to take that anger with you you do not
want to live in anger and hatred you
know so forgive with the will and teach
yourself to forgive a teacher of heart
to forgive as well all right I think
that's it I went through every I got
through every mail bed question oh not
every one but every one that we picked
out all right let's move on to
tickety-boo news
yeah I just wanna have that happen again
and again keep doing the tickety-boo
news yeah all right now the purpose of
tickety-boo news okay I just want to
explain this because it's a little bit
you know it's not good news it's not
just oh a happy thing happened here or
something like that it's teaching you to
read into the news or saying how I think
you should read into the news to see
what's really going on instead of what
the media tells you is going on because
the media has a purpose one of its
purposes in this particular
administration is to make Trump so toxic
to be anywhere near near that people
desert him and you can see that they did
a good job over the Charlottesville
thing the businessmen who deserted room
and then you heard Don Lemon well the
businessmen have deserted and well there
were cowards there were cowards they
deserved them they could have looked
look if they disagreed with him they
could have come out and said look we
disagree with that but they're so afraid
and remember remember the left the left
now basically controls big business when
you talk about the people who control
opinions on the internet that Google
people of Facebook we lose all left
wingers and all people who are afraid of
the ill opinion of the left ill opinion
is a very very powerful weapon and so
these people continually are telling us
you will pay a price if you don't bow
and kowtow to the left now they're doing
it with Colin Kaepernick Colin
Kaepernick is has been basically excised
from football because his egregious
attacks on our flag and his protests
over basically nothing his protests over
nothing is a refusal to stand up a bad
business trust he's not that good a
quarterback he had a good season when he
could run and pass but when they
discover that the guy can't run without
getting hurt and that's gonna cost them
their investment he can only pass and he
wasn't that good a quarterback that's
why he's out there pulling all this
pressure that's how they do this all the
time and what I would like to end and by
the way it works you know for some of
the here's a piece from The Wall Street
Journal assist for some of the top
figures in the Trump administration the
ones who occupy the more conventional
space of the political world last week
was tough they're talking about the
Charlottesville thing they listened in
distress as the president they work for
appeared to defend a march marked by
white
anti-semitic sentiments in
charlottesville I don't think he did
that but they spun it that way from the
left and from some nevertrump
conservative circles they were then told
they had a moral responsibility to
resign meanwhile on the Breitbart right
they were being called traitors and
worse there they will let labeled White
House globalist out to undermine Donald
Trump's agenda and who had helped drive
out strategist Steve Mann and the cry
was for them to be booted out so this is
what these guys are doing should they
resign you know this is the idea of what
the press is doing but let me just point
to a story it's a couple of stories the
story about Mizzou which is the flagship
of the University of Missouri
now you remember back in October 2015
student activists claimed that this
university was racist
they sent administrators a list of
demands the president of the University
of Missouri system should resign after
delivering a handwritten apology
acknowledging his white male privilege
this is what they wanted the curriculum
should include comprehensive racial
awareness and inclusion training I would
prefer but just taught them how to speak
English and do math 10% of the faculty
and staff should be black so we're going
to buy into the whole racist narrative
two weeks later a student announced he
was going on a hunger strike the
football team refused to practice or
play until the university met the
demands protesters occupied the quad
administrators bent over backward to
accommodate them even providing a power
strip so they could charge phones and a
generator and remember the
communications instructor and Melissa
clique who said give me some muscle to
get this reporter off remember that
woman is you always see the picture of
her okay so what happens to Mizzou okay
what happened to Mizzou here is an
article about what happened to Mizzou
Timothy Vaughan dutifully cheered the
University of Missouri for a decade
sitting in the stands with his swag two
hotdogs and a diet coke he estimates he
ascended between 60 and 85 elect at let
ik events every year now he says I
pledge from this day forward not to
contribute to the Tigers scholarship
fund buy any tickets to any University
Missouri athletic event or to attend any
of letting event he was not alone
thousands of pages of emails that this
writer obtained through the Missouri
Freedom of Information Act show that
many alumni and other supporters were
disgusted who the
ministers feeble response to the
disruption and they have stopped giving
money if their registration has dropped
off I can't remember is like it's huge
like 35% if they're closing buildings
there has been a price to pay
meanwhile you remember chick-fil-a you
remember the fast food place that where
the the head the CEO is a Christian who
doesn't support gay marriage and they
came under all that remember they tried
to do it and he's just faced them down
he said no this is what I believe now
listen I don't agree with the guy but I
believe in his right to believe what he
believes and to say what he believes in
to support what he believes he stood up
for himself and now as of a year ago
this was the chick-fil-a became the
dominant fast-food restaurant in the
country selling multiple times more than
yeah I mean more than Kentucky Fried
Chicken you know this is the thing there
is a price there is a price on the left
that they do not promote they only want
to tell you that there's a price for
following Donald Trump and being on the
right they want to tell you you know who
is it Russ Russ Feingold wrote this
piece which is kind of admitting what
what they all what they all say
he says Democrat Senator for Wisconsin
Russ Feingold the former Democrat
senator you were to column for The
Guardian he said the lesson from
Charlottesville is not how dangerous the
neo-nazis are it is the unmasking of the
Republican Party leadership in the wake
of last week in weekend's horror and
tragedy let us finally finally rip off
the veneer the Trump's affinity for
white supremacy is distinct from the
Republican agenda of voter suppression
renewed mass incarceration and the
expulsion of immigrants were all Nazis
okay so that this is what they are
trying to create but the fact is the
fact is the people will stand by you if
you stand up for your principles as
chick-fil-a shows and they will punish
you if they can when you collect when
you capitulate to this leftist pressure
always remember the news is an
instrument of leftist pressure trying to
create that toxicity but the facts on
the ground is that you can survive
standing up for your principles you can
survive and the people will support you
and the people who in business should
know this and the other price by the way
I'm going to
got to finish up at the other price for
the rampant violent leftism that we see
is guys like Alan Dershowitz and I point
to Dershowitz specifically one of the
last sane men in America is because
Dershowitz is an old-style liberal he is
the old you know you would have said in
the old days always a Jewish liberal guy
you know a typical guy like that listen
to him talk about antifa remember that
President Roosevelt Franklin Delano
Roosevelt put 110,000 japanese-americans
into detention centers that President
Lowell of Harvard imposed anti-jewish
quotas that discrimination against women
was rampant once you start rewriting
history of african-americans in this
country you have to start rewriting
history of discrimination against many
many other groups look we're both a
nation of immigrants and a nation of
discrimination against immigrants that's
an important history for us to remember
and the other important thing is do not
glorify the violent people who are now
tearing down the statues these many of
these people not all the many of these
people are trying to tear down America
an tyfa is a radical anti-american
anti-free market communist socialist
hard hard left censorial organization
that tries to stop speakers on campuses
from speaking they use violence and just
because they're opposed to fascism and
to some of these monuments shouldn't
make them heroes of the Liberals that is
a classic liberal of the last generation
and what he thinks up two days left
there's a price that the left is paying
and will continue to pay and it will get
worse and so when you're reading
remember when you're reading the news
you are reading people trying to inflate
the price of being a conservative and
deflate the price of being a left-wing
or the reality it's exactly the opposite
and that's tickety-boo news which we
have to see that guy again gotta see it
to play that tip you lose
it's worth doing it just for that
alright um tomorrow we have dr. Everett
Piper who has written a book called not
a daycare the devastating consequence of
abandoning truth talking about the
university's really really interesting
guy
that's tomorrow I'm Andrew Clavin this
is the Andrew Clavin show and we will
see you
you
