during this disastrous Trump
administration when the country is
reeling under full employment and the
fact that you can practically order a
cure for cancer from Amazon and have it
delivered the next day the nation's
journalists have issued a new booklet of
guidelines entitled how to create as
much as stereo as possible from acts of
violence that are about as likely to
kill you as a bolt of lightning
ricocheting off the guy next to you and
knocking over a tree that falls on a car
and then flips over and lands on your
head the pamphlet published by the
junkie organization of uninformed rock
headed Oaks where jur know begins with a
preface reading quote in this terrible
time when the candidate we wanted for
president lost because she was felonious
come it's very important that every
psycho who kills someone for some
incomprehensible reason be turned into a
major news event and then blamed on
Donald Trump and the people who elected
him instead of the felonious scum we
loved so very much unquote the pamphlet
then continues quote although it's true
we can't make the entire country
hysterical over nothing because there
are people with only a high school
education who own dogs that are smarter
and more realistic than we are we should
be able to spread panic and liberal
enclaves where individuals with advanced
degrees are already living in a fantasy
world largely created by us in the first
place since many of these jackasses live
in Washington DC their panic could cause
real problems for everyone else who will
then panic and turn and our goal will be
accomplished unquote the pamphlet then
goes on to give some rules for covering
violent events in order to make them
seem more threatening than they are and
then blame them on Donald Trump quote
rule number one some of you journalists
may remember how Barack Obama made a
speech about Isis and implied that
Christians were just as bad because they
had fought in the Crusades some of you
may remember how we praised Obama as a
broad-minded leader for blaming both
Muslims and Christians when only Muslims
were to blame now do the opposite of
that if Donald Trump responds to fascist
violence by honestly pointing out that
leftists are violent as well accuse him
of defending fascists and even of being
a fascist himself rule number two when
Islamists commit terrorist acts make
sure to point out that all Muslims are
not to blame
but when fascists commit terrorist acts
make sure to say that all right wingers
of the blame and all Republicans and
especially
Donald Trump rule number three Donald
Trump can be boorish and inarticulate
and half the time no one knows what he's
talking about including him make sure to
give his words the most obnoxious
interpretation imaginable and then
pretend that what you said he said is
what he really said and then when
there's an act of violence blame it on
what you say Trump said even though he
never said it finally if you want to see
these rules in action you can just watch
CNN but of course no one wants to do
that
unquote trigger warning I'm Andrew
Clavin and this is the Andrew Clavin
show
