thousands gathered in Boston over the
weekend for the most confusing protests
ever held in what seemed to be a
microcosm of the nation as a whole no
one at the protest knew what anyone
believed they just knew that they
themselves were Paragons of virtue and
hated everyone else they were Nazis
supporting free speech anti fascist
supporting fascism and seven guys were
trying to get to the Red Sox game but
stopped off at the protest to see if
there was any free beer President Trump
added to the confusion by tweeting that
the country needed to heal but he
spelled heal h ee l so no one knows what
that was about
maybe something having to do with feet
your guess is as good as mine
CNN's Jim Acosta tried to clear things
up with a report from the scene saying
quote look at me I'm Jim Acosta I can
stand on my head and wiggle my toes look
at me look at me look at me right now
unquote a cost of then played a video of
himself
shouting rude and ignorant questions of
people without listening to their
answers and offered to sell passers-by a
home video entitled the Acosta family
picnic starring Jim Acosta in one
touching moment during the protest white
supremacist and anti-fascist joined
together for the annual worst people in
the country sing along singing quote we
are the worst people in the country we
wish we could write a song with clever
lyrics or even words that rhyme but we
can't because we are the worst people in
the country unquote the nation's
politics have become so confusing of
late because unemployment racism in
crime are at such low levels that no one
knows what to complain about so they're
just complaining about the first thing
that comes to mind
statues internet memes and every blessed
word out of Donald Trump's mouth as one
protester put it quote personally I
don't have any real problems that
couldn't be fixed by a good psychiatrist
but if I scream loudly enough maybe I
can make everyone hysterical about
something unquote Boston police
meanwhile seem to have done a good job
minimizing the violence at the rally
spreading out over the city and what
they called Operation keep these
knuckleheads from hurting one another as
one officer put it quote I have never
seen so many idiots gathered together in
one place for no earthly reason it's
like they held an aimless idiot
convention in Philadelphia and the
people who were too stupid to find their
way there
to boston instead unquote not all of the
protesters were terrible people however
one woman held up a sign saying we all
have to love one another but then
someone explained to her that that was
never going to happen so she went home
and watched TV as cNN's Jim Acosta
reported at the end of the day quote
look at me I'm Jim Acosta I can pat my
head and rub my tummy at the same time
I'm Jim Acosta look at me unquote
actually everyone at the protest seems
to have been saying pretty much the same
thing
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
