so is everybody a Nazi now Plus is
auntie pho really very dangerous or not
and we will talk about Steve ban and
leaving the White House I'm Ben Shapiro
this is the Ben Shapiro show yeah its
total eclipse day and this is the day
when a guy comes back from the future
and tells us all about it and we give
him all the power just like in a
Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's
Court we'll talk a little bit later
about the solar eclipse if we have to
I'm still weirded out by the fact that
people are so obsessed with a giant
circle moving in front of another giant
circle in the sky but nonetheless we
will get to solar eclipses talk we're
actually filming this inside a
completely dark studio so I will be the
only one who can see after this is over
I'm very excited about this how the last
seeing person in America along with
Mathis and Jess the other people in this
room are safe so we will be your new
rulers when this is over and you're
blind wandering the streets not knowing
what is going on but will be able to see
here and here filming this so haha
anyway before we get to any of the
latest news and first want to say thank
you to our sponsors over at legacy box
so when was the last time you watched
those home movies that are stuck in your
garage in a box moles myrrh and well
wrapped to eat at them when was the last
time you looked at those pictures the
answer is you haven't in 30 years but
they will be ruined if you leave them
out in the garage and that's why you
need to talk to my friends over at
legacy box you take all the old pictures
all of your old film reels all of your
old tapes their VHS tapes for the kids
those are those tapes used to put in the
funny machine and you take all of those
and you send those all the way to the
legacy box they will send you a box you
put labels on them you send it all the
way back to legacy box a legacy box puts
those all on a thumb drive or DVD for
you so you can access them at any time
instead of if there's a fire or a flood
or zombie apocalypse during the Eclipse
if any of that were to happen you would
no longer have to worry about schlepping
boxes of crap out of your garage now you
just grab the DVD or the thumb drive and
all of your family memories are
preserved you load the legacy box with
your old tapes films pictures and audio
recordings you send it back and they
take care of everything and the provide
updates at every step because they have
those little barcodes on them so you can
actually see what they've done with each
particular piece of material that you've
sent back to them over a quarter million
families have used legacy box for a
limited time go to legacy box comm slash
Ben and you get a 40% discount on your
order that's legacy box comm slash Ben
you get a 40% discount on your order
it's a service they definitely need to
use it's great
or for your parents it is fantastic for
siblings as well makes a terrific
birthday gift
legacy box comm /ban that is legacy box
comm /ban you got a 40% discount on your
order and that lets them know that we
sent you so there's this very irritating
line of thought that has now appeared
from the left and it is super duper
irritating and is that if you condemn
auntie fuh and you also condemn
neo-nazis you are there for covering for
neo-nazis this is stupid and it's part
of a broader effort by the left to paint
everyone in the world who is on the
right as a neo-nazi or Nazi sympathizer
or a Confederate sympathizer it's really
ugly as I said last week there's a
number of propositions I think that 95
percent of Americans agree on Nazis bad
communism bad violence against peaceful
protesters bad right those three seem to
me pretty simple and it seems to me like
the vast majority of Americans should
agree with those but because of
political motivations on all political
sides all of this has gone into the
background it's receded into the
background said we're clubbing each
other over the head apparently all right
wingers are supposed to be neo-nazis and
all left wingers are anti feh and
narrate the to show me so today I want
to talk about who is who because I think
there's a lot of category or going on I
think that people are looking at the
rally that happened in Boston the Boston
Free Speech Coalition rally and the left
is saying that's a bunch of neo-nazis
and then the right is looking at all the
protesters the forty thousand protesters
who showed up and they're saying all of
those people are antifa
no no okay so if you're going to gauge
the particular merit of a group you have
to gauge them along two lines one line
is what do they believe and the other
line is what do they do right you can
gauge the morality of what somebody
believes and engage the morality of what
they do so one of the things that's been
very irritating is when people like me
say an Tifa is an evil group because
they violate the social contract by
beating up people with whom they
disagree he'll say oh you're saying
they're worse than the Nazis no I'm not
saying they're worse than the Nazis in
terms of their belief system I'm saying
if they initiate violence and the Nazis
don't then they are worse than the Nazis
in terms of their particular behavior
now if the Nazis initiate violence then
we have moral equivalence in terms of
their behavior and the Nazis are worse
on ideology I'm trying to be very
specific in particular here because I
don't like broad labels now I want to
correct myself on that score because
I've said before that the left has been
very kind to Antipa let me be clear
about this I don't mean everyone on the
left I mean many mainstream leftists
okay many more mainstream leftists are
kinder 25 am right wingers are
kind to the alright okay the alt-right
has been a movement that a lot of people
on the right have kind of went and
nodded at president Trump and Steve
Bannon among them but the idea that the
entire right has been winking and
nodding or or openly celebrating forget
winking and nodding openly celebrating
me all right that's not true and the
left many mainstream leftists have been
openly celebrating Antigua so I think a
great case in point is what happened
over the weekend in Boston so Oh in
Boston this weekend there is what the
Boston free speech coalition called
it's free speech rally leading up to it
the mayor of Boston named Thomas Walsh
he said that he doesn't want any of the
white supremacists in his city here's
what he had to say we also have a
message to the hate groups especially
any that are planned to come to our city
this weekend Boston does not welcome you
here Boston does not want you here
Boston rejects your message we reject
racism we reject white supremacy we
reject anti-semitism we reject the KKK
we reject neo-nazis we reject a metric
terrorism and we reject hatred and we
will do every single thing in our power
to keep hate out of our city okay so
it's fine for him to say that he wants
to prevent people who are hateful
shouldn't be in the city that's fine
when he says we'll do all in our power
to keep them from entering the city
that's illegal
okay you can't prevent people from
moving into your city because of their
viewpoint that's just not something that
you can do but what's amazing about this
is is who are the Boston Free Speech
Coalition so let's talk about this for a
second because here's my fear my fear is
that what happened in Charlottesville is
now going to be conflated with events
that are not all trite events that are
not white supremacist so I'm gonna speak
in Berkeley in September 14th is the
media gonna cover that as though I'm an
alt writer because that fits their
convenient narrative that I'm some sort
of neo-nazi because they'll be absurd I
was the number one target of the
alt-right
in 2016 right we're yarmulke I'm an
Orthodox Jew because it would be insane
but I fear that the media and the left
are going to do exactly that
I fear the media on the left are gonna
do exactly that and they're gonna use
the Boston situation as sort of their
prototype for this so Boston Free Speech
Coalition
it originally invited a couple of guys
who are what they call out light one is
named Joe Biggs and the other is bass
stick man we've had bass stick men on
the program before specifically to talk
about an teef of violence in Sacramento
and Berkeley right so there these are
guys who are friendly with the alt-right
but I don't think it's fair necessarily
to call them devil
tee's of the alt-right per se in any
case these guys were both slated to
speak at this particular rally and they
were both cancels because the rally said
listen we don't want to be associated
with anybody who's even alt light we
don't want people who are associated
with that so we openly condemn white
supremacism neo Nazism and the alt right
this is what the organizers of the event
said they said this clearly and openly
in the days leading up to this event and
they said we don't want anything to do
with those people and in fact here's a
picture from the event okay at the event
there was a a guy who's a congressional
candidate whose name is dr. Shiva
ayyadurai who's a congressional
candidate in Boston here's a picture
from this event and what you can see is
that they're standing inside a gazebo on
Boston Common I know the gazebo well
because I used to go to school in Boston
so I know Boston Commons pretty well and
his tweet says to all fake news this was
the white supremacist free speech rally
I just spoke at okay and what you can
see is shit it says Shiva for Senator
Shiva for Senate and then people are
holding up signs that say black lives do
matter okay does that sound like a white
supremacist rally to you they're holding
up signs that say black lives do matter
at this supposed white supremacist rally
and then there's another kind of lefty
thing says no to GMOs stop Monsanto it
sounded lefty things the black lives
matter it by the way it's a it's it's
sort of a lefty thing to pander to the
black lives matter movement but matter
movement but there's a person who's
holding up a sign that's also sponsored
by Shiva for Senate and it says clean
food clean air clean government no to
GMOs stop Monsanto against a real lefty
cause the anti GMO cause does this sound
like a white supremacist rally to you so
on Twitter I went out and I said you
know what's the evidence that this was
actually a white supremacist rally
because it was sort of being pitched
that way even huffington post said it's
not a white supremacist rally even
huffington post said the white
supremacist didn't show up but the but
was this alleged so the only evidence
that anybody could see was there was one
guy literally one guy who showed up
wearing a shirt with the so-called 14
words the 14 words are the sentence that
neo-nazis say something about we have to
protect white civilization for our
progeny it's a few more words than that
it's 14 but that's why there's this
neo-nazi symbol in 1488 it's the 14 word
slogan about protecting white
civilization for our children and then
eight-eight is Heil Hitler
right because H is the eighth letter in
the alphabet there's one guy who's
wearing the fourteen words on the back
of his shirt that was legitimately the
only evidence that I could see that this
was an alt right rally
hasn't materialized the media covered
this as though the neo-nazis had shown
up in Boston and they were shut down by
40,000 demonstrators okay this is the
problem when you start conflating people
who are normal conservatives normal
right-wing normal Republicans with the
neo-nazis you're gonna get a backlash
and it's really gross CNN has been doing
this to CNN published an entire list of
supposed it hate groups and they got the
list directly from the Southern Poverty
Law Center the Southern Poverty Law
Center is a radical left group that
routinely labels normal conservatives as
neo-nazis and hate groups so for example
they labeled the David Horowitz Freedom
Center where I used to work they'll
about a hate group okay they've they've
labeled a bunch of other a bunch of
other groups like the Family Research
Council right they labeled that a hate
group that labeling what a nutcase named
Floyd Lee Corkins to go over to the
Family Research Council in 2012 and he
tried to shoot people at that particular
establishment CNN ran a story all about
how the SPL sees labels of hate groups
meant that that these were all hate
groups that were in league with the
worst in America as City Journal writes
de Marco Liam writes the SPLC has an
undeniable ideological agenda in
addition to its tendentious list of
seven 917 hate groups it also maintains
a list of more than 1,600 purported
extremists or extremist groups including
charles murray and one time they labeled
ben Carson in extremists because he was
opposed to gay marriage yet CNN was
pushing this out there as though in the
aftermath of the neo-nazi rally in
Charlottesville this was the real threat
was all of these groups were basically
neo-nazis you wonder why the right react
so negatively to the left take on all of
this
you wonder why maybe it's because the
left instead of unifying with the ninety
five percent of Americans I talked about
at the beginning instead of doing that
they're much more focused on trying to
broaden out mainstream members of the
left more interested in broadening out
their critique of neo-nazis to fit the
entire right-wing movements if it all
concern all conservatives the neo-nazis
aren't even conservative okay they're
leftists in the sense that they believe
in bigger governments they believe in
government intervention they don't would
in the Constitution of the United States
they believe in government involvement
in things like health care and they're
only right-wing compared to left wingers
okay in sort of the European sense in
the same way that the Nazi Party in Nazi
Germany was right-wing compared to the
Communist Party in Nazi Germany it had
nothing to do
American conservatism not season has
nothing to do with American conservatism
the left is very much invested in trying
to tie those two together and then
what's the purpose of that well number
one they think it gains them points
politically by calling everybody on the
right of the plural they think that this
is somehow long to win them elections
and then they do something else and this
is even worse this is they start to make
excuses and room for folks at ante feh
and if I have to gauge the threat to
America between the neo-nazi movement
and antiva I would suggest right now
that the threat from an Tifa to the
American social fabric is just as or
more dangerous than the threat from the
neo-nazis not because their ideology is
worse than your Nazi ideology is of
course worse but because the mainstream
right is not embracing the neo-nazis
many members of the mainstream Left are
embracing aunt Eva and aunt Eva is based
on the proposition that rejects the
basic Max Weber Max Weber concept which
is that in a civilized society the
monopoly on use of force has to belong
to the government right civilization is
based on the idea that we all got
together when banded together and we
said to the government you protect our
rights you have the gun we're not going
to shoot each other in the streets you
have the gun we have police forces and
we have army and and Tifa rejects all
that they say listen it's up to us we're
gonna go out in the streets and we're
gonna kill people and we're gonna harm
people and we're gonna hurt people and
burn things and loot property and all
the rest of it that's dangerous yeah
that's a good series I'm gonna talk
about what an Tifa did at this Boston
rally which i think is a much bigger
story than ten people showing up for a
free speech rally and being labeled
white supremacists but first I want to
say thank you to our sponsors over at
Birch gold so if you're looking the
world's right now and it feels chaotic
it feels out of control I I certainly am
if you feel like the stock market is
doing well but there's still some
volatility to come in the stock market
you should have some of your portfolio
at the very least in precious metals the
people who can help you do that are the
folks over at Birch gold Birch gold has
a long-standing track record of
continued success a five-star a plus
rating with the Better Business Bureau
countless five-star reviews right now if
you go to birchgold.com slash pen you
get a comprehensive 16 page free kit
revealing how gold and silver can
protect your savings and how you can
legally move your IRA or 401k
out of stocks and bonds and into a
precious metals IRA without engaging tax
consequences so go over to birch school
calm slash men that is birchgold.com
slash men make sure you use the slash
pens they know that we sent you if
you're looking to invest in precious
metals the folks I trust with that are
over at birchgold.com slash been okay so
as I say the media covered this great
triumph of the left in Boston all these
white supremacists who weren't really
white supremacists except for apparently
one guy they say a forty thousand
protesters showed up and it was just a
grand and glorious thing first of all
forty thousand people protesting neo
Nazism is a grand and glorious thing
that's fine that's great but to pretend
that Antipa did not play a role in
boston is to be silly now i do want to
make a slight distinction here and i
think it's important for Charlottesville
and understanding it the President Trump
said there were there were good people
on both sides in Charlottesville
and in the protest crowd again I'm still
waiting to see all the good people in
Charlottesville in the torchlight march
haven't seen him but when he says there
is violence on both sides that's
definitely true now we do have to look
at the proportion so if you're looking
at the proportion of violent people in
Charlottesville on the neo-nazi side
versus you're looking at the proportion
of violent people in Charlottesville on
the Antipa side I would say that as a
percentage of the larger group from what
I can tell and maybe I'm wrong about
this but the information that I can see
it looks like a larger group of the
neo-nazis as a proportion where we're
ready to go than a proportion of the
protesters Antipa was there but it's not
a huge group in Boston I guess there
were 33 arrests out of 40,000 people
that doesn't sound like many until you
realize that when you go to a Dodger
game there are 40,000 people there and
there are zero arrests 33 arrests is
actually rather sizable contingent to
people getting arrested and even the
Boston PD it's amazing that the the
duality that the the Boston Police will
engage in they'll say that everybody was
peaceful everybody was great then
they'll say this there was a lot of talk
in the week leading up about bottles
being thrown with urine at our offices
and I wanted to make sure that they you
know that you had to have a good a ham
to basically eat well and get at them so
you know we basically wanted them
separated and I'm sorry to report we did
have some bottles thrown at our offices
that didn't have urine in it a couple of
our officers were hit with that they
were hit with a lot of stuff today
and I'm very proud of the job they did
and it goes to the professionalism
of this department okay so he says that
it was basically a peaceful protest and
then he says people are flinging bottles
of pee at the cops and there's tape of
all this stuff here's some tape of a
woman with an American flag being
dragged at Boston rally presumably by
members of auntie Flo you can tell the
antifa folks because they cover their
faces because they're committing
criminal acts if the viewers watching
right now take a look at what happens to
this woman who is holding an American
flag
she's holding an American flag and a
protester comes to her drags her along
there pulls her anyway there let's watch
this you can see her flag wound up on
the ground
okay just delightful people and that
that wasn't the only situation some
pro-lifers were apparently attacked
there was a journalist who tweeted this
out these protests rarely and pretty and
Tifa folks just mobbed some
anti-abortion protesters with posters
yelled into our posters till the cops
came and then the antifoam went after
the police officer so here's some
footage of the ante for people going at
the police officers
okay with these the important part white
supremacist no this is not the white
supremacist this was a bunch of the ante
for people and some of the other
protesters presumably don't know if
they're all anti feh or which other
groups they are with but you can see
there's a violence at this particular
event is not coming from the alt-right
and the white supremacists who
apparently again we're explicitly
denounced by the organizers of the rally
it was coming from the left here some
more footage of an Tifa going after the
cops cursing and the cops you got black
bleep on you something like that and
then you have a trump supporter wearing
an Israeli flag told you get the eff out
of Boston means just delightful folks do
everything you stand against
I want to show that people shouldn't be
afraid to voice their other juice and
he's right it is pretty sad that things
like that happen and it wasn't relegated
just to Boston there was an anti
supposedly anti white supremacist
protest led by leftist groups in Dallas
and here they are shouting about the
cops and how the cops are the Klan okay
you can hear them shouting cops and Klan
go hand in hand you can see that some of
these people again are the NT for folks
they've got the masks across their face
now why is all this important okay why
am i showing all this footage of a
violent and nasty horrible anti-fog
people the reason is because unlike the
right which has universally condemned
the neo-nazis in the alt-right and and
is trying to disassociate from these
people their mainstream leftists who are
embracing all of this stuff and they're
using this binary logic again the neo
Nazis are bad cement Aoife must be okay
this is dangerous okay this is really
dangerous I'm not talking about just
dangerous in terms of people cursing at
each other yelling at each other we've
been having that for a couple hundred
years I'm talking about dangerous in
violent terms dangerous in serious
violent terms and I want to talk about
that in just a second but first I need
to say thank you to our sponsors over at
Lending Tree so right now you're looking
for a mortgage you're looking to buy a
house and so what do you do you go and
you ask your friend where'd you get your
mortgage they refer you to somebody and
you work with that person but you don't
know if you're getting the lowest rate
or the best rate you don't know if
you're getting the best service that's
where Lending Tree comes in the average
Lending Tree customer can save twenty
thousand dollars over the life of their
loan that is average okay which means
that most of the a huge percentage of
their customers can save even more
whether you're looking for a new
mortgage refire home equity loan Lending
Tree is the only place where you get up
to five real offers from America top
lenders and you can compare them
side-by-side for free it takes like
three minutes I've actually gone through
the website just to check it out it
takes no time at all to get a bunch of
comparison offers from Lending Tree
dot-com find out how much you can save
today at Lending Tree comm slash Ben
that's Lending Tree comm slash Ben don't
be ripped off again
you know people work with mortgage
brokers they don't know who they are and
then there's
when the charges are high they don't
they they have researched it they talked
to their friends it turns out they got a
really high rate well there's no need
for that go over to Lending Tree comm /
button and get all of the best prices
compared so you can get the best deal
again that's Lending Tree comm / pen and
use the slash pens they know that we
sent you okay so as I say I don't want
to talk anymore about these fringe
movements the neo-nazis and antiva they
are fringe movements I want to talk
instead about whether they are being
mainstreamed on the right is it being
mainstreamed are the neo-nazis being
mainstreamed this was the great fear of
what President Trump did last week when
he seemed to legitimize the alt-right
when he seemed to suggest there were
good people in the crowd with the
alt-right when he seemed to make a moral
equivalence between the protesters and
some of the protesters who were
protesting with the alt-right and the
neo-nazis right that seems to be the
problem people were afraid that this is
gonna be mainstreamed and the universal
condemnation was strong and lasting and
loud there are openly leftists who are
saying today and have been saying now
for a week that an Tifa is not a problem
and remember this is not just them
embracing an tifa's viewpoint
this is them embracing an tifa's central
contention which is that violence in the
streets is sometimes necessary here's
that same Dartmouth professor we were
talking about last week who wrote an
op-ed for the Washington Post talking
about how and Tifa is necessaries Marc
Braves lecturer at Dartmouth College I
think that a lot of people recognize
that when pushed self-defense is a
legitimate response to white supremacist
and neo-nazi violence and you know we've
tried ignoring neo-nazis in the past
we've seen how that turned out in the
20s and 30s and the lesson of history is
you need to take it with the utmost
seriousness before it's too late we've
seen the millions of deaths that have
come from not taking it seriously enough
and we can see that really the way that
white supremacy grows the way that neo
Nazism grows is by becoming legitimate
becoming established becoming everyday
family friendly wear khakis instead of
hoods and the way to stop that is what
people did in Boston what people did in
Charlottesville pull the emergency brake
and say you can't make this normal
there's a big difference between
confronting fascism and confronting
other forms of violence so we can see
that during the 30s and 40s there was no
public opinion to be leveraged by
nonviolent resistance if you get fascist
to be powerful enough in government
they're simply not going to listen to
the kind of public
piñon that non-violence can generate
that's the argument they're not powerful
tonight the white supremacists are
powerful and governments so powerful
that we have to go out on the streets
with our guns listen I've said for a
long time that if government becomes
tyrannical then we ought to have guns in
order to protect ourselves but you're
not talking about a government that's
enforcing neo-nazi views okay CNN made
the same mistake here's a headline that
CNN national Iran yesterday the original
headline and then they and then they
changed it because they got backlash
from an tyfa it said unmasking the
leftist and Tifa movement activists seek
peace through violence which is accurate
right it demonstrates the irony of the
antifoam movement so what did they do
they updated the peace and they got rid
of the last half of the eighth title
activists seek peace through violence
they got rid of that because they
wouldn't want to offend antifa
okay representative Steve Cohen who is
it was a democratic representative he is
from he from Tennessee yeah he's from
Tennessee and here he was defending an
Tifa well it was equivocated because
it's tried to put blame on both sides
there's even if the anti-shah was there
and did things it doesn't they were
there because of the Nazis and because
of the Confederates and when they went
out marched the night before with those
tiki torches it was a reminder of
Kristallnacht in my mind the 1938 German
terrorism on Jewish people in Berlin and
it was also looked like Klan rallies
where they used to have big bonfires and
and that burn crosses and so that the
whole idea of the fire I mean it was it
was so well staged to remind people of
that and yelling the Jews will not take
our place blood and soil these were just
just the most bone-chilling Martin
sounds and and chants and they were in
lockstep okay and that's true but so
what in terms of the violence why is
that justify violence again as somebody
who is an Orthodox Jew I have no
fondness for Nazis or Klansmen I spent
my entire career fighting Nazis and
Klansmen David Duke came after me
personally last year on Twitter okay I'm
very much in favor of these movements
disappearing immediately they're
disgusting they're evil they are
horrifying
God should spit on them they're they're
awful in every way that said in a
civilized society you don't get to
justify an Tifa just because you don't
like stuff that people are saying and
this is dangerous stuff the reason it's
dangerous stuff is because people
who are and I've said before I'm only
going to attribute violence to rhetoric
when the rhetoric explicitly calls for
violence and Tifa explicitly calls for
violence what the left is doing that
people like Steve Cohen what mainstream
leftists are doing many of them is they
are now explicitly pooh-poohing violence
when you explicitly puh-puh-puh violence
you are going to make it more common and
I want to read you a little bit of a guy
named Everett Glenn Miller you probably
missed this story Everett Glenn Miller
when this according to heavy calm is a
former Marine with mental health history
and he was named as the suspect accused
of shooting and killing two Kissimmee
Florida police officers a guy named
Matthew Baxter and Charles Sargent
Richard Sam Howard the police chief says
it was in ambush Miller was a Miller
went by the name on Facebook Malik
Muhammad Ali he only changed that
recently and right before he went on the
shooting spree killing two cops he
shared a picture of Martin Luther King
jr. that said for this from August 18th
it said when I said March I didn't mean
forever mother effers shoot back I'll
leave then wrote with the photo when
them n words wake up it's going to be
some hell to answer for you only can
poke at i up dog for so long ones that
chain breaks it's over wake up America
before it's too late and then another
post said said racist ass America
America is evil and then there were
derogatory post about Trump post about
the Confederate monument issue and Nazis
in Charlottesville Virginia on August
15th
they shared a page a video of the
Charlottesville clashes and wrote
Confederate Nazis I will hurt you all
you are the enemy
you can run but you can't hide so if you
have a group of people this is what NC 4
does who equate the police with the bad
guys who equate conservatives with the
bad guys and who openly say that
violence is necessary in order to stop
the bad guys when you have mainstream
people on the left like Steve Cohen when
your mainstream people on the Left like
Michael Eric Dyson when your mainstream
people on the Left like mark Bray at the
Washington Post when you have those
people making excuses for the violence
do you think the violence is going to
become more common or less common do you
think that it's gonna get worse or
better do you really have so little
belief in the police that you don't
think that the police can stop the Nazis
there were ten Nazis do you really
believe that the police are in league
with them so I'm calling on you leftist
I called on President Trump I called on
the right to disown the alt-right I've
been doing it for over a year well over
a year and now with
equal or more fervor I call on people on
the left you must disown auntie feh you
must disown the violence that is being
done in your name auntie was doing it in
your name and Democrats aren't disowning
it Democrats aren't it's owning it
instead they're focusing in on
conservative Confederate rather
Confederate monuments instead of
focusing on Confederate monuments and
those are the real threats of peace no
there's a group in America right now
that is openly calling for violence and
property destruction and it's being and
it's being shied away from by members of
the mainstream left and that is really
gross I've seen some members of the left
who are willing to disown this stuff
I've seen some I've seen some people who
are willing to say that an Seif is a
problem but here's what I'm afraid of
I'm afraid that I'm gonna go to Berkley
on September 14th and Aunty was gonna
show up and they're gonna get violent
and the media because they want their
narrative or violence against
right-wingers is justified that the
media is gonna proclaim that it's my
fault that Antipa showed up and got
violent that's what I'm concerned about
I'm concerned somebody's gonna get
killed I'm concerned so my security
guards can get hurt and I'm concerned
the media's gonna blame my views for
that even though I've been anti anti feh
and anti outright overtly so for a long
time which is why when I speak at
Berkeley the topic that I'm going to
speaking on that I'm going to be
speaking on is why all of the following
groups are destroying America anti feh
the alt-right BLM social justice
warriors
radical feminists I'm going to talk
about all of these groups and why
they're destroying America's social
fabric I'm gonna talk about all of that
and we'll see if the media are honest
enough to recognize that I am condemning
all the groups they say ought to be
condemned like the alt-right and have
been doing so for a year or whether they
lie and they say that just because I
think the BLM is a bad group that
espouses bad things that I am therefore
a rightful victim of an Tifa because I
think that will expose the media's
agenda I think that if the media decide
that they are going to target the stuff
that I say just like the stuff that you
say you're a normal conservative they're
gonna target you as a Nazi if they
decide to target me in a Nazi I think
it'll say a whole hell of a lot
considering the fact that there's been
no one who's been more anti outright
more anti white supremacist than I have
been certainly over the past year by
statistics and the better I fear that
the left is gonna lie about it
nonetheless okay I want to talk about
the Confederate Monument statue in
Savannah and leaving the White House but
for that you're gonna have to go over to
Daley wire
now become a subscriber for just $9.99 a
month you too can subscribe to daily
wire you get the rest of this show live
it is a video show so if you're just
listening you go over to daily wire you
can see this in all of its glory our
beautiful studios you can see all of the
clips that we show you can be part of
the mailbag which we do live on Fridays
and you can also watch Andrew Klavan
show which is gonna be on at 10:30 today
you can watch Michael Knowles's show
which is gonna be on at 12:30 today you
can watch all of those lives be part of
their mail bags as well if you want the
annual subscription then you get not for
$99 a year you got this the most
magnificent of all leftist tiers hot or
cold tumblers it is apparently made of
dragonglass so if you should ever
experience the horror of being on a
frozen lake in the middle of nowhere and
white walkers are coming at you and you
don't know how to put them down then
this particular tumbler should do the
trick
leftist here's hot or cold you will want
this to pass on to your children and
grandchildren just as the Valyrian sword
was passed on to Samwell Tarly in any
case well you will definitely want this
so $99 a year gets you all of those
things plus the website ad free and my
podcast ad free by the way that means
that you can when it's reposted later we
cut the ads out so you can just watch it
straight through or if you just want to
go to iTunes or SoundCloud listen later
please subscribe at iTunes please leave
us a review we always appreciate it it
helps with the rankings and we will
we'll see you on the other side and yeah
that's see you in a second
you
all righty and we're back so that was a
stellar pitch let's let's move on to
what Democrats are really focused on are
they focused on condemning antifa
the right has been spending weeks
talking about how white supremacy is
evil Paul Ryan released a statement this
morning talking about how white
supremacy is evil I don't know a lot of
right-wingers we're not saying this
other than Pat Buchanan Democrats
however are focusing in on the real
issue and this is such a mistake for
them you know president Trump
successfully pivoted from the alt-right
issue that was that was kind of the
thorn in his side he pivoted instead to
confederate statutes talking about
whether Confederate monuments should go
down and because the left is so radical
they immediately lepton this and decided
to make this the issue now that's very
stupid politics the polls show the vast
majority of Americans want to keep the
Confederate statues or at the very least
don't care very much okay but they've
decided to make this their key issue and
this demonstrates I think the disconnect
between a lot of people who are living
in Washington DC and New York and in LA
and Chicago and a lot of the people who
are living in the rest of the country
who frankly don't care very much about
these Confederate memorials and don't
think that they're the worst thing in
the world or the cause of a lot of
violence yet you are seeing Democrats
push this stuff very hard the same way
the Democrats pushed really hard on the
Washington Redskins issue have to rename
the team very important we rename the
team they're doing the same thing with
Confederate monuments now I think
there's a stronger case to rename it to
get rid of Confederate monuments by far
than getting rid of the name of the
Washington Redskins but the left is
treating this as though this is the real
threat of violence cement Aoife isn't
the real threat of violence no
confederate statues are the real threat
of violence jeh Johnson who is the
Secretary of Homeland Security under
President Obama here's what he had to
say about removing these statues what
alarms so many of us from a security
perspective is that so many of the
statues the Confederate monuments are
now modern day becoming symbols and
rallying points for white nationalism
for neo-nazis for the KKK and this is
most alarming we fought a world war
against Nazism the KKK rained terror on
African Americans for generations and so
a number of Americans rightly Republican
and Democrat are very concerned and very
alarmed in
I salute those in cities and states who
are taking down a lot of these monuments
for reasons of public safety and
security
okay so here's my question who is the
Secretary of Homeland Security for the
last four years of the Obama
administration why didn't he take down
in the moments the all right was doing
this before why didn't he take down any
of those monuments and the answer is
because it's the left seeking to lump in
many members the mainstream left seeking
to lump in support for Confederate
monuments with all right ISM and white
supremacy again I think there's a very
strong case that some of these things
should come down I don't know why there
is Jefferson Davis highways in Arizona
actually I do know a lot of these
monuments were erected in the middle of
the Civil Rights Movement as sort of a
backlash against the civil rights
movement which really is gross I mean if
you erect a Confederate Memorial in the
middle of the civil rights movement
because you're attempting to say
something about civil rights then that's
pretty disgusting some of these
monuments went up in like 1960 okay so
they're not a hundred years old they're
not part of the historic south or
anything they're going up in states like
Arizona that wasn't even existence at
the time of the Civil War so I think
that that's a problem that said this
idea that these are flashpoints that
this is high priority for the United
States it's sort of like the argument
after the evil Dylann storm roof shot up
a black church that the key issue was
whether people should fly Confederate
flag on their truck and the answer was
this was not a major issue five minutes
ago why is it a major issue now if it is
a major issue then we should have this
discussion outside the context of a
radical shooting someone okay here's the
problem when you use radicals who shoot
people as an excuse to have broader
conversations then you ends up
dismissing entirely benign people you
end up hurting entirely benign people in
the process so I'll give you an example
for the leftists in the audience okay
for people who are on the left in the
audience liberals in the audience after
the the shooting the Congressional
baseball shooting there are people like
me who I think we're intellectually
honest enough to say I'm not blaming
Bernie Sanders for this right his
rhetoric is not something that I want to
blame for a guy going and shooting
Congress people we've always had
rhetoric that's been very heated in
American politics I disagree with
everything Bernie Sanders has to say I
think that no one should ever give him a
pooping cup I don't think it's important
but to say that we're going to have an
out referendum on Bernie Sanders his
language because a nutcase went out and
shot some people if we are going to
judge the veracity of an ideology or the
morale
rhetoric by the people who are outside
the realm of the normal then we're going
to basically have to all shut up because
there are a lot of crazy people out
there who are set off by a lot of crazy
things and so this is my problem with
with having this discount in this
conversation in a broader context by
suggesting that Charlottesville is some
sort of representation of the vast
majority of people who want to stop the
Confederate statues from going down this
is why Trump was smart to pivot to the
Confederate statue issue because the
vast majority of people who are
protesting on that Friday night a couple
of weeks ago in Charlottesville
Ford the robert e lee statue were
neo-nazis clansmen alt writers the vast
majority of people across the country
who don't want robert e lee statues to
come down or none of those things and
there i think trump is correct and is
smart too to pivot and i think the left
is idiotic to follow him in that pivot
they're not gonna do themselves any
political favors it's amazing as low as
trump sinks in the polls everybody keeps
saying lord trump's failing in the polls
he's falling apart if firms falling
apart then why is it that he had like
thirty nine percent approval rating in
wisconsin and won the state anyway
there's still a Democrat who's going to
have to run against him and the reason
Democrats are having trouble is because
they're recruiting radicals to run in
their party people like Kamala Harris if
they ran Joe Biden somebody who is
relatively radical on politics but it's
perceived as moderate he would whomp
President Trump but instead they're
looking to the left wing of their party
they're looking to two people who pander
and that's not going to do them any
service okay so in other news Steve
Bannon is out at the White House this
broke in the middle of the show on
Friday and I've had a chance to sort of
collect my thoughts on what this means I
don't think it means a whole helluva lot
I think the Bandon had already been
marginalized at the White House he had
very little input at the White House
already him going back to Breitbart
doesn't make a very much of a difference
Alex Marlow who's the editor in chief
over there I got to say alex is probably
miserable this morning because Steve is
not the easiest person to work with but
that said Steve heading back to
Breitbart isn't markedly going to change
things other than it's sort of a green
light to Breitbart to start attacking
all the people who surround Trump that's
going to be the move at Breitbart
they're going to move to attack Gary
Cohn they're gonna move to attack
Jovanka right Jared and Ivanka Kushner
they're going to they're going to attack
HR McMaster which they've been doing
with alacrity for some time now it's
just gonna become louder and more
strident
band
is going to insist of course that he's
trying to help Trump but Bannon Bannon
cares about man man doesn't care about
the future Breitbart he doesn't care
about their traffic the only thing that
Bannon cares about really is being
perceived as a big man on campus and
that means that he has to present
himself as a sort of populist hero in
fact after he left on Friday he
headlined right Bannon did an editorial
meeting and the first headline that went
up was this in giant orange letters
Steven K Bannon returns home to
Breitbart news and then in quotes
populist hero well I mean nothing like
fulfilling the mooches expectations of
you there for going back and immediately
running a headline about how wonderful
you are
but what that means is that Bannon is
going to sort of present himself as the
voice of morality from the populist
right and that's gonna be a thorn for
Trump a little bit there's gonna be a
major thorn I don't think so I think
Bannon knows better than to alienate a
lot of the Trump centric voters but if
Trump ever becomes so so vulnerable that
Breitbart can make a difference then you
could see Bannon in a revenge move sort
of moving to hurt him do I think it
makes a huge difference inside the
administration no it's just another
indicator that this administration was
never conservative okay for as much as I
dislike Steve Anand personally Steve
Bannon is right-wing on immigration
Steve Bannon is right-wing on Israel
Steve Bannon is right-wing on national
security so all of those things have
sort of been moved off of the off of the
spectrum a little bit ban was more
isolationist than right-wing I should
say on national security but he was very
much in favor of a military buildup a
lot of that has now been moved off to
the side Trump's administration for all
the people who thought he was gonna be
the great conservative Halcyon let me
just point out the people now
surrounding him are entirely Democrats
or generals there is not a single major
registered Republican who surrounds the
presidents of the United States in his
inner circle HR McMaster is a general
john kelly is a general Chardon Ivanka
were registered Democrats until five
minutes ago
Gary Cohen was a registered Democrat
Steve minuchin was a registered Democrat
all of the people who surrounds him all
the people who are closest to him are
either generals or registered Democrats
okay that is not gonna bode well for
Trump the only thing that might save the
the conservative agenda truly is that
number one there's a can there's a
Republican Congress and number two
Democrats will not work with Trump
they hate Trump so much that they're
willing to - to cut off their nose in
spite of their face that the fact is
that if Democrat
or smart what they would immediately do
is begin going to President Trump and
saying let's get some of your
legislation done and they start pushing
for a single-payer health care and get
Trump to sign it they start pushing for
infrastructure bills and they get Trump
to sign it they start pushing for tax
hikes and get Trump to sign it and Trump
would more than willing to go to war
with McConnell and Ryan he's already
shown that he's willing to do that so
how far left is Trump move is not
dictated right now by the Republican
Party it's dictated by a Democratic
Party that doesn't want to work with
Trump which is quite fascinating okay
time for some things I like and then
some things that I hate so things that I
like so unfortunately Jerry Lewis died
over the weekend he was 94 years old
growing up we we liked Jerry Lewis
movies we're not French but we liked
Jerry Lewis movies nonetheless one of my
favorite Jerry Lewis films is a very
underrated film called cinderfella and
it's a reverse of the Cinderella story
except he is Cinderella right he's a guy
and he falls in love with the princess
and if physically Jerry Lewis was it was
a great physical comedian this is one of
the scenes from cinderfella where he's
sitting in the kitchen his parent is a
stepmother has made him basically the
maid and he's sitting in the kitchen
after serving them dinner listening to
the radio and this is sort of classic
Jerry Lewis
it's very kid-friendly this particular
cook and there's a lot of good stuff
showing my daughter who's three and a
half a clip from this movie there's a
scene where he does a dance with with
the princess and Count Basie's band is
there this is part of his transformation
is that Count Basie's band shows up as
part of his transformation into into the
prince and it's it's a little bit slow
but there are a couple of scenes in it
that are really really funny so
cinderfella highly recommended okay
other things that I like this catch in
the Junior Little League World Series is
just incredible and this is one of the
best catches I've ever seen in any
league period watch the centerfielder go
back on this ball it's amazing
throwing a wild pitch is just a really
quick way to go home raggedy driven back
he's at the warning track
and the Junior League that's also why
the fence yishun between 1/2 feet high
but Wow great catch kid I know who you
are but that's a fantastic catch so
anytime there's a good piece of baseball
I'll put it on the show okay time for
some things that I hate so just to show
you how evil a lot of the neo-nazis are
and the and the white supremacists are
and some of the alt-right members are
the Charlottesville rally organizer
actually tweeted this out yes for this
Jayson Kessler the piece of garbage who
was punched in the face at the rally
said Heather hire was a fat disgusting
communist communist have killed 94
million looks like it was payback time
and then he links directly to you guess
if the daily stormer the neo-nazi site
yeah again not a lot of very fine people
doing this not a lot of very fine people
involved with that particular rally
horrifying horrifying in every sense of
the word okay other things that I hate
Jerry Falwell Jr and was on TV and Jerry
Falwell Jr has been the loudest
evangelical advocate for President Trump
he is of course the the Dean of Liberty
University I know we have a lot of
listeners over Liberty so I want to say
hi to all of the all the folks who
listen over at Liberty University I'm
sorry that the Jerry Falwell Jr said
something this dumb over the weekend
here was Jerry Falwell Jr on ABC's this
week talking about President Trump's
response to Charlottesville the only
groups he identified by name as the evil
and causing what happened in
Charlottesville or the Nazis the KKK and
the white supremist that's what I
thought was Bolden well well let me tell
you what he said though let's go back to
this he said there were very fine people
on both sides do you believe they were
very fun I have no idea he has inside
information that I don't have I don't
know if they were historical purists
there who were trying to preserve some
statues I don't know but but he had he
had information I didn't have and I
believe that he was he knew that
something he saw videos of who was there
I think he was talking about what he had
seen information that he had I don't
have okay um okay this idea that he had
information that Jerry followed you
didn't have him that's why he said what
he said I'm kind of sick of attributing
to presidents from the information that
is just not accurate
hey I don't see if that information is
not there it's not there end of story
so enough if you
you're gonna defend President Trump
defend him on the merits don't make up
stuff like he's some omnipotent
omniscient all-seeing gods I okay it's
nonsense I still would like to see the
evidence of the great people that were
there on that Friday night that
President Trump was apparently talking
about because I don't actually see that
evidence
okay so we'll be back here tomorrow
president Trump's supposed to be the big
speech tonight in Arizona a lot of stuff
happening tonight actually president
Trump is supposed to give a speech about
his new Afghanistan policy we'll talk
about that plus President Trump is
supposed to do a rally in Arizona some
violence outside is expected so I'm sure
that things will get more heated not
less we'll talk about all of it I'm Ben
Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
