with tensions building between the
United States and North Korea we now
take you live to the Congress of the
Workers Party of the Democratic People's
Republic of Korea where party chairman
and supreme leader Kim jong-un is
speaking I'll supply the translation
I'm going on with my team in and thank
you very much for that Lingam welcome
yet I'm gonna make well without which I
would have had all of you here today
seemingly over in fact I noticed my dear
friend Kim Jong Kim was the first to
stop reporting
so obviously hearing his wife and
children get Alan Titus will be tortured
and then shot ha ha ha one guy always
like to start these speeches with a
little human
hang on I come to you today and at a
time of dangerous crisis audino's to
issue you on blustering threats and
overblown braggadocio awesome freedom
while you applaud wildly user could die
medium in your choices
it goes other states continues its
active aggression in an attempt to
prevent me from acquiring nuclear
weapons Needham just because I'm
completely out of my mind
Johnson them I will either respond to
longer the show of force
some of them greater than anything the
world has ever known
the easy Gundam or shoot off a rocket
that sputters around wildly like a
leaking balloon under and then Falls
harmlessly as you see I'm not yet sure
which one but believe you me whether I
destroy the known universe in Co don't
blow my own foot off Kingdom you have
you will cheer wildly as if I did
something wonderful told you that I or
take a bayonet be a year I ten again
sitting it up you won't so Beulah swine
I'm trying to make it no matter is what
happens if you continue cheering or I
could kill you
more than me it's a problem we face
today is that America's former President
Barack Obama it is complex but the guy
is hilarious so we're no longer dealing
with a mincing girly man who might slap
around and abuse headaches and almost as
I would my own mother
he was now the Americans had trumped and
I'm here to tell you then she is one
crazy white man no I'm serious
II didn't unless you think I'm not so
this Trump guy is
the out-of-control get 20-watt if we're
not careful parts could kill us all
he's just that insane young-kyu I mean
look at his hair for crying out loud for
me even his hair is crazy you don't know
how many I know and some of you think my
hair makes me look like one of those
wooly Willy toys where children use a
magnet to put iron filings on a picture
of a bald man and of course I plan to
find out which of you think that about
me and destroy the painfully cycles but
Trump's hair is so crazy it strikes fear
into my heart
and his hair is still not as completely
loony toons as the man himself another
19 therefore I tell you today on to fat
crazy men with nutty hair and nuclear
weapon what in 1 hour screaming threats
at each other some like that and it's a
terrifying situation device so I hereby
issue an order to kill everyone
everywhere on a and then I'm leaving we
call thee for my country home in China
until the smoke cleared on by you
meaning to be you that's it but I don't
run out of here and start cheering now
that's the news from North Korea one for
your wife
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show we also
sing all right we have to set the
crack-up meter bakit yeah sorry yeah who
knew the destruction of the world could
be so hilarious hahaha somali moly
anyway is with us today did you see this
last night he was did you see this thing
on special reporter she was on special
report unit i have that panel at the end
of the show and it's usually student
very stately kind of pleasant collegial
Bethnal and she and steve Hayes when
I'll play it for you later on I'll play
for you pretty quickly actually she and
Steve A's went off on each other about
Trump it was pretty good so we're going
to have her on and find out whether she
wants to move on to fight mayweather at
the guard what else oh you know she will
come on after the break so if you are
watching on Facebook and YouTube you
will not be able to see her but you will
be able to hear her if you come over to
the daily wire.com or you could
subscribe if you subscribe then you can
watch the whole thing right on The Daily
wire calm you don't have to be cast off
into the exterior darkness where there's
great whale wailing and gnashing of
teeth also mailbag tomorrow right
tomorrow mailbag yeah so tomorrow's the
mailbag if you're subscribed and get
your questions and now answers you can
ask about anything you can ask personal
questions religious questions political
questions answers are guaranteed 100%
correct and will change your life on
occasion for the better if you subscribe
for a year it's only a hundred lousy
bucks for the entire year and you get
the leftist two years tumblr and while
I'm talking about it please go on
remember we had Michael Knowles on
remember what a snotty little brat he
was if you don't want to show to trend
higher than mine on the iTunes rating
please go on
and review this show give it five stars
and say what a great show it isn't
subscribe so it comes into your device
automatically and that will humiliate
Knowles which is obviously the purpose I
think of life really of all together if
I seem a little slightly is because I'm
getting so much sleep that's why I have
actually put two nights in a row slept
for six hours I mean it's just
incredible this is like and I think
they're putting it up one of those
plaques on my house like on these two
nights climate spot and part of the
reason must be because of Bowland branch
sheets which are so incredibly
comfortable they like those sheets you
get in hotels they get into a hotel and
you slide into that bed and you think
like whoa I mean if it's a nice hotel
not the kind of hotel you people are
going to but I mean you know a pleasant
hotel you get those sheets that are just
really really comfortable they make it
so much so pleasant to be in bed so much
easier fall asleep bowl and branch
sheets are crafted from 100% organic
cotton which means they not only feel
incredible
they look amazing and since Boleyn
branch sells exclusively online you
don't pay that expensive retail market
it's half the price for twice the
quality you will love the sheets try
them for 30 nights see for yourself if
you're not impressed you can return them
and get a full refund they don't mind
doing that because they know you ain't
going to do it anyone who sleeps on Bowl
and branch sheets loves them and that's
why they have thousands of five-star
reviews the New York Times Forbes and
the Wall Street Journal all rave about
them and three u.s. presidents have
Boleyn branches I'm not sure who they
are but they won't tell who they are but
they do go to Boleyn branch calm today
and you will get 50 bucks off your first
set of sheets plus free shipping in the
US when you use the promo code Clavin
well because I've been getting so much
sleep I can tell you it's que la vie a
and 50 bucks off plus free us shipping
right now at Boleyn branch calm spelled
Bo ll and branch calm promo code Clavin
Boleyn branch calm promo code Clavin
they get softer every time you wash it
was really really interesting so
speaking of Kim Jong Ellen does anybody
notice that he back down he was going to
bomb Guam and suddenly them
not so much so of course the press was
just rushing out to say you know what we
hear here is a montage of all the
reporters saying we were wrong about
Trump's aggressive stance and you know
we really praised him that he got the
Kim jong-un to back down and that's the
montage nobody talking about it at all
right I mean all we heard was when he
said oh there'll be fire and fury oh it
was always starting nuclear war and then
Kim jong-un was like maybe not also he
did it because of course China joined in
the vote at the UN to sanction him and
that's nikki Haley working her magic
behind the scenes and that's you know
something that you know also should be
praised and so I'm sure we'll be hearing
a lot of a lot of press I'm sure we'll
be out there talking about what a
wonderful job the president the United
States is doing that's you know it they
select let us look at this Molly
Hemingway clip because it's really
really interesting in light of what's
going on obviously the story so far
right the story so far is the Donald
Trump comes out after first he comes up
and makes the statement everybody talked
about the statement and said he didn't
condemn the alt-right and that's what
makes him so evil but I let me play the
second part of that statement this is
the first statement Trump made that that
nobody has talked about at all is number
nine cut number nine I think it's got
number nine yeah okay so you made this
statement this is the first statement he
made nobody plays this part above all
else we must remember this truth no
matter our color creed religion or
political party we are all Americans
first we love our country we love our
God we love our flag we're proud of our
country we're proud of who we are so we
want to get the situation straightened
out in Charlottesville and we want to
study it and we want to see what we're
doing wrong as a country where things
like this can happen my administration
is restoring the sacred bonds of loyalty
between this nation and its citizens but
our citizens must also restore the bonds
of trust and loyalty between one another
we must love each other respect each
other and cherish our history and our
future together
so important we have to respect each
other
ideally we have to love each other so
not exactly like code to the alt-right
to go nuts I mean it was pretty very
strong anti you know racism anti hatred
statement but he didn't call out the
white supremacist because in his mind
right he knows that the Anti Fog eyes
are just as violent there all over the
country now pulling down statues I mean
it's kind of this animalistic vandalism
they're pulling down statues that they
feel represent the Confederacy and
they're kicking them it's like this it
really is this animal
you know it's ugly it's ugly stuff
they're incredibly violent as I've said
I have a particular animus toward the
Nazi right because they're in my house I
am on the right eye and I reject these
guys in every single thing they believe
I reject everything including their
stupid tiki torches and their idiotic
you know soil and blood this Nazi crap
you know I mean it's not all this stuff
I just wanted every time I see him I
just want to take a shower cause they're
on our side and that's what makes them
doubly bad and I would like it if Trump
would come out saying so he did come out
the next day he comes out and he said
you know I won't play it again but he
said I single out the KKK and all these
stuff and of course here all the
reporters praising him for making that
change oh yes
hey montesque a montage as we ad for
North Korea
so Mali is on and and Mali is great and
Steve Hayes is great by the way this is
this is one of the things about about
them is that Mali Hemingway wonderful
she's the editor of The Federalist a
great great site terrific journalist
goes on FOX a lot I think she's one of
their contributors now and she always
has eloquent insightful things to say
same thing about Steve Hayes from the
Weekly Standard I know Steve I know
Molly and Steve they're both really nice
people really town with the journalist
Hayes very bright guy writes for the
Weekly Standard
hates Trump has hated my heat he had my
favorite line of the campaign where he
said we gonna have to sit around listen
to some orange guy so that he went on
and so Somali is surrounded by all these
guys right and it's been Krauthammer of
course who was the king of commentary
and they're all dissing on Trump and she
went off on him listen to this it's like
we're living in an alternate reality
here people are taking they're not
listening to what Donald Trump actually
said on Saturday and they're not they're
not reading the actual full comments
that he gave where he was explicitly
denouncing bigotry and violence where he
called on people to come together and
the fact is that there actually is a
violence problem on both the left and
the right in recent years Americans have
seen violent protests in everywhere from
Portland Berkeley Ferguson Chicago
Milwaukee st. Paul Brooklyn Baltimore
and all throughout the country people
have experienced these violent protests
there was an assassination attempt
against Republicans by a totally
mainstream progressive leftist activist
and there is a problem on all sides and
people need to come together to denounce
all of those things and not tar the
entire Democratic Party as being part of
the leftist violence not tar the entire
Republican Party as being part of the
right especially quickly we're gonna
yeah look I agree with you that some
people are living in an alternate
reality I just don't think it's us the
problem is if you look at what the
president said he didn't single out
those specific groups what you read to
moe was what he said today the fact that
he didn't do it for two days speaks
volumes and the fact that he he
condemned generic racism and bigotry
that's a possible ever go there certain
people and that is something that a lot
of people will defend everything from
says no matter what so we cut that a
little short afterwards they just
launched at each other and just fell off
the podium it's like closes shoes flying
all over the place was absolutely
terrible so we'll have Molly on to talk
about that because I mean that she was
standing there by herself on a on a show
with the you know top-notch panelists
and experts and commentators and that's
a very ferocious defense of Donald Trump
in this moment when he is obviously
under fire by everybody which brings us
to the real question of the days how
come I look so great and I know that's
what you're thinking you're thinking I
can't even come
trait on this show because the kinda
just looks amazing and the reason is is
I work out and you know I I drink the
blood of virgins no I don't really do
that about but I do I work out
constantly I work out a lot and the
whole thing about working out as it
requires willpower and one of the things
that is great for willpower is
encouragement and that you can get at
Beachbody on demand Beachbody on demand
is an online fitness streaming service
that gives you unlimited access to a
wide variety of highly effective
world-class workouts these are
personalized to meet your needs this
extensive nutritional content and all of
it is proven to help people achieve
their health and fitness goals it's step
by step program guys workout calendars
comprehensive nutrition plans and
innovative portion control focused
cooking show called fixate and the
motivation and support of a growing
community Beachbody on demand is the
total package and you know it's great
because when you travel that's when
that's when your discipline tends to
shatter and once it shatters it's hard
to put it back together so you can take
this with you on your phone and these
are big big workout problems p90x which
if you've never tried it will hurt you
but it's it will get you in great shape
insanity 21 day fix there's over 600
different workouts over 100 recipe
videos and you can claim a free trial
membership how do you do it you just
text Andrew on your phone two three oh
three oh three oh text Andrew two three
oh three oh three oh and you'll get full
access to the entire platform for free
so you can check it out and it really is
it's terrific because it's just all this
stuff in one place so you know of course
Trump comes out and he makes this
statement and it's never enough and you
know I wanted I want to be clear about
this yeah I don't I I never sit put
Donald Trump forward as a model of
probity or virtue okay he is a he's an
offbeat guy to have his president he was
tone-deaf on this I wish he had come out
right away and said what I wish he had
said is I condemn the violence on both
sides but since some of these alright
guys support me I'm going to go out of
my way to kick them down the road and
they say that Steve Bannon I don't know
if this is true this all this anonymous
stuff I even hate to talk about it but
you know if they say Steve Bannon
want to alienate these people he doesn't
need these people he can win elections
without these people and and I wish he
had said that he didn't say it he caught
up with it I'm glad during the campaign
he frequently was a little too slow to
catch up with this stuff
but but you know this utter horror that
is going on strikes me as a little
ridiculous the press reaction is like oh
it's not enough it's not enough and here
of course of course we had to hear after
Trump made the statement we had to hear
from CNN's Jim Acosta who shouted this
at him
that's Jim Acosta our here's the real
exchange with the costal present I need
to explain while you two knocking down
the station's bond angle to read em they
busy them they have been condemned why
are we not having a press conference
they said on Friday without the press
conference we have a bright side we just
have a prospect we ask you some more
questions a lot of people and I like a
goddang is any authority that the press
would have to condemn him they have
completely squandered in this sort of
nonsense afterwards Acosta issued a
statement on the exchange but a gospel
is always on one note you know whatever
Authority the press is said they have
squandered it they squandered it on a
Russian phony Russian scandal they
squandered it on you now we have
information that they sought to
essentially cover up the meeting between
Loretta Lynch and and Bill Clinton
during the election they sought they
covered that up they didn't want to
cover you know it's like they just don't
have the authority to condemn him with
the kind of fire and sword that they
want to condemn him with so I don't know
about you but I am a losing guy I am an
absent-minded professor type if I if my
wife didn't take care of me truly I
would be living in a dumpster it's like
not a people people don't get you know
they don't understand this about me
right away but as they get to know me
they see it and I walk around all day
saying where did I leave this where I
leave that and my wife is always like on
the couch on the sofa and the you know
you've left it area left it here but but
if you don't have my wife and you can't
have my wife you can get tracker tracker
is this new thing they they are eight
years ago tracker changed this whole
dynamic when they released their first
tracking device and now they've done it
again with a new tracker pixel this is
the thing did you attach to your shoes
your watch your you know whatever your
whatever it is you lose even your cat I
mean even you can even do it with your
cat
and then if you lose them you press a
button on your phone and it will make a
noise and you wolf it's loud so you'll
find it and if this tracker pixel is
small enough to fit anywhere it's the
lightest Bluetooth tracking device on
the market whatever you tend to lose
keys wallets even your cat where you can
put it on this thing when a tracker
pixel is attached you use your
smartphone and 90 decibel alert will
help you find it in seconds but if you
lose your phone right then just press a
button on the tracker pixel and your
phone rings even if it's on silent
you can look like an item even if it's
miles away you notice like it's like
wage they use that kind of community
computing to find your stuff trackers 30
day money back guarantee means you truly
have nothing to loose or try it out go
to tracker comm enter promo code Clavin
well let me press my tracker and see if
I can find my dictionary and I'll look
it up it's que la VA N and it will get
you 20% off any order
that's the tracker that's track r TR ACK
r dot-com promo code Clavin for 20% off
tracker comm promo code Clavin very very
useful thing we got to say goodbye right
to Facebook and YouTube come on over to
the daily wire comm and you can hear us
talk to Molly
Hemingway if you subscribe you can be in
the mailbag tomorrow we are the mailbag
is tomorrow
answers guaranteed correct may change
your life will change your life maybe
for the better it's 10 lousy bucks a
month to subscribe for a hundred bucks
you get the whole year subscription and
the leftist tears tumblr come on over to
the daily wire calm
all right let's go let's see if we can
find Molly have we got her there you are
how you doing I'm doing great it's good
to see you I I was talking about your
run-in with Steve Hayes uh you know I
was saying that Molly as I've said I
introduced you earlier but I'll repeat
that you are the senior editor of The
Federalist an excellent sight you are on
Fox News all the time your contributor
Fox is now right yes yeah and you do it
you do an excellent excellent job I am
also very fond of Steve Hayes you guys
really went at each other I mean that
seemed pretty heated I hope I hope you
were like actually hitting each other
after the show no not at all and and I
frequently disagree with my fellow
panelists at this moment but but we all
can handle it just fine but yeah we had
a genuine disagreement on on what
happened this weekend and I think that
the view that Steve has is shared by
almost everybody inside the beltway and
certainly everybody in Manhattan they
all came to this view immediately
together in the aftermath of Trump's
statement that he needed to be very
specific about a certain number of
groups that they had identified it
needed to be named and they all agreed
that this was the fatal flaw of what he
had said so the fact that he had that
Donald Trump had in the aftermath of the
conflict between the racists or the
white nationalist and the anti-shah
people in charlottesville which led to
the death of a woman who was protesting
the white nationalist and the death of
the two police that were there in the
helicopter they didn't hear what Donald
Trump said about condemning bigotry and
violence or if they did they didn't feel
like it was sufficient despite the fact
that he said that that Americans need to
come together and that they should not
divide based on color or creed or
political ideology or whatnot you know
one of the things that of course just
immediately got me when I was watching
this argument is this is an argument
that goes on behind the scenes here at
the Daily wire all the time I mean I
sort of feel I was very opposed to Trump
I can't remember were you opposed to
Trump at the beginning as well
when he remember no I actually like
right away I kind of got the why people
like Trump then I mean I didn't
personally support him and I was pretty
opposed to it and but I always tried to
understand why people were liking him
and I it was difficult for me to get to
that point but I certainly did that
that's kind of the way I have felt I
mean I sort of felt once he became
president I was just going to judge him
from that moment on I like a lot of the
things he's done he has been in no way
an incompetent he hasn't been he hasn't
played to his most liberal is those
liberal instincts that really worried me
he hasn't he hasn't violated the
Constitution as it seemed to me Obama
did on a regular basis it's been a real
improvement but but every day we have
these arguments back here where the
question is is he somehow polluting the
conservative movement is there is there
something but at the end of the argument
Stephen hay said oh you're going to
defend him no matter what he says and
that fear is that we will follow him
down the right will follow him down into
some kind of trumpian pit are you
worried about that at all yeah no I I
was thinking it was funny that later on
in the show I was criticizing him for
his comments on Venezuela yes and how
people I just kind of get the feeling
that unless you're literally holding or
not literally unless you're figuratively
holding a bloody head of Donald Trump
it's not enough so I criticized Trump
all the time for things where I disagree
with him I just think that a lot of what
people react to against him particularly
those people in the resistance whether
that's the activists the media or never
Trump or whatever it is I just don't
agree with their criticisms I have a
whole different set of criticisms and
they're usually based on policy because
I never really liked Donald Trump in the
80s or the 90s ooh the odds but I kind
of understand that the way he talks is
the way he talks so just don't get too
worked up about it right but also I
think that a lot of people in the
resistance again what about media or
nevertron for the activists they want to
take this moment to perpetuate a smear
that has been it actually is part of the
reason why Trump rose which is this idea
that every Republican is evil and I
always take
back to what happened with Mitt Romney
another guy I wasn't particularly fond
of but the media portrayed him as racist
as Hitler like as a horrible misogynist
and I think when they did that
successfully something kind of broke in
the Republican voter they realized we
can literally support someone like Mitt
Romney and it's not enough so when there
are these calls for these ritual
denunciations and these calls are only
made to the right you know when people
in my neighborhood shot at when a guy in
my neighborhood shot up the Republican
leadership there were no calls for
ritual denunciation of mainstream
progressive rhetoric and that guy was
actually you know a mainstream
progressive and that is still
frustrating the people they want people
to come together at this moment and not
use things like this as an excuse to
further divide people well that is the
other side of this and that's the other
thing I wanted to ask you I mean the one
question is is Trump somehow polluting
the conservative movement but the other
side of this is are guys like Steve and
I love Stephen I have so much respect
for him I mean I think he's a wonderful
writer and a really intelligent guy but
but are they being played a little bit I
mean they is the press using their
animosity to sort of get in to wheedle
their way into the conservative movement
and rip us apart a little bit I think
these things are kind of related I think
there is a larger issue going on here
which is that the conservative movement
itself is going through a major
realignment and that certain people are
on the losing side of that or on the
they're frustrated with what it means I
personally think a big part of Donald
Trump's success was in his view that the
way that we had been fighting Moors and
our manner of getting involved in war
was not good and so there are people in
the establishment on both left and
rights that are pretty comfortable with
certain foreign policy ideas that where
they didn't get the American buy-in that
they should have and I think personally
that's because Congress has abdicated
its role and they've allowed presidents
to just keep fighting wars without
making sure that they are but they're
the ones authorizing these wars so
there's a foreign policy divide there
there's also definitely an attitudinal
separation which is what I was
referencing before people do
one conservative leadership to just go
along to get along or to just offer some
kind of mild criticism of the moment but
then be perfectly fine with a
continuation of the way things are going
conservative voters keep voting for
Republicans with an expectation of
results that they're not getting and
that is a frustration with the
Republicans and it's a frustration with
the conservative movement and I think
the key for conservative thought leaders
is to wake up to that and respond and
provide some leadership and I'm not I
don't have a huge point of agreement
here in DC but that's how I see it you
know I mean it was it was a very
riveting moment yesterday in that
argument because it was like you were
sitting in a Mount Rushmore of
commentary when you're sitting with
Krauthammer on one side if you and Steve
on the other side of you and I'm not as
familiar with Moe I didn't I hadn't seen
him before but he was obviously a very
bright articulate guy you see it's kind
of like Mount Rushmore of commentary
near this one voice speaking up for the
president and speaking up against this
kind of it's a con game the media runs
and well and I okay go ahead I think
it's also mostly I think what people
don't understand here in DC is that the
average Republican voter understands
when they're doing these games like they
did this weekend where they hype up a
story and then they make it all about
Donald Trump say that really what's
going on is that the Trump voter is
being attacked and that's what I always
try and think of it's really weird that
this country elected a guy president and
there are no people on TV who represent
the people who voted for it on it so I
mean even you know it doesn't matter
what network it is there are very few
people who actually understand the Trump
voter or what led them to get to that
point and I think that's kind of
scandalous that I think that media
outlets whether they're newspapers or
radio or TV they should do a better job
of making sure to understand the
sentiment that led to this moment and
not alienate or marginalize that Trump
voter so much it really is amazing I
mean when you look at it from the
entertainment angle when you look at the
comedian's on late-night television and
there's not a single one of them not one
we'll say a kind word about Trump or
anything against the left it's just like
spitting on 40% of the countries like it
really is just telling the middle part
of the country that they don't count
that they don't matter that we're not
here to entertain you or if we entertain
you we also expect to slap you around
and it seems to me to lead to more
division and anger when you look when
you step away the question that I wanted
to ask you when you're sitting like I
said with these communities are top
commentators and you hear the fact that
you're a lone voice do you think Trump
stands a chance against the media do you
think that these I know that they are
selling oh his latest puppet popularity
polls solo and he's always falling
falling falling it never seems to really
fall but he's always falling in things
were always about to go wrong and
bannon's always about to get fired know
that there's always going to be this
disaster in the Trump White House it
doesn't happen is that are we being
conned that way - do you think I mean do
you think the Trump is actually not
doing anywhere near as badly as they
want us to believe well that's what I do
think there is a problem with analysis
right now that the same people who
failed to understand what was happening
in 2016 or who assured us that there was
no way in the world that Donald Trump
could be elected are now giving us
analysis about what his presidency means
and so there's just something missing
there where you want people to you know
and I get it because when I realize
Donald Trump was going to win the
nomination it kind of broke my heart I I
must I'm someone who's very pro-life and
I care about religious liberty I got the
feeling those weren't his big issues I'm
also a free trader I got the feeling
that wasn't a big issue for him so I was
very frustrated by it but at the same
time I understand why people are fed up
with politics as usual
why they did not want to be force-fed
the same type of candidate why they
truly genuinely want change it's not
just in this country that's across the
world and if that sentiment is brewing I
think people should think about how to
make it a positive thing or how to lead
it to a happier place or to a a better
movement but the thing is I think that
the media and Trump kind of have a
dysfunctional relationship where by
being oppositional to each other it
benefits both of them and so he was
obviously able to ride and
I media hatred to the presidency and
they're able to ride their anti Trump
sentiment to higher ratings or bigger
profits I think who loses in this battle
are the American people and that it's
not healthy for civil discourse and it's
not good because people aren't learning
how to just disagree with each other
have kind of a fun chat where you
disagree but you come to understand each
other or see the good in another
argument or what not we don't have good
leaders either politically or in the
media to help us navigate those
discussions
Molly it's really nice talking to you
you're a really refreshing voice I
people should look you up on the federal
as the Federalist itself is a terrific
sight and you'd do a great job on that
panel try not to kill Steve he's a good
guy I hope you'll come back and watch us
again that is great yeah thank you so
much really really interesting they I
just found that incredible incredibly
insightful into what's going on and I
wish there was more tot talk like that
yeah I mean I wish people will talk like
here is a great piece that I want to
read from Brett Stevens and I know a lot
of people don't like Brett Stevens he
went so nuts against Trump that he
actually had to leave Wall Street
Journal I'm not sure this is why you did
I went over to the New York Times since
going over the New York Times he's kind
of been a voice that makes them
uncomfortable over there he wrote a
terrific column today but Stevens is a
very very smart guy and I don't always
agree with him I thought he went a
little nuts with Trump and especially
when he's lumped Trump and Cruz together
okay fine so we disagree but he wrote a
great column and I just want to read
I'll try and edit it as I go along but
it's really worth looking at III read
the New York Times a former newspaper so
you don't have to hear he says he says
regarding last week's events in
Charlottesville Virginia
considering the consider the follow
following propositions James Alex Fields
jr. a young man who on Saturday police
say rammed his Dodge Challenger into a
crowd in Charlottesville killing Heather
hire and injury 19 others was not a
domestic terrorist
that's one proposition to Fields was a
fatherless troubled individual who
likely experienced economic distance
Fran
as a child of Kentucky and was moved to
violence room motives about which we can
only guess Proposition three the
marchers who gathered in Charlottesville
to protest the removal of a statue of
General Robert Ely are not necessarily
all trite
after all the alt-right movement
encompasses a diverse spectrum of
opinion for white people should feel no
sense of responsibility because a tiny
handful of so-called white nationalists
and supremacist falsely claim to speak
in their name proposition 5 the blame
for the events in Charlottesville does
not lie with any particular group
proposition 6 president Trump is right
on Saturday to avoid stigmatizing any
particular group okay says spretz
Stevens now here's hoping you're
revolted by each of the six preceding
points because if you are then maybe we
can at last rethink the policy of
euphemism obfuscation denial and
semantics yoga that typify the Obama
administration's discussion of another
form of terrorism that would be Islamist
terrorism I mean really the reaction to
one and the reaction to another is so
different and so hypocritical and the
fact that they that Trump is being
absolutely raked over the coals for this
and and look I'm not afraid to slap
Trump upside the head you know it was
really funny yesterday I took my opening
about the white supremacist making fun
of the white supremacist and I sent it
around and they put it up on one place I
saw they put it up with insta pundit
great site inst abundant and the a lot
of negative comments you know why are
you picking on the white supremacist
which I love I'm picking on the white
supremacist because they suck thanks all
right that's why I'm picking out and
they suck and as I say they're in my
house I that's they particularly offend
me in that regard but their comment that
I got more than anything else was this
doesn't take any courage this doesn't
take any courage to hit the white
supremacist you should be hitting it to
left
that's a really interesting statement I
got it numerous numerous times yesterday
and what I'm doing doesn't take any
courage being a police officer being a
soldier those things take courage I
just and blessed with the gift of
complete indifference to what people
think of makes it I can say whatever I
want that is that is the gift that I
have it's not it's not a question of
courage but if it took courage we take
more courage to hit at the people on my
side because they comprise my audience
they are my audience right you alienate
your audience Ben Shapiro's tougher on
Trump than I am you know he risks
alienating the people who actually
listen to him the left isn't listening
to Ben
you know Ben is a guy who is going to
say what he has to say I'm a guy who's
going to say what he has to say and the
thing is when you hear somebody that you
basically agree with I get this all the
time I people say well I agreed with you
up until you said that and now I'm not
listening to you anymore
but think about that for a minute that
means that I have to kowtow to you that
means that I have to lie to you that
means that I have to sell you what you
want in order to keep your attention
instead you should be looking for people
who are willing to possibly offend their
audience it's harder to offend your own
audience this is the left makes this
mistake - they always a respeaking truth
to power by attacking Trump well no
you're not because no power in your life
the power and your life are all liberals
all the people are going to hire you all
the producers all the big studio execs
they're all liberals they will hire you
for attacking Trump they might blacklist
you for liking Trump I mean Jimmy Fallon
had to apologize you know and they so he
gave an emotional speech yesterday on
you know attacking Trump well I'm sure
he did because the last time he was nice
to Trump they crucified him you know it
so it's speaking to your own speaking
truth to your own people the people who
are powerful in your life that really
matters and if you only want to hear
your own opinions echoed back to you
then you're just going to be in that
echo chamber and that's how all those
conspiracies conspiracy things start and
all the kind of nonsense where you start
to believe stuff that only five years
later you find out isn't true all right
I knew we didn't get our art ready we
have a new another new feature sexual
Follies is that what we're calling
sexual Follies where basically we attack
feminists that's no no it will cover the
whole range of sexual misbehavior in our
culture today and then we'll attack
feminists that's okay today I want to
point out an article in the Atlantic
take journal called why do women bully
each other at work and this is a really
institute by all the Kisan now you know
I don't really have bosses in my life
I'm a contractor I contract for people
and of course when people pay you you
owe them a debt of you know loyalty and
service and you want to give them their
money's worth
and all that stuff it's not quite the
same as having a single job where you
can be tossed out at any time but still
I have worked with many women I'm in the
arts there's a lot of women in the arts
and some of the experiences have been
spectacular this experiences that have
been awful have been awful in peculiarly
feminine ways let me put it that way you
know so that is really interesting the
only enemy I ever made in Hollywood in
all and I have quit jobs and I've gotten
into big big arguments but the only time
I ever made an enemy in Hollywood was a
woman a very very famous woman I can't
tell you who she is because you'll know
her but you know when I very mildly in
the most polite way told her that I
disagreed with what she was doing with a
script she went ballistic when to list
ik and she called my agent screamed at
me and yelled at me and really did a lot
to torment screamed about me and yelled
about me and a lot to torment me so I
have run into these people but this
article is called why do women bully
each other at work and I'm going to
change the word the word he used is the
obviously the B word but just to be safe
here I'll call it the witches the
witches they say there are a lot of
witches in business and the witches as
one woman put it they come in three
varieties she categorized them on her
personal blog and a post titled beware
the female big law partner so this was a
lawyer working in a big law firm she
said there first was the aggressive
which a certain kind of high ranking
woman at the firm where she worked who
didn't think twice about verbally
assaulting anyone when one such
partner's name appeared on caller ID
Shannon told me we would just freak out
just to see her calling
next was the two-faced
passive-aggressive witch who subtle semi
rude emails hinted that you really
shouldn't leave for 6:30
she was arguably worse than the
aggressive witch because you might never
know where you stand last but not least
the tuned out indifferent which she
wrote is so busy both with work and
family that they don't have time for
anything this partner is not
trying to be mean but hey they have
things to do till midnight so you will -
they're going to make you work till
midnight and she this woman finally said
she left the firm and she went to a
place with gentler hours she later took
time off to be with her young children
she now says that if she were returned
to a big firm she'd be weary of working
for a woman and in poles men and women
say this - men say at last
men are more willing to work for women
than women are but the writer says the
female writer in this Atlantic Post says
her screed against the female partner
surprised me since people don't usually
rail against historically marginalized
groups on the record I would take issue
that women in America have been
historically marginalized but let's say
they are all right when I reached out to
other women to ask whether they'd had
similar experiences some were appalled
by the question as though I were Phyllis
Schlafly calling from beyond the grave
heaven forfend you should be Phyllis
Schlafly but then they would say things
like well there was this one time and
tales of female sabotage was spill forth
as I went about my dozens of interviews
I began to feel like a priest to whom
women were confessing their sins against
feminism and that is actually the point
that I actually wanted to get to because
I know that women I know that women
don't like working for women and I know
that men that prefer working for men
though by smaller numbers I would say in
my life the best bosses I've had have
been men but you know I can't tell none
of us works for so many people that we
really have a good selection and as I
say that they're women who have been
really bad and I have worked for some
really bad women have all been
peculiarly bad peculiarly feminist ways
but what I want to know is how is it
that feminism has been allowed to co-opt
the dreams and desires and opinions of
women this is what I want to know why
needs to take a priest for you to
confess your sins against feminism I
approve this if I if I have heard this
once I have heard it ten times of a
woman in private conversation will say
to me
you know I actually my daydream my
daydream is that a man will come along
and rescue me but I know you're not
supposed to dream that how many
defendants require the power over
or daydreams how to require the power
over your opinions and your desires I
would really like to know this I mean
women are more social than men like I
said I'm kind of a guy who doesn't care
what people think of me unless I love
them unless I really care about them I
care what my friends think about me I
care what my wife thinks about me I just
don't care what like some guy who
comments you know I have a very thick
skin when it comes to what people are
saying about me and all this stuff I
know women are more social than that
they care a lot more but Wow is it that
women have allowed feminism to co-opt
their daydreams and their desires and
their opinions I just want to know I
would love to hear from women about this
like do they feel afraid to sit down and
ask themselves not what they're supposed
to want out of life but what they
actually want out of life
do they ever hold their life up to their
real daydreams the daydreams that they
have when they're lying in bed before
they fall asleep when they're walking
with nobody's around they ever hold
their life up to that instead of the
daydreams they were sold by their
feminist professors that feminist
teachers maybe their feminist parents I
really would like to know about that
because I hear this from women again and
again I'm not supposed to say this but
I'm not supposed to say this but that
was the thing that caught me in this
article was not so much about whether
women make bad bosses or not but that
nobody's really that whether we're
willing to say it they weren't willing
to say if feminism has shut down women's
minds all right tomorrow is the mail bag
subscribe get your questions in come on
look do you want your life to continue
the way it is of course not
I think it's impolite your questions in
we will answer them all tomorrow I'm
Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew Clavin
show
Oh
