it's time for another exciting episode
of Lena Dunham thought police now some
of you may be asking wait who's Lena
Dunham after all if you're like most
Americans you've seen her name in news
articles and you've heard she once had a
television show but you've never watched
the show and you've never read any of
the articles because you've been busy
doing more important things like
braiding the hair around your navel or
trying to see how far you can shoot a
booger by blowing it through a straw
well to bring you up to date Lena Dunham
is a dumpy and unattractive woman who
enjoyed taking her clothes off on the
HBO series girls
Dunham's nakedness ensured that girls
would have an audience restricted to
about 17 New York City journalists who
declared the show a tremendous hit
before admitting that they weren't
really watching it either
Dunham claimed that the audience's
unwillingness to look at her naked body
was due to their sexist bigoted
privileges of beauty over ugliness she
said she looked forward to building a
world in which he could take off her
clothes without men trying to claw out
their own eyes while screaming for God
to kill them now right now but in our
latest exciting episode of Lena Dunham
thought police Lena Dunham was recently
making her dumpy unattractive way
through the arrival hall of JFK
International Airport in New York this
is actually a true story ever alert Lena
Dunham thought police overheard two
American airline flight attendants
having a private conversation about
so-called transgender children
luckily Lena Dunham thought police was
able to listen in on this private
conversation
lest two Americans exchange ideas on the
events of the day without being
monitored by Lena Dunham thought police
Lena Dunham thought police reported
these attendants on Twitter saying they
did not express opinions about
transgender children that were approved
of by Lena Dunham thought police Lena
Dunham thought police that explained to
American Airlines that having two of
their flight attendants have a private
conversation disapproved of by Lena
Dunham thought police created a bad
impression of the company with Lena
Dunham thought police
American Airlines investigated the
horrific incident and could find no
evidence that these flight
even existed which is another thing
about Lena Dunham thought police not
only is she dumped me an unattractive
but a lot of stuff she says turns out to
be what is technically called untrue
like that time she claims she had been
forced to have sexual intercourse with a
Republican named Barry and no one could
locate a Republican named Barry or any
other man who was interested in having
sexual intercourse with Lena Dunham
thought police now at this point some of
you may be asking why are we even
talking about this horrible person and
okay I don't actually have an answer to
that question trigger warning
I'm Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Clavin show
all right it's mailbag day hey-ho and
you know we've got a lot of really
interesting questions personal questions
religious questions all kinds but you
can also send in questions live while
we're here if you are a subscriber you
cannot be in the mailbag without being a
subscriber it's a lousy ten bucks a
month and if you subscribe for the year
it's only a lousy 100 bucks a month plus
you get the leftist tears
what is this day I keep calling it a mug
but it's a tumbler the leftist tears
tumblr so you can't humble your leftist
tears into the tumblr and drink them
there also listen this has come to my
attention and ben shapiro was kind
enough to point this out to me you know
i michael Knowles's show is getting all
these big ratings because people are
engaging with it on itunes they're
giving it big ratings and all this stuff
now normally I'm a competitive guy but
I'm only competitive in terms of quality
in terms of quality I don't have to
worry obviously about Michael Nolt I
mean no I'm joking it's a great show but
then that is a man of no words right he
wrote a book with no words in it I know
all the best words I know all the best
words so go on iTunes and give us good
reviews and give us likes and all that
stuff and you will push the show up and
we can humiliate Knowles which is let's
face it isn't that why we're all here of
course it is all right I'm gonna talk
about we're gonna talk about Google
again I'm gonna go back and talk about
Google and Bjorn Lomborg the interview
we did with Bjorn longer one Borg about
the environment of course we have to
talk about North Korea because we
probably won't get through the show
without a nuclear strike Los Angeles you
know I always say I always say that my
generation the boomer generation I wish
they could die without taking me with
them I wish they could get rid of Los
Angeles
except that I'm here so I'm a little
worried about meanwhile though that
doesn't mean that while we're waiting
for the nuclear war we can't eat well I
think this is an important you know
spiritual point as the world comes to an
end we should be eating well and what
one of the ways to do that is blue apron
because you know a lot of us send out
for stuff I send out for stuff I'm sure
you do and you said what you send out
for you send up for garbage basically
beats it and you know stuff like that
blue apron
delivers to your door these gourmet
meals that you cook yourself so it's not
only does it enhance your home cooking
but it is like you are cooking a
restaurant level meals let me read you
some of this stuff that's on because it
keeps changing they change it up and you
go on and you select the meals you want
this upcoming meals include basil pesto
chicken with summer vegetable panzanella
now I gotta be honest with you I you
know I might cook myself an omelet but
basil presto chicken with summer
vegetable panzanella is not in my
wheelhouse but this stuff is really
simple sauteed shrimp and green beans
whole grain pasta pasta and summer
vegetables they send you the ingredients
all measured out for you they send you
these very simple instructions it's
about 10 bucks per person a time so it's
really cheap and when you're finished
cooking you will have a restaurant level
meal it really is good and this week you
can go on and get this week's menu your
first three meals are free with free
shipping if you go to blue apron com
slash Andrew good it feels and tastes to
create incredible home-cooked meals with
blue apron so do not wait blue apron
dot-com / Andrew blue apron is a better
way to cook and it really is it's good
good stuff and those kind of meals it's
just the kind of is you don't make it
home I mean who does that stuff but you
can do it now all right let's start we
will start with this stuff going on in
North Korea and obviously this is kind
of escalating and but what happened was
you know there's they're testing all
these missiles making all these threats
and there is now some information that
they may possibly have reduced their one
of their nuclear weapons to the size
where it can go on a missile which makes
them obviously a lot more dangerous and
we have responded that nikki Haley was
in the UN ambassador went and got the
Security Council to vote 15 zero
including China and Russia to put these
incredible sanctions on North Korea but
you know they come in these cuts like I
don't know something like a third of
their it's the it's the eighth set of
sanctions 11 years it's intended to cut
the country's annual export revenue by 1
billion about a third of its current
total you know they still
can fund their nuclear weapons program
we don't know how they get it they have
a lot of illegal money there their
economy seems to be doing fine I don't
know if it's it's helpful but it drove
kim jeong-hoon a little crazy and he
started throwing out these threats so
yesterday they go to our president who's
supposed to be on vacation he was
announcing a new program to help with
opioid addiction and they said well what
about North Korea and here was Trump's
response that's not make any more
threats to the United States they will
be met with fire and fury like the world
has never seen he has been very
threatening beyond a normal state and as
I said they will be met with fire fury
and frankly power the likes of which
this world has never seen before thank
you so you know of course Kim jong-un
immediately responded remembering his
relationship with the old dictator his
father Kim jong-il okay that's not
actually there was something a little
bit more on the order of I'm going to
bomb Guam okay he said he's gonna
respond a thousand times with power and
fury so they're all screaming to one
another I just hope the Trump comes
across as so nutty that like Kim jong-un
is going on not that man is like me he's
crazy on me I'm not gonna bomb those
people anyway what what I loved about
this is I have to talk about the
coverage I mean obviously this is a
situation without a lot of good options
you know we got your bomb we can wipe
them off the face of the map with our
arsenal but South Korea is there and of
course who wants to let loose with these
kinds of weapons and all this stuff so
not a lot of good things Rex Tillerson
is trying to damp down the rhetoric and
trying to make it to us you know say
that because we've got because we've now
got this UN Security resolution maybe
China and Russia will actually pitch in
and get this class I mean like that's a
clown he's a nut
and North Korea is terrible but I just
want to comment a little bit on the
coverage
right Trump has that way of talking we
all know this trumpian way of talking
and I'm fire and fury and all this stuff
and as far as I'm concerned let Kim
jong-un worry about him let you know
let's low strike some fear into the
guy's heart but the press reacts to
everything Trump does as if no one else
has ever done this stuff before and it's
always different when Trump does it
my favorite is Brian Williams right he
had just returned I think he had
parachuted into pandora where he was
helping the Navi you know restore the
ongoing good tree or something this guy
even still on the air that you know
being a leftist means never having to
say you're sorry I mean this is the guy
who bowed to the president the United
States he bowed to Barack Obama you know
he actually bowed as if the guy were
they the satrap of an Eastern country he
told all these made up all these stories
he's still on there and this is how he
sees the press's job in covering North
Korea and Donald Trump my job tonight
actually is to scare people to death on
this subject so the talk isn't as free
as it is about a pre-emptive or surgical
military strike you know that part of
the world the population centers Andrea
and the general have talked about South
Korea the Japanese and so on and so on
well it's very true as Andrea and the
general put just so succinctly this is
not a viable military option this is not
Syria this is not Iran this is a Hard
Rock of a military target it's our job
to scare them to death you know it not
only does that but he tells the guests
what to say you know it they do this one
CNN - it's like how is the guest going
to say it's not really that bad Brian
you know I think you're acting a little
out of control but Brian Williams and
the rest of the press have decided that
this is this is very different than when
Bill Clinton said Bill Clinton said the
same thing though Clinton said that if
they developed and used an atomic weapon
we would quickly and overwhelmingly
retaliate
Bill Clinton it would mean the end of
their country as they know it the end of
their country as they know it and of
course North Korea reacted the same way
with threats and the rhetoric got all
ramped up and all this stuff but more
importantly than that more importantly
than that what we are dealing with is
the failure of years that Donald Trump
has nothing about whatsoever to do with
do with and I just want to remind you of
Bill Clinton in 1994 he made this pact
with North Korea oh that was going you
know was gonna bring peace in our time
it was gonna be increasing our time and
it was gonna completely eliminate the
nuclear weapon program we were gonna
give them money to help them with their
energy and they used the money to build
their nuclear weapon program and here is
Bill Clinton talking about this in 1994
this is a good deal for the United
States North Korea will freeze and then
dismantle its nuclear program South
Korea and our other allies will be
better protected the entire world will
be safer as we slow the spread of
nuclear weapons South Korea with support
from Japan and other nations will bear
most of the cost of providing North
Korea with fuel to make up for the
nuclear energy it is losing and they
will pay for an alternative power system
for North Korea that will allow them to
produce electricity while making it much
harder for them to produce nuclear
weapons the United States and
international inspectors will carefully
monitor North Korea to make sure it
keeps its commitments thanks ever so
much Bill thanks ever so much I mean
nobody it's like suddenly this happened
because Donald Trump is elected in the
press doesn't like Donald Trump and
suddenly Donald Trump's rhetoric is
worse than everybody else's rather Obama
had rhetoric like this he said we could
destroy we could destroy them and all
this but you also while you're while
it's fresh in your memory there's a
little off the track but while that's
fresh in your memory
that's the 1994 Bill Clinton telling us
how great it's gonna be that he's made a
pact with North Korea right and and the
press was cheering and a we've solved
this terrible problem and now we see
that it only exacerbated the problem
only made it worse
let's skip ahead to 2015 Barack Obama
remember Bill Clinton said this is a
good deal for the American
can people miss Barack Obama announcing
his deal with Iran and I want you to
just remember this five years down the
road today after many months of tough
principled diplomacy we have achieved
the framework for that deal and it is a
good deal a deal that meets our core
objectives this framework would cut off
every pathway that Iran could take to
develop a nuclear weapon Iran will face
strict limitations on its program and
Iran has also agreed to the most robust
and intrusive inspections and
transparency regime ever negotiated for
any nuclear program in history I just
want you to remember this that this is
the way the Democrats roll look there's
not a lot of good options here we keep
saying this tomorrow we're gonna have
Sebastian Gore Khan the deputy assistant
to the President of the United States
and he will talk about this more he has
a lot to say I've listened been
listening to what he's been saying and
he'll talk about this more but I mean
you know there aren't a lot of good
options I get it but this is the end of
years and years of fiddling around and
not knowing how to handle this and not
really taking a strong tack and not
being able to get China off the dime
it's obviously some of the answer lies
in getting insane starting to threaten
that we're gonna allow Japan to go
nuclear as well because that's the thing
that China doesn't want and if we ever
got serious about that China might
actually step in and stop this guy I
mean you know all China wants is the
threat to us and us being tangled up in
this so they can do what they're doing
in the South China Sea the mail box is
coming up but we got to say the mail bag
the mail bag is gone coming up but we
got to say goodbye to Facebook and
YouTube you've been watching us for free
but if you come on over to the Daily
wire calm you can listen to us for free
or for a lousy 10 bucks a month you can
subscribe and not just watch us on the
site but you can also be part of the
mailbag all your problem solved answers
guaranteed 100% correct and will change
your life on occasion on occasion for
the better and and listen unless you
want to see Michael Knowles walking
around here
working you have to go on iTunes and
give us good reviews and give us likes
and that will help us to humiliate
Knowles I think we should all all of us
as we wake up each day as we go about
our business we should all be thinking
about humiliating
Michael Knowles I think it's just
important of course of course would you
think about it's in the it's even in the
Bible I think maybe maybe I read that
wrong come on over to the daily wire.com
all right I wanted to go back before we
get to the mailbag I wanted to go back
and I should have mentioned this before
but we're gonna go to the mail but you
can send in questions live too so please
feel free to send in your questions live
and we will try to get to those as well
I want to talk about the two things
because they kind of linked in my mind
by one big idea which is yesterday we
saw this guy at Google this James damned
war got fired and he got fired for
sending out this perfectly reasonable
memo that talked about the the the the
problems with a monoculture the problems
with having a culture that excludes that
excludes conservative thought that has
people going to classes that are only
available to one gender or one race so
in other words if you think about it
it's so it's so sexist to do that
because even though men and women are
different you know sighs most men are
taller men are taller than women in
general right but there are women who
are taller than men right I'm about I
don't know what I am now because you
shrink over time I used to be about 511
so that makes me taller than the next 30
women but if you're 6 foot 2 you're
taller than the next I don't know how
many it is thousands of women actually
so but of course they're women who are
taller than me and they're women they're
taller than men and they're men who were
short and there are men who are more
emotional all this you know all this
stuff and so if you just say well only
one gender is allowed to come here only
one gender has this concern unless it is
a biological immediately biological
concern you're excluding these people so
he's talking about this stuff and he
says listen to this quote was
which was in his report I valued
diversity and inclusion I am not denying
that sexism exists and I don't endorse
using stereotypes when addressing the
gap and representation in the population
we need to look at population level
differences and distributions if we
can't have an honest discussion about
this then we can never truly solve the
problem and you're fired that's right
there and here is how the media response
responded to that like let me remind you
of the quote just the top sentence of
this I value diversity and inclusion
here are the media outlets blatantly
lying about the Google memo The
Washington Post a Google engineer said
women may be genetically unsuited for
tech jobs he never said that he did not
say it he said that there are
differences in what women like to do and
some differences in what women can do
but their general obviously and there's
going to be individuals who go outside
of that box
CNN Google CEO cuts vacation short to
address controversial memo that argued
women aren't biologically fit for text
jobs in Time magazine Google has fired
the employee who wrote an anti diversity
tirade the Atlantic a call stood a
screed and a Jeremiah the Googlers
complaints assumed that all is well in
the world of computing technology such
that any efforts to introduce different
voices into the field only risk
undermining is income it's just nonsense
Forbes good Google fires anti diversity
memo writer Huffington Post Google fires
male engineer behind anti diversity memo
ABC News Google fires employee behind
controversial anti diversity memo I mean
it's just lies it is just lies and it
what is so dangerous about this I mean
so dangerous is now Google is it
perverts people's minds alright so you
have people now who feel that they have
become the thought Nazis at Google who
think they think that they're being
tolerant right by being thoughtless here
are some tweets that were put out by
tweet site called Paul political news
forever political news forever so here's
a guy I won't name him because I'm not
gonna DOCSIS guy he says you know there
are certain alternative views including
different political views which I do
want people to feel safe to share here
this is a Google employee right my
tolerance ends at my friend's Terror
here's a woman she says I am considering
creating a public inside Google document
of people who make diversity difficult
please share here any suggestions
criticisms or words of warning another
guy he's a manager he says one of the
great things about Google's internal
communication mechanisms is that as a
manager I can easily go find out if I
really want to work with you I mean this
this is what these guys are turning into
here's a woman who says he's talking to
a guy who says he read the original memo
and it wasn't that basically he's right
that ideas are being suppressed and the
woman replies your reply ignores the
many women Googlers who have expressed
the frustration they feel as a result of
this fog and thanks for using your real
name though it makes it easy to update
my spreadsheet of people with bad
opinions I mean this I mean this is goes
on these people are being turned into
Nazis and they can't see themselves
because they're in you know they're in
this culture and yesterday we talked
also to Bjorn Lomborg who is just a guy
who basically says yes
global warming yes people are
contributing to it but the things that
they do he talked about the Paris Accord
remember this hysteria that went on
during the when Trump dropped out of the
Paris Accord and he said if everybody
did everything that they promised to do
in the Paris Accord which has a
possibility percentage of 0% everybody
would be like a fraction of 1% of
nothing that would do they would
accomplish nothing and cost trillions
where if you put much much much less
money into research how to store energy
how to use different kinds of energy and
fracking and all this stuff you know it
would achieve so much more and I said to
him well what's the difference and he
said well it's virtue signaling you know
I said why don't they do the sensible
thing why did they do the crazy thing
and he said it's purchasing this is the
point I want to make about this very
quickly and then we'll get to the
mailbag you know there has been a
movement for the last oh gosh it's over
a hundred years to anatomize people's
motivations to make people's motivations
physical Freud of course was the great
pie in
in this all your motivations come from
your sex drive every word you say really
is related to your sex drive you say
this but you really mean something about
your sex drive everything is related to
eros you know it's this physical thing
that is just being expressed in fake
spiritual terms even your belief in God
it's just a new you know it's just a an
expression of your sex drive now it's
moved on now that Freud has been not
totally debunked but a lot of this part
of it has been debunked we've moved on
to evolutionary biology right this idea
that everything is because of some thing
that you developed as you were going
from being a monkey to being a human
being and by the way some people don't
believe in going from being a gorilla to
being a human being but it happened to
me just this morning so I think I have
to say today it must be must be real but
but the point is now they say oh well
I've heard people say oh art developed
because we had to learn about the
savanna so we learned to paint
landscapes
I mean nonsense just just so stories
about how things come to be and we talk
about all motivations now as if we say
oh that girl is beautiful because you
can see that she is you know fertile by
the way she looks and anybody who's ever
been around women for a long time those
are the women become more beautiful than
I so they are I mean the more you like
them the more beautiful that become has
nothing to do with their fertility it
has to do with the spiritual
relationship between you and the woman
that you're talking to the Spirit comes
first you know I was reading Discover
Magazine I should really talk about this
in another section but I just just
briefly it was about a guy who wanted to
get rid of his religious feelings and so
he started talking about how oh this is
what happens in the brain you know when
you have religious feelings and
therefore it's just the brain doing this
stuff and I thought well something
something happens in the brain when it's
raining out - and I see that it's
raining something happens in the brain
that doesn't me it's not raining you
know just because you something happens
to your brain when you experience God
doesn't mean there's no god that's silly
logic so everything is bent on
eliminating the Spirit on eliminating
spiritual methods but let me tell you
something if they're I don't think
there's one motive for human actions but
certainly one of the largest motives is
the display of virtue and that comes
from the fact that we are
fallen creatures know that we are not
what we're supposed to be there is not
one of us on earth who thinks he is what
he is supposed to be not one no not one
unless he's a psychopath unless he's a
serial killer or something like that you
know the people who are saying no they
are not what they're supposed to be and
they spend I would if you listen to the
way people talk if he listens the way
you talk like maybe 85% of what you say
is meant to signal to other people that
you are a good person because you know
you're not and the delusion is that you
can sell yourself to a good person when
he knows you're not - I mean he knows
not as well because he knows what he is
and he knows what you are this thing
about virtue if we looked at virtue the
way people look at evolutionary biology
and Freudian nonsense about your sex
drive so if we thought about that as a
motivation a key motivation we would
understand so much more of the world and
why people are doing this stuff I think
it is a sin a sin that Google is turning
its staff into these thought Nazis
instead of teaching them tolerance for
disagreement by removing the sky by
firing the sky they have given credence
and encouragement to the worst in
humankind not that these people are the
worst people but simply one of the worst
things we do is signal our virtue
instead of turning to God and truth and
saying I'm a sinner you know I am a
broken guy and then by the way one of
the wonderful things about coming to
Christianity for me is understanding
myself in those terms made me see other
people realistically and more
forgivingly
mailbag there it is I think we finally
edited out that little space there
always used to be that little lag there
all right good we gotta get right to the
whoo-hoo
let's see from Mase dear Lord Clavin
bringer of shininess leader of the
allocations
it means the bald the bald ones and
first of his name I'm 26 years old and
my soon-to-be wife and I just bought a
home we are both first-time homebuyers
finances aren't an issue but I was
wondering if you have any words of
wisdom for me you know what they say
happy wife happy life right thanks from
your fellow a location mace no that's
not right happy why
happy life what you know obviously I've
said before if you're newly Wed or
you're even if you're not the key one of
the key secrets to a happy marriage is
being polite to one another it's such a
stupid thing to have to talk about but I
hear people say things to their wives
and to their husbands that they would
never say to a person in a store or a
waitress you wouldn't say you know like
you brought me the wrong thing you know
you did you're always doing this you're
always do you know you're a hoist make
it you know you don't talk to people
like that but then you go home and you
talk to your wife or your husband like
that and it's you know if you think
about it just a little bit of kindness a
little bit of politeness goes a long way
but the other thing the reason I say
that happy wife happy life is a stupid
saying it just has the virtue of rhyming
basically is that you're you're the
leader in your house you're the leader
in your house so you're if you're the
husband you're the leader in your house
and sometimes you're gonna have to make
decisions that make your wife unhappy in
order to make her happy you should be
pouring out your soul to make you should
be pouring out your soul to make her
happy but that doesn't always mean
making her happy in the moment and a lot
of times you're gonna have to do things
it may be hopefully not a lot of times
but sometimes are gonna have to do
things make decisions for the family
that she isn't gonna like and she will
she'll hold it against you I can tell
you she will you know I mean I think
it's natural to do that but but what I
would say is if if you are the leader in
your family accept that role and
understand that sometimes doing the best
thing for your family is not the thing
that they want you to do same way it's
the same thing with your kids not
comparing two women to children but it
is the same thing with your kids
sometimes you have to do things they
make your kids very very unhappy in
order to get them get them the stuff
that is gonna make them happy over time
oh hi priests Clavin praise be unto you
I met a girl who shares all the same
values I do
she is Christian and conservative she is
beautiful and I think she may be the
loveliest woman I have ever met so far
I'm not seeing the problem she's moving
to Texas in a month and I live in
Virginia I feel it is extremely rare to
find someone with these beliefs in 2017
I believe there is an unspoken
attraction between us and I am unsure
whether to say anything or not since she
will be moving a good distance
soon I would like to pursue this further
but it seems in vain since we will
hardly ever see each other what should I
do
Kyle Kyle congratulations you have asked
me the easiest question I've ever to
seed make your move gam boon go for it
dude if this is if this is the right
woman it will all work out if it's not
it won't you know I mean that's the
thing but do not do not let her get away
do not let her get on that plane without
telling her how you feel you don't have
to make a big show out of it just talk
to her and just say what you said
basically to me to her you know I mean
that I felt there was something between
us and I think you are terrific and a
lovely person and you know we share a
lot of values and I would like to stay
in touch you know distance you know I
won't say that love conquers all but it
distance is not the biggest problem we
actually they've injected invented this
gigantic thing flies through the sky
between Virginia and Texas you will be
able to visit they've invented the
internet you will be able to see one
another but don't let her get away I
mean come on that's an easy right I mean
that's a that's an easy one I'm sorry
all right would you say that it is
impressive that America went from a
colonist colonization to a world power
in such a relatively short time yes is
it made I mean you know always remember
the scene there are these novels I've
recommended them I think and stuff I
like these novels of the flashman novels
and they're really wonderful if you've
never read them they're written by a
conservative and they're a conservative
view of history they're about a coward
who is accidentally in every battle of
the Victorian era both in England and in
America so he's in every battle even
though he's a coward he keeps being
promoted because he seems to be a hero
even though he's a dastard in a coward
and all this stuff and there's just one
scene in one of the Indian ones where he
goes out to fight the Indian Wars and
then he goes out a little bit later I
can't remember if it's the Civil War or
whatever it is and he's looking out the
window of a train and he can see the
wagon trains wheel tracks so in other
words the people who went out there to
settle it to settle the West left their
tracks and he can see that now that the
train has opened that the advancement of
America from nothing to a global power
was predicted but it was rapid very
rapid in the final part of this question
is is our Western philosophy unique
to all of other Western civilization's
if so is America still in an
experimental phase I'm not sure I quite
understand that we are a unique version
of what the Western philosophy obviously
and we are I don't know experimental we
are a revolutionary country and yes
we're still experimental like but we're
a revolutionary country and some of the
problems we have some of the things that
we get angry at with the left about is
because we have that revolutionary
attitude you know when you go to Europe
it's funny they have feminism there they
have all these things there but they
just do it they retain their common
sense you know they know women are
different than men they don't suddenly
sit around say we're all the same people
do but it's not with the same kind of
virulence and it doesn't get the same
kind of spread in the media at least in
my experience that it does here and
that's partly because we're a
revolutionary experimental country where
we remain that way and we think anything
goes when of course that's just not the
way it is all right
hello mr. Clavin so my life and faith
has always been very important to me I
grew up in a very religious household
which taught me the happiness that a
life and faith can give you the only
problem is a couple of years ago I came
to the realization that I'm gay my
question is based off your knowledge of
the Bible and God's words do you think
there's any way that a person can be gay
but still live a life of faith from
Oliver absolutely abso lutely we you
know all of us are at variance as I just
said we're all at variance with some
perfect version of ourselves
every single one of us let me put it
this way let me put it as simply as
possible i Andrew Klavan sitting behind
this microphone I accept you as you are
I and not the king of the universe I am
a Schmo it is very very likely that the
king of the universe has a much broader
sense of acceptance and love and
fulfillment and Millie you know that
that the insurance company I can't
remember the name of the insurance
company they have an ad where they say
we've we know a thing or two because
we've seen a thing or two God knows
everything because he's seen everything
he is as close to you as your skin as
close as your breath he knows all that
squirrely stuff and God loves you this
is the thing you know they keep saying
this God loves you but nobody thinks
about it in real term
because the priest the guy the pastor
who's saying it frequently doesn't want
to release his own Authority he doesn't
want to let go of his own power and just
let God love you but God loves you
anyway he really does not kidding around
and it's like he doesn't love you
because he's loving he is loving but he
loves you because he's lovable he made
you lovable he knows who you are you
keep you have no secrets from him and he
loves you there is no reason you can't
live a life of faith look if you go to
God as I do every day as I hope you do
every day he's gonna change you he's
gonna change he's gonna make you better
I mean he's I I have to say he has made
me much much better than I was there's
no question about it he's gonna make you
better I don't know how he's gonna do
that I don't know what he's gonna tell
you what to do and what what he thinks
degrades you and what he thinks uplifts
you and what he thinks needs changing
and what doesn't and neither does
anybody else you know neither does
anybody else look if you're doing things
that are hurting other people
stop it okay that's a bad thing to do
stop because it's bad but in your life
if you are a certain person bring that
person to God he'll tell you where to go
and what to do and I think that pleasure
is nothing you know Jesus never mentions
this and that he never mentions
homosexuality and I'm not arguing I'm
not arguing at all that that means he
thinks it's greater he thinks it's bad
all I'm saying is he is the word he used
words well he knew what he meant to say
he never mentioned it and the fact that
this is what churches talk about all the
time and this has become synonymous with
Christianity seems to me a diversion
from a guy who had a three-year ministry
and never talked about it he never
talked about so bring yourself to God
and let God worry about it let God worry
about who you are stop you worrying
about who you are I mean if there's
nothing if there's one thing that God
says over and over again
stop worrying don't be afraid let not
your heart be troubled neither let it be
afraid of course you can live a life of
faith of course again that's my answer
and now you can write your angry letters
to me know get this angry letters I know
they're your just what you're probably
already waiting to writing them along
all right can we do one more Oh bye
let me did you send me a
it's about what pat buchanan all right
read it to me I am NOT a fan of Buchanan
I think that his nationalism has shaded
over into bigotry at times I think that
he is sometimes a catastrophist who
always sees disaster coming and I think
that kind of talk I really makes people
make bad decisions I think there are
elements of him in Trump you know we
don't have time to talk about the Trump
today the way I've been seeing him and
kind of experiencing him the thing about
Trump is look there's a lot of reasons
not to like Donald Trump but so far so
far he's acted within the law he has
done some really good things he has done
some things that I don't like but he
hasn't done anything catastrophic so I'm
only gonna judge him as judge Trump is
President of the United States and what
he does and how it affects my life
Buchanan I judge by his words because
that's what he does he talks and he
writes and I've never really read
anything by him that really made me
stand up and think wow that has really
increased my insight I've always found
him to be a bit of a bomb bombastic guy
so that's that's where I'll leave that
all right I have to just we started out
with Lena Dunham I have to end with
Ashley Judd Ashley Judd Lena Dunham is
patrolling our airports making sure that
nobody says anything mean about
transgenders here is Ashley Judd and
what is with these rich white I mean
these are the most privileged people on
earth rich white actresses can you get
any more privilege that what would you
have to be to be more privileged there's
Ashley Judd telling the nightmarish
story of what happened to her in the
airport was coming through security and
a guy said
hey sweetheart and I said I'm not your
sweetheart I am your client so I was
already setting the boundary and then
when I was setting my things out he said
hey nice dress I didn't hear him saying
anything about the attire of any of the
other folks in the entire line and I am
in one of the most traveled airports in
the world I'm surrounded by lots and
lots of other people and lots of
different kinds of dress I set my stuff
on the doohickey you know the doohickey
that rolls and I was speaking with one
of his colleagues she was saying do you
have on that heeled shoes whatever and
guess what happened next he touched me
I didn't see him touch anybody else and
I turned around and I said that was
unnecessary by the time you know my skin
is burning my feet are burning it's so
hard to continue to set these boundaries
when someone continues to push and then
for then for good measure he just said
one more time have a good day sweetheart
so I have plenty of time I'm really
early for my flight and I caught my
breath and I said my prayers and you
know my my intention is to put
principles above personalities I'm not
here to be controversial I'm not here to
be combative but I asked for a manager
and I introduced myself and I shook his
hand and I asked for his name and I
explained the situation the struggle is
real folks that's like you know you know
what I wanted to bring in I wanted to
bring in a mash-up of every sex scene
that she ever did in movies I mean the
reason she is who she is is because
she's an attractive woman and that was
part of her you know acting stuff and
that's why you put her on screen and
it's just I mean that's her that's her
problem
the other thing about this by the way is
I don't know this could be a guy girl
difference but I fought I fought crazy
in love crazy in love with any woman who
calls me sweetheart or baby or anything
like that you know I got out when I buy
my wife flowers at this shop this is
this lady she's got to be I don't know
70 or something like this and she's
she's a black lady and she calls me boo
all the time and I always go home and
say to my wife you almost lost me you
know they all you have to do is call me
but I'm so easy you know all you have to
do is call me boo and I'm gone all right
stuff I like this struggle is real stuff
I like we've been celebrating the
centenary of Robert Mitchum one of the
great tough-guy actors and this was one
of his later films the Friends of Eddie
Coyle first of all if you have never
read the novel the Friends of Eddie
Coyle you remember the show justified
did you watch justified at the end of
justified I think in the last show the
stars is packing up his stuff to leave
and he takes out the Friends of Eddie
Coyle and he says I've read
spoke like a hundred times and he leaves
it behind for one of the other officers
to read it is eight one of the truly
truly terrific tough-guy novels by
George V Higgins who was an Assistant
United States attorney in Boston during
the whitey bulger crime spree okay so
what he did is he took the tapes of
people being interviewed and he used
that dialogue to create this story about
Eddie fingers Eddie Coyle who's an aging
delivery truck driver for a bakery but
he's also a gunrunner and he runs guns
for the mob Robert Mitchum played him a
terrific film by Peter Yates with a
script the screenplay by Paul Monash was
the guy who brought me into the movie
business
he bought yeah he was a director and he
bought my book the scarred man and that
that changed my life because they paid
they bought it outright so they paid
what for me was a mountain of gold for
it and sort of me meant that I didn't
have to work at another job anymore I
could just write full-time and paul
mones did that he died quite a long time
ago but a really good guy I remember I
made I could tell stories about all the
stupid things I did because I'd never
dealt with Hollywood before but anyway
he wrote the screenplay great screenplay
great film here is Robert Mitchum as
Eddie Coyle explaining why they call him
Eddie fingers which is one day he got
some guns for somebody and the guns were
traced and the guy he sold them to went
to prison and this is how they punished
him they put your hand on a draw as
somebody kicks the drawer shut
what makes it hurt worst what makes it
hurt more is knowing what's gonna happen
to you you know there you are
they just come up to you and say look
you made somebody mad you made a big
mistake and now there's somebody doing
time for it there's nothing personal in
it you understand but it just has to be
done now get your hand out there you
think about that doing it you know when
I was a kid in Sunday school this man
used to say stick your hand I stick my
hand out flat knock me across the
knuckles with a steel edge ruler so one
day I says when she told me to stick
your hand out I says no she wept me
right across the face with the look same
thing they put your hand in a drawer
somebody kicks the drawer shut said they
had bones breaking just like a man
snapping a shingle of hurts like that's
Robert Mitchum as Eddie Coyle and the
Friends of Eddie Coyle the novel is
great too this sequel diggers game is
also a terrific novel by George Higgins
that's it so let me remind you that if
you want to fulfill your purpose in life
which is humiliating Michael Knowles
make sure to go on iTunes and give us a
five star review and give us some likes
and push us up past his show because I
mean let's face it really got me you
know there has to be some justice in the
world
I'm Andrew Clavin is the Andrew Clavin
show we got Sebastian Gorka tomorrow be
there I'll see you then
Oh
