Google cracks down on the right HR
McMaster under fire from the alt-right
Plus Chelsea Handler goes full fascist
we'll talk about all of that and more
I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro
show oh so many things to talk about
first of all I want to thank you our
audience you have now made us number one
in news and politics over in iTunes
we're the number one podcast in news and
possibly our number two overall in the
country right this very instant which is
pretty awesome if you go over and you
subscribe and you leave us a review
right now there's the possibility the
pushes all the way up to number one
which would be awesome and a testament
to your your listenership which we are
always thankful for lots to get to today
or didn't talk about Chelsea Handler
going full motsi we are also going to
talk about the the Google memo this
google manifesto that has been making
the rounds plus we will give you the
update from Trump world but first I want
to say thank you to our sponsors over at
texture calm so texture is all about
information if you're an information
addict like I am and you read tons of
magazine magazines articles but you
don't want to subscribe to each magazine
is really expensive to subscribe to 200
magazines that's why you get texture
calm you can get up to 200 plus
magazines full of in-depth interviews
and stories all in the texture app
things like time and the Atlantic and
Vanity Fair is an article from the
Atlantic on me talking about on today's
show the Atlantis really good
publication Vanity Fair it's got Sports
Illustrated it's got it's got all of the
publications that you want all in one
place plus their archives
it makes magazines easy texture app has
gone just beyond just delivering the
magazine itself they've made it easy to
find and enjoy the articles that you
want to read they make daily
recommendations exclusive interactive
features videos and more and texture is
searchable so you can mark what you like
and check out back issues view bonus
video content and they even curate
articles and magazines just for you
texture comm slash Ben that's texture
comm slash Ben and right now if you go
to texture comm slash Ben they are
giving my listeners a 14-day free trial
at texture comm slash pen so you can try
it out see how much you like it I
promise you're going to enjoy it
texture comm slash Ben my wife's a big
Reader's Digest fan she gets it through
texture calm
remember to use that slash pen so you
get the 14-day free trial plus they'll
know that we sent you again the app is
called texture and you can download it
on any of your mobile friendly apps and
have access to information at all times
I realized my brain is sort of like
a leech on information it needs
information at all times and that's why
I love texture dot-com go to texture
comm slash then okay so tons of things
to get to today as always I want to
start with this amazing story out of
Google so apparently a Jerry Maguire
type figure some Rando at Google decided
to put out a 10 page manifesto it's a
ten page manifesto called Google's
ideological echo chamber and you can
sort of imagine Tom Cruise as the Google
exec writing out this ten page manifesto
xeroxing it putting it in all of the
boxes over at the sports agency and then
getting fired that's pretty much what
happened okay this this guy's a random
guy who's kept in his name Anonymous he
wrote this memo called Google's
ideological echo chamber and then
Google's vice president of diversity
integrity and governance which is the
most Orwellian title in history Danielle
Brown issued her own memo so I don't go
through this memo because the left has
claimed this is just a disgrace to
Google it's just terrible how dare this
individual human being put out this memo
now what's hilarious is Gizmodo which is
a lefty site they say is just
humiliating to Google that someone would
put out a document pointing out that
perhaps Google's pay disparity between
men and women is not due to
discrimination it's due to women working
fewer hours or taking different jobs
maybe it's due to the fact that less
women are fewer women are hired in tech
because there are fewer women at the
upper end of the of the bell curve in
terms of performance in tech which is
true you know perhaps it's because
that's the memo says and Gizmodo is very
angry to memo so when they put up the
memo they omitted all of the charts and
links that were included in the memo
which is really quite gross if you're
going to include the entire memo you
really should include the charts and
links demonstrating that it's
substantiated
it's not just some crazy person some
men's right activists radical who's
issuing all of this information I want
to go through this because it's so
moderate this particular memo and the
left is treating it as insane anyway so
this memo begins remember it's all about
Google which is the largest company in
the United States I believe it is Google
bigger than Apple and then though those
two are in a competition I'm not sure
but Google is obviously the most
powerful force on the internet anyway
and Google is very angry about this so
the guy from Google writes this he says
I value diversity and inclusion I'm not
denying that sexism exists and don't
endorse using stereotypes okay
so already we have started off with
somebody who is moderate okay this is
not somebody who's coming in
and just trying to shock okay this is
not feminism is cancer the memo okay
this is this is something different it
says when addressing the gap in
representation in the population we need
to look at population level differences
in distributions if we can't have an
honest discussion about this we can
never truly solve the problem
psychological safety is built on mutual
respect and acceptance but unfortunately
our culture of shaming and
misrepresentation is disrespectful and
unaccepting of anyone outside its echo
chamber and then he goes on to explain
why it is that men are being paid
differently than women at Google and why
the employment is different and one of
the things that he talks about is
something that Lawrence Summers the
former president of Harvard who was
ousted for mentioning this this little
fact and nobody wants to talk about is
the bell curve when it comes to
distributions regarding math and science
so when it comes to men versus women
there are brain differences on average
between men and women there are
individual women who prabhu a per for
men their individual men who outperform
women okay that but we're not talking
about individuals now we are talking
about the broad scope of humanity so we
are really talking about on average so
if you look at the bell curve of women
the bell curve for women in in the maths
and Sciences is relatively is is
relatively steep so it looks something
like this right and what that means that
there are a lot of women who are close
to the average there are a lot of women
who are just below average a lot of
women who are just above average but
when you get to the tails the tails are
very skinny because that means when you
get to the very very upper echelon of
performance and the very very lower
echelon of performance they're not a lot
of women there right most of the women
are in the middle more than with the
men's the men it's a shallow it's a
shallower bell curve so what you end up
with is something that looks a little
bit more like that so what that means is
that there are fewer men in the middle
the average score might be very close to
the same but there are fewer men that
are actually close to the middle and
there are a lot more men at the top end
so if the tail of that bell curve is
thicker for men and thinner for women
that means that if you were just to take
a cross-section of the bell curve all
the way out here at the extremes of
performance in terms of really high
performance or really low performance
you're gonna get a lot more men than you
are women for every woman there will be
several men okay so when you talk about
a top company like Google that means
that on average you'll probably get more
male applicants than female applicants
who meet your minimum standards okay
that's not a rip on women that's not
saying women are stupid that is saying
that women's brains function differently
than men's on average there are areas
where women
dramatically outperform and I believe
spatial differences is one of them there
there are other areas when it comes to
comes to anything having to do with
empathy and compassion women generally
outperform men on all of the IQ tests
but when it comes to when it comes to
maths and scientists it's I mean this is
not sexist because it's just reality
okay this is one of those facts don't
care about your feelings moments the
bell curves for men and women do not
look exactly the same okay so this guy
goes on in the memo to explain this he
says Google's political bias has equated
the Freedom From offense with
psychological safety but jamming into
silence is the antithesis of
psychological safeties now he's making
my point when I make on campus all the
time whenever you talk about
psychological safety and you suggest
that differences of opinion are unsafe
what you are really doing is shutting
down people who disagree with you if you
are going to equate words and violence
then you're going to end up in this
uncomfortable area where somebody else's
words are violence to you this author
says the silencing has created an
ideological echo chamber where some
ideas are too sacred to be honestly
discussed and then he says differences
in distributions of traits between men
and women may in part explain why we
don't have 50% representation of women
in tech and leadership discrimination to
reach equal representation is unfair
divisive and bad for business this is
the case against affirmative action and
diversity screening and then he talks
about Google's biases
he says political orientation is a
result of deep moral preference and thus
bias he's considering that the
overwhelming majority of the social
sciences media and Google lean left
we should critically examine these
prejudices and then he goes through left
biases and he actually is taking this I
believe from Jonathan heights the
righteous mind so all of this is well
substantiated okay he's not just making
things up this is not just him trying to
be mean to women or anything he talks
about left biases being compassion for
the weak saying disparities are due to
injustice --is the right is biased
toward respect for authority disparities
are natural and just and then he says
neither side is 100% correct both
viewpoints are necessary for a
functioning society or in this case
company and they says Google's left bias
has created a politically correct
monoculture that maintains its hold by
shaming dissenters in silence the
silence removes any checks against
encroaching extremist and authoritarian
power
hey this is one of the reasons a lot of
people have suspected that Google biases
and certain biases its search results
against conservative outcomes and they
might not even know they're doing it
right they may think that they are just
doing what is just and right but if
everyone there thinks the same way then
you end up biasing your search results
if
YouTube Yuna banning particular videos
or restricting particular videos that
ought not be restricted then he goes
through the facts this particular memo
author I don't know who it is it would
be very ironic if it turns out to be a
woman that'd be hilarious but what what
this guy says I assume it's a guy he
says that Google we are regularly told
that implicit unconscious and explicit
biases are holding women back in tech
and leadership so first of all implicit
bias tests do not work ok implicit bias
training does not work implicit bias is
a bunch of crap there is no actual
connection in the social science data
between implicit bias you know those
tests they give you when you're
University where you click on a black
face and a bad word or a white face in a
bad word at different rates that shows
that you're a racist those tests are
absolute garbage there's no statistical
significance to them they're non
replicable so you can take the test
twice and get it right the second time
and get it wrong the first time
that's not how any test is supposed to
work right every test that works you
have the same results if you take it
twice yeah but again the this is used by
the left as a club to beat people in it
we can't tell that you're actually
racist but we can suggest that you're
racist because of implicit bias right
you don't do anything racist but deep
down in the cockles of your shriveled
little heart we know that you're biased
and racist so the author says on average
men and women biologically differ in
many ways true sorry to break it to the
transgender and feminist advocates these
differences are not just socially
constructed they're Universal across
human cultures they often have clear
biological causes and links to prenatal
testosterone biological males that were
castrated at birth and raised as females
often still identify and act like males
the underlying traits are highly
heritable they're exactly what we would
predict from an evolutionary psychology
perspective again this is true so in
terms of so he tries to explain the
disparities between men and women at
Google in terms of some of these
biological differences he says women on
average have more openness directed
toward feelings and aesthetics rather
than ideas these two they also have
stronger interest in people rather than
things they are into empathizing versus
systematizing and then he talks about
women have a harder time negotiating
salary asking for raises speaking up and
leading this is true ok all the social
science data suggests this now women
have higher levels of anxiety and lower
stress tolerance okay again this is true
according to the social science data he
says that men have a higher drive for
status men are driven by respect of
others women are not as much driven by
all of that which is why men go into
dangerous jobs for higher pay things
like
coal mining and garbage collection and
fire fighting and suffer 93% of
work-related deaths and then he talked
about non-discriminatory ways to reduce
the gender gap he actually says okay so
here are some solutions if we want more
women then what we should do is we
should show we should make software
engineering more people oriented with
pair programming so that empathy matters
a little bit more he says that women on
average look for more work-life balance
so maybe we should start biasing toward
part-time work instead of full-time work
and he says that feminism has made great
progress in freeing women from female
gender roles but men are still tied to
the male gender role maybe if we allow
men to get out of that then that will
help a little bit but that does not mean
that we should have diversity candidates
it does not mean that we should lower
the standards for admission to Google it
does not mean that we should create
illegal discrimination at Google okay so
all of this sounds really moderate and
fine I don't see anything that's a
problem here he says we should stop
suggesting that if you're against
diversity candidacies that you are
immoral we should stop alienating
conservatives we should confront our own
biases we should have honest discussions
about costs and benefits of the
diversity program again we should stop
at the microaggressions microaggression
training incorrectly in dangerously
equates speech with violence is not
backed by evidence and reconsider making
unconscious bias training mandatory for
promo committees again all of this is
fine moderate true right all of it's
fine there's there's really not a huge
problem here everything that he's saying
is well substantiated there are links to
all of the various studies christina
hoff sommers who's a feminist scholar
and who spends all of her time studying
this stuff basically signs off on this
entire memo and I want to tell you what
Google's response to that has been
because it's really incredible but
before we get to that I first want to
say thank you to our sponsors over at
Zeile Zeile was one of my favorite
services
Zeile is massage on demand they come to
your house they come to your house with
the table with the massage oils with the
music the whole deal they turn your home
into a spa it is cheaper less expensive
than going to your local spa you don't
have to make a reservation like you do
at your local spa a week in advance you
can get it sometimes within an hour
right Xero will bring you same day
in-home massages with the best licensed
and vetted massage therapists right to
your home you know I'm big on the idea
you know you shouldn't have to spend a
lot of money to feel like a wealthy
person and this is one of those things
where you don't have to spend a lot of
money to feel
the seal makes that happen for you it's
becoming huge me I was in New York the
other day and I was seeing people a zeal
masseuse is wheeling around their
materials all around the city this is
it's a big thing I've used it for my dad
I've used it for my mom my sisters my
wife I have used seal the masseuses are
really top-notch I mean we've we've used
several of them and they are all great
and and it's it's just 9,000 licensed
massage therapists so right now they'll
get you started okay our listeners can
get $25 off their first massage by using
the promo code been at checkout and
right now if you sign up for deals
massage membership you get 20% off all
your massages plus a free massage table
and sheet set they get to keep your
house
$380 value that is yours free when you
sign up for the massage membership there
is no initiation fee to join the
membership just that great additional
savings on top of the $25 discount
you're gonna get when you use promo code
been it's spelled ze e l ze e elle.com
and I was trying to think actually of
what to get my wife for her birthday I
think I'm gonna get her a Zeile massage
she's been needing a massage and Zeile
is the best way to do it Zeile calm or
you go to their iPhone or Android app
and make sure you add promo code right
there's a little link that says the add
promo code make sure you use the check
out Ben and get $25 off your first
in-home on-demand massage and use that
Benz that they know that we sent you
again zeal calm terrific terrific
service okay so how does Google respond
to this eminently reasonable and
practical suggestion that maybe they
should examine their own biases with
regard to hiring and firing and
elevations and the good of the company
so they send out their Orwellian vice
president of diversity integrity and
governance Danielle brown to issue this
statement quote Googlers I'm Danielle
Google's brand new VP of diversity
integrity and governance big sister I
started just a couple of weeks ago and
I'd hope to take another week or so to
get the lay of the land before
introducing myself to y'all but given
the heated debate we've seen for over
the past few days I feel compelled to
say a few words
what many of you have read an internal
document shared by someone in our
engineering organization expressing
views on the natural abilities and
characteristics of different genders as
well as whether one can speak freely of
these things at Google and like many of
you I found that it advanced incorrect
assumptions about gender incorrect okay
now we disagree incorrect
again nothing in the memo ever said that
all women are incapable of science or
tech nothing in the memo said that all
women are incapable of working at Google
nothing in the memo said that all women
are incapable of advancing in tech
careers at Google the whole point of the
memo is if you're going to suggest that
systemic bias is at work inside Google
perhaps you ought to look at the average
differences between men and women and
how they act in the workplace and what
the average qualifications are that is
not an excuse to discriminate against
individuals that is an excuse not to
discriminate against individuals because
you shouldn't be discriminating against
people on the basis of Fantom social
justice warrior bullcrap okay so this
idiotic letter continues I'm not going
to link it link it here as it's not a
viewpoint that I or this company
endorses promotes or encourages so I'm
just going to send a nasty letter
without telling you what the underlying
material was diversity and inclusion are
a fundamental part of our values and the
culture we continue to cultivate oh boy
okay so diversity and inclusion except
for how you're sending a letter
specifically saying that this guy's
views are out of bounds and he must be
burned bung him well throw them in the
river and see if he floats if he floats
he's a witch if he drowns he's not
we are unequivocal in our belief that
diversity and inclusion are critical to
our success as a company and we will
continue to stand for that and be
committed to it for the long haul
as Ari belongs hadn't his internal G+
post quote building an open inclusive
environment is core to who we are and
the right thing to do nuff said Google
has taken a strong stand on this issue
by releasing its demographic data and
creating a company-wide OKR on diversity
and inclusion strong stands elicits
strong reactions changing a culture is
hard and it's often uncomfortable screw
you lady I'm really sick of it I'm so
sick of this nonsense where people say
well you know us changing your mind it
might be uncomfortable for you us you
know taking your eyes and propping them
open while we show you montages set to
Beethoven's ninth that might be
uncomfortable for you as we re-educate
you I'm sorry if it's uncomfortable when
Chairman Mao takes you out to re-educate
you in the ways of communism I'm sorry
if that's a little uncomfortable it's
only because you're so narrow-minded and
we have to broaden your mind by force
that's the only way now visit this kind
of it's really nasty
and we have to change you and it might
be uncomfortable for you well how about
you change okay maybe you're wrong is
that uncomfortable for it can we
acknowledge that it's uncomfortable for
you to acknowledge some basic truths no
it's only uncomfortable for people you
disagree with and I'm sorry if - I love
when people apologize if it's
uncomfortable for you you know like
you're torturing so I'm sorry Ramsay
Bolton it's at Theon I'm sorry if this
is uncomfortable for you you know it's
just a change that you've had to undergo
but I'm really really sorry if you find
this a little bit irritating or
uncomfortable it's harder on me than it
is on you just know that your horizons
will be broadened as we perform this
surgery upon you I firmly believe Google
is doing the right things as the VP of
diversity inclusion of BS and that's why
I took this job part of building an open
inclusive environment means fostering a
culture in which those with alternative
views including different political
views feel safe sharing their opinions
yes I'm sure Theon feels very safe under
these circumstances very very safe I'm
sorry if it's uncomfortable for you we
won't link to your paper and you might
get fired here are you ready for this
that discourse needs to work alongside
the principles of equal employment found
in our code of conduct policies and
anti-discrimination laws you understand
what that means that's an over at threat
okay that is if you say these sorts of
things you may have to fire you you may
have violated our code of conduct that
says that you must never ever ever
circumstances mention different Jews
between men and women ever
we love diversity here and if you
violate these principles you shall be
punished I've been in the industry for a
long time I can tell you I've never
worked at a company that has so many
platforms for employees to express
themselves I know conversation doesn't
end with my email today I look forward
to continuing to hear your thoughts as I
settle in and meet with Googlers across
the company thanks Danielle hey Danielle
how about this you should stop being an
ideological fascist okay if you want to
provide some alternative evidence that
rebuts the presumptions created in this
memo you can do it but you are just
making this guy's point this guy's
entire point is that you're a bunch of
fascists who can't tolerate dissent with
regard to obvious obvious sociological
and scientific facts just terrible just
terrible and then you wonder why society
at large is so screwed up this is one of
the reasons society is so screwed up
because you have the the quote unquote
science advocates bashing the
quote-unquote science deniers over
things that are actually scientific just
ridiculous I want to get to another
element of the left crackdown the sort
of fascist crackdown that's happening on
the hard left
but for that you're gonna have to go
over to Daily wire we're gonna talk
about one of our favorite people Chelsea
Handler just a delight we're gonna talk
about her in just one second you have to
go for the daily wire for that $9.99 a
month gets you a subscription to daily
wire the greatest of all podcasts and
the greatest of all websites you get rid
of all the ads on the website you get
the read this is not just an audio show
folks it's a video show you got to see
the brilliance of this show unfold in
real time maggot jerk by just going over
and subscribing for $9.99 a month and
you also get Andrew Clavin show and you
get michael Knowles's show which is
really charging up the iTunes charts as
well for some odd reason people seem to
like it so you can get that for just
$9.99 a month and for the annual
subscription you not only got all of
these magical magical things get to be
part of the mailbag on my show and nolza
show and Clavin show you also get this
the greatest of all mugs it is legendary
that's this particular tumbler leftist
tears hot or cold it is the grandest of
all tumblers in fact there are rumors
that this is what led to the war of the
five kings in Game of Thrones that they
discovered this buried in a cave and
they uncovered the leftist tears hot or
cold mug and the targaryen simply could
not allow the Baratheon's to continue to
maintain it any longer and thus they
began a war left this tears hierarchal
might get that with the annual
subscription $99 a year so a significant
discount off the $9.99 a month that you
would have to pay normally so get the
annual subscription get this tumbler and
be part of our team also right now as I
said earlier in the show we are number
two in all of to iTunes on our podcast
is number two in all of tie tunes number
one in news and politics so keep the
subscription and the reviews coming
maybe we get up to number one which
would be super cool I would then you
know have an excuse to take my wife out
to dinner which would be happy for her
and sad for me just joking I like my
wife but it would be so make sure you go
over and subscribe and also leave a
review we always appreciate it we are
the largest by far conservative podcast
in the nation
so speaking of the fascist tendencies of
the hard left Chelsea Handler who is now
she she was a second level bad comic and
now she's elevated herself to a first
level bad comic she is now up there with
Trevor Noah and Amy Schumer Lena Dunham
is sort of a comedian I guess but Trevor
Noah and Amy Schumer
the top three now are Trevor Noah Amy
Schumer and Chelsea Handler in the
pantheon of unbelievably crappy leftist
comics I would I would have put W kamau
Bell on there he's really awful but he's
not as offensively awful as these others
are so he remains a second-tier but
those are the three they are in a
running gun battle to see who is the
worst comic of all time in any case on
Sunday two Chinese tourists stood in
front of the rats dog building in
Germany and they made a Nazi salute why
because they're stupid okay so they're
promptly arrested because in Germany it
is actually illegal to do such things
you're not allowed to make the Nazi
salute in Germany which is I think is
bad law as a Jew I think that's bad law
I don't think that you should make that
illegal I think that you should use
social shaming to to you know fight back
against that sort of symbolic according
to the government a probe on suspicion
of using the symbols and the
anti-constitutional organizations was
open against the two Chinese men aged 36
and 49 obviously a couple of morons
they paid $58 fines and they were
released this however was not enough for
alleged comedian Chelsea Handler who
promptly tweeted this out quote two
Chinese guys were arrested in Berlin for
making Nazi salutes wouldn't it be nice
to have laws here for people who think
racism is funny no that would not be
nice I'd be a violation of the First
Amendment as someone who desperately
hates racism hates anti-semitism hates
sexism okay I hate all of these things I
think they're terrible I don't think it
should be illegal for people to express
these ideas because we live in a free
country and once you start policing what
people say with the government then you
are going to inevitably end up quashing
viewpoints that you find unpalatable and
those viewpoints
may end up being your own eventually one
once the gun swings back on you but
another point for Chelsea Heller who
gets to decide what's racist or not like
for example let's say there were a
comedian who joked about the race
Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt skits kids
let's say that they joked that about
them being African in origin let's say
they did that would that be racist
should we prosecute that person what if
they joked like this Angelina Jolie has
filed for divorce from Brad Pitt
he wants to China she wants packs and
Maddox hashtag sorry couldn't help
myself so first of all crappy joke but
second of all um should we jelly for
that kind of racist I mean he wants the
China but she wants apparently I guess
the Africans is that the is that what
the joke is supposed to be here because
I believe PACs and Maddox are from
Africa are they not so that is or no
what are they from we're passing Maddox
from I can't remember are they from all
right
you know now I want to look up their
ethnicities but it is an ethnic joke I'm
trying to I'm trying to remember where
they are actually from are they Chinese
where where hmm now okay we'll have to
look it up the bottom line is it is a
racist joke okay so they are they are
not from the United States and and I
let's see they pax is is is Vietnamese
is that what it is
I think pax is Vietnamese and so let's
see Vivienne sorry I don't mean take so
much time on the podcast looking stuff
up online but I want to make sure that I
get this right so so pax I believe is
Vietnamese and Maddox is um he's from
baddam bang which I'm not sure where
that is that Badham bang is in Cambodia
okay so one is Vietnamese and one is
from Cambodia okay so Pat so the Chelsea
Hellman makes a joke about Chinese and
Vietnamese people okay is that exactly
the thing is that a wonderful thing no
so apparently according to Chelsea
Handler maybe she should go through jail
also amazing the fascist instincts of
people on the Left know the there is
this instinct for people on the right as
well I think there's some all right
people who have the same instinct but it
is a bad instinct and it is something
that we should fight okay so I want to
go through all that because I think that
it's it's more important to the society
than the latest Trump news but let's get
to the latest trunk news so the latest
in Trump news is that President Trump is
on vacation for 17 days and that means
that HR McMaster and general mattis and
John Kelly are not standing next to him
taking his phone away from him and
hiding it under the seat cushions and
playing warm or cold with
with the phone so he found his iPhone he
discovered the passcode and now he's
tweeting again about the fake news and
this and that he's got his phone again
but the bigger problem for him is that
on Friday it was announced that the the
special prosecutor rod Rosenstein well
actually that masari's muller robert
muller impaneled a grand jury and that
means that they are going to be issuing
subpoenas about documents they'll be
issuing subpoenas to human beings to
testify about trump russia collusion
about financial matters and all of the
rest rot Rosenstein came out and he
obviously is trying to keep his job in
the trump administration he says that it
did what he says here is true though he
says impaneling the grand jury implies
nothing about about the indictment
itself does the fact that a prosecutor
takes a case to a grand jury what does
that say about the likelihood of
indictments Chris I I'm you're right
that I'm not going to comment on the
case I'm not going to comment about
whether director Muller has or hasn't
open a grand jury you know you read a
lot about criminal vestigation in the
media and some of those stories are
false we just don't comment on
investigations that's important for a
number of reasons first of all we don't
want to spare a anybody who may be a
subject in an investigation number two
we don't interfere with the
investigation but I'm asking you a
different question what does it say when
a prosecutor takes a case in general to
a grand jury about the likelihood of
indictments in general Chris it doesn't
say anything about the likelihood of
indictments because we conduct
investigations and we make a
determination at some point and of
course the investigation about whether
charges are appropriate okay and it's
good that he's saying it because I think
that it is important because the entire
left is jumping to conclusions about
this the right is jumping to conclusions
- and the conclusions they're jumping to
is that Muller has impaneled a grand
jury to get Trump that all he cares
about now is getting Trump Alan
Dershowitz who obviously knows a fair
bit about jury selection considering
that he was involved in the jury
selection for the OJ trial he says that
Muller looks like he's stacking the
grand jury against Trump as an ethnic
and racial composition that might be
very unfavorable to the Trump
administration so I see the significance
not so much that he in panel ear and her
napkin panels and juries get subpoena
power but where the impaneled
that's an interesting point do you
believe that it
kind of stacks the deck against the
president by doing that yes yes I do I
think it's a tactical move designed to
send a message that if the prosecutor
decides to prosecute he will have a real
advantage with the German pool where the
case will be so provided there is
jurisdiction it is Colombian and it
would be generally jurisdiction almost
anywhere okay so you know he's
suggesting that the reason they handled
a grand jury in DC as opposed to in Iowa
is because they want this grand jury to
start bringing charges as soon as
possible against Trump that's not out of
the realm of possibility and I respect
Gershowitz his take on this Maxine
Waters said he was a racist because how
dare he suggest that race on the grand
jury means something and you know again
she doesn't know what she's talking
about because the fact is that when you
are looking at juries when you're
looking at jury selection of course the
race comes into account of the people
because you make assumptions about on
average black people are going to vote
Democrat more likely than white people
are going to vote Democrat so the
chances that you're gonna get a black
juror on the grand jury who is the
anti-trump is higher just statistically
speaking you know all of this is a
danger to Trump and it's a problem for
Trump the response from the Trump
administration has been that all of this
is phony phony phony and maybe hope
fireballer which would obviously be a
crisis we may be reaching breaking point
very soon with Muller which is a serious
problem here's Kellyanne Conway on I
guess this is ABC's this week talking
about how this Russian narrative is
cheating the country and let me just say
something else about Russia the
president took on a new tack in West
Virginia speaking about this the other
night he told the people there and
around the country that those who are
pushing this phony fabricated Russian
investigation are cheating you the
voters out of what you clearly said you
want you want a new and different
direction you don't want the same
fallacies you want free markets you want
democracy you want national security
American exceptionalism prosperity at
home he's making good on those promises
look at the stock market look at the
jobs numbers look at the growth look at
the regulatory rollback on things that
were hurting taxpayers and property
owners
and job creators and and and look and
look at what he has promised those
people they voted for him and if Bob
Muller is gonna continue the
investigation will cooperate however
best we can but the president is not a
target of any investigation okay and
then she goes on to say that Trump is
not gonna commit to not firing the
special investigator if he gets too
close to something that to prosecuting
if Trump doesn't like it bottom line
Kellyanne yeah it does the president
commits to not firing Robert Muller
the president has not even discussed
that that the president is not
discussing firing Bob Miller will he
commit not to firing and cooperating
with he has not even discussed not fired
he's not discussed firing Bob Miller cob
well hold on I'm not the president's
lawyer here but I will tell you as his
counselor he is not discussing that okay
so she refuses about eight times in that
clip to say that the motor won't be
fired so what we have here is a
situation where there is obviously a
witch-hunt going on from the left with
regard to President Trump I don't know
that Muller is engaged in that
witch-hunt yet I think that it's a
little much to say that Muller is
obviously out to get the president at
this point I don't know on the basis of
the grand jury it will have to see on
base of the indictment if there's some
indictment brought we'll have to look at
the material in the indictment and
determine whether this vet within the
scope of the investigation or whether it
was actually just a reach by Muller I
can't prejudge the product that I
haven't seen based on rumors that are
coming out that are unsubstantiated on
this side but what you have on the right
is jump to Muller's bad got to be fired
if we jump on the left to Muller is
going to take out Trump and then once he
takes out Trump then we're gonna have to
take out mike pence that's what Maxine
Waters this nutjob the most corrupt
woman in Congress she says that once we
finish with Trump now we have to step up
and go after Mike Pence - we're gonna go
after everybody now remember remember
what they are hoping what the Democrats
are hoping is that they win back
Congress in 2018 and then they move to
impeach Trump and impeach pence okay
because how does the line of succession
go gang remember it goes president vice
president Speaker of the House so if
they were actually able to impeach Trump
and pence they won't be able to because
they they won't have enough votes in the
Senate but if theoretically they were
able to do so if there was some sort of
wipeout and Republicans lost the House
and Senate you could end up with
President Nancy Pelosi if that's not
incentive to go out and vote in 2018 I
don't know what is here is Maxine Waters
making the case is that a joke or D rule
it was a joke nito them a little bit did
they cancel be better than trump if you
were no and when we finished with Trump
we have to go and get Putin that's all
he's next
Putin or pence a pimp do you mean
we'll get two for one drop and then we
gotta go after okay so I do love the I
do love that this crazy old bat is is
doing the we have to go up to Putin we
have to come four pence we have to go
after Newt Gingrich Rand knows just and
everybody out there so the left is
suggesting that this is the end of the
world Trump is done the right is scared
that Trump might be done because Amol
are again not enough evidence on any of
this but it is opening up gaps inside
the Republican Party itself so you have
a report in The New York Times over the
weekend that people like Mike Pence are
now looking to step up for 2020 that Ben
Sasse is visiting Iowa that John Kasich
god help us is is visiting Iowa oh god
no please God no not John Kasich
he's coming out and campaigning against
Trump now they're a couple of splits in
the Republican Party that are worth
talking about because they continue
after the election one is this split
between the right and the so-called
moderates and the second is the split
between people who don't care about
Trump's behavior and people who do care
about Trump's behavior I think that you
can be right wing and care about Trump's
behavior that's where I am I think you
can be right wing and not care about
Trump's behavior that's where like
Dennis Prager is you can be you can be
moderate and not care about Trump's
behavior and that's where Jordan Ivanka
are presumably and then it can be
moderate and care about Trump's behavior
and that's where John Kasich is the
bottom line is that just because John
Kasich says that he wants to run against
Trump in 2020 which is what he's going
to does not mean that the right is going
to move with John Kasich or the
moderates are gonna move with John
Kasich because this is the weird thing
okay Trump actually crosses currents
Trump is both moderate on politics he's
not particularly right-wing he's much
closer to John Kasich on politics and to
Ted Cruz and he doesn't care about
behavior not like John Kasich but like a
lot of the right-wingers so he's got the
attitude of a hardcore right winger with
regard to the media for example but he's
got the policies that are much closer to
John Kasich
so when John Kasich says well you know
I'm gonna run against him like on what
basis aside from being a wadded piece of
a wadded piece of receipt in my pocket
the one through the wash three times
here is Raisin in the Sun John Kasich
John Hickenlooper and I are doing at the
present is he's going to have his staff
and my staff and we've had preliminary
conversations because John and I are
becoming friends and they're gonna sit
down and they're gonna look at the
differences and one of the problems is
that there are some in the Democratic
Party that think the whole system
needs to be changed at once and there
are some in the Republican Party that
say look let's let the market work to
drive down healthcare costs but we're
gonna have to make a commitment a
serious significant commitment to those
people who are left behind so I think
Democrats are gonna have to get to the
point where they say let's let the
market work give people more choice
bring down the cost of health insurance
and Republicans are going to have to
admit that there's going to be a group
of people out there who are going to
need help that these are some
philosophical differences between the
parties but if you have a good spirit
and you understand that that's just goli
just go away just go away okay all this
talk about primary a sitting Republican
president basically if your primary
Republican president even if you were to
win the nomination you're going to lose
the general there's never been a primary
challenger who is number one one I mean
that's that that's incredibly rare
you've had situations like 1968 where
the president drops out like LBJ dropped
out in 1968 but then his successor
Hubert Humphrey goes on to lose to
Richard Nixon if you if Trump is so bad
that he ends up being primaried and
losing the chances they become president
are virtually nil so Republicans are our
with Trump boom or bust come 2020 to the
extent that they want to win a national
election unless things become so dire
and so desperate that Trump is just an
utter disaster all the way through and
their and they have no choice
so the splits on the right are reopening
in the wake of Trump not being good at
his job what's funny about all of this
is again in the areas where Trump is not
public in the areas where Trump is not
involved his administration is going
fine okay so there is a there is a story
that just came out five minutes ago that
says that Donald Trump's administration
has now cut 11,000 federal jobs 11,000
of them in the last in the last six
months it's the first reverse in federal
employment that's happened in a long
time that's really good there's been
reverse in regulations right sixteen
regulations cut for every new one added
all of these are really good things but
that's not what people vote on they
actually don't vote on these little
things I know that people like to
flatter themselves that this is what
people vote on people don't vote on that
they vote on generalized perception of
the people who are running okay so with
all of that said the Democrats are in no
better shape right the Democrats seem to
seem to think that all of this is just
gonna fall into their lap when there's
no evidence of that whatsoever the polls
right now have Democrats in the generic
valid up to plus seven but they're it's
a rather unconvincing
+7 because again a lot of the a lot of
the districts are either solid red or
solid blue so the question is what
happens in these very few purple
districts and the left is tearing itself
apart so Howard Dean he comes out and
he's ripping the the Bernie Sanders wing
of the party at the same time they need
the Bernie Sanders bringing the party to
win there has always been a section of
the left which I Carla call as the the
the whiny party the party that doesn't
really want to win they just want to be
pure and if they go down swinging purely
then that's fine well the problem with
that is it leaves behind the people who
really need their help if we're gonna
have a single-payer medicare-for-all or
whatever we're gonna have in health care
that covers every American as every
other industrialized country have then
we all have to pull together and people
who sit out or crank on some candidate
because they did this or that it wasn't
to their purity tests are basically
turning their back on the very people
they pretend to represent you don't to
point out to dispossessed Republicans
that the same sort of splits that are
happening inside the right are happening
inside the left Jerry Brown who's the
delusional Governor of California
he thinks that they're gonna swing left
and the Democrats into a broad victory
by the way Jerry Brown still wants to
run for president he's 1,000 years old
we actually exhumed him to make him
Californian California's governor again
here's Jerry Brown talking about what he
thinks is going to happen in 2018
the historic turn when Lyndon Johnson
won overwhelmingly against Goldwater
people were writing and I read it at the
time
that the robot Republican Party was gone
and then it comes back and the
Democratic Party comes back so the
nature of our business is that swing of
the pendulum and it's definitely already
swinging back toward a non Republican
kind of future we hope a star general
trends that will win we only have an
affirmative case for why we should and
also I don't know where I am why I'm
here who you are why I'm talking or I
think I beat myself Governor Jerry Brown
thank you okay so bottom line is there
is chaos inside both parties to suggest
otherwise is to be ignorant of how the
Republican Party is working and also how
the Democratic Party is working that
means it
realignment is happening but I don't
think the realignment is inside the
Republican Party or inside the
Democratic Party I think the realignment
is largely a bunch of people who are
dispossessed with both parties and are
just looking for people who are
reasonable to follow or vote for in any
case okay time for some things I like in
some things I hate
so things I like first of all I want to
thank again Joe Rogan for having me on
last week it was a really fantastic
thing and Joe is great I thought the
conversation was really good if you
haven't you should go over and check out
the podcast that I did with Joe last
week a really good conversation like two
and a half hours two hours forty and we
went through a number of topics
everything from environmentalism to
transgenderism to free speech and I
think that when I talk about this sort
of new center that's forming I don't
think it's the center in terms of
political outcome I think it's the
center in terms of people who actually
want to hear reasoned argument and
reasoned debate as opposed to a bunch of
people who just get on your TV and talk
about Republican versus Democrat all the
time okay other things that I like so
I've decided to do expose a zuv
communism and socialism last week I
talked a lot about what's happening in
Venezuela it continues to break down in
Venezuela there was supposedly a
terrorist attack that is causing the
president's the dictator of Venezuela to
crack down on his opposition again this
looks again a lot like virtually every
dictated dictatorial crackdown it looks
like the the coup that happened in
Turkey that failed or the fake coup that
happened in Turkey still don't know what
that was that allowed Erewhon
to maximize his power here is a book
it's probably the best book ever written
on communism that no one has ever read
it's it's considered one of the top ten
novels of all time but very few people
have read at least it's very very short
it's called darkness at noon by Arthur
Kessler and it's all about a really
Trotsky figure who was part of the
Russian Revolution and now has been
imprisoned and is awaiting his and is
awaiting the carrying out of his death
sentence and sort of the thoughts that
are going through his head him becoming
disillusioned with the cause he spent
his entire life fighting for really dark
really terrific short very short read
very readable darkness at noon by Arthur
Kessler they tried to make a movie I
think at one point but it's cuz it more
of a psychological novel than anything
else so not doesn't really lend itself
to moviemaking as much as it does for
for a read but it's a great kind of
almost forgotten classic darkness at
noon okay time for a couple of things
that I hate
so a couple of things that I hate so
Kellyanne Conway was asked on one of the
sunday shows about president Trump's
transgenders in the military bands you
recall a couple of weeks ago that Donald
Trump tweeted out almost seemingly out
of nowhere that transgenders would no
longer be allowed in the military and
there are people like me who said I
generally agree with the policy but I
would like to see general mattis lay it
out I'd like to see the military I like
see what the Pentagon does I want to see
their opinion on this I want to see them
lay it out in the most free and full
fashion so we can have a good open
debate about it and see what the
rationales are and Kellyanne Conway is
asked okay so Trump tweeted this was the
military even aware that he was doing
this and here's what she had to say I
just - did the chairman of the Joint
Chiefs did this defense secretary did
the Commandant of the Coast Guard did
the other service chiefs sign off on
that policy on that tweet before the
president sent it out
I can't answer that because I wasn't in
the room when they discussed it with him
and I and I certainly are on the
National Security Council but I will
tell you having spoken with the
president directly about this and having
been involved a little bit in the
discussions that the president had
consulted for quite a while with
different stakeholders including his
generals what he says in the tweet is
absolutely true he consults with
generals and others about this issue ok
so again here is the problem then I said
this at the time how you do things is
just as important as what you do if you
do it wrong you end up actually
backfiring so what's happened now is the
Pentagon has said we have to had no
specific instruction from the White
House we are not carrying out anything
without any sort of plan or specific
instructions so Trump just tweeted
something out toxified it in the public
discourse and then threw it on his
military which promptly ignores it this
is not how policy ought to be done if
Trump wants good policy implemented he
should do the same thing he's doing with
regulations and with employment he
should just let his Chiefs take care of
it ok they know what they're doing when
it comes to the specifics of this stuff
he does not let him be the face of it
let them develop the policy and let him
pitch it but he has to understand that
he ought to be doing exactly what he did
on the apprentice ok he's the pitchman
he is not the idea creator nor is he the
implementer okay other things that I
hate so this is just a weird thing
Kaylie mcenany who's been a pro Trump
member of the Trump campaign she was on
CNN and now she's no longer on CNN and
she popped up on something they're
calling Trump TV which is from the White
House apparently and it is it is Donald
J Trump calm and it is her bringing you
real news not fake news real news hey
everybody I'm Kaylee McInerney thank you
for joining us as we provide you the
news of the week from Trump Tower here
in New York more great economic news on
Friday the July jobs report added a
better than expected 209 thousand jobs
overall since the president took office
President Trump has created more than 1
million jobs the unemployment rate is at
a 16 year low and consumer confidence is
at a 16 year high all while the Dow
Jones continues to break records
President Trump has clearly steered the
economy back in the right direction I
didn't like it
vomitted this isn't that new everybody
treating like this is new ok Obama if
you recall actually for a wild man press
photos and was only issuing White House
press photos so this is a centralization
of the communication strategy that I
just do not like from either side okay I
understand this is why you have a White
House press office this is why you have
allies in the press but this idea
they're gonna have state-sponsored TV to
back the president I didn't like it when
I was Obama I don't like it when it's
Trump I don't appreciate it and I think
that Kalyan mcenany is better than this
she's obviously smart she's obviously
talented and working for Trump TV seems
to me a misuse of those talents
especially because you're not gonna get
real news you're gonna get Trump's news
which is fine that's fine but I think
that you know having it openly sponsored
by the White House is a little bit much
okay so we'll be back here tomorrow with
all of the latest news again make sure
that you leave us and go subscribe leave
us a review and make sure also that you
give a listen to Michael Moses brand new
show you can get that into iTunes that
is also doing really well in the news
and politics section over at iTunes
that's fun to listen to also Andrew
Clavin this show is coming up next to
make sure that you go over to iTunes and
subscribe to that as well as ruse show
has been fantastic for a long time and
it is always a well-informed and funny
take if you've never listened to it go
give it an intro Clavin show a listen we
don't agree on everything Trump related
but it's it's really wildly entertaining
so go check it out Andrew Klay the show
okay we will be back here tomorrow I'm
Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
