another gangland slaying has rocked
Washington DC this time the victim was
at nice care Moochie just ten days after
being appointed the head mouthpiece for
mr. big the man they call the mooch were
Moochie Mucha Mucha Mucha Mucha Mucha
Rama or Legrand mouche vanished without
a trace leaving nothing behind but a
string of curse words and a video of
sean hannity saying how smart trump was
to hire him and a video sean hannity
saying how smart trump was to fire him
the announcement that much man was
finished was made when Fox News received
a package containing a pair of mooches
pants with a fish wrapped in them an old
Sicilian symbol that either means
scaramouche sleeps with the fishes or we
mistook scaramouche's pants for a copy
of the New York Times the mob who
favored the scaramouche 'higher
immediately ordered a revenge hit on the
mob who favored firing scare Moochie
causing sean hannity to riddle himself
with machine-gun bullets while driving
around in circles in a 1937 roadster the
rest of Washington took to the
mattresses but that was just out of
sheer exhaustion investigators say the
hit on scaramouche II was only the
latest in a string of gangland rub outs
in and around the mob hideout sometimes
known as the nation's capital only a few
days ago lines dopey face Priebus the
capo de tutti capo was eliminated by
John the Generalissimo Kelly the capo de
tutti fruiti while Jeff the ruski
sessions the capo decaf cappucino
narrowly dodged a bullet which may yet
take out Steve the slob Bannon the
concealed iary determine Udo rival gang
sought to take advantage of the DC
mayhem as Chuck the crybaby Schumer
tried to forge an alliance with John the
incredibly Hoffman McKay in the hopes of
destroying mr. BIG's agenda and bringing
the entire country to a standstill
McCain however said he was perfectly
capable of doing that on his own as he'd
been bringing the country to a
standstill since 1987 meanwhile across
town Nancy the crazy lady Pelosi
sometimes known as Big Mama or
incredibly annoying mama or I can't
remember where I put my purse but it's
around here somewhere mama made her move
to take over New Territories by
inventing new territories and then
taking them over in her
imagination and then dozing off with her
face in her Waldorf salad observers
agree that the crime spree has now
gotten so far out of hand that it would
be investigated by the federal
government if it weren't being
perpetrated by the federal government as
it is we're likely to continue for some
time to see scenes reminiscent of The
Godfather or Goodfellas or The Sopranos
with the federal government
trigger warning I'm Andrew Klavan and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
