here's a bizarre true story Berkeley
radio station KPFA has canceled an
interview with scientist Richard Dawkins
because they say Dawkins has offended
Muslims Dawkins as you know as an
evolutionary biologist who became famous
for being an atheist he claims that
evolutionary theory proves beyond a
shadow of a doubt that creation is a
random process without purpose or
meaning and that that's why he's so
depressed and nasty all the time
Dawkins has called faith quote one of
the world's great evils unquote because
it causes people to hate one another
instead of loving one another as the
Bible tells us - he says that Jesus were
alive today he would not believe in
himself but would tell everyone that he
did not exist okay I made that last part
up but it makes as much sense as the
rest of what Dawkins believes anyway and
his attacks on all religion Dawkins has
included attacks on Islam and has
criticized the Quranic verses that
command Muslims to slaughter everyone on
earth so that God can ultimately have
the planet to himself to use as a summer
vacation spot in Berkeley however this
is an atheist step too far it was okay
for Dawkins to criticize Judaism in
Christianity which are offensive faiths
because they created the values of
freedom and equality that have oppressed
minorities gays and women by not giving
them the freedom and equality created by
Judaism and Christianity but to
criticize Islam which demands the
destruction of minorities and gays and
the virtual enslavement of women is a
violation of the tolerance demanded by
Judaism and Christianity which are evil
because okay wait I've lost the train of
the slot let me try again
you see KPFA in Berkeley is tolerant a
uniquely judeo-christian value but
they're not tolerant of
judeo-christianity
because it's intolerant unlike today of
Christianity they are however tolerant
of Islam which is intolerant of those
who don't believe in Islam because what
could be more tolerant than being
tolerant of complete intolerance but
simply it is now forbidden to speak your
mind in Berkeley California if you
believe in something that offends those
who believe in something else - of
course offend you because of their
beliefs and are therefore forbidden to
speak in Berkeley California
thus KPFA invited Dawkins to speak
because he believes in nothing but then
they found out that believing in nothing
offends people who believe in something
because they believe in something and
not nothing so best to say nothing which
of course is saying something which
offends those who believe in nothing
so say nothing which offends those who
say something thus anyone who is
intolerant of anything is forbidden to
speak in Berkeley because Berkeley is
intolerant of everything and so Richard
Dawkins
had to be silenced Muslims responded to
the news by issuing a statement saying
everyone involved should be killed
trigger warning i'm andrew Clavin and
this is the andrew Clavin show
