it's summertime and you know what that
means and neither do i but this is the
season when Leptis like to go outside to
do fun summer stuff like going to the
beach and rioting but not so fast it's
dangerous out there in the real world
especially if you're a leftist and don't
know anything about the real world so
let's run through some left-wing safety
tips to keep this summer injury free
when playing outdoors in July and August
left this should avoid going out in the
Sun because of the evil oil companies
who killed all those lovely blue people
from Avatar
and thus ruined our chances to get free
energy from a magic tree the Sun has
ceased being the yellow circle with a
smiley face it used to be when you were
a child
ever since Donald Trump pulled out of
the climate the Paris climate Accord the
Sun has become a seething ball of white
hot plasma setting off something like a
gazillion hydrogen bomb level explosions
every second so you don't want to be
caught going out in that good lord you'd
be killed over and over instead this
summer left us should go out at night
when the Sun disappears for some reason
and your solar-powered houses won't be
working anyway so you won't be able to
watch all the great fantasy shows on TV
like Game of Thrones and CNN but while
you're on the beach soaking up those
healthful moon rays you want to avoid
going near anything that might look like
sand or water or the beach you see
global warming or global cooling or
climate change whatever crap you believe
it is causing the sea levels to rise at
a rate of approximately eight inches
every hundred years so if you go out to
the beach at night and fall asleep
because it's night when you're usually
asleep because your solar-powered house
isn't working there's a danger you might
not wake up before the water rises to
the place where you used to be seven
hundred years ago by the way here's a
fun tip if you do fall asleep for seven
hundred years at the beach and drown
because of rising sea levels you might
want to keep an eye out for the bodies
of your favorite left to celebrities
floating by since many of them have
houses on the shore despite their fears
about rising sea levels almost as if
their fears were just ways of pretending
to be virtuous and had no application to
the real world where left us never go
finally left us if you're planning your
usual
this summer to the South of France or
the Hamptons remember to walk since cars
pollute the environment no I'm kidding
you can't get any of your summer places
by walking so go ahead and take cars and
planes just don't use any oil or gas
because they killed the avatar people
have a great summer leftist we look
forward to seeing you again and actually
I can't think of a time when we look
forward to seeing you again
so bye trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin
and this is me Andrew Clavin show
