for centuries one of the great fears
from racists was the specter of
interracial relationships racist in the
post-civil war era worked strenuously to
enshrine anti-miscegenation laws the
1921 constitution and laws of the KKK
for example called for adherence to
quote evolve the distinction between the
races the infamously racist birth of a
nation was based on the fear of rape of
white women by black men modern era KKK
Flyers complain about the ultimate
abomination miscegenation which decrees
the death of a race race mixing is
against God's law this sort of
disgusting propaganda has thank God
fallen out of common fashion except on
the Left today over at Jezebel
thus headline actually Rams is a direct
quote quote I'm tired of watching brown
men fall in love with white women on
screen this is pretty incredible stuff
why in the world would it be so terrible
for a person with one skin color to fall
in love with a person of a different
skin color in fact the left has been
generating trumped-up headlines about
supposed conservative objections to
Cheerios commercials and old navy
commercials and State Farm commercials
involving interracial relationships the
left can't come up with any legit
sources who actually object to these
commercials so instead they find random
Twitter followers and then build a story
out of them but Jezebel is a relatively
mainstream left outlet they're a deviant
Natasha Keaney writes quote the big sick
which is a news show has been roundly
loud in the press lately including here
at Jezebel and not without good reason
it's a funny heartwarming love story
based on the true life experiences of
co-writers married couple Kumail
Nanjiani and Nanjiani and Emily Gordon
but as much as I liked it and I did I
also found myself exhausted yet again by
the on-screen depiction of a brown man
wanting to date a white woman while
brown women are portrayed alternatively
as caricatures stereotypes
inconsequential and/or the butts of a
joke so the story is actually based on a
true real-life relationship but it's
still annoying to this lady that's
because even using a white woman as a
romantic lead means quote in the complex
hierarchy of power and race in America
paying quote lip service to the one
notion that has shaped the history of
South Asian and American culture alike
whiteness as the ultimate desire the
highest goal in defining oneself as an
American so racism against white women
who have sex with brown men is fine but
racism against brown men who have sex
with white women is terrible as tini
says called representation like this
furthers white supremacy and does not
gage with critiques of white allies ship
the only disagreement between Keaney and
the KKK isn't on the appropriateness of
interracial relationships but on whether
such relationships advance or inhibit
white supremacy this seems weird but
intersectionality is basically the flip
side of white supremacy interracial sex
is a no-no because it might imply that
separateness for non-white races is
taboo
the only strange element here is that
many people on the Left fail to see
their own hypocrisy when they don't
stand up to racism emanating from their
own side of the aisle I'm Ben Shapiro
this is the venture Pierrot show alright
so Trump was in Europe Linda Sarsour
makes it an idiot of herself and says
some pretty awful things we'll get to
all of that in just a second plus I will
explain why I am learning this
magnificent hat but first I want to say
thank you to our sponsors over at Birch
gold so if you are concerned that
perhaps the stock market is inflated if
you are worried that the real estate
market might be inflated if you're
worried that the economy is overheated
or if you're just worried about the
possibility of a natural disaster
knocking the stock market office
moorings or adorn an international
incident which seems to the possibility
of what seems to be growing you need to
at least put some of your assets in gold
Birch gold helps you do that Birch gold
group so go to birchgold.com slash Bend
when you go there you can get a free
comprehensive 16 page kit showing how
gold and silver can protect your savings
and how you can legally move your IRA or
401k out of stocks and bonds and into a
precious metals IRA I own precious
metals you should own some precious
metals everybody should have a piece of
their portfolio and precious metals it
has never been worth nothing precious
metals who would always be worth
something very safe haven for assets in
volatile times economically and while
the economy seems to be doing well right
now we all know and we all remember
2007-2008 you can see how things
collapse really quickly and that's why
it's important to have at least some of
your best hedged with precious metals so
go over to Birch gold group calm se go
birchgold.com /femme that is
birchgold.com slash been make sure they
use the flash button you get that free
comprehensive kit and make sure you ask
all of your questions let them know that
we sent you with that slash Battenberg
school David a plus rating from Better
Business Bureau five-star ratings from
countless clients a really terrific
company again everybody should have a
piece in in the precious metals market
and vertical it helps that happen
birchgold.com slash Ben okay so the last
48 hours have been very very rough for
left the entire week
very Rufford west actually president
Trump was in Poland and you know I
should probably before he jump right
into the news I should explain why I'm
wearing this hat so yesterday I was in
Texas the last couple of days I was in
Texas Texas is just a wonderful state
it's a wonderful state we went to a
little town in the middle of nowhere we
were talking with some of the people
there and they were talking about how
they were basically just able to build
their houses without any state
permitting without any local permitting
they just go out and build a house like
that's America man I mean that's awesome
California you have to get a permit to
retile your bathroom I mean legitimately
yeah if they get a permit to retile your
bathroom in my house it's it is an
amazing state it's why everything looks
brand china new over in the state of
Texas and so in honor of the great state
of Texas I'm wearing this hat it does
look like we took a picture yesterday of
me standing next to a truck wearing this
hat it does look like I'm about to
release a really bad country album and I
do understand we'll talk a little bit
more about this later but I do
understand that me and a cowboy hat is a
little bit in Congress but I have a
piece of music that I hopefully that I
think will help fix all that okay so
back to the news so president Trump is
over in Poland and he gives what is a
very very good speech to speech in
Poland is I think the best speech of his
presidency I think was much better
actually than his speech in Saudi Arabia
I was not a big fan of his speech in
Saudi Arabia I thought it was weak tea I
thought it didn't really focus in on the
issues that needed to be talked about
but his speech in Poland I thought was
really quite good I thought the Trump
speech in Poland really called out the
clash of civilizations that is happening
he is not shying away from the fact that
Western civilization is in a Samuel
Huntington style battle with other
civilizations that are attempting to
rise in take its place
so Trump had this to say he said that we
are going to have to ask whether the
West has the will to survive
the defense of the West ultimately rests
not only on means but also on the will
of its people to prevail and be
successful and get what you have to have
the fundamental question of our time is
whether the West has the will to survive
do we have the confidence in our values
to defend them at any cost
do we have enough respect for our
citizens to protect our borders do we
have the desire and the courage to
preserve our civilization in the face of
those who would subvert and destroy it
we can have the largest economies and
the most lethal weapons anywhere on
earth but if we do not have strong
families and strong values then we will
be weak and we will not survive
everything when he says there is a
hundred percent true you know I think
the values that he talks about
preserving I would like to see him talk
about a little bit more explicate what
are those values that are worth
preserving and it's not just the value
of being able to do whatever you want
it's judeo-christian moral systems that
suggest not only that you have rights
but that you have responsibilities and
I'd like to hear him talk a little bit
more about what personal behavior looks
like in that context what political
behavior looks like in that context why
it is the government was instituted in
the first place like foundational
principles need to be retaught Trump
obviously can get eyeballs whenever he
wants and I think that that's a
wonderful quality and a president I
would like to see him use it for good I
think he did that in Poland and so I
thought that that was a really
first-rate speech naturally the the left
hated it Trump also went hard at Russia
in this me she actually talked about
Russia invading Ukraine he said that it
was that he opposed his Russian action
in Syria he's talked about instituting
missile defense in Poland which is
something that that Obama withdrew from
and and you know all of that the media
ignored because that cuts against their
narrative which is the trumpet in
Putin's pocket here he is speaking very
proudly to the poles about the fact that
they need missile defense about the fact
that Vladimir Putin on their borders is
not a good thing and he is anything
score eiated by the media nonetheless so
here is Trump talking about Russia a
little bit during that speech yesterday
we urge Russia to cease its
destabilizing activities in Ukraine and
elsewhere and its support for hostile
regimes including Syria and Iran and to
instead join the community of
responsible nations in our fight against
common enemies and a defense of
civilization itself okay so there is
he's trying to draw a useful line here
and I think that it is useful so it's
funny when it comes to Russia a lot of
people on the Left have a very different
story than when it comes to Saudi Arabia
for example so they'll say about Saudi
Arabia and members of these Roenick
world we need them as allies in the war
on terror so you have to make overtures
to them when it comes to Russia both say
you can never make an overture to Russia
because if you do you're just involving
them these positions are somewhat
inconsistent I think what Trump is doing
here is he's saying to Russia listen you
go any further than we're going to stop
you but why don't you join us now do I
think that's delusional too I think
is actually going to join us in our
battle on behalf of Western civilization
no unlike a lot of the people at sort of
the the all right I don't think that
Russia is part of the common cause for
Western civilization nor have they
really ever been I mean Russia has
always had its own interests at heart in
trying to convert them into modern-day
Germany and modern-day France or
modern-day Britain is just silly it's
not happening but what what Trump says
there is is just fine there's really not
a huge problem with it and it's not any
different than anything that Bush said
or anything that Obama said the media
went nuts on all of this so as always
the media decided that this was racist
and sexist and Nazi okay so Vox has a
piece today called Trump speech in
Poland sounds like an all trite
manifesto and here's what it says this
morning in Warsaw Poland president
Donald from issued a battle cry for
family for freedom for country and for
God in the speech that often resorted to
rhetorical concedes typically used by
the European and American alright wait
what
so family is something I talk about a
lot freedom is something I talk about a
lot country is something I talk about a
lot and God is something I talk about a
lot I think you all right are a bunch of
crap bags okay so I was unaware that the
language of George Washington and Thomas
Jefferson and Abraham Lincoln and and
every great American thinker of the past
two centuries all of which focused on
family and freedom and country and god
I'm not sure what is that's not blood
and soil like the alt-right focuses on
blood and soil in fact the alt-right
basically says that freedom is not even
something that is necessary that freedom
can be quashed by a powerful central
government on behalf of the quote
unquote civilization right the already
is not small government group and they
all right a large segments of the
alright are not pro god I mean they did
a lot of the alt-right thinkers actually
think that God judeo-christian values
are weakening that the sort of Nietzsche
and thinkers and in many ways so it's a
very weird critique from the left it
they're trying to fit an ideological
square peg into the round hole of the of
the alright is it drafted by Steve
Miller the architect of the travel ban
Trump speech used the type of dire last
chance warning often utilized by the far
right on both sides of the Atlantic the
fundamental question of our time is
whether the West has the will to survive
JFK said very similar type stuff in
1960s and when Trump says we have
confidence in our values to defend them
at any cost can we protect our borders
will we preserve our civilization
why is that a far right thing it's not a
far right thing okay this has been
typical American rhetoric again for two
centuries and it is the central question
for any country is whether you have
values you are willing to preserve and
will you preserve those by internal
action in order to preserve freedom or
and will you preserve those by outward
facing action but the left is so
concerned with labeling Trump Anansi
that they are willing to take language
that is eminently non Nazi and then try
and pretend that it's not the so Peter
Bernard who is just an intellectual
sinkhole Peter Beinart is a Hamas
apologist he's respected on the left
because he's anti-israel in his Jewish
he has a has a piece in the Atlantic in
which he says the racial and religious
paranoia of trumps warsaw speech he says
in his speech in Poland on Thursday
Donald Trump referred ten times to the
West and five times to our civilization
his white nationalist supporters will
understand exactly what he means well
why is that white nationalism like our
civil I'm Jewish I'm part of our
civilization the West is a
judeo-christian one a judeo-christian
one the West is not just a location as
by in our notes but it is an ideology
and it's an ideology based on
judeo-christian values that undergird a
system of constitutional freedoms that's
what the West was right and that's what
we're talking about here but by NART
redefines the West and redefines our
civilization to make them racist sexist
I mean honestly you can't use the word
our civilization the phrase our
civilization or the West then I don't
know what you're talking about like is
Aragorn a racist in Lord of the Rings
when he says men of the West when it was
was Church and when he talked about the
West the defense of the West was he was
he a racist sexist I mean what is this
nonsense
you know Bernard says the West is not a
geographic term Poland is further east
and Morocco France is further east in
Haiti well so so what it's a culture I
think everyone acknowledges that no one
says it's West on a map the West is not
an ideological or economic term either
the India is the world's largest
democracy Japan is among its most
economically advanced nations no one
considers them part of the West well
that's actually not super true actually
no I mean there's like the Japan is is
largely considered if not technically a
part of the West then then an outgrowth
of the West I mean Japan is in the Far
East but their government is much closer
to the West than it is
to what we would typically term you know
the quote unquote ease did what this is
the thing when we talk about the West
the polar opposite of the West in
geography is the East but the polar
opposite of blessing political terms is
not the West
it's Islamic civilizations Lamas
civilization right that's what we're
talking about the West is a series of
values because the West did but by nerd
says the West is a racial and religious
term to be considered Western a country
must be largely Christian preferably
Protestant or Catholic and largely white
where there's an ambiguity about a
country's western it's because there's
ambiguity about our tension between
these two characteristics
that's nonsense Israel is a Western
country Israel is pretty far east and
entirely Jewish it's all Jewish and Arab
I mean what what and what but again the
left is so extreme now they've really
boxed themselves in because they are so
extreme but they have to then they're so
interested in getting from but they
actually have to promote radical insane
rhetoric in order to in order to get
where they want to go they're defending
such an untenable position that they
feel the necessity to pretend that
mainstream rhetoric is now alright
rhetoric on the part of Trump now what's
weird about this is if there's plenty of
stuff that Trump has done that you can
label all right friendly I mean during
the primaries he's routinely retweeting
and associating with members of the all
right I mean his White House few
strategist said the Breitbart was an
outlet for the all right like you don't
have to stretch to get here but the West
is so out there so insane now they've
lost their mind so much they've lost
their mourned that any reference to the
West is considered fascist or alright
goodness gracious I mean Winston
Churchill spends his life opposing
fascism and communism and he talked
about the West End incessantly and I
guess that would make him according to
Peter Brian and Peter by an hour a
racist and a bigot the left is so far
left now that they are embracing I mean
the less was unmasked over the last 48
hours between their attacks on Trump for
using the terms the west and our
civilization and them going after Mark
Penn Martinez consultant Democratic
consultants who wrote a column saying
that the Democrats should move back to
the center if they wish to win elections
again which makes a lot of sense do you
want to win all of the states of the
Trump just took from you then you're
going to have to abandon the
intersectionality garbage that you've
been pushing for the last several years
mark Penn is getting just excoriated by
the entire Democratic Party here's mark
Penn on Fox News getting destroyed by
another member of the left
look at what happened in the last two
years of the Obama administration and
what happened in in that primary I think
the the Sanders campaign and it strength
also I think pushed Hillary Clinton to
the left the the Democratic Party got
fundamentally repositioned much farther
to the left and out of touch with
working-class voters working-class
voters really want to see the values of
hard work family religion as a strong
part of a party that they could support
for economic progress and I and I think
they got left behind in the shift that
occurred at that time well you know I
have breaking news from markets not the
1990s you know the administration that
he served in locked up more black
african-american men's and those
enslaved in 1850 so everyone doesn't
have fond memories of the fall out of
the 90s administration right now it's
not about the Democrats losing their
identity the party it's about the
identity of the messenger not the
message I'm not talking about going back
to the past I'm really saying it's time
for us to to look at new issues hey
let's look at the concentration of
wealth and power in the tech industry is
that working out for working people
let's looking at gig economy jobs do
they have the kind of the kind of agency
saying reasonable things about the Bill
Clinton era the Bill Clinton era was the
most successful era for Democrats in the
last 20 years more successful than Obama
Obama's out a lot of things done in his
first two years and then he destroyed
the entire Democratic Party wholesale
across the country Bill Clinton actually
got a bunch of things done that ended up
paving the way for a more successful
country because he was willing to move
to the center I mean for all of Bill
Clinton's myriad flaws as a human being
and as a and as a political thinker he
was at least willing to move to the
middle in order to in order to get some
good stuff done like welfare reform I
mean he actually after after his massive
tax increases to actually lowered the
capital gains tax but the Democrats are
so crazy they're so far to the left
there so ensconced with
intersectionality and Bernie Sanders
socialism that they are destroying their
own party and I'm going to get to Linda
Sarsour in just a second because when
it's our sewer speech that came out
yesterday is perfect proof of this but
before I do that I first want to say
thank you to our sponsors over at the
u.s. CCA so you're at home you got you
sitting around and you hear the front
door being pushed open you run to your
safe you grab your
and the intruder comes in and you shoot
him what happens next well you usually
think number one in order to get to that
point you have to have good gun training
you have to know how to use your gun you
have to know when to use your gun you
SCCA the US concealed-carry Association
helps you learn all of that but after
you pull the trigger you're going to
spend years in the court system it
doesn't matter if you hit the guy if you
miss the guy you're going to spend years
in the court system because the court
system is not built for self defense the
u.s. EC and makes sure that you are
covered for all of that they educate you
they train you they make sure that you
are legally and financially protected
for after you pull the trigger and also
they want to make sure that you get more
guns into the hands of responsible
American so even though it is after July
4th I think this is this deal is going
to last a little while longer
in honor of 4th of July they are doing
the great American giveaway they want my
listeners to be able to have five
chances to win 1776 dollars to the guns
and ammo of their choice so that deal is
still on go over to Great American
giveaway rights defend my family now.com
defend my family now calm for your free
shot at 1776 dollars worth of guns and
ammo defend my family now time again you
can register with them in any case even
if you don't win the money for the guns
in the ammo you should be able to know
them if they've classes and how to and
how to carry they have classes in how to
in they give you all sorts of education
materials and then they also cover you
for in god forbid the situation you
actually have to defend yourself with a
gun they cover you for after that that's
what you FTCA is for every gun owner
should be a member if you are a donor
you should be a member I am a member of
USC CA you should go over and you should
check it out go over to USC CA defend my
family now.com defend my family now comm
check it out and I believe that you can
still register to win that 1776 dollars
for the guns and ammo of your choice to
defend my family now.com okay so the
greatest proof that the left has
completely lost its moorings and is just
pandering to the most radical
constituency on every side came out
yesterday so yesterday Linda Sarsour
who is just in egregiously awful
conveying Linda Sarsour is the women's
market organizer and the left loves her
Bernie Sanders tweeted out that he loved
her and he wanted her support President
Obama gave her an agents of change award
at the White House so um give me a
little bit of background about Linda
Sarsour before we play the clip that's
got everybody buzzing right so she
actually said on Sunday she called for a
jihad against Trump right
you use that word and we'll talk about
whether she meant that peacefully or non
peacefully but first I think we need to
set the stage for who in this our store
is because the web keeps saying well
don't take that quote out of context
okay well I don't want to take the quote
out of context I'll play it in context
and explain it but I also don't want to
take Linda Sarsour out of context okay
she's not just some Rando who used the
word jihad to mean a moderate Muslim
struggle within themselves for greater
spirituality okay she's not she's not
doctor doctor doctor Judy Jasser I mean
she she's not she's not any of these
people she is a very very extreme person
for example here's what she tweeted
about ayaan Hirsi Ali ayaan Hirsi Ali is
a victim of female genital mutilation at
the hand of Muslims
she is now an atheist and she speaks out
against radical Islamism and Linda
Sarsour tweeted out about her and
Brigitte Gabriel another another ex
Muslim Brigitte Gabriel equals ayaan
Hirsi Ali she's asking for an ass
whippin I wish I could take their
vaginas away they don't deserve to be
women this is Linda Sarsour the leader
of the women's March right so she is
she's a feminist icon okay this is what
she tweeted about the honors hirings
which was a which was a movie about
honor killings and how they are now
endemic in parts of the Muslim world she
didn't like that so she tweeted honor
Diaries is hashtag dishonor Diaries
because it's disingenuous when it's
funded by representatives and
organizations labeled hate groups so she
can't argue with any of the content
she's just going to label anybody who
funds a movie about honor killings a
hate group okay here is a tweet about
Sharia law Linda Sarsour is a big fan of
Sharia law here's what she had to say
about Sharia law and I'm not talking
about Sharia law like the internal
governance of the Muslim community when
you have a financial dispute and you and
your fellow Muslims go to like in Islam
at court we have that in Judaism - it's
called Beit din it's not that big a deal
or it's an ecclesiastical court but
that's not what she's talking about
she's talking about the governance of a
country by Islamic law including areas
including criminal law she says you'll
know when you're living under Sharia law
it's suddenly all your loans and credit
cards become interest-free sounds nice
doesn't it well I mean number one it
doesn't sound very nice because you
can't buy anything in countries that
have only interest-free loans and credit
cards because who in the right mind
would provide such things right interest
actually happens to be I'm running
something about this now biblical takes
on interest the interest happens to be a
rather crucial part of the financial
market but she's treated worse things
about Sharia law she's tweeted
with regard to women's driving in Saudi
Arabia for example she was asked about
well if Sharia law is so great why can't
women drive in Saudi Arabia and here's
what she tweeted and she tweeted she
tweeted 10 weeks of paid maternity leave
in Saudi Arabia yes paid and you're
worrying about women driving puts us to
shame I mean just ridiculous just
ridiculous right mean she's defending
the Saudi Arabians they've paid
maternity leave well maybe that's
because women in town Arabia aren't
working very often ok and not allowing
them to drive is still a rather large
problem
ok the Saudi Arabia is not famous for
its women's rights she also happens to
be a close associate of many groups that
are associated with terrorism the speech
the chance she gave which she of the
Islamic Society of North America which
has been linked to terror finding groups
for years and years and years and years
and when it comes to terror incidents
she has a long and unpleasant history of
saying ridiculous things about terror
incident so for example here's what she
said about the underwear bomber you
remember the the guy who tried to put a
bomb in his underwear and then bomb a
plane coming into Detroit on Christmas
Day during the Bush administration she
said underwear bomber was CIA all along
why did I already know that shame on us
scaring the American people ok the
underwear bomber was not CIA gang he was
a radical Muslim who's attempting to
bomb an American plant so this is who
Linda Sarsour is she's also posed next
to people who are convicted of crimes in
association with hamas and photographs
she has bragged about having relatives
in jail and Israel she has tweeted out
I believe photos of people getting ready
to stone Israeli soldiers she's a really
egregious figure and the left has
embraced her now what they embrace now
what they've done now is they've
actually embraced her talking about
jihad against the Trump administration's
we're going to talk about that I'm going
to put into its complete context but for
that you're going to have to go over to
Daily wire comment subscribe $8 a month
get to subscription to daily wire comm
dad deal by the way expires July 10 so
you have like 3 days left to get in
under the wire there it's hard to July
7th July 10th the rates go up so if you
want $8 a month you get that
subscription you can be part of the
mailbag to the rest of the show live we
are doing live mailbag a little bit
later in the show so we'll be doing that
we do that every Friday
now you also get clave in the show live
and it just become an annual subscriber
and you get a free signed copy of the
book I wrote
my dad say it's all about baseball and
parents and fathers and sons a really
fun interesting lovely read I'm it was
really fun to write I think you'll enjoy
it as well and I'll sign it for you when
you get in the annual subscription you
also get the entire daily wire website
ad free which is super cool but you have
to go over to daily wire and subscribe
if you want to listen later just go over
to iTunes or SoundCloud hit subscribe
leave us a review whatever numbers of
stars you're going to give us just add
five and that's your actual proper
rating and leave that overnight oons we
always appreciate it we are the largest
conservative podcast in the nation
