for years the left has engaged in
nonsensical and idiotic hate speech
against the right it's time the right
struck back with some nonsensical idiocy
of our own cock you know some wee
clean-cut Servat of cowards want to hold
to our ideals so we don't end up
shrieking platitudes in swaggering macho
voices filled with violent metaphors
that make us sound a lot tougher than we
actually are but where's the fun in that
I say if your mother expresses some idea
sympathetic to the left and you don't
punch the old bags lights out you're
just not doing it right
after all what did your mother ever do
for you okay maybe that's not such a
good argument but do you think the left
cares about your mother of course not so
if you fall for some cock kolinsky it--
sniveling notion that now we have to be
nice to our mothers lock commies run
roughshod over them eventually our
country is doomed
to be taken over by illegal immigrant
black jews singing their hateful rap
songs and Ebru while smuggling heroin
under their sombreros also in hebrew it
can't go on after decades of the left
dominating our media our entertainment
industry and our universities we can't
just sit back and watch these industries
crater into irrelevance and failure
while the democrats lose every election
everywhere in the country we must begin
to imitate their hateful and ridiculous
behavior lest we start to win back the
country and have to do something with it
cotton rose what no I say our anger is
righteous anger and if our anger is
righteous and we're righteous because we
are our anger and our anger is us and
our righteousnesses our anger and
therefore and I'm not sure where I was
going with this but I know it ends with
me smashing some jackass lefty in the
mouth or at least pretending I would on
Twitter which doesn't hurt my knuckles
as much the thing is you can't stand on
principles when you're in a war in a war
you have to slaughter the people on the
other side until they surrender and
that's just like this except instead of
slaughtering people we're trying to
convince them to vote for us so okay
that's a little different from a war but
it's like a war because we shake our
fists and yell a lot so that part's the
same otherwise okay slaughtering people
is probably not the best way to convince
them
so forget I said the whole war thing and
let's move on my point is simply this we
can't play all nice EYC when the left is
being vicious wishes if they shout down
our speakers we have to shout down their
speakers if they attack our peaceful
gatherings then we have to attack their
peaceful gatherings if they're fighting
for an oppressive socialist state then
we have to fight for an oppressive
socialist state and anyone who says
different is just afraid of winning and
oppressive socialist state so I say
let's dial up the rage and incivility
until we're all blithering idiots
remember if we stand for freedom and
decency the left wins somehow trigger
warning I'm added from Clavin and this
is the Andrew Clavin show
