okay let's begin with the basics one
woman is an awesome film I saw it on an
opening night with my wife as a DC
Comics fan Wonder Woman has become one
of their three most iconic characters
along with Batman and Superman
she's a driving force in their universes
she should be film does an excellent job
of laying out her origin story and a
beautifully balances the feminist
underpinnings out of her character she
comes from a society in which men are
disdained and is eminently more powerful
than any man she comes across in the non
the mascara world with obvious
femininity she's a true heroine in the
film she fights for the innocent she's
willing to kill in order to do so she is
far harder core than Batman for example
she's a feminist for certain she scoffs
at the notion of a secretary as a sort
of modern form slavery at the same time
she goes out of her way to COO at babies
yes feminists women like babies and she
falls head-over-heels for a heroic man
despite her own statements about men
being unnecessary for pleasure early in
the film she touched the notion of
marriage as does he by the end of the
film they're both on board plus she's
played by the wonderful gal gadot a
two-time mother who's pregnant during
filming and just happens to be Israeli
she also served in the Israeli Defense
Force for two years all of this makes
her character unpalatable to hardcore
feminists who based feminism not on
equality of rights but on abortion and
man-hating and forceful opposition's
Western standards of beauty here's
Christina Cowdery she at Slate quote to
me whatever chance Wonder Woman had of
being some kind of feminist antidote to
the overabundance of superhero movies
made by and for Bros was blown by the
veiling occupation with a titular
heroines sex appeal counter ichi even
implies that Kris pines character a
quasi rapes Diana because quote her
capacity for consent is somewhat blurry
her never having met a man and on hears
dude feminist Steven Rose at the
Guardian quote the film feels obligated
to give Prime his own equally heroic
story our men might be unnecessary for
pleasure but they're still essential for
big-budget action movie is it seems Plus
Wonder Woman fights against the Germans
in World War 1 this makes her an
emissary of American militarism on
Tuesday Josefina Livingstone wrote at
the New Republic what Wonder Woman has
no use for global history except this
course for American exceptionalism
oh no we mustn't teach the only ones
about the fact that the United States
saved Europe from fascism twice that
would be terrible
most feminists seem pretty enthused
about the movie overall it should be
said but the fact that many are not
should show how out of touch the radical
feminist movement has become
when the film is great for teenage girls
and while it's clearly a fantasy nobody
man or woman could rush through bullets
of World War one in the way Wonder Woman
does but it's men who typically do the
fighting in war and for rational reasons
it does demonstrate that strong women
need not be anti baby or anti male one
of the reasons the movie went over so
big is that its brand of feminism is
taken for granted in the West sexism is
no longer a major issue in American
society it's hard to imagine anyone
seriously objecting to a fantasy female
character fighting baddies while kissing
babies and falling in love with a strong
male character in traditional fashion
that's what feminism should be but not
according to the more militant feminists
which is why they're so mad for no
reason at all i'm ben shapiro this is
the ben shapiro show okay so lots to get
to today we're gonna get to everything
call me related in just a second but
first i want to say thank you to our
friends over at lyft so it's not just
for people who are looking for a ride
anymore now that are looking for drivers
because so many people are riding lyft
that they actually have a shortage of
people who can drive in so they're
asking you to join the ride-sharing
company that believes in treating its
people better when you drive for the
right ride sharing app every trip feels
great
and with lyft you can pick your own
hours you can work when you want there's
tipping in the app so you get paid
better when you drive for lyft you keep
100% of the tipped drivers having paid
over a hundred and fifty million dollars
in tips since this feature was it
introduced Express pay means the drivers
get paid almost instantly instead of
waiting for weeks for a check to come in
the mail and right now they've even
taken the guesswork out of pickups they
have an EMP device that uses color
coding to help passengers find their
drivers you can own hundreds of million
and hundreds of dollars a week plus tips
if you want to make more money drive
more it's never been easier to give
yourself a race so go use lifts my wife
uses left I use left that's the only
ride-sharing app that we use and I know
the drivers seem happier the drivers are
always very friendly they're always
really good and you can be one of those
drivers are earning really good money if
you go to lift calm slash capiro today
and right now if you do that if you go
to lift calm slash chip hero today you
can get a $500 new driver bonus right
off the bat that's lift calm slash up
hero lift calm slash 0ly ft.com
slash Shapiro it's a limited time only
terms apply again use Shapiro so that
you know that we sent you and also
because that means you'll get that five
hundred dollar new driver bonus ok tons
to
today with regard to the comit√© hearing
so I will get to what exactly Comey said
in the hearing that it's relevant and
interesting but first I want to go
through the part that actually is the
most important and that is the 7 page
piece of testimony that he released
yesterday so yesterday he releases text
of testimony that he wanted admitted
into the Congressional Record what he
says happened between him and President
Trump now in order to understand this
what you have to understand first and
foremost is that the Democratic
narrative going into this entire Comey
hearing is that President Trump colluded
with Russia during the 2016 election in
order to swing the election to himself
and then he fired Comey in an attempt to
cut it off in order to cover it up that
was the entire narrative the narrative
was that okay it wasn't just Trump acted
badly it wasn't just Trump obstructed
justice about unrelated matters it was
that Trump was in bed with the Russians
and then in order to cover it up he
fired James Comey in order to obstruct
the investigation that was the case
Democrats were making and the reason
they were making this case is because
they didn't want it to seem like Hillary
Clinton legitimately lost the election
they wanted it to seem like Hillary
actually won the election if not for
Trump moving with Putin in concert and
therefore he had to move with Putin in
concert they they were colluding
together the election was rigged
and then Trump fired calling me to
prevent all of that from coming out that
was their narrative so yesterday James
Comey releases the 7 page document and
it totally destroys that narrative it
totally destroys that narrative so the
right is pointing out that a totally
destroyed that narrative on the other
hand it also points out that President
Trump is wildly in over his head when it
comes to dealing with his own people
that he acted really badly with regard
to James Comey the FBI director on a
variety of matters in ways that would
take us off if we were on the left it
would take us off and I'll explain how
we know that in just a second but first
I think it's important to go through the
actual documents we're now gonna go
through the text of the opening
statement that Comey gave on Thursday
okay so today he was supposed to give it
to you naturally read it into the record
he didn't have to had already been read
by everybody in America so he started in
this document by describing his first
meeting with then president-elect Trump
on January 6th at Trump Tower and which
he personally briefed Trump about an
intelligence community assessment
concerning Russian interference in the
2016 election this is this famed
BuzzFeed dossier
that was supposed to have the P tapes in
it and all of this so Comey comes to the
White House or rather to Trump Tower and
he tells Trump about this dossier he
says he breathed Trump on the details
himself alone out of respect for Trump's
privacy Comey explained he was worried
that the brief who might believe might
beat Trump to believe that the FBI was
investigating him so he wanted to assure
Trump that Trump was not being
personally investigated now as you
recall when Trump fired call me he had
in his letter that Comey had said he was
not being personally investigated three
times that was true Comey says that in
this document Comey told Trump over and
over and over again he was not being
personally investigated so that part is
actually true in what Trump had to say
okay so this confirms Trump's account
then according to Comey he spoke with
Trump one-on-one nine separate times in
four months three in persons six on the
phone the next meeting that Comey
discusses in detail is that January 27th
dinner you remember Trump went on
national TV he said that Comey basically
came in and begged for his job and then
there were reports that Trump had asked
Comey for a loyalty oath he wanted Trump
he Trump wanted Comey to pledge his
loyalty to Trump here is commis account
quote it turned out to be just the two
of us seated at a small oval table in
the center of the green room two Navy
stewards waited on us only entering the
room to serve food and drinks the
president began by asking me whether I
wanted to stay on as FBI director which
I found strange because he had already
told me twice in earlier conversations
that he hoped I would stay and I had
assured him that I intended to
he said that lots of people wanted my
job and given the abuse I had taken
during the previous year you would
understand if I wanted to walk away my
instincts told me that the one-on-one
setting and the pretense that this was
artists first discussion about my
position meant the dinner was at least
in part an effort to have me ask for my
job and create some sort of patronage
relationship this concerned me greatly
given the FBI's traditionally
independent status in the executive
branch okay so this is the part where
Trump gets into dicey territory so on
January 27th who meets with Comey and he
says to him you really love your job
don't you it would be a pity if that job
went away wouldn't it and Comey took
that as you're basically asking me to do
something for you the president said
quote I need loyalty I expect loyalty I
didn't move speak or change my facial
expression in any way during the awkward
silence that followed we simply looked
at each other in silence the
conversation then moved on
return to the subject near the end of
our dinner at one point I explained why
it was so important that the FBI and the
Department of Justice be independent of
the White House I said it was in paradox
throughout history some presidents have
decided that because problems come from
justice they should try to hold the
department close but blurring those
boundaries ultimately makes the problem
worse near the end of our dinner the
president returned to the subject of my
job he then said I need loyalty I
replied will always get honesty from me
he paused him and said that's what I
want honest loyal T I pause and then
said you will get that from me as I
wrote in the memo I created immediately
after the dinner it is possible we
understood the phrase honest loyalty
differently but I decided it wouldn't be
productive that to push it further so
this is obviously not good for Trump
right it looks like there's some sort of
quid pro quo here he wants commis
loyalty in exchange for Comey staying on
the job okay
next meeting Comey discusses and we're
just gonna go through commis testimony
and then we're gonna talk about what it
means Comey moves on to his February
14th counterterrorism briefing with
Trump this is the one where Trump
apparently shoes everybody out of the
room he shoes Attorney General Sessions
out of the room he shoes rod Rosenstein
out of the room he shoes out the NSA
Rogers he shoes doubt the DNI he shoes
out everybody and then he talks to Flynn
he talks to Comey one-on-one and here is
commis document he says Trump repeated
that Flynn hadn't done anything wrong on
his calls with the Russians but he had
misled the vice president he then said I
hope you can see your way clear to
letting this go to let him clean go he
is a good guy I hope you can let this go
I replied only that he is a good guy he
said I did not say I would let this go
the president returned briefly to the
problem of leaks goes on then he says I
immediately prepared an unclassified
memo of the conversation about Flynn and
discussed the matter with FBI senior
leadership I had understood the
president to be requesting that we drop
any investigation of Flynn in connection
with false statements about his
conversations with the Russian
ambassador in December I did not
understand the president to be talking
about the broader investigation into
Russia or possible linked to his
campaign in other words the Democratic
narrative that Trump was trying to fire
Comey or pressure Comey to stop the
Russian investigation altogether just
not true even according to Comey that's
commis testimony so Comey says he wanted
him to stop talking about Clinton
generally he wanted him to stop
investigating Flynn over his Russian
phone calls in December but nothing to
do
with the campaign so the press is trying
to say that again this is a cover-up
it's obstruction of justice but the
question is what exactly is being
obstructed so if you want to say that
there is some sort of pressure going on
with regard to Flynn and the December
phone calls which again there's no
underlying evidence that anything wrong
happened in those phone calls but if you
want to say that Trump was upset with
those in the investigation those phone
calls News pressuring Comey
that seems fair but the media were not
making that case the media were making
me far different and more and more
brutal case basically that President
Trump was trying to shut down the
entirety of the Trump Russia
investigation by pressuring combing this
means there is still no evidence that
Trump cares about quashing and
investigation into campaign collusion
according to Comey the conversation was
not reported to attorney general Jeff
Sessions Comey says because sessions is
about to recuse himself and then he says
quote the investigation moved ahead at
full speed so again Trump may have
pressured Comey but Co me obviously
didn't take it sitting down and didn't
just stop investigating shortly
thereafter according to Comey
he has sessions to provide a barrier
between Comey and Trunks and I told the
AG than what had happened him being
asked to leave while the FBI director
who reports to the AG remained behind
was inappropriate and she never happened
he did not reply and then he said I did
not talk about the general Flynn stuff
okay next Comey talks about a March 30th
phone call here is this description
quote on the morning of March 30th the
president called me at the FBI he
described the Russian investigation as a
quote cloud that was impairing his
ability to act on behalf of the country
he said he had nothing to do with Russia
had not been involved with hookers in
Russia and had always assumed he was
being recorded when in Russia he asked
what we could do to lift the cloud I
responded we were investigating the
matter as quickly as we could and that
there would be great benefit if we
didn't find anything to our having done
the work well he agreed but then re
emphasize the problems that this was
called that this was causing him now
here is the key so that in and of itself
sounds damning right it sounds like
Trump wants Comey to lift the cloud by
killing the Russia investigation but
that's not what poem he goes on to say
what Comey goes on to say is quote the
president went on to say that if there
were some satellite Associates of his
who did something wrong it would be good
to find that out but that he hadn't done
anything wrong and hoped I would find a
way to get it out that we will not
investigating him he finished by
stressing the cloud that was interfering
with his ability to make deals for the
country so this has been my theory since
May and I was right all along
my theory since Comey was fired was very
very simple President Trump wanted call
me to come out and publicly say that
President Trump himself was not guilty
of anything
or a under investigation Comey wouldn't
do it the reason that Comey said he
wouldn't do it is he was afraid that in
the course of the bigger investigation
Trump's name would come out and then he
would have to correct himself the same
way he did with Hillary Clinton back in
2016 so better to say nothing right now
than to come out and say Trump's not
under investigation then come out later
and say Trump is under investigation
okay that being the case that means that
Trump was not firing Comey because he
wanted Comey to stop the investigation
into Trump he was firing Comey because
he was just mad that Comey wouldn't come
out and say publicly what Comey had
already told him privately which is that
Trump was not personally under
investigation
either I 'zed that all the way back on
May 10th that is exactly correct that is
exactly correct
okay so again is this Trump behaving
well no it's not Trump behaving well
okay and but is it also it does a jibe
with the left's narrative that Trump was
colluding with Russia and then fired and
call me to cover it up no that does not
drive in any way there's no evidence of
collusion that entire narrative is
destroyed by James Comey okay finally
Comey turns to a phone call that took
place on April 11th here is what he says
quote Trump replied that the cloud was
getting in the way in the way of his
ability to do his job he said perhaps he
would have his people reach out to the
Acting Deputy Attorney General I said
that was the way his request should be
handled I said the White House should
contact the leadership of the DOJ he
said he would do that and added because
I have been very loyal to you very loyal
we had that thing you know I did not ask
him or reply what he meant by that thing
I said only that the way to handle it
was to have the White House Counsel
called the Acting Deputy Attorney
General okay again the conversation
about that thing sounds dirty it sounds
like Trump is trying to get something
out of Comey in exchange for something
else right that is the thing they have
okay and one of the speculations is that
Trump had mentioned deputy FBI director
Andrew McCabe and Trump pertaining him
even though McCabe it has lynched two
Democrats as sort of a favor to Comey
and then call me treating him nice
because he was nice to call me by keep
it allowing him to keep his job and
keeping McCabe in his job but again
there is no actual evidence of collusion
between Trump in Russia
once again there is no evidence that
Trump was trying to quash the
investigation into Trump what Trump
wanted out of this whole thing was
something very simple he wanted Comey to
come out publicly and say what he had
said privately which is that Trump was
not personally under investigation that
is the entirety of this whole thing
Trump fired him because he wouldn't do
it he fired him because he wouldn't do
it now that is the issue with regard to
Trump Russia and that's why the right
today is chortling and they're saying
okay you guys have making the case for
half a year now about the Trump Russian
collusion and you were saying that Trump
is at fault for trying to fire a commie
as it's some sort of giant cover-up or
something okay you say all of that but
then there's no actual evidence of any
of that so Comey just destroyed you now
here is what the left is saying what the
left is saying is we know that Trump
basically quasi offered call me a quid
pro quo we put pressure on him he he
mentioned his job he was putting
pressure on him to to leave the Flynn
investigation alone he was doing all of
these things and if Obama had done all
this you would be really really ticked
off they are not wrong about this okay
if Obama had done this we would be
really ticked off how do I know because
today Comey and his actual testimony
said that Loretta Lynch told James Comey
that she didn't want the Hillary
investigation referred to as an
investigation she wanted it referred to
as a matter and Comey said that created
the appearance of impropriety between
Loretta Lynch and Hillary Clinton's
campaign it certainly did right all of
us on the right were livid about the
fact that Loretta Lynch met with Bill
Clinton on the tarmac and they talked
about the Hillary investigation we're
all livid we said this creates
impropriety it does create a map riot II
just like it creates impropriety for
President Trump to meet with the acting
FBI director James Comey and tell him he
wants a flynn investigation proper I
hope the Flint investigation will be
dropped now is that obstruction of
justice no it's not technically
obstruction of justice because again
there was no actual threat to Comey that
if you don't drop this I'm gonna do X
and it was not an actual you know real
attempt to get Flynn to get Comey to
stop investigating Flynn it was more
like I hope you stop that so there are
two ways to read that right one is I
really hope he's to have that would be a
terrible thing if something bad were to
happen to your children and the other
way to read that is I hope you can stop
this because it's really you know a pain
in the butt for me and for Flint two
ways to read that you know again it is
not impossible to read it in the most
innocuous way but it is a little
bit straight if you're a Democrat you're
watching this you're saying okay Donald
Trump is obviously doing dirty things if
you are a Republican watching this
you're saying it's not so obvious the
Trump is doing terrible obstruction of
justice things but he's acting
inappropriately for presidents of the
United States I want to talk about what
actually got said during the hearing and
how the media is gonna shift the
narrative from its original narrative in
just a second but first I want to say
thank you to our advertisers over at
Mack Walden so Mack Weldon is better
than whatever you are wearing right now
Mack Weldon makes underwear they make
shirts that are naturally antimicrobial
which eliminate odor they make socks and
hoodies and sweatpants it is the most
comfortable stuff you are ever going to
wear
I believe in smart design premium
fabrics simple shopping you go to Mac
Weldon you check out their gear very
easy to shop they're very simple to shop
there in I can tell you now I wear their
underwear and the underwear really hold
up I mean you watch other brands of
underwear 10 times already falling apart
I've worn my Mac Weldon underwear just a
thousand times at this point and they
are pretty much exactly the same as when
I bought them SuperDuper comfortable all
of their gear looks fantastic you can
wear out you can wear in it performs
well it's great for working out it's
great for going out go to Mac Weldon
calm and get 20% off when you use the
promo code Shapiro sha Piro that's
Shapiro sha Piro
go to Mac Weldon comm ma CK wel do and
comm get 20% off using that promo code
Shapiro and no and let them know that
you use the promo code Shapiro obviously
says they know that we sent you and also
so that you can get that 20% off best
underwear in the world I mean really it
doesn't get better than Mac Weldon stuff
ok so here is how the so that that is
what Comey released in his 7 pages of
testimony it explodes the Democrat
narratives that Trump was pressuring
Comey to drop the Trump Russia
investigation and it explodes the
Democrat narrative that there was
something deeply nefarious going on with
regard to with regard to Trump being
under personal investigation Trump is
not under personal investigation Comey
came out he said when he left today he
said Pomi was not under that that Trump
was not under personal investigation now
all of that said here is some of what
Comey had to say today so Comey came out
and he didn't read the 7 page statement
that had already been entered into into
testimony so instead he came out with
this very short statement where he
ripped Trump
basically for firing him and here's what
he had to say his clique 13
the administration then chose to defame
me and more importantly the FBI by
saying that the organization was in
disarray that it was poorly led that the
workforce had lost confidence in its
leader those were lies plain and simple
okay so yeah there he is saying that
basically Trump is a liar and he lies
about things all the time he's a big big
big fat liar okay so I think objectively
speaking Trump fibs a lot but this is
really more about commis ego right so
this is him saying well he was mean to
me he was mean to the FBI who says the
FBI is in disarray and that's really
terrible it's a lie about me I do my job
the FBI does its job and that's really
terrible this is gonna be the headline
the media gloms onto as the Trump is a
liar and Comey reiterates the Trump is a
liar
in clip 14 again this is all opinion
type stuff but the media which is now
trying to build Comey up as some sort of
great truth teller again they're going
to leap on this to say the Trump is just
a liar in total this is clip 14 I want
to go through a number of the meetings
that you references in your testimony
and let's start with the January sixth
meeting in Trump Tower where you went up
with a series of officials to brief the
president-elect on the Russia
investigation my understanding is you
remained afterwards to brief him on
again quote some personally sensitive
aspects of the information you were laid
now you said after that briefing you
felt compelled to document that
conversation that you actually started
documenting as soon as you got into the
car now you've had extensive experience
at the Department of Justice and if the
FBI he worked on the presidents of both
parties what was it about that meeting
that led you to determine that you
needed to start putting down a written
record a combination of things I think
the circumstances the subject matter and
the person I was interacting with
circumstances first I was alone with the
President of the United States or the
president-elect soon to be President the
subject matter I was talking about
matters that touch on the FBI's core
responsibilities and that relate to the
press
and President Elect personally and then
the nature of the person I was honestly
concerned that he might lie about the
nature of our meeting and so I thought
it really important to document that
combination of things I'd never
experienced before but it led me to
believe I got to write it down and it
got to write it down in a very detailed
way okay so there is James Comey
explaining that he thought that Trump is
a big liar so we have to keep all of the
that we have to keep all of these notes
and that's his explanation so the media
is jumping on the idea that Comey
thought Trump was a liar who cares
whether Comey thought Trump was a liar
like he kept these notes and then Trump
either wieder he didn't so the media is
jumping on conclusions without looking
at the underlying evidence as usual I
thought Marco Rubio actually asked one
of the better questions of the hearing
thus far he said it's kind of amazing
that all of this material has leaked
about Trump from the intelligence
community from the Senate committee but
there's one piece of information that
never leaked about Trump and that is
Trump was not under personal
investigation just as Trump said that he
wasn't here is Marco Rubio making that
point we've learned more from the
newspapers sometimes than we do from our
open hearings for sure never wonder why
of all the things in this investigation
the only thing that's never been leaked
is the fact that the president was not
personally under investigation despite
the fact that both Democrats and
Republicans and the leadership of
Congress knew that and have known that
for weeks
I don't know I find matters that are
brief to the gang of eight are pretty
tightly held in my experience
okay so again I think that Rubio making
this point is the right one it just
demonstrates that when it comes to these
leaks and it comes to the media this is
a motivated attempt to destroy President
Trump okay I want to talk about how the
left is going to pivot off of their
original narrative in just a second
right their original narrative again was
that it was Trump Russia collusion they
did all of this to save Hillary of
course then it was Trump Russia
collusion and that's why Hillary lost
the election and that's why Trump
attempted to fire James Comey was all as
a cover-up Comey totally destroys that
entire narrative he explodes the entire
narrative but he comes out and he says
he thinks Trump is a liar and a bad guy
okay whatever but we'll talk about how
the left is gonna pivot to their new
line of accusations which is a very
different line of accusations than the
ones that they've already made but for
that I'm gonna have to go over to Daily
wire.com
and sign up $8 a month gets you a
subscription to daily wire.com
that means that you get the rest of this
show live it means they can be part of
the mailbag which we'll be doing it
tomorrow oh we are now five days a week
this show yeah a also means to get
Clavin show live you get to be part of
Cleveland's mailbag plus it means that
we've got all sorts of great benefits
that are coming for members that are
gonna be rolled out in the next couple
of months and stick around for that if
you're an annual subscriber you get a
signed copy of this very book say it's
oh it's a book about baseball and me and
my dad there it is there's my pops and
there's me and you can get a free signed
copy I've say it so right now it's
available at Amazon for sale but can get
a free and signed right now you've
become an annual subscriber so go over
to Daley wire comm and sign up it's an
annual subscriber or if you just want to
listen to the show later we'll go over
to iTunes and become a subscriber over
there and make sure you leave a review
we always appreciate it we are the
largest conservative podcast in the
nation
you
