President Trump has pulled out of the
Paris climate Accord the president
explained that the agreement was both
economically destructive to the United
States and virtually useless in
preventing change to the climate Al Gore
countered those arguments by explaining
quote this is the apocalypse and
everyone will die as sure as my name is
Napoleon Bonaparte as long as we have
the Paris climate Accord everything was
great but now that our wonderful Accord
is gone the earth is suddenly so hot I'm
burning up right now and can hardly
breathe and all the water in my swimming
pools has evaporated and people are
devouring polar bears in the streets we
have to start a revolution right away
although I still have two more episodes
of house of cards to watch but right
after that we'll go on a big March to
protest the fact that Donald Trump has
single-handedly killed everybody
booga-booga unquote epa head scott
pruett further defended america is
leaving the accord by pointing out that
the Accord penalized the US which has
been leading the world in reducing
carbon emissions while requiring
virtually nothing of India and China who
are among the worst polluters arguing
against this former president O'Hara
O'Meara o'rama
it's hard to remember his name now that
his legacy is just a handful of dust
that drifted through the air for a brief
moment of time and then wafted to earth
to mingle with the other dust making it
essentially just a big pile of dust
but anyway President Oak Rama made a
statement saying quote the nation's that
remain in the Paris agreement will be
the nations that reap the benefits and
jobs and industries created like the job
of flying around the world and a private
jet complaining about pollution and the
industry of selling people's solar
panels for their houses and then coming
back the next day to sell them candles
so they'll be able to read at night
unquote president Pajama went on to say
quote in withdrawing from the Paris
Accord America has rejected the future
because if there's one thing I know it's
what's going to happen in the future
just like climate scientists know the
future because that's what scientists do
they know the future or maybe that's
what wizards do I always get those two
confused which one wears the conical hat
with the stars on it
unquote after making his statement
President Bahama left the podium and
broke his nose by walking face-first
into a marble column which had
apparently been placed there by someone
who didn't realize that the future
didn't have a marble column in it on the
spot where Obama was going to be walking
in the future so it was a whole
future screw up we'll try not to let
that happen in the future
in any case it's easy to understand why
Obama loved the Paris Accord it was
exactly like the Obama administration
hysterically loved by the left while
hurting America and accomplishing
nothing of importance
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show we
noticing something awful is if anything
it's a wonderful array the Clavin was
weekend is over and best-selling
cultural correspondent Michael Knowles
is with us today to talk about his Yale
reunion and political violence in
America possibly at the same time yeah
exactly maybe they're having in the same
way you can't see this but our entire
office is in disarray I mean everything
has been empty at removing offices
everything has been emptied out there
are people like scrambling for food who
have been hungry all weekend as bad
people zombies wandering the halls and
that's because we didn't go to zip
recruit or comms instead of hiring
zombies you can go to zip recruiter comm
and you can post your job to a hundred
plus jobs eggs with just one click and
you can cut the zombies out you know
just say no zombies then they're with
their powerful technology efficiently
matches the right people to your job
better than anyone else that's why zip
recruiter is different unlike other job
sites zip recruiter doesn't depend on
candidates finding you it finds them it
just reaches out says you're a candidate
we want you at the Daily wire you are
ripped out of your home and sent right
here and then you go right to work it
finds in fact over 80 percent of jobs
posted on zip recruit or get a qualified
candidate in just 24 hours
80% in just 24 hours no juggling emails
or calls to your office simply scream
rate and manage candidates all in one
place with zip recruiters easy-to-use
dashboard find out today why zip
recruiter has been used by businesses of
all sizes to find the most qualified job
candidates with immediate results and
right now my listeners can post jobs on
zip recruiter
for free that's right it's free just go
to zip recruiter comm slash Delhi wire
zip recruiter comm slash daily wire one
more time try it for free zip recruiter
comm slash daily wire it's got to be
better than what is happening here and
obviously alright I thought and now
maybe I'm alone in this but I thought it
was a great Clavin las' weekend for
Donald Trump I know the terrible things
happened in London I don't want to get I
don't want to get overly triumphant
normally normally after Trump it out a
weekend like this I would play the Trump
happiness montage but in respect to the
tragic things that happen in London
we'll just play a brief 'kathy v
describes negative press it's a little
more solemn a little more respectful
here's here's what I thought was great
about here's the thing about Donald Ron
I'm putting together the Paris pulling
out a pair of the Paris Accord which was
a useless nothing let me know the whole
yeah I love the arguments for staying in
the Paris record it doesn't require you
to do anything well then what difference
does it make I'm so it so he pulled out
of it but it was in fact it was the way
it was written was written like a treaty
it had words like shall you shall do
this and we must do this and all this
stuff and I would have just given the
left carte blanche to sue every time
somebody did something like repeal some
stupid regulation that was hampering
businesses and hampering jobs so it was
a good thing to pull out it wasn't going
to help we've been innovating innovation
and capitalism have been really helping
us cut back on carbon emissions which is
fine but it was it was pulling out of
the Paris word and his tweet storm after
the horror in London which people are
picking him on him about and everybody's
yelling on it at him about you know he
tweeted immediately after London he
picked on the Mayor of London who was a
and a P sir
he's an appeaser and they're like Trump
went after him he said we got to bring
back the travel ban and all this stuff
and everybody saying oh he's cold he's
mean he's brutal he's bullying here's
the thing a lot of times in life your
strengths and your weaknesses are the
same you know I work very hard that's
one of my strengths but I also can be a
workaholic that's one of my weaknesses I
think is true virtually everybody you
know you might be relaxed and it might
lead you to be lazy it might
jovial might make you sometimes uncaring
all these things all your strengths are
also weaknesses there is something
uncouth and raw about Donald Trump it
goes right up my spine as a goof not raw
person I mean as a civilized human being
there's something about him that goes
right up my spine but but we have been
living in a PC china shop for way way
too long and he is breaking the China in
that shop and that is one of his
strengths I mean when you pull out of a
Paris Accord and you get the kind of
insane reactions the end of the world
it's all over you know it's a terrible
terrible thing I mean he pulls out first
of all his speech was completely
rational completely fact-based very calm
you know very easygoing
in a you know saying this is why I'm
doing it well play will play one cut
from the Trump speech plan so we're
getting out but we will start to
negotiate and we will see if we can make
a deal that's fair and if we can that's
great and if we can't that's fine as
president I can put no other
consideration before the well-being of
American citizens the Paris climate
Accord is simply the latest example of
Washington entering into an agreement
that disadvantages the United States to
the exclusive benefit of other countries
leaving American workers who I love and
taxpayers to absorb the cost in terms of
lost jobs lower wages shuttered
factories and vastly diminished economic
production thus as of today the United
States will cease all implementation of
the non-binding Paris Accord and the
draconian financial and economic burdens
the agreement imposes on our country so
now you have like Tom Steyer who is this
democrat billionaire who will probably
wants to run for president he says this
is a
traitorous act of war against the
American people so that's a reserved
you know wise judgment and here let's
just listen listen to Al Gore for a
minute I mean this is this is the
response this is the opposition one guy
Donald Trump he's supposed to be a wild
man he's supposed to be a crazy man he
says look this isn't good economically
it won't have a big effect
environmentally we can do good things
without it I have to take care of the
American people now George
Stephanopoulos is talking to Al Gore
listen to this so does it really make
all that much difference then for the
United States pulls out of the Paris
climate Accord remember back you know
the united states under george w bush
pulled out of kyoto yet the innovation
continued after that well we lost a lot
of time when said did not join the rest
of the world community then and while it
is true that we have the sustainability
revolution underway and it's very
exciting it has the magnitude of the
industrial revolution but the speed of
the digital revolution but we're still
not changing fast enough because the
it's not just the scientific community
warning us now it's mother nature every
night on the TV news is like a nature
hike through the book of revelation
seventy percent of florida is in drought
right now missouri just declared an
emergency with another one of these
historic climate related downpours we've
had eleven once in a thousand year
downpours in less than ten years in the
united states so we have to move faster
it's good news that the rest of the
world is it's good news that states and
cities and businesses are but we need
presidential leadership we're going to
since he's not going to lead the
american people are stepping up yeah so
it's the book of revelations that's calm
you know and all of his factor on true i
mean they're been far worse droughts the
Dust Bowl was a worse drought I mean the
Dust Bowl was in the 30s was insane it
turns you know a huge swath of America
into the Sahara that's when all you had
the Okies and all that stuff moving to
California to get away from you know
it's like it's ridiculous the storms we
don't have that kind of the kind of
records where you can compare storms but
you know hurricane they kept saying
tornadoes we're going to get worse
hurricanes we're going to get worse that
hasn't happened tornadoes is a little
different because there's a lot of more
people around a lot better ways of
communicating tornadoes so we see more
tornadoes but there's no real evidence
that we're having more tornado it's just
all knots and so on one hand I mean this
is the thing that Trump in his
willingness to take this hit and his
willingness to have the press come out
and say these things about him because
of course as you know on the mainstream
media one after another oh what a mess
the world isn't a mess this is oh this
is so terrible one after another after
another because he is doesn't care that
much and he is willing to like walk into
that china shop and break these things
these guys are exposed for what they are
one guy is arguing this is bad
economically and not that usefully
useful environmentally and the other
side is saying oh it's the Book of
Revelations you know who are people
going to believe ultimately and one of
the things that the polls show you know
the polls show that a lot of people like
maybe third of the people think this is
a serious issue
but about two to four percent think it
is a primary issue so if you really
believed if you really believed this was
the end of the world it would be a lot
more than two to four percent and here
is the other side of this is this world
our relationships with the world he's
getting in the way you know when Barack
Obama talks about people rejecting the
future I just love that this idea they
know what the future is the future is
what is in their head and if you don't
like that or you disagree with it or you
think the future should go elsewhere
you're not just against them you don't
have a different opinion you are
rejecting the future itself so here's
Fareed Zakaria explaining that what what
Donald Trump how Donald Trump is
essentially sold America down the river
this will be the day that the United
States resigned as the leader of the
free world it's it's nothing short of
that the the it was the irresponsibility
of this act is breathtaking because the
Paris climate records are actually
extraordinarily flexible they do not
dilute American sovereignty they allow
every country to make its own plans
that's why countries that have jealously
guarded their sovereignty like China
like India like Russia have all signed
on there are a hundred and ninety-four
other countries that have signed on to
this including the countries that Dharam
keeps saying always beat us in these
musicals let me roll in there all
in all the countries in the world are in
except by there's two a think that
didn't sign why do you think that is
it's because it doesn't mean anything
it's because only the top guy us is
going to get hurt you know wouldn't you
sign on to a deal where the top guy said
oh I'm not going to compete as hard
because we're so far ahead of you we're
going to be nice I mean it's it's like
you know it's like some some triple-a
team signing onto an agreement that the
Yankees are not going to bring up their
cleanup hitter you know it's like it's
like of course they're all signed on and
we and we have absconded from our
leadership of the free world by not
obeying the free world by not following
the free world Miz was Obama's
leadership from behind that you're
always following so what I'm saying is
the important thing that the treaty
itself was just going to be an annoyance
it was just going to be in the noise and
by the way by the way since it was in
fact the language was in fact the
language of a treaty and all the other
countries ratified it the way treaties
are ratified in their countries why
didn't we send it to the Senate which is
what you have to do to a treaty here why
does it just have Obama's signature on
it as if it were an executive order and
the reason is the reason is the
Democrats weren't going to vote for it
the Republicans weren't going to vote
for it and the Democrats weren't going
to vote for it because it killed jobs
and they didn't want to go back to their
districts and their states and say oh
yeah I killed jobs but I saved the world
from the sunshine okay so this is so
this is the thing this we have been
wrapped into this fantasy world of
climate catastrophe and Trump because
he's a bull in a china shop broke
through it I'm going to pause you know
we're gonna have Michael Knowles come on
which we always enjoy I don't know why
why we enjoy having anti-seize a decent
yogi sort of um but what kind of Knowles
come on but you cannot see it if you're
just on Facebook or YouTube you'll have
to come over to the Daily wire comm
sorry again now you'll have to come on
to the Daily wire comm and while you are
on The Daily wire calm you will have to
subscribe because we say so you must
subscribe it's only a lousy eight bucks
a month and if you subscribe for the
year you can get Ben Shapiro's new books
say it's so Papa Dada me in the 2005
White Sox champions championship season
follows that amazing season when the
White Sox somehow I think it was the
last time it had won the World Series
was I think 16
and then they came back in 2005 and the
Shapiro's are big fans and they followed
every game you can get that and you can
be in the mailbag which is Wednesday you
can ask questions in the mailbag so it's
well worth it before we cut you off we
do want to tell you about Skillshare and
this is here's one of the funny things I
only wanted to do one thing in my entire
life all I ever wanted to do was write
novels never wanted to write movies but
I've written movies never wanted to do
anything else when I look at my resume
today and I still write novels it's
still kind of the main thing I do when I
look at my resume today just a lot of
the stuff that I put on my resume the
words the very words didn't exist or
words like podcast words like the blog
when I was starting now and I had
ambitions I said this is what I'm going
to do in life
the things many of the things that I'm
doing didn't exist I helped invent an
app that was a movie app it delivered a
movie into your ipad called haunting
Melissa apps didn't exist when I started
out so I would say so things that I put
on my CV that are my credits you know
that I'm proud of just didn't exist and
that is why things like Skillshare are
so important to Skillshare is a website
you go on and it just has experts in
their fields giving you little classes
little video classes about different
things it can be it can be stuff that
will help you get a leg up at work or
something that'll just be some new hobby
that you want to take up you can make
yourself better at your job I've been
looking at some of their marketing
things some of their writing things that
are really interesting some of the
writing things I mean look at this point
I'm kind of a expert at what I do but I
can look at them and just say do these
things work or these things that I have
found to be true and yes they are and
it's it's basically this online learning
community with over 15,000 classes in
design and business you can learn
anything from logo design to social
media marketing to street photography
unlimited access to all of this for a
low monthly price so you don't go on and
start to get like five classes in and
think yeah this is really good and they
say oh yeah but now you got to pay for
the other five classes you have one
monthly price and you can go on all of
them and there's stuff and design like
Adobe Illustrator logo design typography
animation photography marketing
entrepreneurship and all these other
things like just you know watercolors
stuff that you might want to take up for
fun for this
Skillshare is giving my listeners a
month of unlimited access you can just
try it out which is worthwhile it's
absolutely free go to WWC I'll share
calm Andrew and you get a free month
WW Skillshare calm slash Andrew for a
free month we're going to talk a little
bit more about the Trumpster and then go
on to talk to knowles but you got to
come over to the daily wire.com because
we're saying goodbye to facebook and
youtube
