hello poletik on how are you feeling
today alright so this is the perfect
venue to have a panel discussion on how
the eff are we going to get along in
this country and starting here at
politican so we've got a great roster of
panelists today I want you to give a big
political and welcome to all of our
panels to spring them out stop it you're
gonna make me blush come on yeah are you
doing thanks for having me thanks buddy
oh I didn't need to yell back all right
so some quick introductions here first
of all to my far right we have Kyle
kolinsky he is the co-founder
we brought a few friends Kyle's the
co-founder of Justice Democrats and host
of secular talk on The Young Turks
Network to his the Left we have Bakari
sellers who is a former state
representative in South Carolina now a
CNN contributor to his left we have the
roaming millennial aka Lauren Chen and
she is the host of roaming millennial
uncensored on YouTube and then to my
left we have Michael Noel's host hosts
of the Michael metals show on The Daily
wire and to his left we have charlie
kirk founder of turning point USA so
just to frame this discussion for a
second year we obviously live in very
polarized times today our political
rhetoric is as divisive as it's been
probably in our lifetimes and just to
put a finer point on the level
polarization today studies have shown
that the levels of partisanship partisan
polarization in Congress are at the
widest they've been since the end of
Reconstruction and you only have to look
to the headlines in this country to see
just how divided this country is and I
think in my view that partisanship has
really metastasized into tribalism today
so I hope with the panel we can talk
about you know how we do bridge the
political divide in a media environment
where it's very difficult to do it and I
think all of our panelists here are on
the cutting edge of new media and so
it's really going to be on the folks
here to figure out how we can create a
more constructive political dialogue and
so I actually want to start with Bakari
because you have transitioned from a
governance role having served in the
state legislature of South Carolina
you're the nominee for lieutenant
governor in was a 2014 2014 and so you
are in the business of trying to form
legislation and work with both Democrats
and Republicans in the legislature and
then you transition to a commentating
role
at CNN and a number of other platforms
so tell us more about that transition
that process and the change in
incentives that you found in terms of
the type of political dialogue that
would get attention and that would work
well first thank you for the question
thank you all for being here I was very
young when I ran for office and so I
know we have some people in here on the
left and the far left I know we have
some people in here on the right and the
far right but I firmly believe that
we're not the generation of tomorrow
with a generation of now and so I
encourage everyone here when I was 21
years old I announced my race for office
I ran against somebody who was 82 years
old and had been in office for 26 years
and on June 13 2006 I became the
youngest black elected official in the
United States and the youngest state
legislator but the reason the reason
that I was able to do that is because
regardless of how someone looked
regardless of where someone came from
whether their zip code I always gave
people the benefit of their humanity and
I think if we start there if we meet
people where they are
then we can find initiatives that all of
us can agree on to have Charlie to my
left and to have my good friend from The
Young Turks to the to my right I can
honestly say that if we were to put
forth an idea like making sure that we
take redistricting which is the reason
that we're so polarized today out of the
hands of elected officials and made them
independent independent commissions
statewide then I can actually get these
two to agree on that and push it in
state legislatures around the country so
but but it takes those type of bold
steps it takes people not getting caught
up in petty differences and it also
takes people understanding the practical
reality of where we are in this country
I tell people we've made a lot of
progress but we still have yet a ways to
go yeah well just to pick up on that
issue of gerrymandering and the
importance of our generation a lot of
people don't realize this but in the
state of Ohio this year
I run a non partisan organization called
the Millennial Action project we work
with young elected officials across the
aisle and it was the young lawmakers in
Ohio who pushed a bipartisan plan to put
in place redistricting reform in Ohio to
get rid of partisan gerrymandering and
it passed with wide bipartisan support
the voters approved it would
seventy-five percent of the vote and I
think that just underscores the
opportunity our generation has to
transcend some of the old divides that
have been holding our country back and
since you called out Charlie on a move
over to Charlie here you've been working
on college campuses across the country
what's the sense that you're picking up
from college students today in terms of
the type of rhetoric that they're
looking for when I go to college
campuses for example I hear so many
young people who say I'm so tired of the
partisanship I'm so tired of all the
gridlock and I'm curious of you hear a
similar thing and how folks and turning
points are responding yeah III agree at
that I think the good news politically
about our generation is I think we agree
generally on the problems we have a lot
of different perspectives on how we
would go about solving them the
broad-based consensus amongst college
students and Millennials is that we have
a government that does not represent our
generation that is run by trial lawyers
lobbyists well-connected people around a
90-mile proximity of Washington DC our
argument as conservative libertarians is
well if that government has been bought
and is corrupt why on earth would you
want to make that government bigger
stronger and send more your money for
that very same government and that's
obviously where my progressive friends
would disagree so the the broad-based
question here over the last 30 or 40
years is why has the wealth power money
and influence concentrated around our
nation's capital what do they create
well they create nothing they create
access to power I mean the wealthiest
counties in America used to be around
Detroit Michigan and Chicago Illinois
and Philadelphia Pennsylvania now 8 out
of the 10 wealthiest counties in America
around Washington DC where you're
literally rewarded or how close you are
to the power center and for us to get
away from that I think there's there are
some solutions that I would actually
tend to agree with whether it be fair
and fair map so on and so forth but I
think our generation is looking for a
series of policies and ideas that will I
think address in a not necessarily I
hate that term bipartisan because it
almost lends itself to that both
Republicans and Democrats are the answer
I would say pote in some way it's bigger
than partisan issues in some ways and I
look if you follow my what I
closely I think that until the
Republican Party's honest with ourselves
with the failures of our own party over
the last 3040 years such as George W
Bush was a big spending liberal that
betrayed all of our principles time and
time again we're not going to be able to
actually appropriate you know solutions
that will increase freedom and shrink
government and put the same government
that's bought by these corrupt lobbyists
and insiders back to the people yeah
that's a great point and Charlie on it
now go over to Kyle here because you
made the point about this widening gap
between you know Washington DC and the
rest of the country not only in terms of
power but also in terms of now income
and I've heard this divide in America
reframed particularly after the 2016
election it's not so much between left
versus right it's really kind of the
haves and the have-nots I know this is
an issue that you know you've talked
about what can we do to bridge that sort
of divide well I want to just take a
step back real quick and say I actually
surprisingly agree with a lot of what
Charlie Kirk said and he made a point to
bring up you know the size of government
and how perhaps we have some large
disagreements on that well I actually
want to reach out and say maybe there
are many areas where we totally agree on
the size of government so when it comes
to for example you know warrantless NSA
spying if you tell me hey man listen I
hate big government I don't want it
intervening my in my life in that realm
well I say you're goddamn right and
let's work together to try to get rid of
warrantless NSA spy by the courts I
agree with you good so I'm happy to hear
that and there's other areas too like
you know the drug war for example that's
giant government and it ruins people's
lives when they throw them in prison for
smoking weed or something like that and
even I would even go as far as to say
like there's a lot of agreement between
what I would call the populace left and
the libertarian right so Rand Paul for
example he's relatively consistent in an
anti-war stance and of course if you're
pro war you are pro big government by
definition because right so if you're
anti-war I'm anti-war too and we can
agree on that it'd be wonderful or the
horrible thing yes okay so now we just
both ruined our
because we agreed on something Wow we
bought that principle so that's that man
the only point where I disagree is I
don't think George W Bush was a liberal
I think he was a war monger and a
neoconservative and one of the worst
presidents well country's ever seen ok
but let me add context to it Medicare
Part D borrowing nature that was dollar
that was private no child left behind we
were having this wonderful kumbaya
moment so I hate to ruin it but he did
he did grow the size of government
tremendously he created a new government
agency Department Homeland Security of
which you'd put more under a traditional
left-wing you know Woody's it's what
were the priorities when he grew
government and when you spend seven
trillion dollars on the war in Iraq
that's what is projected to be by 2050
three that's not a left-wing priority it
was the left to his day it was Bernie
Sanders who voted against all right I'm
gonna bring in Loren here so we were
talking before this panel about the
incentives involved in having an online
TV show and I personally struggle with
the incentives on social media generally
including YouTube because the most
inflammatory rhetoric gets the most
views the most retweets you know the
most you know followers and so I'm
curious from your perspective having you
know run a very successful online show
how do you have a constructive
conversation when the incentives seem to
be pushing you in the opposite direction
well that is something that I'm always
struggling with and it actually came up
about in our fake news panel yesterday
you know someone asked one of the
journals that was there why aren't we
talking more about the big issues here
places where there's genocide the
starvation why are these fake news
headlines getting so much attention and
she gave the very frank answer it's
that's what people are attracted to and
it doesn't matter whether we publish the
other stories or not it's not what's
getting shared and as an independent
creator you're you're very aware of that
fact you know we can spend weeks
researching a video about something like
political philosophy or the public
school system
and it'll get a fraction of the views
that some you know rect feminists ownage
video okay and it's kind of frustrating
but at the same time I'm trying to look
at it in the way that at least people
are getting involved in these issues and
you know my hope is if they see it's
something that's maybe a little bit
sensationalized and radicalized not that
I agree with doing anything purposely
provocative just to upset people but you
know maybe then they'll stick around for
a little bit of the deeper conversation
maybe then they'll start to realize all
right well why is that happening and
hopefully at the very least it can lead
to a deeper conversation it's not gonna
be everybody some some people just like
the I gets the outrage machine but there
are a lot of people who are gonna stick
around maybe for the deeper conversation
right and Michael you have an online
show as well to say more about the
incentives that you've seen from your
experience well what I find is that
people reward authenticity audiences
reward authenticity you cannot pretend
to be something you're not
audiences are not going to turn up and
that's why I hate to break up our
kumbaya feelings here
I love the polarization I love it I love
the partisanship I spent a long time
researching a book that I wrote called
reasons to vote for Democrats quite
thorough by the way or a thorough book I
loved it I want a choice not an echo
I don't want mealy-mouthed kumbaya I
don't want any event I want to know when
I'm voting who I'm voting for
in the 1930s and 40s one of the major
complaints of political scientists was
that the parties were indistinguishable
yuud's you have on issues anything
ranging from life to taxes to death
whatever people of having unclear points
of view now I know on all of those
issues on the size of government on the
role of government on socialism on life
on marriage on death on everything I
know where the parties stand I that
that's the country that I want to live
in it gives me a choice not an echo the
conservative movement was founded in
this how do we get along I have a simple
answer we win and you lose and that
might seem a little harsh that might
seem a little harsh but there is no to
quote Ronald Reagan's st. Gipper there
is no choice between freedom and slavery
these are not morally
when when one party has elected leaders
saying that we should go to Republicans
homes where their children's sleep we
should physically mob around them though
there is not a moral equivalence to some
harsh rhetoric from little old me on my
internet show those are not the same
thing I'm glad that there is a
difference now and that's that is my
maybe that'll be the sequel to my to my
bestseller all of the reasons to all of
the reasons to vote for Democrats part
two we win you lose so I want to just
pick up on that real fast no okay so it
was just one second so hold you I think
it's in a democracy we need choices yes
that's right and Roe choice you might
say well said but I think the issue that
we're trying to pick up on here is not
that having diverse views is bad but a
zero-sum politics in which one side wins
at the expense of the other side and
that's the only way that we framed
issues how that has a constructive
effect how could one side win and not at
the expense of the other side on the
question of life we've been talking
about Roe vs. Wade a lot because of the
nomination of Brett Kavanaugh on the
question of life how does one side win
without the other side lose you're
talking about protecting the life of an
unborn baby or snuffing out the life of
an unborn baby I don't see a compromise
there I don't see a conciliation on that
issue I agree that the question of life
is probably though you specifically
chose what I mean that's a great no it's
a talking point because of the
fact that what we're doing is we are
what we're doing is we're finding these
hyper sensationalized metrics by which
to measure how we vote for people but
what we're talking about is how do we
improve individuals lives and yes you're
gonna have individuals like like Tim
Kaine for example who abides by his
belief who is very very much pro-life
who is a Democrat but he votes in a
manner that's reflective of agenda Tim
Kaine is pro-life Tim Kaine is pro-life
no Tim I'll supports legal aboard I just
what first of all that's what I did
literally money from that's literally
what I just said I say but he votes his
constituency in Virginia but what I'm
trying to do is move the conversation
beyond this conversation of life because
that's where we get bogged down that's
actually let's actually but let's
actually not only point to you is that
listen we can talk about if we want to
just sit here and we want to have a
discussion that goes nowhere we can talk
about what we can talk about issues of
life where we probably will disagree we
can talk about issues of race where we
probably will disagree but let's
actually talk about something
substantive that we can probably find
common ground on like how do we make
sure that people have health care in
this country how do we make sure the
kids get properly educated in this
country because what I will not do is
waste time on discussions that people
just perfect we continue to have these
same discussions and sensationalizes so
people get clicks this is not a quick
that's right it's the death penalty I
just want to say that I'm there so
pro-life
I love the no you're not pro-life no I'm
pro-life I'm pro-life and I'm also
produce
which unfortunately one contango party
in this country so as a bandage let's
just cut through talking points because
like yeah process you're against Gitmo
guys guys if you're for due process
you're against Guantanamo Bay I'm for
due process for American citizens I'm
not a good process for for terrorists
all right guys I'm gonna step in here
mine I'm gonna Geneva Convention
protections themselves I'm gonna step in
here this is gonna be easy if he keeps
walking right into the trap like that so
Charlie I didn't want did you were you
gonna say no I'm enjoying being the calm
one on this okay
this is a major change Charlie Arbor you
know how cory booker had a Spartacus
moment I'm having my charlie Kirk mom oh
okay so honest I wanna go back to that
conciliation I'm gonna go back to the
khari here because I think I thought you
wouldn't know if you want to jump in I
mean we didn't want to mansplain
everything to you but I just
even with the issue of abortion I think
and this applies to most issues it is
very easy to see it as black and white
but even that whole dichotomy we have a
pro-life versus approach voice that
doesn't even fully encapsulate the range
of political views that people write and
there are soldiers
when it comes to specifically abortion
that we can talk about we can talk about
how do we make sure that if people want
have a adoption that that is easy and
available for them how do we make sure
that people are aware of different
contraceptive methods so we don't have
the unplanned pregnancies in the first
place thank you yeah like we either kill
all the babies like that's just I don't
think that's a very constructive way to
look at the situation and I mean
abortion if there ever is one people
would think it's black and white but
it's really not yeah okay can I get
ahead so so Bakari I'm gonna do this as
respectfully as possible because if I'd
if I didn't do this I would regret it
barring for this moment go let's go can
you tell by the shoes I don't even know
what those are those are excuse me guys
no naku I have an interest on cable news
you said when Kanye West entered the
Oval Office is what happened on it black
people don't read do you read that's not
what I said what did you say well let's
actually if we want to go back and I
mean the tape said this is what happens
when black people don't that's not what
I said what did you say I actually said
that this is a discussion in my major
issue with Kanye West is that he would
seems to make anti intellectualism cool
and what I said is that we had this is
what happens when black that's not what
I said that's what the transcript
actually I said Charlie do you want you
asked me a question so I watch as you
regret oh no I don't regret anything
charlie so this is the point so I said
that's not what I said if you want to
know what I said I'm attempting to tell
you I said that I have a problem with
Kanye West because he attempts to make
anti intellectualism cool I said there
many people who want to talk about
criminal justice reform who will not
send Kanye West to the White House to do
that
I said Kanye West is what happens when
Nick Rose don't read you know what that
is that is a fact
oh so wait so you did say it
I said Kanye West is what happened when
Negroes don't read that what I just said
no that's not what you just say he's a
genius
wait but time out time out genius onion
time out come up what what what what is
kanye west and i don't even know why
we're here because you said we need have
conversations on civility you go on
table news and say that a seven-time
Grammy winner multi billionaire
courageous man going through the Oval
Office is what happens when people don't
read that's not where that burns of are
a hypocrite first of all tell me you're
here to have a conversation you're
trying to be this big reconciliation we
all get a good to go along then you go
on CNN and you bash a successful man has
the courage to wear make America great
again hat you deserve to be called out
for that okay all right I'm gonna come
in here so Bakari will have response and
they're gonna know the topic so
personally I love when we feign a big
nation that's like the cutest thing ever
that but but on a more on event on a
much more specific note first of all
it's factually accurate because Kanye
West is literally a quoted non-reader he
doesn't believe in reading okay so so
that bothers me but if we're gonna have
a conversation about criminal justice
reform I actually want somebody who is
articulate on the issue of making sure
that we ban for-profit prisons I want
somebody who wants to end the
prohibition on marijuana I want somebody
who's going to actually go and talk
about putting rehab and social programs
in prisons so when people get out we
don't have high rates of recidivism I
want somebody who can actually talk
about issues that are near and dear to
my heart and so while we want to feign
this and say oh my god you said black
people can't read what I did was I
directly quoted Chris Rock and making a
point about anti intellectualism because
I'm sick and tired of individuals who
want to get in this discussion but do
not have the depth to have it you can
have Kanye West
you can have Kanye West and you can you
can trot him out
you can trot him out with the make
America great hat on but I stay I don't
stand on the shoulders of Kanye West
Charlie Kirk no no no no let me finish
I stand on the shoulders of Walter Scott
of Trayvon Martin of Keith Lamont Scott
I stand on the shoulders I stand on the
shoulders of all these people so Lisa
Reiser
while unarmed to be an African American
Sandra bland the list goes on and on and
on again so it's cool if you want to be
indignant right if it's cool if you want
to have a I got Macari sellers because
oh my god he said Kanye what happens
when Negroes don't read I stand on that
today and I'll stand on it tomorrow
okay all right I'm gonna go ahead we
cleared that up all right guys see a
multi-billionaire and a seven time guys
you will it's a form of early genius
guys they're many different forms of
judge real quick billion dollars with
this this is the incentive in our
politics that's destructive you guys are
trying to get a Twitter moment right now
and that's not helpful I don't want this
people saying they want kumbaya moments
and then you go on cable television and
say someone like this explained it I
think you know I know but he with what
he said I think some really good points
and unfortunately we are living in a
society that is celebrity obsessed and
people like Kanye West are who we are
turning to for political ideas it's not
great but here we are he is someone who
is obviously not some sort of political
mastermind or philosopher king but at
the end of the day at least he is trying
to raise awareness about issues like
prison reform I would love it if it was
someone else
for getting someone released to us in
like life prison for a nominal that's
not but Molly point is I appreciate I
appreciate that but I appreciate I
appreciate that effort right
I appreciate the effort of a Kim
Kardashian going and get getting one
person out
I appreciate Kanye West being able to
say the word prison reform that's not
what I'm talking about that I'm talking
about being able to go to the White
House and represent people who look like
me okay and not only that but speak to
the but no no but that's I wish that was
the case like that's what that's what we
I wish it was the case that Kanye West
could go and sit in the Oval Office and
have a 15-minute rambling dialogue with
the President of the United States and
just speak for himself that's not the
point he does not he speaks for so many
people who look like me who who are
brown who are black who were persecuted
who were put upon and so when we have
that moment where somebody goes out
there and embarrasses us because of that
everyone else wants to play into
identity politics and say that one black
man speaks for all of you he's never
claimed I appreciate that I
wholeheartedly appreciate that however
that rhetoric is that it doesn't meet
the test of reality that's my only point
and and listen if you want to have a
conversation if Donald Trump wants to
have a conversation about criminal
justice reform he can go out and talk to
Michelle Alexander he can talk to Jordan
Edwards mother or Lucy Mac who's Lucy
Macbeth he can talk to Sandra Bland's
parents he can talk to people who
actually went through this but pardoning
one individual or granting clemency to
be accurate so one individual is not
reformed and all I'm simply saying is if
you want to trot Kanye West out fine if
you want to wear Yeezys fine but my only
point is do not sit here and tell me
you're your dope and your hype and you
can do everything on criminal justice
reform because you tell Kanye West's
going to bring in Michael here because
criminal justice reform is an
interesting area at the left right
alignment right now you've seen the Koch
brothers for example get very active in
trying to Rand Paul then Rand Paul to
try and reduce the prison population and
reduce mandatory minimum sentences
Grover Norquist is very much involved in
this so Mike Alana get your
response to that do you agree with some
of those voices like Norquist and the
Koch brothers who who want to reduce the
huge budget line item that some of our
Corrections facilities have created I
think we should put more criminals in
prison I see no reason you did agree
with that yeah I mean I like Rover
Norquist and I like the Koch brothers
but there was this wonderful headline in
the New York Times a number of years ago
by Fox Butterfield
it said prisons keep filling
despite the crime rate falling as though
there weren't some correlation between
putting criminals in prison and the
crime rate falling down
are there certain instances where
there's abuse absolutely should we
reform that absolutely I am all for
putting criminals in prison there are a
lot of talking points on this issue I
think a lot of them are frivolous
particularly when it comes to the war on
drugs so I'm happy to talk about it but
I probably that will lead us nowhere on
the question of is this country too
harsh on its criminals or not I I think
we're not harsh enough I want a nice
safe country and this has been a big win
for president Trump you know we're
talking about bridging divides and
bringing people together on certain
issues when you bukhari talk about Kanye
West not representing people who have
your skin color certainly you've seen
the polls that show the president
Trump's support among black voters and
Hispanic voters has surged over the last
year more than doubled among black
voters why is that because clearly
people are feeling more represented by
this administration people are coming
together and I think what you're seeing
right now with the hysteria with the
attacking Republicans in restaurants is
the last gasps of people who thought
that it was theirs they deserved power
Democrats deserved it Hillary Clinton
deserved to win the election and it was
wrongly taken away from her I think it's
absurd and and I'm very pleased that
we're speaking frankly because on the
question of criminal justice reform more
broadly when President Trump speaks
about law and order speaks about people
not crossing our border illegally using
our resources illegally deporting
criminals who are in violation of the
law his poll numbers shoot through the
roof even among Democrats even Democrats
don't want blanket amnesty I think law
and order is a big winner I think our
country is better off for it and we
should keep running on it bring
everybody together
cute if you had if you actually care
deeply about law and order then I'd like
for you to call for the breakup of the
us-saudi alliance because we keep giving
them with you over a hundred billion
dollars in weapons genocide ones in
Yemen Latino journeys on that really
agrees on that
if you agree great I'm happy legally
vocal about how Saudi Arabia's than
everyone wonderful there is wonderful
and also I want to agree with you on
another point you said we should put
more criminals in jail I agree that the
fraudsters on Wall Street should all be
in jail okay
I'm not opposed to putting criminals
behind bars even if they work on Wall
Street I have no look Wall Street often
votes Democrats so I've got no political
allegiance to them as it is as for the
Saudi alliance though I find this to be
a huge distraction from the Democrats
you're alluding I supposed to the
killing the extrajudicial killing of
Jamal khashoggi by the Saudi government
Jamal khashoggi was a radical Islamist
one of his main criticisms of Saudi
Arabia we just can we just stop can
demand recipes and order in this is why
though this is why the title finish I'm
not because this is why the time to
finish month this is why the title at
all Dan'l is what it is he was a vessel
Islamist because the 1980s who was good
friends with Osama bin Laden so as when
you died one of his main criticisms of
the Saudi government is that the Saudi
government is too pro-israel but I'm not
going to work I think Mike what he's not
a United States I think a lot of other
governments are a lot of bad thing this
is why particularly focusing on this it
was the Democrats can't find any issue
to went run on in the mid term alive
thinkers remember when you said you
believed in due process like five and a
half minutes ago and nag America with
the killing of a journalist whose profit
I mean I think that I think that but I
first of all I think that I think that
not you him
so when we get to the point we where we
have these like really
sensationalized
talking points we begin to lose people
right and people clap and they chant and
they scream and this this gentleman was
a Washington Post editorial reporter and
if you want to talk about something he
did in the eighties so be it oh that's
how to talk over me that's fine but my
only point is that like he was he was
killed in an extrajudicial killing in a
consulate I mean let's at least allow
him to rest and allow and allow and
allow an investigation table I didn't
but I think that and I think my only
point in stopping you and saying that we
have to cut this out is because
the audience and people deserve better
dialogue than that right think it's
because the dialogue by sensationalized
talking point when we can actually be
talking about issues that that maybe
maybe when we leave this room somebody
will say oh I'm thinking differently
about this other than simply saying that
oh my god this was a Muslim sympathizer
who just got killed in Islamist
sympathizer I want to point out though I
didn't bring up the topic you and my
friend over here brought up the topic
and I'm happy to answer it and this
happens he was on the left you talked
about the us-saudi Alliance on the Left
this always happens the left brings up a
talking point as an attack on the right
the right responds and then they say
what can I get it on the Saudi debate
this is something where Michael and I
might have some disagreement we only
disagree on like three things this might
be one of them I think Saudi Arabia is
one of the great enemies of the west end
of America I'm sick and tired of
appeasing them yeah they've seen out of
19 of the hijackers were Saudi Arabia we
should not be transacting hundreds of
billions of dollars in arms sales to
fund their unethical warm it probably
illegal war in Yemen here's when Michael
and I will agree and you might disagree
they're also the number one funder of
madrasahs across the world which is
hotbed
centers of radical Islam and and entire
terrorist cells they end up being Isis
terrorists and and so I think the
us-saudi relationship has gone way out
of bounds and they never paid a price
for what they did at 9/11 yeah I agree
with that they never paid a price for
the worst terrorist attack probably the
worst domestic attacks since 9/11
I sense Pearl Harbor on American soil in
the last 100 years so this is something
we could agree we agree and Khashoggi I
would I would actually agree with
Michael that there's probably a little
more coverage on this then would be
usual that that's just about despite the
point but I think it's highlighting a
broader context of how Saudi Arabia has
been lying to us we've been funding them
we've been giving them arms Weavile
ovens whatever they want and we have yet
to fully allow the 9/11 victims families
to sue the sovereign wealth fund to
Saudi Arabia bankrupt that country and
make them pay those families for what
they did on 9/11 all right very good for
you to move to a slightly different line
of questioning here you know we're here
talking about some of the headlines the
fact is still if you go beneath the
headlines we live in a very broken
political system and I want to get to
some of those incentives primarily
because we don't give them enough
airtime to be honest it's often not as
sexy I think it's very important and so
actually I do want to bring in Bukhari
for a second because because you worked
on the Obama campaign in 2008 and I
think the last time there was an
interest in trying to transcend a divide
was that campaign and Obama's famous
words in 2004 or was that there's not a
liberal America there's not a
conservative America there's the United
States of America and then at the end of
his presidency vice news did this great
documentary called a house divided and
they asked him well what happened to
that and he said well that didn't work
out so well did it I'm thinking wait
hold on that was kind of the premise of
why you know why he ran and why he got
elected so I don't want to talk so much
about like Oh Republicans were
obstructionist in Congress or Obama did
this or not that I want to get one layer
deeper there and asked you know what are
the process issues that caused that
mission to fail so spectacularly during
his presidency well I mean I think that
even
from even our discussion yesterday
amongst my friends on the left we have a
tension about those policies and issues
and so it's pretty good if we don't
maybe get caught up there but delve to
where you want to go I began this
earlier today by saying that in this
country we've made a lot of progress but
we have a new study out of ways to go
and one of the one of the issues that I
give Donald Trump credit for in somewhat
of a backhanded way that we are now
actually having a discussion about
robustly is the issue of race it's an
issue in this country that we've never
dealt with it's one that we've never
that we've never truly had any substance
of conversation about and people think
that people think that we are very far
removed I remind people often you know
my father was shot by South Carolina
State Troopers in February 8th 1968
protesting a bowling alley they denied
his bond in Houston on death row my
sister was born without her father my
family we had to literally live on on
welfare for a period of time because of
the simple fact that my father had a
felony on his record simply from being
an activist right but this isn't
something that happened in history books
a hundred years ago this is one
generation and so I think a lot of the
reaction that we had doneghy see Coates
wrote a great piece in the Atlantic
called the first white president and
talking about Donald Trump in the angst
that many many people in this country
have and so I think that we're dealing
weak we are dealing with the
reconciliation that I believe the year
is 2040 to correct me if I'm wrong but
2040 to when this will be a majority
minority country and what we're dealing
with now a lot of what we're dealing
with is the Browning of America and
we're going to have we're gonna have
some uncomfortability and people are
going to have issues and I think a lot
of that played out during the presidency
of Barack Obama but even more is playing
out now if Hillary Clinton's president
we wouldn't be having conversations like
this but because Donald Trump is we're
having these very profound discussions
and so that's a part of the reason that
I that I believe we had those hiccups
yeah right all right
we have some questions here we won't
have time to get to every one but we
hope to get a few I and can I just say
one more thing
there needs to be a question mark at the
end of the question and please keep it
relatively quick so we can get to as
many people as possible so this
questions mainly for Charlie and Kyle
how would you guys feel about the
Libertarian Party and the Green Party
sort of pooling their resources ok so I
think it depends on on the issue in
question because there are areas where
you're gonna find agreement between
greens and libertarians like when we
were talking about foreign policy and
the drug war there's total agreement
there so my whole thing has been and
that's you know the whole point of this
panel is how will we get along my answer
to that is very simple when we do agree
we do get along and we can work together
on those issues and I have no problem
doing that
but where we don't agree let's argue
let's debate let's have that
disagreement and that's what democracy
is and sometimes it's messy and we're
gonna be at each other's throats
metaphorically and other times it's you
know great and we can agree like we just
did on Saudi Arabia so I think when you
go when your issues based and policy
driven I think that you'll find that
there are many areas where you can agree
and work together and then when there's
not when you have areas of disagreement
ok just debate and that's that and may
the best argument win it's great though
me being more of a civil libertarian I
wouldn't suggest the Green Party and
party that they would disagree on a lot
of things yeah at least half the stuff
but I would say that and I'm a
libertarian a lot of issues
traditionally conservative on other ones
but the best thing that's happened in
the last eight years is seeing
libertarians finally admit that this
libertarian party idea has to be within
the Republican Party you see Rand Paul
you see Thomas nasty Justin Amash and
you see conversations and even the top
level Republican leadership are talking
more like libertarians on issues which
is a great thing talking about the stain
for government power and even government
overreach all those sorts of things are
very positive developments and that's
happened since the Tea Party movement
but again I think that there is there's
things that we can agree on and
obviously things will fundamentally
disagree on and these civil libertarian
issues I think is a good starting point
it is definitely alright next question
hi I asked a similar question tank
turn I wanted to get your take Charlie
when we see numbers like Democratic
semper senators representing 35 million
more Americans but are in the minority
in the house Democrat Democrats
represent 1.3 7 million more people but
Republicans have 33 more seats and 33
million more people voted for Hillary
but Trump is president mm-hmm
you seem to agree that district this
district mean shouldn't be politicized
can we count on you and other
conservatives to reform a system that
supports them so yes but I'll take a
little exception with what you said
first the the premise the premise of
what you said though is operating under
the idea that we are a democracy we are
not a democracy in America nor should we
ever become a direct democracy we are a
constitutional republic that use a
democratic process to put our
representatives in power and there's a
big difference to that a democracy as
warned in the Federalist Papers would
have lended itself to the tyranny of the
majority decentralization of power and
states rights is essential to a republic
remember that the states created the
federal government the federal
government did not create the states and
so the diffusion of power to give states
such as Wyoming and Montana north to
south dakota representation is critical
now it works for both parties to
remember it's democrats that get
electoral votes from hawaii and Rhode
Island in small states so it's not a
purely partisan thing the final thing to
say is that I think it's very dangerous
you go to for example a direct national
vote because you'll see candidates do
nothing go from cities like Miami to Los
Angeles San Francisco Seattle and
concentrate on heavily urban issues and
forget middle of America which
essentially everywhere between Manhattan
and Malibu so we have our first
disagreement
we're a constitutional republic but
we're also literally a representative
democracy so obviously democracy is a
very important part of our system and I
think we should absolutely abolish the
Electoral College because you have to do
mental gymnastics to come to the
conclusion that you know the people that
should be in power are the ones who got
fewer votes I think anything that would
argue on the opposite side of that is
honestly laughable I actually disagree
with you
being from South Carolina I think the
Electoral College is like dope right
because why else would you not I mean
what candidate would come campaign in
South Carolina if all you had to do was
go to New York in LA I'm so sorry one
more last weak point because a lot of my
friends a lot of my friends on the left
after this election that Hillary won in
the popular vote however you want to
couch it I'm like the electoral college
first of all you can't name a better
system one and two
we were just champion it in 2008 when it
elected a skinny black guy with a funny
name so like I I'm no I'm sorry to say
it's a matter of principle in my opinion
that I actually think I'd go beyond that
I would actually say in this country on
the top you know most important five or
ten issues I think every year our entire
country should go to the polls and vote
on the five or 10 most important issues
so for example if you know one of those
was ending the Iraq war
I think this could would be in a much
better position if people got to
directly vote on should we legalize
marijuana should we end the Iraq war but
stuff like marijuana you are able to
directly vote for your state legislature
and that is like essentially direct mas
there's no like electoral college for
your state legislature where a lot of
things like drugs are related to as they
should be to the states but the bigger
idea and this is coming from a Canadian
is that it's States who elect the
president not individual people so I
think the whole balance with the states
being semi sovereign entities that are
able to like sort of have the I guess
lab experiment of smaller issues I think
I think that isn't import so if you told
me well then let's compromise and find a
middle ground and let's have more of a
direct democracy on specific issues in
the individual states I always take that
agreement yeah I take that agree Aleph
or Nia has that there's about
referendums every two yes I live in New
York and we don't have many valid
I know they are gonna change that in the
state though that's that's what makes
the laboratories and I'm a little
hesitant about the holiness I wore that
one over the nightstand a happy alright
at the National all right this is next
question bring the states let the people
vote in the States okay next question
mr. sellers you said you don't stand on
the shoulders of people who don't read
that's not what I said but go ahead I'm
pretty sure it was but then you
proceeded to say that you stand on the
shoulders of various blacks that have
died for various reasons do you really
believe that these blacks whose names II
Listed were avid readers yes Martin
Luther King was an avid reader that was
a that was like a next question
you want me to we want me to answer do I
believe that young black men who are
unarmed until actually read the answer
to the question is yes they actually
read because it's not it's not a big
deal to see a black kid read a book so I
don't want to answer the question next
question hey this question for you
Kyle's for you cop seltzer water
nobody from you even hot war is over
till you bring of our ideology and say
that we're still in this what I like to
call civil cold war so what kind of
policies and the deficient should we do
to end the Cold War so what should we do
to end the civil that's more on the
quest another day yeah that's great
asking better questions and usually I
know I think the only thing we can do is
have conversations like we're having
right now and as you could tell at times
it was heated and we disagreed but then
another time there were points of
agreement and you know one of the other
points that I was gonna make during the
course of the panel is that I I said
that a lot of Donald Trump's campaign
rhetoric was stuff that I agreed with
like for example we would bash NAFTA at
every rally and he said okay this is
destroying you know working people in
this country and we need to to fix it
and we need to stop doing these terrible
trade deals and I think that the way you
bridge that divide is by again being
issues driven because when your issues
driven you will find points of agreement
where as opposed to if you're just a
partisan hack you're gonna just be a
partisan hack and even if you contradict
yourself on an issue you'll say I don't
care I agree with the Republican cuz I'm
a Republican and that makes no sense
Democrats do it - yes
thanks buddy thank you very question
brah good one yeah so since this is
supposed to be how do we get along right
my question is for curry
why party without the affirmative action
mm-hmm what's your opinion on that
because I as a white melt applied for a
job in a predominantly black
neighborhood and they have stipulations
they only they have to hire so many
black people versus minority whatever
the graphics are is that fair I mean so
first first I think we need to back up
and actually just deal with facts the
number one group of individuals that
benefit from affirmative action in this
country are actually white women so
that's that's actually first and that's
the first thing that I would that I
would tell you I think that for a long
period of time I I often tell people
that I can't make you dance but you know
I do think it's necessary that everybody
have access to the dance floor
and when you're talking about you know
when you're talking about legacy
enrollment and you're talking about
higher education you're talking about
jobs
what affirmative action that's done was
simply allow individuals who otherwise
would not have had the opportunity the
opportunity to compete but the largest
group of individuals in this country who
have taken advantage of affirmative
action programs are not blacks or not
Hispanics but they're actually white
women do you think that there is a time
when after all the great gains that
affirmative action has made that we
should get rid of it now there are these
suits against Harvard and Yale for
discriminating against Asian students is
there a time at which we should phase
that affirmative action and when do you
see that happening is there a time the
answer would be probably yes when do I
see that happening I'm not sure um could
I add the sort of white woman weigh-in I
liked Oh
so I think the issue with affirmative
action and you know I'm someone who I
very much believe in meritocracy but
even though I don't support the idea of
affirmative action I think the people
who do are addressing a real problem
which is that there is a big lack of
representation among certain groups in
positions of power and higher education
I think we need to be focusing more on
why that is and I think that goes back
to let's let's talk about public schools
in in neighborhoods where they just
simply don't have the funds on where the
high school graduation rate is extremely
low
let's talk about trying to bring skills
into these communities let's talk about
you know instead of just throwing
everyone in prison let's talk about
treatment programs for things like that
and I think if we begin to address the
problem from that issue then the whole
debate about affirmative action might
not be as so I you you you actually hit
the nail on the head because you're
talking about a holistic approach right
and I think that a lot of times we
piecemeal because people want to ask you
how do you feel about affirmative action
well
Curren of action is a is is what some
people is what is a remedy to a to a
large problem but it's only part of that
and so I think that we have to as you
said we have to look at you know the
fact that African American kids have had
less access to four-year-old
kindergarten programs they're more
likely to go to school hungry they're
more likely to have issues that lead to
pre-existing or not pre-existing
everybody wants tell about pre-existing
but preventable diseases like prenatal
nutrition is incorrect so I mean that's
I agree with you wholeheartedly look at
that we're agreeing too much man you
said affirmative action as a remedy well
it's also a punishment against Asian
American students that do quite well
it's racism against asian-americans
Harvard has a different I know this
might be a surprise yeah that you hit me
with something new here so tell me teach
me yes so the Ivy League has a different
grading scale for an asian-american
student versus a black student versus a
white student it is harder to get into
the Ivy League schools as an
asian-american student than any other
race or box that you check that is pure
and simple racism that have different
levels for more for different races and
you call it a remedy it's a punishment
against
an entire portion of the American
population that is about eight to ten
percent based on the census data that's
about to come out we'll find out that
happens to be the richest group in
America Asian Americans are the richest
group by race in America and they
weren't in the 1940s yet over the last
70 80 years they did the three things
you need to do to stay out of poverty in
America as the great Ben Shapiro talks
about every single day
I need a graduate high school get a job
and get married before you have kids
they've done those things over the last
60 years and now we're punishing them in
the college admissions process so we
need to be specific though because it
actually depends on which group of
Asians you're talking about because
typically when they came from the
lower-income nations they stayed lower
income whereas when they came from
richer families so for example
Vietnamese immigrants are actually more
poor than say Chinese immigrants so
generalization like oh you know
basically they just have family values
and I'll probably be richer if they've
got everything you could say the same
for everything you could say for example
immigrants from South Africa or consider
African Americans they tend to be richer
than African Americans that have been in
America for 150 years the multi dentures
so you have to use the aggregate of the
data that's mom saying and in the
aggregate the Asian asian-americans are
the richest group in America per race
and affirmative action heavily punishes
this this portion of American population
that has higher test scores higher
graduation rates and I mean I think I
think I think that the resolve to that
to that demand room is I think that
because I wasn't aware of that but I
think that if you're talking about the
Harvard's and the Yale's and you're
talking about Ivy League institutions
then the answer is not to throw out
affirmative action the answer is to
reform the programs right and maybe
equalize those grading systems and the
reasons I say that it's not the reasons
the reasons I'm saying that you
shouldn't throw out affirmative action
is because there was just a recent study
that came out that said that if you take
an african-american today and you
equalize his equalize his wealth or his
income potential and earning potential
with his white counterparts it take him
two hundred and twenty-two years to
equal the amount of wealth that they
have right and so you're looking at
you're looking at a group of individuals
who have been disenfranchised in this
country for a very long period of time
and so affirmative action to her point
it's just it's just one slither of a
larger holistic
that we have don't even know where we
got this retro but yes okay very curious
as to your answer on this what do you
think of a class-based affirmative
action system no IIIi don't believe it's
government's role to solve any sort of
inequities freedom okay
opportunity and curious hopefully
engineering guys let's get to the next
question hi this is a question for mr.
Kirk isn't it hypocritical for you to
virtue signal about Candice Owens then
 all over Taylor Swift so how are we
supposed to get along you mean Kanye
West but yeah thank you for your news a
lot of what he's talking about
I mean I'm gonna give him more benefited
up in his own question than he probably
deserves but so I gave Kanye West a lot
of praise and then at simultaneously
bash Taylor Swift of which I stand by
completely so let me give a short answer
cause I don't want to monopolize the
panel on this first and foremost Kanye
West did not demonize Hillary Clinton
did not demonize the Democrats even said
I love Hillary and Taylor Swift's post
that he that she wrote on her Instagram
of which I highly doubt she actually
wrote and I got a lot of blowback for
that but that's okay he's probably
written by a Democrat political
consultant she said Marcia Blackburn his
anti-woman Marcia Blackburn is this she
went out of her way to attack the
Democrat where Kanye West's messages not
all black people had to be Democrats
that's what the first thing he said when
he entered the Oval Office two
distinctly I got there in a political
analysis okay well first of all I like I
didn't think I'd be defending Taylor
Swift well I like the reason she said
she's an t woman is because she voted
against the reauthorization of the
Violence Against Women Act so it's fair
to categorize that as a woman vote okay
but she also championed over eight bills
that went after domestic abuse
perpetrator so on and so forth so to say
that Marshall Blackburn a woman is anti
woman does not look at our total and
complete all right okay let's not be
part of a group and against their
broader interests right but right again
but just the same Marsha Blackburn is
anti woman when her whole track record
her whole life is about female
empowerment in the good ol boys network
of the Republican run party of Tennessee
I think is disingenuous for Taylor Swift
and shows that she obviously doesn't
have an understanding of martial
Blackburn's 20-plus years in public
servants the Violence Against Women Act
your anti-woman neck all right
right why are we debating that all right
I've got a little voter that we're a
better version but that's okay we'll
talk go ahead sir thank you
as Catholics and seeing that you support
that the government's job is to protects
why oh yeah why would you support
recourse to the death penalty when
prison technology has advanced to the
point where we can protect the citizenry
from dangerous criminals without putting
them to death
perhaps we can and perhaps we can my
view on the death penalty is in you were
talking about a Catholic question is in
keeping with two millennia of Catholic
theology although there is now some
question about that raised by the
president Vicar of Christ on earth oh
but we that we can another time in
another place on that there there are
different reasons to use punishment you
you can use punishment to be
rehabilitative you can use punishment to
be punitive you can use punishment to
protect the public from the criminal all
of which I think are perfectly illicit
the obviously throughout Scripture st.
Paul writes about how the civil
authority has the right to come down on
people and many doctors of the church
and many people from the patristic era
also wrote about this okay
why should we do it it's because justice
is very important and there were there
are bad incentives that go down the line
when you stop punishing people for
heinous crimes it's very easy to sit
here and say oh I oppose the death
penalty for all cases what about some
awful terrorist who kills 3,000 people
one sunny morning what about somebody
who commits awful crimes rape murder man
why wouldn't we attack those people
why wouldn't we punish those people I
don't really see the argument obviously
we should protect human life but people
can compromise their their own rights
and if you commit a heinous crime that
would leave society better off without
you I don't see any reason not to punish
that and my final point is that there is
a medicinal benefit to capital
punishment which is to quote dr. Johnson
hanging concentrates the mind depend
upon it sir when you know you're to be
hanged in a fortnight
concentrates your mind wonderfully so I
think there's a spiritual and a
medicinal benefit to it and I highly
recommend the Catholics around the world
embrace it again tonight so our I am I'm
but very dally
I am a I'm a conservative against the
death penalty I'm gonna give you the
conservative reason why I'm against the
death penalty first and foremost I think
it's wrong the amount of people that we
have brought to the death penalty chair
that were wrongfully accused
ironically it's actually more expensive
it's actually more expensive than life
in prison because of the appeals and
because of the amount of legal jargon
around how long it takes to actually get
someone to the death penalty chair it's
almost 10 times more expensive the third
thing I say is this if I'm against
government power domestically for the
rights of American citizens and it might
it's different obviously for foreign
nationals
then I think that we should be
consistent in protecting the life of the
unborn even the life of the people that
have done who ridden her if eclis
heinous crimes that obviously give them
50 life sentence there's no chance to
bail and they never allow them to the
light of day but I think we as
conservatives need to be consistent in
how we say well we should be protecting
the life of all people no matter how
difficult it might be saying yes we want
to see that person perish that's where
our principles take the most amount of
courage to stand for so that's things I
will disagree with that but I will say
this in closing where I'll put my
counterparts on the Left the amount of
focus the left puts on the death penalty
and saying oh we should not execute them
and they turn a blind eye on the
millions of people in the womb that's
the other thing I think that's a little
hypocritical so I don't think I will say
I'm consistent from the womb to the tomb
I'm pro-life
I think that's a nuanced conversation we
can have when it comes to that issue but
my final point will be this very quickly
I think that people who are pro-life
should go even beyond being consistent
to your extent and argue against the the
bombing of eight countries that we're
currently doing right now
all right so in
he wants a lousy bombing all those
countries that Obama started wars right
yeah I agree at that - you gotta go for
first of all I just want to thank all of
our panelists this has been a lively
conversation and I think I'll just close
with two points first on the topic of
political divisions this was a topic
that the founders very much warned us of
and I would look to what George
Washington said in his farewell address
he said in these times of extreme
partisanship our country becomes
vulnerable to foreign corruption and
influence and and creates fertile ground
for authoritarian tendencies and I think
these political divisions we have in our
country is really the challenge of our
time and it's not to say that we all
need to agree all the time but we need
to have better arguments we have better
conversations and that's why I'm
grateful to our panelists here and the
last thing I'll say that makes me
optimistic is when you look at the
Millennial demographic right now
if you look at the data we tend to be
much more issue focused than party
focused and if we can have more of a
dialogue around that we might have a
better republic in the future so thank
you all very much and thank you thank
our panel and give them a big round of
applause a big round of applause for
Steven
