from time to time in an effort to reach
across the aisle and shake the hands or
throats of our friends on the Left we
here at the Andrew Clavin show like to
take some time to try to clear up areas
of misunderstanding between those of us
who sees things from a conservative
point of view and the bad guys in order
to do this we like to explain to
conservatives the meanings of some of
the terms the Left uses to distract us
from the fact that they have no idea
what they're talking about and also that
everything they do fails and that their
women are sort of shrill and
unattractive so in order to build
bridges of friendship between us and
these nefarious clowns let's attempt to
explain what the Left means when they
say some of the ridiculous things they
say today will define the term cultural
appropriation cultural appropriation
means borrowing practices or beliefs or
foods from other cultures cultural
appropriation is great in fact it's one
of the very best things about living in
America in America we ask only that you
obey the Constitution and live as you
please while not impeding the liberty of
others and as long as you do those
things you can wear your absurd little
hat and eat whatever crap you're used to
and if we like it we'll wear it and eat
it too thus through cultural
appropriation you can enjoy tacos
without having Mexican drug cartels
running your government you can do yoga
without having flexible Indian people
starving in your mind-boggling slums and
you can enjoy a nice Wiener schnitzel
without murdering all the Jews who come
in handy when you need a doctor want to
go to the movies or something the left
hates cultural appropriation because
they think it's about the strong
stealing stuff from the weak but really
when you think about it it works both
ways it allows minority people to adopt
things invented by white people like
electricity and freedom and it even
allows women to do things normally only
done by men like wear pants and use
logic and the truth is the leftist
condemn cultural appropriation because
they don't have jobs and have nothing
better to do than go around bothering
people they actually support it at the
same time for instance let's say you
came here from Saudi Arabia or some
other godforsaken hellhole and let's say
you're a Muslim or some fool thing like
that and you want
have the full human and religious right
to freely practice your religion
that's cultural appropriation you didn't
get the idea of human or religious
rights from Saudi Arabia or Islam they
don't have human and religious rights in
Saudi Arabia or Islam you culturally
appropriated those ideas from the west
and judeo-christianity so a leftist who
supports your rights is actually in
favor of your cultural appropriation and
can now move on to picketing a taco
stand run by a white person because
leftists er gormless knuckleheads I hope
this brings us all closer together
trigger warning I'm Andrew Klavan and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
Afeni its mailbag day I think Phoebe is
I notice Shapiro is gone again right I
think it's the Jewish holiday of kvv
right is this he's he's making these up
now I think the place is run by a lot of
evangelical Christians so Shapiro just
comes in and he says things like you
know yeah it's it's the Jewish holiday
of
cafe√© V you know it's at a Bible says we
have to take our family to the beach you
know except it's in Hebrew we pronounce
it be ik but it is some holiday rather
but but anyway we're gonna we have a lot
to talk about today but first you know I
feel really guilty whenever I do this ad
for texture because I know it's going to
destroy your life that after you get
this app it is the last thing you will
ever do you'll never stop looking to
this app you won't eat you would sleep
if you have plans for the future forget
about them this thing texture gives you
like 200 200 magazines for the price of
a single subscription it's like it's
normally it's $9.99 will give you a deal
on it but you get just just about
everything you want to read any magazine
you can think of is virtually on this
app and you just it just consumes your
life because nowadays I don't know about
you guys but I have really had such a
hard time getting information and making
sure that the information you know I
give you is right and I'm not just you
know talking about some anonymous source
who called in and said he was somebody
and read me a document so you got to be
looking it's not enough to look online
it's not enough to get your friends
opinions on Facebook you really have to
be looking going to the sources so I'm
not talking about you know small stuff
I'm talking about Forbes you know
Esquire People magazine Sports
Illustrated National Geographic Reader's
Digest Rolling Stone cosmopolitan know
all the different sides of the story
that you want to get you just will get
on this app and it's searchable so they
not only do they give you like their own
recommendations so they'll point out
cool articles that are coming out and
articles that you like which you can
always you know you can always feed it
stuff that you want but you can search
search it you can market just like
reading an e-book it's so incredibly
useful and so addictive
and like I said normally $9.99 a month
which even that is like once that's one
magazine that's basically one magazine
you're getting 200 plus magazines for
that but if you sign up right now at
texture comm slash Clavin you get a
14-day free trial right yes that's right
14 days were to make sure plus texture
was selected by the way as Apple's
topped one of Apple's top 2016 iPad apps
I know how hard that is I had one that
was you know that was praised by Apple
and it's very tough to get that so at
texture comm slash Clavin KLA VA n right
now texture is offering my listeners a
14-day free trial when you go to texture
dot-com slash Clavin KLA VA an 14 days
to try texture for free when you go to
texture comm slash Clavin texture comm
slash Clavin it is the last thing you
will ever do and after that it was
they'll find you you've beer to be long
it's gonna be terrible but it really is
it's a terrific terrific app ok I'm
going to do something that I have never
ever done before which is give a thought
to Kathy Griffin and I you know and the
reason I want to do it it's not about
Kathy Griffin and this is not gonna be
an outrage show I'm so outraged at Kathy
Griffin II and Kathy Griffin is what she
is you know she is an unattractive
untalented person who's desperate for
attention and she did this thing where
she took a picture of herself holding a
mock-up of Donald Trump's severed head
as if she were an Isis killer murderer
but she had killed and beheaded the
president ok and this you know caused
all kinds of fuss yesterday and
obviously and the Twitterverse and
online everybody's yelling about it and
I have to say that even Keith Olbermann
denounced it and the Satanists so I
think it kind of covered and good for
Keith Olbermann I mean you know that's
like I make a lot of fun of Keith
Olbermann because he's a buffoon but at
least he stood by and he actually you
know came out and said this is terrible
but the important thing about this has
nothing to do with Kathy Griffin let's
play she she apologized she saw this the
The Secret Service said they were
looking into it the important thing
though well let's let's play her apology
let's give her the
chance to say what you said hey
everybody it's me Kathy Griffin I
sincerely apologize I'm just now seeing
the reaction of these images I'm a comic
I crossed the line
I moved the line then I cross it I went
way too far the image is too disturbing
I understand how it offends people it
wasn't funny I get it I've made a lot of
mistakes in my career I will continue I
ask your forgiveness taking down the
image gonna ask the photographer to take
down the image and I beg for your
forgiveness I went too far I made a
mistake and I was wrong yeah I mean
that's a good apology it's not like a
you know sorry you feel this way or
sorry you know some kind of
mealy-mouthed thing that's a real
apology fine so you know it really is
not about her what it is about is that
she is employed by CNN she is employed
by CNN on that their New Year's Eve show
and they have her on as a commentator
she's on the view a lot and she's gone
on the view and cursed of people who
were nasty to Obama and all this stuff
but I don't care about Kathy Griffin
like I said she's a comedian she says
dumb things but I want to play for you
just a little bit of the way cNN has
covered this stuff because this is what
is really important the first thing I
want to play is how they covered a rodeo
clown who made fun of Barack Obama
that's the first thing we're gonna talk
about all right so let's let's play that
outrage today over this a Missouri rodeo
clown mocking the president this past
weekend notice the broom in his back
side and joking that he could be stopped
by a bull
the rodeo association later apologized
and the state's republican lieutenant
governor peter kinder called the ACT
disrespectful on twitter saying we are
better than this the State Fair has
banned the clown it's just the latest
jab at the president others have carried
clearly racial undertones and this went
on for a week at least until the clown
was fired and had to take sensitivity
training okay this is a rodeo clown you
know so he's like pulling down seven
figures right this guy who's not not you
know he some billionaire this is a rodeo
clown
CNN forced him basically basically ran a
campaign against him all right now I
want to go back and remember Gabby
grippers congresswoman she was shot and
she was shot they you know they tried to
make it sound like she was being shot
she had been shot by some right winger
cuz she was a Democrat she in fact had
been shot by a psychopath who was
actually kind of a left winger but
mostly what he was was a psychopath okay
candy crowley creepy crowley the woman
who like stepped in to protect her
barack obama during a debate with mitt
romney right
she has democratic senator dick durbin
on and the whole thing is how the
rhetoric remember the rhetoric do you
remember this through it was the
rhetoric that caused this shooting it
wasn't the fact that the guy was a
psychopath it was it was conservative
rhetoric and and the one that kept
coming up was Sarah Palin had run a
campaign where she had targeted
different congressional sites and she
had put a rifle
you know target over those congressional
sites and this was what had caused this
violence doesn't the candy crowley
and Dick Durbin when you talk about you
know putting putting those that you want
to defeat in crosshairs sort of
graphically you know on the internet
you're talking about Sarah Palin here
and I guess that the undertow and
certainly it's not an undertow on the
internet but the undertow with
politicians now speaking publicly is
well the Republicans and the and the tea
party and Sarah Palin have gone way too
far in their rhetoric it's been violent
rhetoric and therefore this sort of
thing happens are you making that direct
connection I don't think you could ever
make that direct connection but don't we
have an obligation those of us in public
life and those who
cover us to say this is beyond the
bounds it may be constitutionally
permissible but it shouldn't be
acceptable rhetoric okay so now we have
Kathy Griffin employee of CNN who has
the president's head and it was very
realistic was very ugly
apparently the president's son was
frightened by thought it might actually
be real for a minute holding the
President of the United States bloody
head like she's an Isis terrorist nobody
on CNN covers this first of all until
Jake Tapper who basically forced it onto
the air and said that he thought it was
disgusting and he was talking to Molly
ball of the Atlantic and I'm not sure
who the other panelists was this is
their reaction I mean I have a hard time
bringing myself to care about something
like this I think it just speaks to the
need to see themselves as a victim that
they have that they're constantly being
persecuted it's constantly the Trump's
you're talking the charm people are
constantly is having to point to the
elites who are looking down of course
like comedians and celebrities say dumb
stuff and do dumb stuff and and violence
is not appropriate but I just don't
think that that's the source of
president Trump's problems there IIIi
think we've got much bigger issues to
focus on than Kathy Griffin Jen do you
want to weigh in and all agreed what's
David no big deal no big deal took them
till 9 o'clock Eastern Standard Time to
denounce it which they did in a tweet
they send out a tweet denouncing the
thing and there's still as of me going
on the air they're still discussing
whether she's going to be on there CNN
New Year show and of course I don't have
to say this but just you know it needs I
guess it can't go without saying that if
this had been a right-wing comedian if
this had been me you're been holding up
Barack Obama severed head you had you
know not only would we be fired which we
should be fired it's a disgusting thing
to do but there would be no question
about the to the endless endless endless
coverage of how we caused the violence
and this is and the important thing
about this you know I want to play just
one more I want to play Morning Joe -
because Morning Joe they got married Joe
and Mika got married and Mika is this
big Democrat suddenly this show has just
become this festival of Trump 8 now this
calf Eevee thing if anybody wasn't
following it the
Phoebe thing is a tweet that the
president sent out where he talked about
the lousy press Kofi V obviously meaning
coverage
he just miss diketon mrs. Felder well
how come there's never saw toe spell on
you know and maybe that maybe that
wasn't so you know the Twitter went nuts
what's Kofi V and even even Trump
tweeted out you know I hope you know
somebody figures out what Kofi V means
so that's the story that they're talking
about so now somebody brings up Kathy
Griffin listen to their reaction
I miss the Kathy Griffin news last night
okay all right coming up Michael eat
some lunch thanks for being on the show
thank you Michael Michael this was a
stellar performance yeah very heated
very well all right we'll ask
award-winning linguist Nicholas
confessori
to help us break down the word call
Feifei yes it's they can't cover a
comedian with a severed head of the
President on Twitter but they're gonna
have a whole segment expert on Kofi V
and what this means yeah I'll tell you
what caffeine caffeine means were
pulling out of the Paris Accords that's
apparently now that's that's not solid
yet but everybody is saying that Trump
looks like he's pulling out of the Paris
Accords which would be great by the way
but but I want to stick with this for a
minute which is and just to say that
what this means what this means is CNN
and the entire entire infrastructure
that we call the mainstream media is
empty they are empty they're full of
crap they have no moral sway they have
no moral authority nothing they do
should resonate at all they're Russia
coverage everything everything it is
called into question by this that they
haven't got the basic common decency to
react on the instant to something this
far over the top
it's not about Kathy Griffin Kathy
Griffin she made a mistake she
apologized he's looking for attention
she got it congratulations it's not
about that it is about the networks it
is about the mainstream media who have
been ramming you and hammering Trump all
this time oh he's grotesque and he says
these terrible things and he pushed
ambassador out of his way they have no
moral authority to speak they are
utterly utterly empty we got to say
goodbye to Facebook and YouTube we're
gonna be doing the mailbag which means
if your life is as miserable as it must
be you should come over to the Daily
wire.com where we'll answer all your
questions and if you subscribe you could
ask questions yourself and if you
subscribe for a year for just a lousy
eight bucks a month you get a free copy
of Ben Shapiro's new book say it's so
about the 2005 White Sox championship
season
