good evening I get everyone please take
a seat who hasn't sat down yet please my
name is Jeremiah pop I am the president
of young Americans for freedom here at
Franciscan University of Steubenville I
would like to welcome you all tonight
Savannah especially our visitors and
those joining us via Daily wire lights
livestream on al gore's amazing internet
it is my honor today to introduce mr.
Michael J Knowles as he kicks off his
cafe on campus tour here at Franciscan
University playing second fiddle to his
boss Ben Shapiro Michael J Knowles is a
political commentator for the Daily wire
were since 2017 he has hosted the daily
podcast did Michael Mills show in 2017
he wrote the number one national
best-selling mostly blank treatise
reasons to vote for Democrats a
comprehensive guide which President
Donald Trump hailed as a great book for
your reading enjoyment as of earlier
this month it is considered to be the
only political book that is
self-updating
before a blank book Fame Michael studied
history in Italian literature at Yale
University graduating with honors and
earning the Seymour L Lutz 'men prize
for outstanding contribution to artistic
and cultural life of the college while
at Yale Michael rendered the first ever
translation for the English stage of
foreign team diplomat and political
philosopher Niccolo Machiavelli 'he's
semi-autobiographical play the girl from
Andros which Machiavelli scholar Angelo
capo de Vaca hailed as a watershed event
for the english-speaking world in 2011
Michael co-founded red pillar consulting
in which capacity he has advised
political campaigns from the municipal
to the presidential level mic was
performed in theatre television and
cinema recently starting in the
feature-length comedy film Hollyweird in
2017 he teamed up with his daily wire
counterpart acclaimed novelist and
screenwriter Andrew Clavin to perform
the 13 episode narrative podcast another
kingdom which garnered nearly 2,000
five-star reviews by the release of its
final installment rising to become one
of the most popular arts podcasts of the
year Michael's work focuses on the
relation between culture and politics as
goes the eternal Maxim politics as show
business for ugly people please join me
in welcoming Michael Knowles
thank you very much thank you for that
warm introduction thank you to
Franciscan University of Steubenville
for having me thank you to Yap
this officially marks the kickoff of my
coffe FA on campus tour I am so pleased
to be launching it here with you because
I am on a mission I'm a man on a mission
to spread a coffe FA on college campuses
from coast to coast it's very important
the question you might ask is what is
coffe F&E i wish i could tell you
coffe fa is a little bit like
pornography in that you can't define it
but you know it when you see it cough fa
is ineffable cough fa if I had to
describe it I would describe it as
speaking to that relaxed funny
exuberance that conservatives seem to be
enjoying right now the devil-may-care
sort of attitude the simple joys of
being right which is our topic tonight
and I'm on this mission to college
students because they need a little joy
they need a little levity they need a
little cough fa don't they they look now
not you all you all are very smart
you're serious people I go to some of
these universities oh my gosh they
they've whipped themselves into an
hysterical frenzy on campuses from that
girl that they call trig Lee puffs at
UMass Amherst to the shrieking girl at
my own alma mater at Yale where just
this week at the law school they had to
cancel classes because the students were
triggered by Brett Cavanaugh's
nomination the they canceled classes
they're the future shark litigators of
America were traumatized by the
nomination of a milquetoast federal
judge to the Supreme Court something has
gone horribly horribly wrong and it's
not just on campuses beyond the campuses
conservatives are having a much better
time than lefties these days why is this
the left has whipped itself into a
perpetual scowl they whine and they moan
and they scream and they shriek and they
wear the simulacra of Jenna
illya on their heads something bizarre
has happened but we conservatives are
having a grand old time now why is that
why are we having such a good time is it
because President Trump has ushered in
the most effective strongest era of
conservative governance certainly in my
lifetime is it because we're all richer
thanks to tax reform and deregulation is
it because we're safer now because we
have a same foreign policy where we
reward our allies and we punish our
enemies is it simply because we're all
slap-happy watching the tweeter in chief
hilariously deal blow after blow to our
ideological opponents yeah maybe maybe
it could be those things are great I do
not deny that whatever however the issue
runs deeper conservatives are happier
than leftists they are more content than
leftists they find greater joy in life
and don't take my word for it this has
been demonstrated again and again in
social scientific studies just this year
out of USC there was a meta-analysis it
looked at five studies almost 20,000
people in 16 countries from the 1980s
all the way up to 2017 it found that
conservatives are happier more satisfied
and find greater purpose in life now
what kind of conservatives are we
talking about are we talking about you
know Jeff Flake or are we talking about
those nominal Republicans who spend all
of their time attacking other
Republicans they never spend any time
attacking Democrats those squishy fishy
fraudulent conservatives who don't
actually advance a conservative agenda
people like Anna Navarro or Jennifer
Rubin who play conservatives on
television but rarely if ever work on
conservative campaigns in the real world
no we're not talking about them it turns
out according to the studies that the
squishes are not the happiest the
moderates are not the happiest if you
stand in the middle of the road you are
going to get hit by a truck which is
which will not make you happy the
studies show that the more conservative
you are the happier you will be and this
is very good news for somebody like me
whose politics are slightly to the right
of
angus Khan and Attila the Hun I can
attest to it personally there is a study
that came out from Pew Research in 2006
it showed that conservative Republicans
are 68 percent more likely to call
themselves a very happy than liberal
Democrats it's looking toward the
extremes it turns out that people who
call themselves extreme conservatives
are the happiest of all so why are we so
happy well let's start with religion
we're at Franciscan University that
seems like a good place to start and of
course religion forms the basis of our
identities Andrew Breitbart wonderful
Hollywood conserve it was fond of saying
that politics is downstream of culture
and culture of course is downstream of
the cult
it's downstream of religion as it comes
from what we worship the words culture
and cult are related they derived from
the same word what a culture worships
will define that culture if a culture
worships money it's gonna be more
materialistic if a culture worship sex
it's going to be more licentiousness god
it's going to be godly ER we know that
conservatives are more religious than
leftists traditionally religious because
the left has you know yoga and veganism
or whatever they do environmentalism I
don't know but I'm talking about
traditional religion you know
Christianity specifically a religious
conservatives outnumber religious
liberals four to one you don't need to
look at a study to know this just a few
years ago at the 2012 Democratic
National Convention they literally booed
God they booed God they the chairman of
the convention came out they said okay
we're gonna put God back in the platform
and they said boom give us Barabbas boo
they didn't say that maybe but they
might as well have said that they might
as well have religious people are twice
as likely as irreligious people to call
themselves very happy this of course
makes sense if you think that God loves
you that you will live forever with God
in eternity you are probably going to be
happier you're probably going to have a
better time in life then if you believe
that when you die you take a dirt nap
you turn to worm food all of life is a
tale told by an idiot full of sound and
fury
signifying nothing that will not make
you smile I mean that's not a great
making for a day conservatives also
therefore take part in behaviors that
are traditionally associated with
religion namely getting married and
staying married and marriage makes
people happier some people might not
always feel this way but it's true
marriage does in the long haul according
to all of these studies make people
happier and the Institute for Family
Studies in 2015 found out that
conservatives are more likely to get
married and to stay married controlling
for economics children who live in red
states are more likely to grow up in a
home with their two biological parents
than children and blue states and the
general social survey shows that
Republicans are more happily married and
more likely to remain in their first
marriage it's at this point that I
should tell you I don't actually put a
lot of stock in social scientific
studies I know I've rattled off about 20
of them to you but I'm happy to cite
them when they suit my purposes but I
don't I don't put a lot of stock into
them because they can be manipulated
they can be politicized especially by
the left fortunately though we can talk
about the simple joys of being right in
qualitative terms as well not only in in
quantitative terms so I can speak from
personal experience on both of those two
issues I by the time of my confirmation
when I was 13 I basically became an
atheist agnostic atheist I remained that
way for about ten years I reverted with
the zeal of a revert in 2013 right after
college and I also just got married in
June to my long-suffering fiance sweet
little ELISA and
and and I can tell you my life has
greatly improved her life has
deteriorated dramatically but my life is
way better
so that doesn't tell the whole story
religion and marriage do not tell the
whole story because there are many
different types of conservatives there's
the religious right but there are also
traditionalists libertarians
neoconservatives the populist types
there are a lot of different
conservatives there's a great diversity
of thought on the right this is one of
the great advantages of the right over
the left the left has no diversity of
thought what at one point it did but it
ran out its last Blue Dog Democrat
decades ago there's only progressivism
now marching ever more toward
progressivism more on that later so sure
religion plays a role but we're not here
only to discuss religion we are here
more broadly to discuss the simple joys
of being right I am here to proselytize
you've already been evangelized now I'm
here to proselytize for conservative
thought because there are many simple
joys of being right I have identified
seven I could go on for hours and hours
so I'll limit it to seven namely
laughing listening looking learning
loving letting the world be as it is and
consequently limiting our demands on
life it's a lot of Ellis I got that from
CS Lewis CS Lewis famously argued for
Christianity with three L's I am NOT CS
Lewis
I need seven else I probably named
twenty else but I'll stick to seven the
first one is the most obvious which is
laughing listen I'm older than you you
probably don't remember this in the old
days though the left used to laugh in
the old days comedians on t they did
this is a true story in the old days
like Jimmy could take Jimmy Kimmel for
example so he had what was called a
late-night comedy show where he would
get on stage get on stage so he would
tell jokes and then you know what having
the audience would laugh at the jokes I
know this is a foreign concept because
now Jimmy Kimmel gets on stage and he
cries
night after night he cries and then and
then when Jimmy Kimmel he cries and he
does this thing then the audience does
just what you just did they applauded
they said oh wow Jimmy Wow they
applauded claps not laughs as my friend
Owen Benjamin says collapse not laughs
Kathy Griffin the same thing Kathy
Griffin says mean things to me on
Twitter which is why I'm thinking of her
and Kathy Griffin used to tell jokes
though she doesn't tell jokes anymore
she just whines and moans about Donald
Trump in the Trump administration this
is it reminds me of that meme I think
the whole left has become this meme of
Sandra Fluke do you know her the
left-wing activist she's the girl she's
frowning or arms across and says that's
not funny that is that is the whole left
right now Jerry Seinfeld will no longer
play college campuses why he says that
the students are too politically correct
by which he means humorless and
left-wing the left can't laugh because
it has no sense of proportion it has no
sense of history and it has no sense of
humor again I'm a little bit older than
you so I remember when George W Bush was
Hitler I know that you're confused
because now Donald Trump is Hitler and
actually in the 80s Ronald Reagan was
Hitler now a Brett Kavanaugh is a
vicious criminal gang rapist soon we're
going to learn that Ted Cruz is the
Zodiac killer
that is the state of discourse on the
left if there's a really important
lesson here which is that if you marry
yourself to the spirit of the age you
will find yourself a widow in the next
stage if you say I thought George Bush
was Hitler he said no that was 2003 man
get with the stick man Trump is Hitler
now Cavanaugh is a criminal okay right
it's so exhausting how exhausting must
that be how tedious how awful never to
laugh always to be outraged or at least
to pretend to be outraged there was a a
comedy special on Netflix just came out
called Nanette and this comedy special
what made it unique is that it wasn't
comedy the girl got out on stage in her
comedy special and she said I am NOT
gonna tell jokes I am just gonna explain
all of the awful traumas that I've
endured in my life if she's watching
this I just a word of it there is a word
for that which is not comedy it's
tragedy that's tragedy that's not comedy
but they have redefined comedy on the
left to mean not comedy this is truly
political correctness run amok the the
perversion of language taken to its
logical conclusion in the left can't
laugh because the left can't think
horace walpole the great english writers
said life is a comedy to the man who
thinks and a tragedy to the man who
feels this was an early British version
of facts don't care about your feelings
we have narrowed it down now minute
pithy er if you are a slave to your
emotions and passions you're not going
to have a very good time we
conservatives know that life is a comedy
like Dante understood life is a comedy
it has a happy ending life works out for
the left though a life is a sick joke
it's not really worth protecting it's
not really worth caring about this is
why the left is so flippant it's so
cavalier about snuffing out life it's
why they've taken the sacramental view
of abortion and now a doctor assisted
suicide they're so enthusiastic about it
because they don't see the value in life
they don't see the comedy of it all so
the left doesn't take life very
seriously but the left does take itself
very seriously it exaggerated s' every
single issue Kavanagh is the great
example of
can you think of a more milquetoast
individual in the country other than
Mitt Romney I'll give you a Mitt Romney
but other than Mitt Romney can you think
of one no of course not
this guy was listening to an interview
with john yoo who was a friend of his at
yale law school he said I know where the
bodies are buried for Cavanaugh and the
answer is nowhere because he's been
running for the Supreme Court since the
day he was born and yet they're turning
this guy someone that that creepy porn
lawyer that represents for me Daniels
they're calling him a gang rapist
they're saying that he ran a criminal
gang rape syndicate I don't even know
but it's such an absurd accusation they
take everything - such an exaggeration
and they can't have that proportion
Chesterton observed that the Angels can
fly because they can take themselves
lightly the left can't take itself
lightly it's just lands with a thud the
left can't take itself lightly and this
is why the left has embraced as a virtue
pride it loves the virtue of pride now
we're at a Catholic University we know
that pride is not a virtue some might
say it's the queen of all sins it's the
worst or as possible sin imaginable
cause Satan to fall like lightning from
heaven caused Adam to fall out of the
garden it's a very bad sin the left has
embraced pride though as a virtue and
I'm not just singling out gay people
it's it's not it's embraced pride on
straight a thin pride fat pride certain
racial pride of certainly not white
pride but other racial prides pride and
it embraces pride because pride says
that we are sufficient we're good enough
just the way that we are if we're not
perfect we're at least perfectible just
the way that we are and we have nothing
to gain from anybody certainly not from
those pesky conservatives this brings us
to another L another simple joy being
right which is listening when you're a
conservative you get to listen and
that's very nice why would you want to
listen you don't know everything
certainly because other people are
different than you they have different
points of view different experiences in
life it's nice to hear different
viewpoints as Carlyle wrote he said
every man is my superior in that I can
learn from that man absolutely right but
the left doesn't feel this way the left
word
is to listen how many speeches have we
seen particularly by conservative
speakers where the left
lefty students with some crazy colored
hair and who knows what they stand up
and they start screaming or they
interrupt or they block the door they
won't let people get in or they pull a
fire alarm where they have banners or
they attack or whatever this is assuming
that the conservative can get on campus
at all in the first place how many times
have we seen speakers disinvited from
campuses major speakers Condoleezza Rice
you know big serious people because the
left will not tolerate different points
of view a look at big tech big tech
right now is censoring conservatives
Twitter Facebook YouTube they censor my
show it happens frequently they kick
people off they unverified people on
Twitter this is the weirdest one the on
Twitter you know there's a little blue
checkmark if you're verified and it
means you are who you are but now they
if they don't like you they take it away
which I guess means that you are no
longer who you are you have changed I do
you are trans you have become trans in
your identity the left is very
threatened by free speech they're
they're threatened by free speech they
won't allow the open exchange of ideas
and I think that's because deep down
they are not very confident in their own
views I think deep down at a
subconscious level they suspect that
their views do not really line up with
reality and this brings us to our third
L simple joy of being right which is
looking when you're a conservative you
get to look around the world and accept
what you see this is a very important
lesson in life nobody sees the world
with perfect clarity we all bring our
own ideas and our own prejudices ensure
that's true the left brings something
else or it at least bring something else
to a greater extent which is ideology
ideology the rationalizing of the world
the narrowing of the world the codifying
into doctrine of the world so that you
can say okay this is the world I've got
it on a piece of paper that's the world
now conservatives in general broadly try
to issue ideology they prefer the real
to the theoretical again don't take my
word for it it might sound like I'm
hyperbolic or something the Democrats
boast about this one of the most famous
speeches ever given by a Democrat
politician it is constantly referenced
an echo today was RFK Robert Kennedy in
1968 and he said some people see things
that are and ask why I dream of things
that never were and ask why not and this
was supposed to be some profound
statement and a lot of politicians copy
it Robert Kennedy thought that he was
quoting George Bernard Shaw there the
great lefty playwright which is true he
was I think what Kennedy didn't he
didn't read the whole play so he didn't
realize that when Sean wrote those words
he put them into the mouth of the
serpent tempting Eve he was literally
reciting the words of the devil believe
it leave it to a Kennedy leave it for
Kennedy I'll put this into political
terms in terms that we see all around us
by all accounts things are going very
well the economy is booming
there's relative peace wages are
increasing spiritually Liberty is
expanding materially we're prospering as
we have never prospered before so is
that how the left sees it no it is not
according to the left they see not see
Russian rapists spies everywhere
in the administration all ducking out of
corners with boris and Natasha they see
it everywhere what why is that it's
because they impose their ideology on
the world around them they impose their
ideology on what they see this brings us
to another L which is learning ideology
discourages learning why does it
discourage learning goal if you have all
the answers why do you need to learn
anything you know it all you've got the
answer for the left politics and history
are a science they're not an art they're
not a set of circumstances that are
constantly changing it's a science if
you figure out the formula you just got
to figure it out on paper then that is
the way it will be forever there's a
right side to history a wrong side to
history and then sometimes we pesky
conservatives interfere with their
history they see the future and it works
to quote
communists in the early 20th century and
we standeth word history yelling stop
this is why at the left is shocked when
they lose elections they're shocked they
turn hysterical when they lose elections
because they were supposed to win don't
you know didn't you get the memo in 2000
Al Gore was supposed to win he was
supposed to be the president in 2016 he
started on 2016 Oh in 26 she was
supposed to win all the political
scientists told us she was going to win
what's the matter so when she didn't win
and she didn't win and when she didn't
deserve
so when Hillary didn't win you and I we
could be here all night doing that do it
so when Hillary didn't win lost him she
lost it it couldn't possibly be because
she didn't win it couldn't be do you
know whose fault it was
it was the Macedonians it was the
Russians it was called me it was Eddie
it's just really dumb Trump is a guy who
beat her the only the only answer that
she could not land on the only one that
the ideological Democrats could not
accept was that the American people
those deplorable irredeemable American
people did not vote for her that she
lost fair and square
she they couldn't accept that and this
gets us those deplorable --zz gets us to
another L which is love conservatives
love our country even Hillary Clinton Oh
sometimes sometimes well you know kind
of children of God I don't know we kind
of like her well we'll pray for her
let's pray we love our countrymen though
we love our countrymen because we love
our country we love our country we love
our traditions we love the people we
love the restaurants down the street we
like the museum we like the Lions Club
we just love our country the left
doesn't love our country I'm sorry to
say that but they don't and my evidence
for this is they at this moment are
literally protesting the country they
are getting down on one knee and
protesting the American flag the
star-spangled banner which is a symbol
of the country the purpose of a flag is
to represent your country some people
insist they're not really protesting the
flag I say what no they are I'm seeing
them protest the flag right now I see it
happening they say no no they're
protesting police brutality they're
protesting police prove it if they were
protesting police brutality they could
protest a police department or the color
blue I don't know they say no no they're
protesting this Trump
well okay then go protest Trump but
they're not they're protesting the flag
which is the symbol of the country and
it's ironic because they may use this
phrase now love Trump's hate live your
love Trump's a witch sounds like a pro
Trump saying doesn't it doesn't sound
like it's anti Trump anyway so they say
love Trump's abate
want to say that they are the loving
ones and we awful conservatives are the
hateful ones so they talk about love one
with love and tolerance in one minute
and then the next minute they're elected
leaders Maxine Waters others are saying
go whenever you see a conservative
harass them chase them out of
restaurants chase them out of the public
square go to their homes where their
children sleep scream knock on the door
harass them the left constantly impugns
our character constantly impugns our
intentions why is this it's because the
left loves humanity but it doesn't like
humans very much it doesn't like the
real people that it meets this is baked
into left-wing ideology it's it's built
into progressivism progressives are
progressing toward utopia they progress
there is they're progressing towards
something they've got a clear vision
they're going toward it if you really
believed that you see the good you see
the utopia the perfect place on earth
and then some guy gets in your way there
are only two explanations for why he
would get in your way
one he is profoundly stupid and doesn't
see what that is
and two he's eeeevil he has bad
intentions he wants to hurt people he's
malevolent those are the tone to only
options for the progressive to view the
conservative and for smart conservatives
there's only one option it's not that
you're stupid if you can articulate any
words then you're not then you're a
smart guy and that means that you're an
evil person it's why they malign our
intentions so much conservatives are not
progressives we know that there's no
utopia
we know that you I mean utopia literally
means no place some people think that it
means the best place doesn't mean the
best place it means no place it doesn't
exist on earth we have been kicked out
of the garden we're not going back there
will not be perfection on earth there
will be war and blood and suffering for
all of this age until the end of the age
and this allows us to get to our next L
which is letting the world be as it is
our penultimate L so when reality foils
the left's grandiose plans we get to go
back to the first L and we can laugh at
them because it always foils they're
grandiose plans that we would be in good
company laughing at them there's a
wonderful old Yiddish expression man
plans God laughs
it always foils those plans every
grandiose plan for utopia fails from the
workers paradise of the Soviet empire to
the racially pure fantasy of Nazi
Germany to the Socialists hell of
Venezuela and other places on earth it
always fails inevitably utopian schemes
will fail the imperfection of the world
is an offense to leftists who are proud
and who believe that man deserves
perfection here and now for the
conservative though our take is it is
what it is it's one of my favorite
truism that is what it is
we appreciate the world as it is in fact
we even kind of like it it's our world
ok we like it we're going someplace else
but well we're here that'll be just fine
Michael Oakshott put all of this very
well in his book rationalism and
politics in his essay on being
conservative he wrote quote to be
conservative is to prefer the familiar
to the unknown to prefer the tribe to
the untried fact to mystery the actual
to the possible the limited to the
unbounded the near to the distant the
sufficient to the super abundant the
convenient to the perfect present
laughter to utopian bliss familiar
relationships and loyalties will be
preferred to the allure of more
profitable attachments to acquire and to
enlarge will be less important than to
keep to cultivate and to enjoy
conservatives enjoy we enjoy many things
it's very nice we enjoy our friends and
our country and our church and our
attachments we enjoy all of those things
we don't want to fundamentally transform
those things you don't want to
fundamentally transform things that you
love Barack you don't want to do that
Barack and this brings us to our final
ill limiting our demands on this life
the other L for this could be lower your
expectations which is also a good advice
will also help you live a nicer life the
left has utopian expectations sometimes
I think that the left doesn't know that
they're gonna die that no one here gets
out alive that they're gonna there
they're not going to be around here
forever those people in Silicon Valley
leftie futurists they say they're this
close to finding the cure to death how
many Pharaohs said the second thing
we're this close we're gonna cure death
okay guys the other lefty is the kind of
civilian lefties manifest this in their
neurotic health obsessions you know the
kale and the veganism and whatever I
don't even know what they are cod otos
who knows conservatives are not like
that conservatives eat red meat the
redder the better we drink we smoke
cigars maybe I'm just describing myself
but I think others are like me too
by limiting our demands on life by not
trying to extend this life here forever
and ever and ever and make it a utopia
on earth we're able to enjoy life
limiting the demands on life this
finally brings us to the conservative
political agenda put bluntly in America
conservatives want limited government
why is that there are a lot of reasons
one over-regulation
god bless over-regulation hampers
economic growth because the bigger the
government gets the smaller the citizen
gets because of government big enough to
give you everything that you want is big
enough to take away everything that
you've got because the government's not
very efficient because the government
wastes a lot of money because there's
very little recourse against the
government sure all reasons one above
all of them the government workers are
just like you and me they're flawed
they're imperfect maybe not Brett
Kavanaugh I think that guy's pretty
squeaky but most of them most of them
are flawed like you and me they're not
gods the left always wants experts they
seem to think that if we just got all
the experts all the technical experts in
every field and we put them in charge of
public policy life would be tickety-boo
they do always hear this with global
warming they say or global cooling or
whatever the new one is the global
climate whatever the euphemism is this
week they say if we just get that guy in
charge of public policy in charge of
environmental policy or energy policy
then it'll all be great that guy is the
last person you would ever want to put
in charge of policy especially
environmental
see because well he might know something
about meteorology or geology very often
those people know nothing about anything
else nothing about how that narrow field
that narrow ideology fits into the
broader scope of public life politically
economically or philosophically limited
government means one more L which is a
Liberty the simple joys of being right
cannot exist without that Liberty is a
central fact of our lives
God created man free he gave us will he
gave us freedom to exercise our will and
so we are free to choose how we will
live wrong or right thank you very much
oh stop it you're too kind get out of
here Hilary lost
all right I think we're doing questions
is there right okay everyone come up one
at a time please have one question ready
to go and I'll hold the mic for you when
you ask the question and once your
question has been answered you can just
make your way back down the aisle and
back to your seat where do I get your
tank top I'll let you take a picture
with me afterwards if you want so
regarded the infant the recent things
with Infowars and being banned a lot of
the power of the Internet is controlled
by Silicon Valley which is extremely
leftist and he was banned just in a sort
of window from a bunch of different
platforms and now recently PayPal so my
question is what sort of recourse is
there because I could say dang YouTube
stop T monetizing things but I'm still
gonna watch youtube videos till 2:00
a.m. in the morning there's just not a
lot of other ways to do that so do you
think one that those things should be
considered public spaces in regards to
any legislation that passed them and
what sort of conservative not backlash
but recourse do we have in regards to
something like that it's a very tricky
issue because we don't want to bring in
the big fat hand of the state and
regulate them and then leave us
vulnerable to the government regulating
us when we have a shot at it all but
likewise we can't let them keep doing
what they're doing what they're doing is
awful the reason it's awful is because
it's dishonest they are not transparent
they're not playing fairly if they came
out and said we're left-wing platforms
actually the head of Twitter sort of
alluded to this last week if they came
and said we're left-wing platforms we
could say all right see you later and we
could go start our own platforms but
they don't do that they so we're fair no
we're fair by Alex Jones sorry the frogs
are gonna get gayer bye bye
and they are they're getting in so what
we have to do I believe is threatened
them with legislation we should threaten
them with they're not playing by the
rules so either they're a publisher or
they're an open platform if they're an
open platform good that sounds great if
they're a publisher which is curating
content which they're already doing we
know that they're doing they're doing it
to the benefit of the left and they're
harming the right then we need to
threaten to regulate them as publishers
which opens them up to a lot of legal
trouble with regard to intellectual
property and copyright and we should
burn him down to the ground or they can
play fair I'm not saying they need to
become conservative I'm not saying they
even need to be centrist I want them to
be honest and if they're not gonna be
honest then let's do it man light it up
yep okay so we know know about like it
was the whole like fake news thing like
CNN you know seeing like I'm I think it
was for like 30 years
exactly it's so like you know I read
like hired like the other wire I listen
to rush like you tell me like more I
guess like true like news stations to
like get my news from cuz like I don't
know it's like hard these days it's very
hard you have to read a variety of
sources so the one I still read The Wall
Street Journal every day the Wall Street
Journal is still basically good their
reporting is a little left-wing
obviously the editorial board is kind of
business right they're not you know
they're not cultural warriors but
they're basically fair brokers Financial
Times lean leans left but they're okay
The Economist has kind of gone downhill
at the Atlantic is almost impossible to
really read Caitlin Flanagan now
everyone else is insane over there so
what I would do then is unfortunately I
hate to tell you this I'm gonna subject
you to misery and masochism but you
should read voxcom you should read just
to laugh at them I mean they're not
serious people they're not serious
people their total hacks but you can at
least get the perspective of the talking
points that they are trying to put
forward and it will give you a balanced
idea of where the partisans fall and
then you can you you can refute them one
of the great benefits I've always been
in very left-wing places New York LA
yeah
one of the great benefits of that is you
really sharpen your arguments or you
change your mind in some cases but you
really have to be exposed to what
they're talking about or else they're
gonna blindside you so I wish I could
recommend some great wonderful centrist
or left-wing news source but but then
that would be fake news wouldn't it be
fake news that I would be spreading
Thanks
so I went to a pretty liberal high
school I was I come from Minnesota which
is I love it you know a little bit blue
slightly yeah but I met a lot of people
that don't know what they're talking
about especially in terms of gun control
so like how do we debate people and they
talk to people that's I honestly don't
know what they're talking about and like
have like and asked for quote-unquote
sensible gun control treat them like
children I mean that treat that's not to
say torture them or be mean you don't
want to start beating your child that's
not a good parent you have to treat them
like children because they don't know
anything they did children don't know
anything maybe it's not their fault you
know in the case of kids it's not in
grown adult lefties maybe it is their
fault but they they either have a
impoverished education or they're not
terribly curious so you should treat
them like children
a firm hand don't back down you have the
authority but be kind and charitable and
try to bring them up to your reasonable
point of view unless they're totally far
gone and they're like blue haired
screeching crazies maybe that isn't
going to work but if they're like a lot
of people who are just vaguely
culturally leftist because our culture
is left-wing I think that you could
convince them but you've got to be firm
and confident and know what you're
talking about and kind
I'm Michael I wanted to just turn to our
good buddy GK Chesterton he said the
business of progressives is to go on
making mistakes the business of
conservatives is to prevent mistakes
from being corrected yeah in in light of
that we talked a lot about you know a
lot of the good things for conservatism
tonight but do you think there are
certain mistakes today that the
conservative movement needs to worry
about preventing from being corrected
yes
specifically today they didn't vote on
Brett Kavanaugh which they should have
done it's a disgrace that they've let
this go on it's a national disgrace
I've got to tell you if you look at
because a lot of this is on judiciary
but if you look at the Trump era you'll
know that we're living in the matrix
when Mitch McConnell and Lindsey Graham
are the toughest dealers in the
Republican caucus they're like tough as
nails those guys who could have ever
guessed that's one area the
Conservatives should not be so
conciliatory they should not seed
especially cultural ground the quote
from Chesterton is great because it's
using conservatism in the in the really
really narrow sense of just keeping the
Tidewater back as long as you can but we
should punch back we should fight back
we can do it the culture is on our side
the election of President Trump showed
us this the advent of the new media
before all of the tech companies tried
to censor us showed us that for decades
and decades the mainstream media had a
monopoly on information and we were all
just convinced I guess our whole country
is crazy and left-wing but the minute
that you get a little freedom in there
freedom of information freedom of
behavior you see that that is not the
case I think the American people are on
our side broadly and I think we should
fight and push hard because if the if
the election of Donald Trump has shown
us anything as the Conservatives should
never say never and there aren't many
things that are impossible if if we do
our homework and fight hard and fight
for things that are good good things for
the American people
that will make a safer richer more
prosperous and you know having a sane
policy abroad I think we can do it but
you've got to metal up like Lindsey baby
like Lindsey found his spine all right
thanks
I'm a computer science or Computer
Information science major what can
people getting into computers do to help
the conservative movement tweet you
should tweet I'm actually I am a Russian
bot so I don't know if you're a Russian
bot - but we could tweet that would be a
great idea it's very difficult to place
that you're in very often I get
questions from people in show business
who say should I tell people in show
business that I'm conservative to which
I say probably not if you want to work
Google showed us that that's probably
the same in tech my friends who were
attacked largely or left-wing those are
not hospitable places Jack Dorsey for
all intents and purposes is mitad that
he has a leftist culture Google fired
James dem war one question you'll have
to ask yourself as you get along in your
career is should you be open and public
and publicize your views or should you
lay a little bit lower I can't answer
that you probably know the answer to
that better than I do but I've been very
open with my views it's probably cost me
professionally in certain areas but I
don't really mind it but if you want to
actually work in that field you might
have to play a play a longer game you be
wise as a serpent and innocent as a dove
unfortunately today we have a lot of
people who are innocent of serpents and
why is this doves but you should do the
opposite and and I wish you luck and and
if you do make your way in there please
stop stop censoring my show stop it man
get them to let my show air all right
I what's your opinion on the lack of
action or deflection by the Pope on the
recent scandal in the church far be it
from me to criticize the Holy Father the
Pope the Pope a few years I think was a
couple years ago it's certainly in
recent memory was asked about we
conservative young Catholics and he said
all those young people they're too rigid
oh they're too rigid they should stop
being so rigid
you know Catholic super for the
extraordinary form or older liturgies or
older traditions he recently said that
homily is should not be 40 minutes long
they should be eight minutes long no
more than eight minutes the whole mass
should be 40 minutes long I suppose it
depends on who is celebrating the mass
you know this Pope talks and talks about
transparency he talks about how we need
to end clericalism and yet what happened
when Archbishop vigan Oh a respected
figure with nothing to gain publicly
revealed his testimony and accused the
Pope of being complicit in covering up
some of the sins of Cardinal McCarrick
former Cardinal McCarrick what happened
he said shut up two words he said shut
up he didn't use it and he said it in
his nice Papa Francesco way but he said
what is needed now is silence worse yet
he blamed the exposure of truth on the
devil but the devil does not expose
truth the devil is the Prince of Lies he
speaks his native language he's the
father of lies the truth is uncovered by
the Holy Spirit so there's a lot of
confusion there's been a lot of
confusion for a very long time and I
really hope and pray that the Holy
Father would take his own advice the
Holy Father has said that bishops can
resign the Pope's can resign I don't
know I I'm no expert on that but I wish
that the difference between what the
Pope says and what how the Pope behaves
and some of what the Pope says and
millennia of doctrine and tradition I
wish that they were a little bit closer
and
perhaps one shouldn't project perhaps
some of that reflection should fall on
the Holy Father himself
so I'm not sure how well you know the
work of Patrick Janine and some of these
other people who've kind of expels this
idea of illiberal ISM and this movement
on the right kind of against classical
liberalism and the reaction of classical
liberals on the right against that I was
wondering if you could speak to that
divided and if that's something we
should look for and is there a room for
people who are have this kind of ileum a
liberal view of democracy on the right
certainly
I quoted someone tonight who probably
wouldn't call himself a liberal he'd
call himself a conservative and that's
Michael Oakshott and he's been pushed to
the fringes of Education very few young
conservatives read him today in part cuz
he writes very British so it just goes
on and on and you know it's really hard
to track the sentence but in part
because what counts for the conservative
movement conservatism today has
basically become all liberalism and
that's a shame because there's there is
another school of thought there are
other schools of thought an excellent
book I would recommend is by my friend
Yoram Hasani called the virtue of
nationalism
yoram comes from the conservative wing
of the conservative movement so when I
talk to young conservatives very or even
old conservatives they'll say I'm a
concern so conservative that I'm a
liberal I'm a conservative because I'm a
liberal but there is a tradition that
goes back further our political
traditions and history did not begin 300
years ago they go back and much further
than that and I think finally that is
being heard
I think the Liberals lowercase L had a
monopoly on that discourse for a long
time and I think that's breaking right
now I think actually part of the Trump
phenomenon is breaking that a little bit
I don't know what Donald Trump thinks
ideologically but I think the fact of
his election is speaking to that there
there is much more to conservative
thought okay to use a hit that example
defines ideology as the formalized
abridgement of the supposed substratum
of rational truth contained in the
tradition a lot of classical liberals
could be guilty of that guilty of that
ideology and I think that we should
focus on that last part the tradition
there are institutions there are
traditions that we inherit that we
cannot formalize that we can't write in
the
that we can't put in a doctrine or a
manifesto those are worthwhile those
have endured they're not the oldest
thing in the world they're the newest
thing in the world because they've made
it through all of the lashings of
history we should revisit that and
conservatism and the conservative wing
of the conservative movement that's not
a dirty word that's not a bad thing
there are bad ideas that can be espoused
out of that just as there are bad ideas
that can be espoused out of liberalism
but it's it's a wonderful thing that
that's broken up and that we can we can
start exploring those ideas again I
wrote it down so you believe that we
should settle and be happy with what we
have yet those that settle are usually
those in a better situation countries
that colonize were happy with how life
was but colonies clearly weren't they
wanted a revolution sleeves were slavers
were happy with reality slaves weren't
men that could vote many times were
happy with how reality was but women
weren't the same with segregation black
men were not happy with the situation
but most men white people work so it
usually is that those most oppressed and
those that don't have the same benefits
are more liberal or those that feel that
someone else should have the same
benefits that they have they're usually
more liberal so why do you say we should
sell do you believe I told anybody to
settle I don't think so I'm an ambitious
fellow I think that you're all ambitious
people too and I believe I concluded my
speech by talking about the Liberty that
undergirds all of those simple joys of
being right because God made man free
and that's the essential fact of our
lives which is why when when one does
not have Liberty when one is enslaved
it's unnatural it's unnatural to the
human condition I would never tell
anybody to settle but I would say that
you should deal in the world as it is
for example to take any of your examples
if you're in some horrific oppressive
state let's use the example of North
Korea you're not going to overthrow that
state by living in a fantasy by
pretending that the world is different
than it is you're not going to get very
far at all but if you accept the world
as it is perhaps you can get out of
there Brad
you can put push on the levers of the
policy of other governments I've spoken
on my show to ji-sung ho he's the North
Korean defector who at the State of the
Union held his crutches up into the air
and said yeah you know he's this
unbelievable guy lost limbs of
oppression in North Korea couldn't eat
for days at a time his family died of
starvation
he made it across into China tracked
thousands of miles now he advocates on
behalf of dissidents if that man had
simply said well I don't like things the
way they are and I'm going to pretend
that it's otherwise he wouldn't have
been able to do that one has to gird
yourself with reality ballast yourself
with reality and then do what you like
there's nothing about that that says one
should tolerate some awful situation but
but you you won't get out of that
situation if you live in a fantasy
hey Michael so say Trump calls you and
says you're my top immigration adviser
what do we do now what what would you
say back this is very hard I'd say hey
man thanks for endorsing the book I a
place she appreciated we haven't talked
since then uh I've got three words do
you know what those three words are
gonna be oh yeah you know Hillary lost
build the wall build the wall he's done
he's done great on immigration he has
done great he's done great for a few
reasons one because it's a good policy
what he's doing actually enforcing the
law getting criminals out you know
hopefully discouraging people from
breaking the law coming in a terrible
system which imperils both the people
who do it and our own country undermines
our sovereignty exposes particularly
women and girls to horrific experiences
crossing that border illegally so it's a
great policy in itself it's also great
because he's enforcing the law so it
exposes Democrats as utterly lawless
they're saying we can't separate
children from their mothers well that's
not our fault there was that law was on
the books during the administration of
Hillary Clinton's husband she was
present for that for the Flores
agreement in 1997 though Clinton was the
princess nothing new we're just
enforcing them that is wonderful he's
done a great job he's been really firm
and he won't allow them to demagogue but
but you campaign on build the wall the
American people improbably elect you
president no political experience
whatsoever mostly because you would go
to places and you say build the wall and
everyone would say build the wall build
what are you doing that's like a sure
way to get reelected so I hope he does
it I and I hope you listened were you
listening mr. president I sometimes I go
on Fox & Friends which I refer to as my
breakfast with the president so maybe
then I'll say mr. president build a wall
I hope I hope he doesn't
hey it's a it's a tragedy that your
reversion came after you graduated Yale
because you missed out on an amazing
parish there but Thomas More I know
Saint Mary's Saint Mary's is epidemic in
this - the st. Thomas More that was
right next to where I lived okay yeah I
didn't go very many times okay so I
guess my question is I guess for the
bulk of our country's history Catholics
and evangelicals have pretty much always
been opposed and the past 40 years ever
since Roe versus Wade specifically we've
begun to become more and more combined
it's almost like a Christian Coalition
so to speak but aside from the issue of
abortion there still is a very strict
dividing line especially the issues of
contraception the death penalty is
becoming a larger dividing point I guess
what I'm wondering is if we do see Roe
vs. Wade overturned in the next six to
eight years do you think this coalition
so to speak is going to continue into
the future or do you see the division
increasing again
I certainly hope it does because in so
many ways the evangelicals have it right
and the Catholics in America have it
wrong
something like 51% I think of white
evangelicals attend church regularly and
then the number for black evangelicals
is slightly lower
the number for Catholics is 25% I think
something like that it's even obviously
it's lower for the mainline Protestants
that's like a tea Club at this point the
same with abortion half of American
Catholics support abortion that's not
very good numbers so I certainly hope
that coalition doesn't break up as for
the death penalty it has always been the
case that there has been legitimate
disagreement among Catholics on the
legitimacy of the death penalty or on
the B I'm sorry on the practice of the
death penalty not on the legitimacy of
the death penalty and our president Holy
Father seems to be dangerously close to
contradicting two millennia of church
teaching including the teachings of st.
Paul and and many others so I I would
hope that his recent changes to the
Catechism are not permanent and are not
intended to imply that the death penalty
is intrinsically evil which it is not
many Popes have killed many people and
it was perfectly right I forget which
Pope it is so I won't name him
but it was one of the Pope's at the end
of the papal States is finally they were
losing the territories and a criminal
who is to be executed asked for a
reprieve he said I cannot and I don't
want to give you a reprieve that's
perfectly fine that's my opinion on the
death penalty and so I end up but I hope
American Catholics get serious I will
leave you with a little hope on that
question which is that when you go to a
Latin Mass or an extraordinary forum the
pews are full these are people who are
practicing their faith there is a father
and a mother and kid kid kid kid
but I went to another church the other
day was a little more or loosey-goosey
and I showed up late you know I can't
get too much on my high horse and I try
to sneak into a Pew and I look and
there's a giant German Shepherd in the
Pew no kids and then I look there's a
little gap II dog starts barking at me
those are not kids those are animals
that's does not make a lot of sense
they've got things upside down but I
find those churches are emptying out
people don't go there for the acoustic
guitars and all of that kind of stuff I
think people want robust and serious
religion sober liturgy especially among
those young rigid people that the Holy
Father has talked about and so that
gives me a little bit of hope for the
future the trouble that we're gonna face
is that the largest religious group
among Millennials are the religiously
not affiliated one hopes that this is
just because they were raised without
religion and that they can have a
reversion or a conversion and go back to
true religion as they grow older but
that's going to be a fight that we we
need allies in and I think the
evangelicals have been tremendous allies
so far unfortunately I don't think roe v
wade is going to be overturned soon but
if it is I hope that coalition continues
all right and this will be our final
question for the night you better make
it good all right I I had a question
regarding the the government programs of
Social Security Medicare and Medicaid
so there's been research into how in the
next several years those programs are no
longer going to be able to be supported
by the current tax dollars by the
American people and eventually either
the government is going to have to
increase taxes somehow to pay for it and
I was wondering since this is an issue
that as young Americans we're gonna have
to be dealing with in the future do you
believe that this idea of the of these
big social programs by the government is
so ingrained that people are gonna just
keep it around or do you think that the
American people are are going to be able
to you know I guess promote a way to get
rid of them or something like no I think
they're here to stay I'm sort of sorry
to say and there's something
conservative about reforming you know
evolution not revolution not everything
needs to be obliterated and built up
from scratch again you can try to reform
certain things unfortunately this is the
great failure of Paul Ryan Paul Ryan was
so wonderful on this eight years ago now
he showed a lot of guts a lot of
political courage he took on the third
rail he tried to reform Medicare
Medicaid and Social Security the largest
driver of debt the biggest portion of
our budget and he failed he failed at it
and it's sad I wish he had succeeded I
think there were moments when it was
more plausible than others and it still
just didn't work out so eventually at
the present rate those security net
programs will not be around for us but
what will happen is I hope instead of
raising taxes we just for people under a
certain age which means you and me I'm
sorry to say we just lower the benefits
we changed the way that people
contribute to these programs in a way
that you get benefits out of them as
well it's kind of sad but somebody's got
to take responsibility and if older
generations won't then we have to do it
this of course does not mean we throw
granny off a cliff you can't you can't
throw granny off a cliff and we wouldn't
want to even if we
so we will just have to take
responsibility for ourselves and this is
frustrating because there's been a lot
of debt foisted on the millennial
generation and it's not fair and it's
not right but on the flip side of that
the culture has gotten so loose and
reckless particularly the millennial
generation that a little bit of
responsibility and a little unfairness
probably will do them some good landing
at Normandy wasn't fair for a generation
earlier we can at least deal with
tightening our belts a little and
getting fewer handouts from the
government so I'm I'm hoping that
hopefully that painful experience will
help reform the character of our
generation as well all right thank you
very much
