with President Trump visiting the Middle
East we here at the Andrew Clavin show
thought it would be interesting to
compare Trump's Middle East trip with
that of the last president what's his
name Obama writes hi it's hard to
remember now that his legacy has been
dumped like kitty litter into the
deodorized trash bag of history so where
was I
all right comparing Trump's trip to
president pajamas when President Osama
traveled to the Middle East in June of
2009 he bowed so low to the rulers there
it looked as if he were engaging in some
sort of submissive sexual act
journalists trying to explain away the
president's fawning civility in the
presence of tyrants twisted themselves
into complex positions that actually
were submissive sexual acts so the
entire visit looked something like a
daisy chain on a sadomasochistic porn
site and not that I've ever been on a
sadomasochistic porn site but I've heard
about them
conversely at the start of Trump's trip
an image of the president several
stories high was projected on the front
of palaces where obscenely wealthy
oligarchs live in garish luxury Trump
then left mar-a-lago and headed for
Saudi Arabia when President Bahama gave
his famous speech in Cairo Egypt he
apologized for American arrogance saying
quote I am so so sorry that we
thoughtlessly built our World Trade
Center in the exact spot where devout
Muslims were trying to fly their
hijacked jets it was a typical example
of how capitalist imperialism colonizes
even the airspace that is being used by
native cultures unquote the media
praised Obama's speech for extending the
open hand of friendship
to people who are only trying to live in
peace with all mankind after they first
slaughter the part of mankind they can't
live in peace with Donald Trump struck a
somewhat different note in his speech
saying quote Islamic extremists must be
destroyed and you better take care of
this because you don't want the task to
fall to me because look in my eyes I'm
crazy you know seriously read the New
York Times I am completely out of my
mind and if you annoy me I will kill
each and every one of you and spread
your radioactive ashes to the wind you
know I mean it I'm nuts just look at me
booga-booga unquote the assembled Saudi
leaders reacted by stampeding the exits
playing each other underfoot in their
desperation to escape the by now raving
commander-in-chief of the world's
largest nuclear arsenal
finally when Arama visited the Middle
East his worldly sophisticated wife
Rochelle whatever the hell her name was
wore a headscarf to demonstrate that we
as Americans are open-minded enough to
degrade ourselves in tribute to
oppressive cultures that wish to destroy
us Melania Trump on the other hand were
nothing on her head but that amazingly
silky cascade of golden brown hair while
showing off her mind rattling figure and
heartbreakingly shapely legs and frankly
after watching that shameless display of
profligate feminine freedom I think it's
possible we elected the wrong Trump
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
all right directly back from his trip to
the Middle East troll King Michael Abdul
Knowles is here disgust that's cuz the
craziness on campus as the as our
students graduate to gotten through the
world and find out they know absolutely
nothing about it after four years in
college and by the way the one thing
that nobody is talking about is how well
the economy is doing right now the stock
market is doing great unemployment is
down to almost nothing at this point
which means that if you run a business
you may soon want to be hiring people so
if you want your business to run like
The Daily wire what you do is you stand
outside your a strip joint in a raincoat
murmuring as people come out want a job
but if you would like your place to work
well you might want to try zip recruiter
dot-com with zip recruiter you can post
your job to one hundred-plus job sites
with just one click then their powerful
technology efficiently matches the right
people to your job better than anyone
else when it looks a lot different than
here I gotta say that's why zip
recruiter is different unlike other job
sites zip recruiter doesn't depend on
candidates finding you it finds them in
fact over 80% of jobs posted on zip
recruiter get a qualified candidate in
just 24 hours no juggling emails or
calls to your office simply screen rate
and manage candidates all in one place
with zip recruiters easy-to-use
dashboard unlike the people who work
here these are people who will not work
for drugs so you may have to pay them
but they are much much better find out
today why zip recruiter has been used by
businesses of all sizes to find the most
qualified job candidates with immediate
results and right now my listeners can
post jobs on zip recruiter for free
that's right free which is really really
inexpensive you just go to zip recruiter
comm slash daily wire that's a zip
recruiter comm slash daily wire one more
time to try it for free go to zip
recruiter comm slash daily wire that is
even cheaper than a subscription to the
daily wire which is cheap in in and of
itself because it's only 8 lousy bucks a
month so I think you know Trump is now
in Israel but I still want to talk about
one of the things that happens with
Trump is everything goes by so fast that
by this
you want to talk about one thing it's
new news but I think it's worth taking a
look back at this speech that he gave in
Saudi Arabia and the first thing I want
to talk about is Melania I have to say
you know I usually keep first ladies out
of all my commentary because I think
that being a wife is hard to begin with
and then you're stuck being the wife of
the president and everything you do is
representative but you know when Donald
Trump had that line when somebody said
something about Putin is a bad guy cuz
he kills people and Donald Trump said
well we all kill people you know it's
however everybody kills me like I really
went after Trump for that I thought that
was really so far was the low point of
his presidency because it misunderstood
the difference between them and us what
is the difference between them and us no
we don't you know are journalists as
much as we may hate them do not get
defenestrated right they don't go out
the window like Putin's enemies do so
but then when Nancy Pelosi went to the
Middle East and she wore a headscarf she
said the same thing she said exactly the
same thing she said oh well you know we
only just recently let women do anything
you know I mean it's it's nonsense we
are different and as Melania is
represented representative of the ladies
of this country and as a representative
of the ladies representative of all of
us I'm really glad that she did not
count out to the you know wear the
headscarf obviously that's a decision
that probably goes right up the line
everybody has to sign on to that
decision
she looked marvelous I thought she
looked and I was proud to have it there
and you know this is this is true of
everything about the Obama
administration looking back is we score
Trump rightly when he said oh well we
kill people too but that was Obama's
entire attitude his entire attitude was
oh yes we've all make mistakes but now
I'm here you know now I'm here it was
not it was not that as America is an
example to the world in human rights it
was I am an example to the world in
human rights but the rest of us have all
made mistakes so when we look at Trump's
speech we have to think first about what
he is walking into you can't you can't
judge something unless you know what
it's for right you have to say you can't
say oh this you know this wine this
corkscrew is a good or bad corkscrew
until you know it's meant to pull the
corks out of bottles right so
what was Trump trying to do and you have
to remember that Obama left the Middle
East in a shambles and it was on him I'm
not saying that he could have he could
have you know brought the Middle East to
peace I'm not saying he could have
solved all the problems but he made
everything worse and how did he make it
worse he made it worse because like the
little pots of a college professor he
was he had a theory and the theory had
nothing to do with reality and when he
found out it had nothing to do with
reality he demanded that reality adhere
to his theory his theory was that all we
had to do was make nice to it with Iran
and in order to make nice with Iran that
meant you had to leave our allies and
the dust Israel Saudi Arabia Egypt he
had to dis him because what we had to do
is bring Iran into the praat into the
process you know once we bring a ran
into the process once we negotiate this
wonderful new nuclear deal they're going
to see that we all you know we're all
together in this the problem is is that
is complete narcissism the idea that
people don't act on their for their own
reasons have perfectly the people in the
Middle East who want to kill us have
perfectly good reasons in their mind why
they want to kill us it has nothing to
do with how we behave except for the
fact that we don't kowtow to them so
Obama's idea was he was going to you
know turn his back on Israel gonna turn
his back on Saudi Arabia and basically
no problem with Islam anybody who says
anything is wrong with Islam is nuts
and he turned Iran into this raving
nuclear bound power that has everybody
terrified now the good side of that of
course is that because everybody's
terrified suddenly Israel doesn't look
so bad suddenly America doesn't look so
bad suddenly they're thinking hmm maybe
maybe we ought to rearrange this so
Trump is going over there to remind
people that he is going to redirect
America's feet to the Sunni so I took
the streets I shouldn't have said that
that was terrible oh but but if you just
look at his speech for a minute what
what you see was that he was he was
trying to re-establish right it wasn't
I'm like I don't think was a great
speech wasn't stare down that wall
speech he was just trying to reestablish
that we are going to be in you know in
alliance we
Saudi Arabian everybody said everybody
said all this stuff that was watching
the commentary on the right the
commentary on the left was well ok it
wasn't as bad as his campaigns you know
his campaign he was all I hate Muslims I
hate Muslims but now at least he didn't
say that bah bah bah bah bah but on the
right it was but what you know he said
it's not a clash of civilizations but it
is a clash of civilizations you know it
is a class of course it's a clash of
civilizations and it's course of course
it's about religion but what do we gain
by going over and saying that because
the thing about a clash of cultures is
it's not gonna end with one of our
cultures disappearing ok it's not gonna
end with Dresden in ruins and the Nazis
surrendering you know and all this stuff
that's not what's gonna happen you will
know who wins this clash I'll tell you
how you'll know ok when rich guys in
Silicon Valley start saying you know
I've become a Muslim recently you know I
really find that Islam is you know
that's it's I'm not I'm not a radical
Islam you know when God when guys like
Mark Zuckerberg started becoming Muslim
you'll know we lost ok when women in
Saudi Arabia can wear skirts you'll know
we've won and that's how this works so a
lot of this has to do with persuasion
and what Trump did was he essentially
sought to isolate the terrorists within
the context of their being Islamic
terrorists he called them he said he
didn't they said he didn't mean say
Islamic extremist he meant to say
Islamist extremist but he said Islamic
extremists and and this is let me just
let me talk about how he talked about
play cut number four that means honestly
confronting the crisis of Islamic
extremism and the Islamists and Islamic
terror of all kinds we must stop what
they're doing to inspire because they do
nothing to inspire but kill and we are
having a very profound effect if you
look at what's happened recently and it
means standing together against the
murder of innocent Muslims the
oppression of women
the persecution of Jews and the
slaughter of Christians religious
leaders must make this absolutely clear
barbarism will deliver you know glory
piety to evil will bring you no dignity
if you choose the path of terror your
life will be empty your life will be
brief and your soul will be fully
condemned you know I'm sorry but that is
good stuff to me because what he is
saying is you know you're their funding
in Saudi Arabia they to keep the fat
cats in power and keep the people quiet
they funded these Wahhabi my mosques
that preach this nonsense to people and
he is saying no you have got to stop
you've got to start preaching that this
is not part of our religion you know
he's just to go over there to want him
to go over there and say you know we
have to wipe Islam off the face it's
just not realistic it's silly but he did
isolate that this was Islam extremist he
essentially said this is a problem in
the house of Islam and I've always said
there are two possibilities of that
Islam extremism is either a natural
outgrowth from Islam itself or it's a
cancer on Islam it's one of the other
one of the other I'd like to hear it
debated by experts my instinct is
because every Islamic country is
oppressive every single one tends toward
tyranny my instinct is that it may in
fact be a natural outgrowth out of the
Koran but I I won't say it you know I
think there's still an open question I'd
like to hear it debated that's my
instinct but I don't want him to go over
and say that I don't think that
accomplishes what he needs to accomplish
I think he needs to re-establish our
relationship with Saudi Arabia that
we're gonna have to get together and
work on this and we expect to see this
from him you know he's Trump is a
natural isolationist he wants to stay
out of foreign wars which is an old
conservative principle the way
conservatives used to be before
neoconservatism and I think he is
willing to stay with that as long as
that's a realistic thing I want to talk
a little bit more about this but first I
want to talk about the lousy way you're
dressed I mean look at yourself but put
your chin on your chest and
down on yourself especially if you're a
guy is one of the things I have noticed
it in this office I have to say but I've
noticed actually a lot of my friends
have said this is that women come to
work and they dress
they look nice they know that they're
you know that you are judged on the way
you look and guys especially guys just
out of college that's not true as they
get a little older but guys just out of
college come in with you know the
sneakers and the hoodies and all this
stuff and you know I get it I get it we
don't wear suits and ties anymore but
you know you look better in a suit you
look better in a suit and you look
better if the suit is tailored to you
and that is why you might want to check
out in de Qi no custom menswear because
this is a way especially if you're
starting out but for anybody this is a
way you can get bespoke suits suits
measured exactly for you at a lesser
price right it's making makes it easy to
do it you go online you can you can get
you have your spouse measure you get
your measurements and send them the
measurements or you can go into your
local shop that's what I did I went into
a local shop that they have in Beverly
Hills just a small place and you go in
and they do all the measurements they
want and then they have them on file so
all you have to do is go on the website
and order what you want and you get to
pick everything and get to be completely
construct even your shirt you get to
construct what kind of collar you want
do you want a pocket do you want what
kind of cuffs do you want and you can
really customize the whole thing and it
is made directly for you you will look
so much better than you look right now
because I mean let's face it look at you
I can see you from here and it's
disgusting this week my listeners can
get any premium Indo Chino suit for just
three hundred and seventy nine dollars
if you know anything about buying
clothes you know that is an amazing
price you go to India Chino calm and
enter Clavin to check out that's que la
vie aan and this is 50% off the regular
price for a made-to-measure
premium suit and the shipping is free
Indo Chino calm the promo code is
clayvin que la VA and the am for any
premium suit for just three hundred and
seventy nine dollars and free shipping
it's an incredible deal for a suitable
fit you better than anything off the
rack ever could
you'll look a lot better so let's just
finish this up and then we will get to
Michael knows we got to say goodbye to
Facebook and YouTube but come on over to
the daily wire comm and while you're
there subscribe for
Laozi eight bucks a month and then you
can watch the whole thing there
