well the hearing wrapped up earlier
earlier tonight and I did watch the
entire thing and I feel exhausted after
watching it I can only imagine how Brett
Kavanaugh feels considering here was the
one on the grill as it were now what
I'll say is and I'll echo what what what
Brett Kavanaugh said in his in his
stirring and compelling an incredible
opening speech and also what some
Republicans said and what and what
Lindsey Graham said and I feel like at
the very beginning I have to begin by
retracting every negative comment I've
ever made about Lindsey Graham and
unfortunately it's quite a lot of
retracting because I've made a lot of
negative comments about it but he lion
if you haven't watched that yet go and
there are plenty of clips of it online
but he during during Cavanaugh's hearing
he will get to that in a minute but he
he jumped in and launched into one of
the maybe the greatest rant by a
politician I've ever seen but I want to
echo what he said and say that the whole
thing was a sham and a circus and a
charade an utter disgrace I think the
entire thing this whole the last two
weeks culminating in this in this
hearing I think it all adds up to
certainly the lowest point in modern
American political history maybe the
lowest point in American political
history period it was just it's the kind
of thing where you watch it and you say
to yourself well there's really no
healing this country is there if this is
how far we've fallen and if you have one
side of the political aisle that this is
how evil they are and they have just so
completely detached themselves from any
semblance of morality integrity honesty
basic human decency and they will do
literally anything literally anything to
destroy the people who come against them
if that's where we are then and more
than that more concerning that if we
have half of the
country about who could watch something
like that you know can sit down and
watch all of that and see what's
happened over the last two weeks and see
all of that and say yeah this is fair
this is right this is how it should be
those kinds of people I just what
they're living in a different universe
from many and frankly you know watching
the hearing I all I kept thinking to
myself is not watching these Democrats
and their and their despicable
disgraceful performance all I could
think of I am ashamed to share a country
with these people I wish that I did not
have to share a country with them and
the really incredible thing is that like
I said I watched all eight hours of it
so this was eight hours about I think if
I'm doing method but eight hours of a
hearing which was ostensibly to
investigate and talk about a sexual
assault allegation but the incredible
thing is that in eight hours and all of
the many questions that were asked
almost none of the questions were
actually about the sexual assault itself
almost none of them Kristine Ford was up
there and of course the Democrats didn't
ask her any questions just every time
they had a chance they they took the
opportunity to commend her on her
bravery and then do a little campaign
speech and the Republicans outsourced
their questioning to a to a to a sex
crimes prosecutor who oddly enough
showed little interest in talking about
the alleged sex crime and figuring out
whether or not it actually happened
which or at least whether or not Brett
Kavanaugh was the one who committed it
which is why she was there instead she
spent a lot of time talking about
Christine Ford's travel arrangements and
just all kinds of questions about what
what she was doing in the last three
months instead of get honed homing in on
what was gone what happened or didn't
happen during the time in question in
1982 or whenever that's you know events
supposedly occurred now so at the
beginning this was it was to start with
with with Christine Ford it was at this
faster for the Republicans in their
decision their decision not only to
outsource it to this woman who I'm sure
is very good at her job but she just was
not doing what she needed to do in this
situation but not only that but the
format that they set up which was the
prosecutor could develop a line of
questioning and then that line of
questioning would be punctuated every
five minutes by a campaign speech from a
Democrat it was just uh it was a total
disaster
going through it one by one let's talk
about four then we'll talk about capital
now Ford she came across as competent
and credible her performance was in
parts stirring it was emotionally
involving right and so if we're
evaluating her testimony rationally and
objectively now for evaluating her
testimony emotionally then you went away
from it thinking well Brett Kavanaugh
was guilty as hell until he got up there
and then he was emotional too but we'll
get that in a second if you're
evaluating it rationally and objectively
however her testimony was insufficient
and the entire presentation from the
Democrats was grossly insufficient now
Democrats know that most Americans do
not evaluate things rationally
objectively but in fact evaluate things
emotionally which is why after Christine
Ford's testimony Democrats were feeling
really good because they knew that
didn't matter there were no facts no
evidence nothing that didn't matter they
had a motion on their side well then
Brett Kavanaugh went in there and he had
some emotion of his own to show but
through her opening statement and her
interactions with the Democrat senators
and a little bit with her interactions
with the with the prosecutor that was
hired by Republicans although like I
said she didn't really focus at all on
the actual subject but Christine Ford
she retold basically the same story we
already read in the Washington Post a
little additional information was
provided
she says she remembers with 100%
certainty that Brett Kavanaugh assaulted
her she also remembers and was given the
opportunity to repeat by Democrats they
went back to this line several times
they would
to it but she said she remembers the
laughter of Kavanagh and Mark judge now
there's a reason by the way she said she
remembers the the red Cavanaugh she
remembers the laughter they're laughing
while they were doing this she also
remembers the stairwell and she says she
remembers that the house was sparsely
furnished and those are really the only
details that she remembers Democrats
kept going back to the laughter they
wanted to her to keep bringing it up
because that's just it's an emotional
appeal whether it's true or not whether
Brett Kavanaugh was in there laughing or
not just the image of two guys laughing
as a sexual assault a girl it's a very
disturbing image whether or not it's a
true image of course Democrats don't
care about that whatsoever it's just a
disturbing image and they want you to
have that disturbing image in your head
but all of those details she remembers
and she remembers all those details
apparently with with absolute certainty
but the really important detail she
doesn't they're after her testimony a
number of enormous questions still
remained like number one when did this
happen number two where did it happen
number three how did she get to the
place where it happened number four how
did she get home number five who else
was there now that the the the last two
questions are very important and the
question about and I'm just you know
saying to my wife is we were watching
this hearing and I was a guy kept saying
why the prosecutor she needs to come
back and focus on this for a minute the
fourth question about how did she get
home it's a very important question she
said she didn't have her driver's
license at the time work she was 15
years old she says okay and the driving
age was was 16 and she's sure that she
didn't have a driver's license all right
well according to her she rushed out of
the house after she had just been
assaulted by two boys
she lived some miles from the country
club where this happened and according
to a map that was presented by the
prosecutor I'm blanking on her name or I
would use her name
Mitchell I think according to a map
presented by Mitchell she was probably
about six to eight
or so from the from the Country Club so
that means that somebody drove her home
okay so just think about this for a
second you've got a 15 year old girl now
it this is let's just go with Christine
Ford's version of events here for men
you've got a 15 year old girl who was
just assaulted at a party she said she
thought she was going to die she thought
they were going to rape her she was
traumatized she runs out of the house
fearing for her life we imagine she's
probably crying now she leaves
oh shoot she exits the door and then
apparently that's when her memory cuts
off right there she remembers all of
that vividly soon as she acts exits the
door no memory has no memory but there's
this whole other part where somebody she
would have had to somehow call somebody
or maybe she had a prearranged for
someone a meet her I don't know but
somehow she communicated with somebody
right after this happened and she got in
their car moments after just being
sexually assaulted moments after fearing
that she was about to be killed by two
boys who were trying to rape her as a 15
year old girl she gets into the car and
she drives home this person whoever that
person is is an extremely crucial
witness because they can testify to her
demeanor her mental state I mean what
was she like when you picked her up
because if she was perfectly normal and
bubbly and happy and everything was fine
then it's just impossible to believe
that she was just moments ago sexually
assaulted and she thought almost killed
but if she was crying if she was
disturbed if she was you know something
was seriously wrong
well that's very compelling evidence yet
she can't tell us who picked her up she
can't give us that name so it's
Democrats were pushing a Brett Kavanaugh
when he was up there and they were
pushing you know they wanted to know
about this mark a judge character why
isn't he testified nobody ever pressed
Christine Ford who picked you up moments
after you were supposedly sexually
assaulted who was it and can
we speak to them that question
incredibly was never asked the point was
not visited at all and it to me look I'm
sorry I just I don't believe that
Christine for doesn't remember driving
home from a sexual assault I just don't
believe I I have plenty people have said
that sexual assault when that happens
your memory can be spotty so I'll defer
to the people that have gone through
that they say your memory can be spotty
fine but but you're telling me that
there's just a total cut off right there
you remember everything vividly the
stairwell the furnishing the laughter
the bathroom you remember the layout of
the house you remember all of that you
remember rushing out of the house then
you get out and you're inside the house
you have no recollection whatsoever of
what happened as soon as you were
outside the door I just don't believe
that I feel like she's omitting
something for some reason and we should
know what that reason is and what's
being omitted and the prosecutor should
have asked her she should have said miss
miss mrs. Florrick what's your so you
you what rut ran out of the house you
don't remember what happened next what
is your next memory what's the next
thing you remember right after that do
you remember something from that night
do you remember something from a week
later I mean what the question was never
asked it was an important question
the other question that we still don't
have an answer to it's very important is
is what about all the other people at
the party because we know that the
witnesses that she named have denied it
have refuted her allegations have said
that they have no memory of it or in
fact the party never occurred so we need
to know about that but we also need to
know and again this was not focused on
or honed in on the prosecutor Mitchell
alluded to it but you're at a party you
say it's a small quiet gathering and in
fact judge and Cavanaugh according to
you are the only ones there that are
completely plastered right
just a few people well then you would
say that you were sexually assaulted in
a room upstairs
what were the other people doing during
this time did they not hear the racket
did they not wonder where these three
people went your friends that were there
did they wonder why you disappeared into
a bedroom with two drunk boys they
didn't ask you about it in school the
next day didn't ask you about it when
you came downstairs
they said so three people disappear into
a bedroom at this it is quiet gathering
the two boys emerge the girl runs out of
the house nobody ever asks her about it
ever and says what happened to you again
it's an unanswered question so the
effect was you know three hours of
testimony from from Christine Ford and
we got no closer to the truth now
Cavanaugh on an emotional level
Cavanaugh behaved exactly as an innocent
man would and should behave after being
dragged through the mud and slandered by
political con artists I was very worried
after watching the Fox interview I was
critical of him and I said that you know
his performance just didn't cut it there
he was way too reserved was what he's
holding himself back way too much he was
not acting like a person should act if
they're innocent and have been accused
of this and are being the victor
families are being victimized by
coordinated smear campaign and their
whole lives and their families
everything is ruined he wasn't acting
like like that in the Fox interview well
at the at the hearing he acted like that
he came out swinging he was angry to
find indignant he was on the offensive
he wasn't suffering the Democrat fools
he didn't sit back politely while they
continued with their character
assassination he didn't do that and it
was great it was exactly what it needed
to be and I thought look emotionally you
see Christine Ford and you're just a
good and evaluating emotionally without
any biases and you see that you're okay
well you sympathize with her well then
you see you see Ford are you see
Kavanagh how can you not sympathize with
him man was emotional angry I got choked
up at various different points talking
about his daughter and how this is
affected her talking about his parents
talking about I was life has been
affected it just was it came across
extremely authentic and sincere which
was the most important thing and in my
view you know even better than then
Cavanaugh's opening statement which was
gripping but I really liked with a
contentious and almost flippant way that
he handled the embarrassing lines of
questions from Democrats because that's
exactly how an innocent man would act
and should act when when they would
involve our yearbook scribblings and
inside jokes from his teenage years are
being used to paint them as a serial
gang rapists I mean the Democrats were
up there asking about you know fart
jokes that he made in high school and
going back a time and time again asking
Judge Cavanaugh did you drink beer yes I
did well yes but did you drink beer yes
I did well but you drank beer yes I mean
you were consuming beer in high school
were you not consuming beer yes I did
well but look stop for a minute what
about beer did you consume that and just
over and over and over again they spent
three hours asking about beer jokes that
he made listen if you can be penalized
legally for inside jokes that you have
with your friends as a 17 year old boy
well then I'm gonna be on death row okay
if the the content of your inside jokes
and of your you know general demeanor as
a 17 year old boy can be held against
you then then I'm in a lot of trouble I
think I think a lot of I think a lot of
guys are in trouble because teenage boys
can tend to be vulgar yes sometimes they
can drink beer they can you know that's
just how they are but the really
important thing is
with the evidence you know Ford had no
material evidence no witnesses she could
provide very few details Cavanaugh on
the other hand had material evidence in
the form of his 1982 calendars he had
witnesses to refute the allegations
against him he could provide many
details it's a stark contrast between
Christine Ford who couldn't say yet
didn't know what I mean she couldn't
even recount information and details
from conversations she had in the last
three months meanwhile Brett Kavanaugh
was like okay well this was where I was
I can tell you where it was on like July
2nd 1982 and he had his calendar and you
can do him he was very organized in that
way you know they say that you can't
prove a negative you can't a man cannot
prove that he didn't do something
especially he can't prove that he didn't
do something 35 years ago well Brett
Kavanaugh came about as close to
clearing that hurdle as any person
possibly ever could okay so we're left
with two options okay either one of
these people cabin our Ford our
sociopathic Liars who can cry on command
and summon very convincing but fake
emotions on live television so there's
social death of liars and they're great
great actors both of those things that's
one option one of those you know what
option is that one of the two of them is
that or they're both telling basically
the truth as they see it okay now that's
if the second option is is is correct
that means that Christine Ford is
mistaken it means that or it could mean
that she's embellishing slightly I mean
there could be there could be some
slight embellishments and so forth on
both ends so Christine Ford could be a
Bella Shing maybe Brett Kavanaugh could
be I mean he kept being who's
cross-examined about how much beer he
drank he was obviously trying to
downplay that but really who cares how
much beer you drank anyway so but that's
that's basically the option you have is
it either one of them is a totally line
or they're both basically recounting
things as they remember it and Christine
for just remembers it incorrectly or has
has these years later after having some
kind of experience with somebody she's
now kind of put Brett Kavanaugh face on
the situation which is a possibility but
if we're gonna go with the option that
one of these people is a liar which I'm
not saying that I go with that option
but if you do I don't see how you can
hang the liar label on the guy that has
all of the what evidence and all of the
witnesses to back him up so that's it
judge Kavanagh has been run through the
gauntlet
he's been subjected to the worst smear
campaign in American political history
the Democrat Party is as I've been
saying now truly truly deeply evil with
no regard for truth or human decency
whatsoever and Brett Kavanaugh has
withstood that he's still standing and
if anybody has ever earned a job ever I
think he has earned this job on the
Supreme Court then he needs to be
confirmed that's my that's my Rapid
Reaction take I'll talk to you guys
tomorrow
