according to ABC News President Trump
will sign an executive order today to
investigate voter fraud the executive
order would create a commission staffed
by Vice President Mike Pence in Kansas
secretary of state Kris Kobach to
investigate election integrity ABC News
reports quote the Commission which will
include Republicans and Democrats will
be tasked with studying vulnerabilities
in u.s. voting systems and potential
effects on improper voting fraudulent
voter registrations and fraudulent
voting according to one official with
knowledge of the announcement this is a
fine notion voter fraud is indeed a
serious problem and threatens election
integrity
despite Democratic claims to the
contrary more specifically the
possibility of widespread voter fraud
remains a problem even though evidence
of actual fraudulent ballots being cast
is relatively scanty as the daily wire
has reported in 2012 the Pew Research
Center found the following there were
almost 24 million active voter
registrations in the United States
either invalid or inaccurate almost two
million dead Americans were still in the
active voting list 12 million voter
records riddled with incorrect addresses
or other errors almost 2.75 million
voters were registered in over 1 state
and it does not take widespread voter
fraud to shift an election the passage
of Obamacare which relied on the
replacement of Republican senator Norm
Coleman of Minnesota with Al Franken
rested on a three hundred twelve vote
recount margin in favor of Franken
according to the Minnesota majority a
conservative watchdog group quote at
least 341 convicted felons voted in
Minneapolis as Hennepin County the
state's largest another 52 voted
illegally in st. Pauls Ramsey County the
state's second largest Dan McGrath head
of Minnesota majority says the only
conclusive matches were included in the
group's total number of felons voting in
those two counties alone exceeds mr.
Franken victory margin the same held
true in 2004 s Washington state
gubernatorial election with Democrat
christine Gregoire defeating Republican
Dino Rossi by a hundred and twenty nine
votes some 1,400 felons voted illegally
in that election at least 55 thousand
ballots were enhanced and the Secretary
of State certified election results in
at least five counties or more votes
were cast and there were voters
according to Bob Williams of the
Evergreen Freedom Foundation a single
vote cast illegally means someone else's
vote has been cancelled out so it's
about time we looked at voter fraud with
that said the media will now attempt to
quash any real investigation into voter
fraud based on president Trump's wild
over statement of voter fraud during the
2016 election cycle Trump announced
after his electoral college victory in
2016 he'd actually won the popular vote
- except for three million votes cast
illegally for Hillary said well you can
never find you know they're going to be
no matter what numbers we come up with
they're gonna be lack of paypal that did
things we're not going to find out about
that's what Trump said in January but we
will find out because we need a better
system where that can't happen that
means that Trump's rhetoric will once
again smear a good cause and allow the
media to reopen an idiotic conversation
with Trump about whether he believes you
on the popular road and because Trump is
pathologically incapable of avoiding a
perceived slight he'll take the bait get
ready for two more weeks of talk about
how Trump was actually jobs in the
popular vote even though we should be
focusing on the real necessity of voter
ID and cleansing voter rolls in order to
draw Democrats Trump is apparently
including language about voter
suppression - even though there's no
proof of voter suppression across the
country whatsoever that will get
Democrats on board and allow them to
propagandize about how voter ID actually
prevents people from voting so bottom
line
it's good the Trump is looking at voter
fraud it's too bad that Donald Trump is
the one is actually doing it i'm ben
shapiro this is the ben shapiro show
oh it's Urinetown USA because the weeks
are everywhere they're everywhere ever
that everything has opened up the skies
have opened the leaks are pouring down
and now we have many theories as to why
FBI director James Comey was actually
fired but most of the evidence seems to
support you guessed it
my theory from yesterday as to why it is
that James Comey was fired we'll talk
about all of that in just one second but
first we want to say thank you for
sponsors over at policy genius.com so if
you are somebody who is in need of life
insurance and let's face it if you are
alive and you have debt or if you're
alive and you don't have debt and you're
afraid that your family will have data
if you die you need policy genius.com
you can save over 40% on other life
insurance policies when you go to policy
genius.com if placed over five billion
dollars in life insurance for people
like you
I myself have life insurance I think my
company has life insurance on me as well
a good thing that I get along with my
company so they can't kill me but in any
case policy genius.com will make sure
you have life insurance you should as a
responsible human being you should have
life insurance so that whether it's your
spouse or your children or your parents
people around you aren't left
financially unstable because of your
death and that's why you need life
insurance go over to policy genius com
they are the best online life insurance
marketplace they cut out the middleman
it's basically an open bidding system
for people to give you the best policies
they have a license customer service
team as well to help you find the best
policy at the best price and there's no
interest in upselling it's just about
bringing you the best policy at the best
price just for you you're going to save
over 40% off other life insurance
policies go to policy genius comm today
and get that 40% discount off of other
prices for life insurance because that's
just what their competitive system does
policy genius Campillo li cy g en i us
calm policy genius calm no jargon no
sales pressure no hassle and that's
going to make sure that you have life
insurance that you desperately need and
a huge person having 30 percent of US
households don't have life insurance
that's absurd you should have life
insurance and you should make sure that
your loved ones do as well policy
genius.com okay so obviously the news of
the day continues to be the fallout from
the firing of FBI director james comey
and now we have leaks aplenty so they're
really two big stories that came out
maybe three that have come out full of
leaks about Trump firing Comey
and one thing is absolutely clear the
original explanation for why the
administration fired coming
in Albany waters the original
explanation was you know the step UT
Attorney General Ron Rosenstein you
showed up 14 days ago and then you
decided you know Comey had to go so he
wrote us a memo unprompted in which he
said that Comey had to go and we took
his advice and we fired James Comey
that's horseman or everyone who is
Horseman or from the first day
the problem with rolling out a bad story
is now it makes people believe the worst
when you say something that isn't true
it makes people immediately jump to the
worst possible conclusion as opposed to
the more realistic but not so great
conclusion which is probably what
actually happen so it's pretty clear now
that Ron Rosenstein was not the guy
behind the firing there have been
multiple reports that Trump basically
had decided decided to fire Comey last
week and then he called Ron Rosenstein
and Attorney General Jeff Sessions into
his office and said come up with some
sort of letter that's a pretext for
firing him and Rosenstein did what a
good soldier is supposed to do he wrote
this letter apparently there was a
report yesterday the DOJ is now denying
that Rosenstein actually threatened to
resign yesterday because he was so
ticked off that the Trump White House
seemed to be blaming him for commis
Alistair bottom line this was handled
about as badly as you can handle any
issue like this I was listening to Dana
Perino
and Chris Tyrells podcast which is worth
listening to and Dana who knows a hell
of a lot about White House
communications she was saying the people
she feels bad for in all of this are the
members of the White House
communications staff were given about
half an hour notice that this was
happening maybe and then were forced to
scramble and then Trump gets pissed off
when they don't have a good cover story
which is his fault because he was going
to force them to scramble but the real
question remains why exactly was he
fired so the story from the White House
continues to be he was fired because he
did a bad job so here's Sarah Huckabee
Sanders who's supposed to be good at
this right she's supposed to be better
than Sean Spicer is there rumors
yesterday that Trump hates how Sean
Spicer has handled this so he's thinking
about firing Spicer to everybody is
basically on the hook with Trump if you
do something he doesn't like he'll fire
you all he demands is loyalty which is
one of the stories we'll talk about
there's a story that James Comey was
fired because he refused to guarantee
Trump his personal loyalty in any case
here is Sarah Huckabee Sanders making an
insane case as to why James Comey was
fired I think also having a letter like
the one that he received and having that
conversation that outlined the basic
just atrocities in
circumventing the chain of command in
the Department of Justice any person of
legal mind and authority knows what a
big deal that is particularly in the
Department of Justice particularly for
somebody like the Deputy Attorney
General who has been part of the Justice
Department for thirty years none of this
makes any sense first of all you don't
use word atrocities about legal errors
okay atrocities like for atrocity is for
like the Holocaust or My Lai or Syria
gassing people atrocity is not he went
out in public and said something about
about Hillary Clinton Loretta Lynch like
that I'm sorry it doesn't rise to the
level atrocity that's just silly the
case that she's making his comb he's bad
at his job
yes Comey was bad at his job guess who's
been saying that for a year mm-hmm
that's right it was me
so I've been saying for years Comey is
absolutely crappy at his job but the
question isn't why he was fired the
question is why he was fired now and the
answer clearly is not something that
happened last July so that story has no
veracity whatsoever Jake Tapper presents
another story so now you've got a bunch
of anonymous sources leaking and here's
the thing to know about anonymous
sources they're anonymous we don't know
who they are and we don't know what
their agenda is and we don't know
whether they have any specialized
knowledge as to why Comey was fired we
don't know whether they're speaking from
personal knowledge what's actually going
on in the investigation or whether they
are speaking based on speculation at the
FBI
you know anonymous sources are useful
and you have to use them in journalism
because a lot of people are afraid of
speaking with their name on the record
because they're afraid they're going to
get fired for it so anonymous sources
our common use but the problem is when
you have a thousand anonymous sources
coming forward you sort of have to take
everything with a grain of salt until
further information is confirmed the
media is not doing that Jake Tapper
yesterday reported what an anonymous
source had said about why Comey was
fired now if this is true then Trump
will be impeached okay but if it's not
true then where is it even coming from
there are two reasons why president
Trump fired Comey one commis refusal to
provide the president with any sort of
assurance of personal loyalty and two
the fact that the FBI's investigation
into possible prompting collusion with
Russia in the 2016 election that's still
not only an active investigation it's
actually accelerating so basically the
theory here is that Comey wouldn't
provide Trump with his assurance of
personal loyalty you can see some of
that in Trump's letter right the idea
that
had told him that he was off the hook
three times but that he wouldn't go out
publicly and say the Trump was off the
hook three times or even one time so
that is actually there's some veracity
to that second claim is the one that
matters and that's the one Democrats are
hopping on today this is a Democrats
coming out and saying that the decision
to fire Comey is really about
obstructing the Russian investigation
now here's the part that's crazy about
this
there's an entire FBI out there that's
still doing the investigation there's no
evidence whatsoever that the
investigation will actually be quashed
in fact what Trump has now done is he
brought more focus to the investigation
not less focused an investigation either
through incompetence or stupidity or
because he didn't care but whatever the
whatever the bottom line is more people
now care about the Trump Russia
investigation than cared about it two
days ago so the idea that he killed the
investigation is just silly towns
there's a lot of call for a special
prosecutor special prosecutor I think is
a bad idea the reason a special
prosecutor is a bad idea is because once
you put a special prosecutor on a case
the special prosecutor will stay there
and dig and dig and dig until they find
something whether or not it is really
related to the key components of the
story so Kenneth Starr will continue to
dig on Clinton until he comes up with
Lewinsky and Patrick Fitzgerald will
continue to dig on the Valerie Plame
scandal until he comes up with scooter
libby who's not even involved in the
Valerie Plame scandal you put a special
prosecutor on this thing and that person
will just dig in dig and dig and dig
until they come up with something that
is not even related and just cast a
cloud of suspicion over everything the
best possible outcome here is for Trump
to appoint somebody at the FBI who's
considered sort of bipartisan who isn't
going to be just a Trump Lackey if he
appoints chris Christie or Rudy Giuliani
people are going to scream bloody murder
as well they ought if you appoint
somebody like Mike Lee was suggesting
Merrick garland who is you recall was
was Barack Obama's last Supreme Court
nomination if he appoints somebody who
has credibility with Democrats is going
to be very hard for Democrats to make
the claim that this was all giant
cover-up crazy attempt by Trump to to
kill the Russia investigation but
Democrats are out over their skis today
they're trying to push frumpy treatment
without any sort of evidence here's
Richard Blumenthal a guy that that Trump
is now calling me I guess he's he's
saying that he's a he accused him of
lying about his war service which is
true but Richard Blumenthal has become
sort of the bentonville AR for for Trump
and here he is senator from Connecticut
talking to Anderson Cooper it is a
looming constitutional crisis because it
involves a potential confrontation
as did Watergate between the president
and other branches of government and it
may well produce another United States
versus Nixon on a subpoena that went to
the United States Supreme Court it may
well produce impeachment proceedings
although we're very far from that
possibility and right now the president
has not been charged and there is a
investigation underway which should be
given the kind of integrity and
independence that it deserved because it
is way out over his skis are talking
about Nixon talking about impeachment
this is not like Watergate okay in
Watergate Richard Nixon fired the
special prosecutor who'd been set up in
order to investigate Watergate and then
the Attorney General he basically said
to the Attorney General you fire this
guy and the Attorney General said no I'm
not going to fire this guy then II went
to the Deputy Attorney General I said
you fire this guy and said I'm not going
to fire this guy so Trumbo so so Nixon
fired all three of them and the bottom
line is that it is the bottom line is
that this is not like that right I'm in
the Attorney General and the Deputy
Attorney General both recommended that
can we be fired again this is not
obstructing the investigation by any
evidence that I can tell yet the
Democrats are still going nuts over this
Cory Booker who has presidential
ambitions he's going crazier than
anybody else I've seen senator from New
Jersey say great screenshot there guys
he is saying that is saying that the
Russians are coming
Donald Trump clearly has not taken this
seriously in what should be a Paul
Revere moment for our country where
people are talking about the Russians
are coming there intending not only to
attack this past election listen tending
to continue this behavior
what will our response be and right now
it's been wholly unsatisfactory except
from this administration okay so this
still leaves doubt the question again he
has no answers as to what exactly he
suspects is going on or what evidence he
has that any of this is happening
basically the Democrats are making hay
while the Sun shines they see that this
is an opportunity to bash Trump and so
they're going to go ahead and do it I
will say that as they're they're
basically a few different stories today
as to why it is that Trump fired call me
and all of them agree with my theory
yesterday so my theory yesterday to
restate was that Trump fired call me
because he was pissed economy that
simple he wasn't angry at call me
because Comey wasn't coming out and just
saying that Trump was innocent in the
Russia investigation even if other
people were still under investigation
like NSA Michael Flynn and former
campaign manager Paul Maher
for so you stick to combing for not
doing that it now appears that he was
also take to call me because Comey was
not taking his wiretapping crap
seriously and he wasn't investigating
leaks or whatever and so he felt that
was a misuse of resources and he wants
an FBI director who's going to who's
going to try and track down all of his
conspiracy theories about the Obama
administration again should the FBI be
spending time on finding out who leaked
the name Michael Flynn to the press
absolutely they should and so I don't
think that's completely unfair but for
Trump to get angry economy because Comey
was not paying attention to his stupid
wiretapping allegations that's absurd
because they were stupid wiretapping
allegations but that's exactly what the
Washington Post is reporting quote Trump
had long questioned commis loyalty and
judgments I was infuriated by what he
viewed as the directors lack of action
in recent weeks on leaks one within the
federal government by last weekend he
had made up his mind Comey had to go the
president had already decided to fire
Comey according to this person but in
the meeting several White House
officials said Trump gave sessions and
Rosenstein a directive to explain in
writing the case against Comey the
President had already decided to fired
calling and call me according to this
person and bottom line is that they
decided that they were going to come up
with his pretext for firing call me but
what actually pissed off Trump one
Kuhlman was on TV too much to comaley
refused to say the Trump was innocent
three Comey wouldn't provide his
personal loyalty guarantee to President
Trump which is just insane the FBI
director should never be forced to
provide a personal loyalty guarantee to
any president that is not his job again
all of this reflects badly on Trump none
of it suggests that Trump is actually in
the pay of the Russians or in collusion
with the Russians now with that said
there was a media report from The Wall
Street Journal it really is kind of a
bombshell and says in the weeks before
Trump fired FBI director James Comey a
federal investigation into potential
collusion between Trump associates and
the Russian government was heating up as
mr. Comey became increasingly occupied
with the probe mr. Comey started
receiving daily instead of weekly
updates on the investigation beginning
at least three weeks ago according to
people with knowledge of the matter and
progress of the Federal Bureau of
Investigation probe mr. Comey was
concerned by information showing
possible evidence of collusion according
to these people so this would be the
biggest bombshell of course is the idea
that there's actually something dirty
going on and Trump covered it up all we
have is this anonymous or saying that
Comey was concerned about that but we
don't have any evidence that that was
actually happening there's also a report
from McClatchy today that the FBI led
probe into whether Russian influence
operations help put Trump in the White
House is on the knife's edge and could
easily veer in
either of two distinct directions one
possibility is investigators will feel
galvanized by Trump's abrupt firing of
FBI director Comey and borough even
deeper into the probe or with the FBI
temporary rudder a temporarily
rudderless Trump loyalists in the
Justice Department could put the brakes
on the investigation in multiple ways so
all of this does not speak well of the
way that this was done again none of it
provides evidence that all this is done
there is a bigger problem here by the
way and the bigger problem comes in that
same Washington Post piece this deep
long piece about why Trump fired call me
and it was buried down in the piece and
it's actually a big story it says quote
many employees of the FBI said they were
furious about the firing saying the
circumstances of commis dismissal did
more damage to the FBI's independence
than anything Comey didn't his three
plus years in the job one intelligence
official who works on ruspin Russian
espionage matters said they were more
determined than ever to pursue such
cases another sent commis firing and the
subsequent comments from the White House
our attacks then won't soon be forgotten
Trump had quote essentially declared war
on a lot of people at the FBI one
official said I think there will be a
concerted effort to respond over time in
kind this is dangerous
when the intelligence community Trump's
been saying this for a long time and
he's actually right about it when the
intelligence community decides that it
is their job to take down Trump because
they don't like what Trump is doing that
is dangerous and that is a problem and
the fact is that two things can be true
at once one from handled the bakoma
firing absolutely badly it looks really
a lot worse than it probably is and to
the intelligence community does not have
the wherewithal to begin saying that
we're now going to ask Trump because we
don't like what you did to Comey okay
that's dangerous that is a branch and
that is a coup that is it that is an
attempt inside government to get rid of
the sitting presidents of the United
States and that is unacceptable under
all of these circumstances I want to
talk more about this let's talk about
the fallout and why this actually
matters for the Republicans why
shouldn't Republicans just blow it off
say this is overblown hit it Cecilia
this is just Democrats talking too much
why Republicans should take the
seriously over at daily wired.com so $8
a month gets you a subscription to daily
wire.com you can watch the rest of the
show if you sign up right now you can be
part of the mailbag will be taking live
questions in the mailbag today plus if
you get in the annual subscription you
get a free copy of the Arroyo jeremy
boring fascinating film set on the
southern border it's a modern action
Western about Rancher trying to protect
his property from drug cartels using his
ranch as a thoroughfare for drugs and
human trafficking you can check it out
over
at daily wire.com or if you just want to
listen to the podcast later go over to
iTunes or SoundCloud and give us a
listen and a rating we always appreciate
it make sure that you subscribe we are
the largest conservative podcast in the
nation
you
