ever since the election of Donald Trump
there's been a disastrous rise in the
number of hate crimes let me give some
examples and these are true ripped from
the headlines stories that will chill
you to the marrow of your virtuous Souls
shortly after the election the words
Heil Trump a swastika and a gay slur
were spray-painted on a church by a gay
church organist who said he wanted to
give people a quote reason to fight for
good even if it was a false one
at Indiana State University Muslim
professor Oscar Hussain received anti
Islamic threats from Muslim professor
Oscar Hussain who was later arrested and
charged with pretending to have
assaulted himself in a vicious and
intolerant attack that never took place
the drumbeat of hatred continued at
Adolphus College in Minnesota where
horrifying racist Flyers were
distributed by the diversity Leadership
Council and other social justice groups
who later said they wanted to educate
people about racism by pretending to be
racist then pretending it was someone
else doing it as if this veritable
plague of up surging hatred weren't
enough to melt even a racist heart of
racist stone ever since the Trump
election many people throughout the
country have been seen making the
Sinister okay sign forming a circle with
their thumb and forefinger with their
other three fingers upstanding you see
this terrifying secret symbol whenever
someone has asked how do you feel about
the fact that Barack Obama isn't
president anymore or what did you think
of Hillary Clinton losing the election
or how's Donald Trump doing this hateful
sign has been identified by the
guardians of Liberty on the left as a
white supremacist apprentice symbol
because the three upheld fingers form a
w-4 white and the O forms a P for power
so it stands for white power except with
oh in stead of P which would be white
our which okay doesn't actually mean
anything but if it did I'm sure it would
be sinister other racist examples of the
racist spread of racism during the
racist Trump administration include the
drinking of milk
which is of course a symbol of white
power because it's white because it's
milk
Peter the People for the Ethical
Treatment of Animals issued a video
calling milk quote and this is a real
quote a thinly veiled allegory for
racial purity PETA has also called
Pokemon a quote rosy picture of thinly
veiled animal abuse happily thanks
largely to Peters efforts all captured
Pokemon creatures have now been released
into the wilds of PETA's thinly veiled
fantasy light now of course I don't want
to say that the destructive knuckleheads
of the left have far too long
used false charges of racism to slander
and silence those who disagree with
their disastrous policies so that now
the left's lack of credibility makes it
easy for them to be trolled in - comical
hysteria by both actual white
supremacists and innocent bystanders
just looking for a good laugh I'm not
sure why I don't want to say that now
maybe I do want to say it yeah that's
what I want to say trigger warning I'm
Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Clavin show
there's a weenie noticing it see
absolute Louisville is a division it's a
wonderful okay Molly Hemingway is here
the author of this encounter broadside
hump versus the media I finished reading
it last night it only takes an hour I'm
a very slow reader but it takes like an
hour to get through but it's just a
terrific book and we're going to talk
about that and it's a good day to talk
about it because the media is out of
control but first
speaking of media I we have a new
sponsor I'm gonna tell you about the
sponsor you are never going to forgive
me for telling you about the sponsor
because this is my ad for the sponsor
it's going to ruin your life because you
will once you get this app you will
never do anything else it's called
texture it's called texture and it is a
collection and app on which you can
collect so many magazines hundreds of
magazine more than 200 magazines for the
price of basically one subscription it
starts at 995 and you can then download
it's just so many I mean really good
magazines and the thing is you know if
you read online all the time and all you
ever do is you know click this and click
that and go to your favorite websites
and you know how they do they curate
they curate the information so you're
essentially getting everything you agree
with all the time but this is a real
array of magazines including Forbes
everything from Forbes to Vanity Fair
you know you can go to Rolling Stone I
mean Forbes in Vanity Fair you're
getting two very very different points
of view the New Yorker Sports
Illustrated just like a lot of stuff
Entertainment Weekly Reader's Digest
National Geographic you are getting a
wide range like I said up over 200
things movements you're on this thing
you're lost it's like you just fall into
this tank of information and you're just
gobbling up information is so
entertaining so much fun and really
inexpensive and not only is it
inexpensive but for you just because
you're listening to me you can try it
for 14 days for free which is pretty
amazing it really is it's so easy so
many great magazine
if you go on into texture texture calms
te x2 you re calm and then put slash
Clavin que la VA n which you should all
know how to spell by now but if you put
in texture calm and get Clavin you get a
14-day free trial free trial really over
200 magazines for free and then like I
said 995 which is what it would cost you
for one subscription this was selected
of one of Apple's top 2016 iPad apps and
having created helped create an iPad app
I know that that is very very difficult
stuff to win texture is offering a
14-day free trial when you go to texture
calm slash clayvin 14 days to try
texture for free at texture dot-com
slash Clavin texture comm slash Clavin
it is just a wealth of information and
like I said it will destroy your life
because you'll never do anything else
that's like you're lucky I'm here you're
lucky I'm here because I could be home
reading text or comm so we're going to
be talking to talk about the media today
but it's not just the media you know
what it is it's like it's like Democrat
press reports making Democrats hysteria
and then Democrat press reports about
the hysteria which becomes more
hysterical I mean the demet over this
call me firing these Democrats have lost
their mind and they keep saying
Watergate Watergate Watergate you know
the biggest difference between this and
Watergate one is there's no spear nobody
has even mentioned what law
the Trump campaign may have broken if
they talk to Russians you know obviously
we don't want our campaigns meddling
with the Russians to meddle with our
elections helping the Russians to meddle
with our elections but nobody has
mentioned any laws broken anything like
that again and again they say we haven't
got evidence of collusion Trump himself
is acting I must say like an innocent
man he is just like thinks the whole
thing is ridiculous so there's no
scandal on one side and on the other
side the press has lost all credibility
they have lost all credibility I tell
you one of the things you do not hear
very often on the show if at all is all
this stuff about who's in and who's out
and what an anonymous source said Rob
Rosenstein Rod Rosenstein said you know
and like what what this this sore
they had got Comey what was the big one
Comey asked for more funds from
Rosenstein the deputy AG and then he
Rosa Singh said no he didn't happen you
know it's a while he asked for it in the
Senate
today as I was driving to work Andrew
McCabe the who is now the acting head of
the FBI was testifying he came on
testified and this is what he said about
the money this is number 10 are you
aware of that request can you confirm
that that request was in fact made I
cannot confirm that request is made as
you know ma'am when we need resources we
make those requests here so I don't I'm
not aware of that request and it's not
consistent with my understanding of how
we request additional resources that
said we don't typically request
resources for an individual case and as
I mentioned I strongly believe that the
Russia investigation is adequately
resourced and by the way he said this is
a significant investigation he didn't
you know DISA tore anything like this
but she asked him this is Susan Collins
I guess from Maine she asked him has
your investigation been curtailed
because the big thing the Democrats are
saying it's all it's all a great
conspiracy to stop the investigation
into Trump collusion with Russia has
there been any curtailment of the FBI's
activities in this important
investigation since a director Comey was
fired and we don't per tale our
activities as you know has the are
people experiencing questions and are
reacting to the developments this week
absolutely does that get in the way of
our ability to pursue this or any other
investigation no ma'am we continue to
focus on our mission and get that job
done and this guy by the way is a
Democrat or at least his wife was like a
Democrat candidate you know it this is I
mean it's just insane in the press
you've got to see this practices this is
a little long but it is worth playing
the press's becomes utter echo chamber
of these hysterical accusations he
just a brief compilation of how the nets
are reporting this starting with Ted
Baxter from CBS mr. Trump is the first
president since Richard Nixon to fire a
law enforcement official investigating
the White House the timing raises
questions Comey had just asked for more
resources for his investigation of
Russian interference in the u.s.
election including possible collusion by
team Trump and adding to the white house
concerns this week are new indications
the investigation may have expanded to
include Trump's business and personal
finances based on how the former
Director of National Intelligence
cryptically answered this question
general clapper during your
investigation of all things Russia did
you ever find a situation where a Trump
business interest in Russia gave you
concern Senator Graham I can't comment
on that because that impacts any their
investigation James Comey has said
nothing publicly since his firing
remaining home but FBI insiders tell NBC
News that many at FBI headquarters
believe he was fired because he would
not end the Russia investigation
something the president clearly wanted
over tweeting two days ago when will
this taxpayer-funded charade in so let
me just pick this apart for a minute the
cryptic comment of James clapper I mean
all through this testimony these guys
all of them have been saying that we
can't talk about this it's classified we
can't bring this up and suddenly this is
cryptic testimony it script it's cryptic
but they really understand and then all
that stuff FBI
insiders lines like that go by in a
second FBI insiders tell us you know
these are anonymous sources the problem
with anonymous sources go back and watch
all the president's men look at the care
they took with anonymous sources look at
the anger from Bradley the editor of The
Washington Post when they would come to
him without naming the sources get me
some names get me some real people you
know make double-check triple-check you
think these guys are double-checking and
triple-checking games with any checking
and the problem is as a reporter
I'm not saying some of these stories by
the way some that the anonymously
sourced stories aren't true the problem
is you can't tell which ones are true
and that's worse actually than them
being all if they were all
faults are all true the thing is you
just can't tell and here's the thing as
a former reporter I tell you unsourced
stories are excellent ways to manipulate
the story or to manipulate the press so
you go and you say you know this is why
all the stuff that bannon's out Nick
masters out now make masters in and
remember Trump is a volatile guy so he's
yelling to people one day and there was
best friend the next so you know I come
to you as a source and I say hey you
know bannon's out well maybe I hate Ben
and maybe I love the fact that left
yesterday Trump went off on ban and
screamed at Alabama that he's out you
know he's I they've taken his shoes away
and handcuffed him into a chair you know
and I asked insider he's an insider he
should know people who know you know
it's all nonsense it is or it's all
nonsense because you can't tell which
parts of it are nonsense and now they're
saying now that FBI is rededicated to
getting Trump yeah you know the FBI is
going to do its job the same way it
always does they're going to come in I'm
sure they'd sure they thought Comey was
a drama queen would really you know
embarrass them I mean this is one of the
things about that letter from Rosenstein
was he just quotes again and again so
many people who just ran him down you
know Attorney General's Deputy Attorney
General segment of Rosen stings letter
to Trump about what was going on he says
judge Lawrence Silberman who served as
deputy Attorneys General under president
of Ford wrote that it is not the
bureau's responsibility to opine on
whether a matter should be prosecuted
Silberman believes that commis
performance was so inappropriate for an
FBI director that he doubts the bureau
will ever completely recover Jaime
Gorelick Deputy Attorney General under
president george w bush a pine that the
director had chosen personally to
restrike the balance between
transparency and fairness from the
department's traditions they concluded
that I mean it goes on and on and you
just have to wonder well maybe Rosa
Singh really didn't think there should
be this guy in the FBI who thought he
could usurp the Justice Department
whenever he thought that was right so
meanwhile the press on the one hand has
lost all credibility and believe me
there they are preaching to a smaller
and smaller choir because only the
people who agree with them are listening
to them at this point because anybody
with any common sense can tell that
they're just out of their minds with
hysteria but Trump knows this and he's
trolling them I mean
Trump is a genuinely strange character I
gotta say you know people to serenity
clever is he dumb and all this I like I
think he's obviously a very intelligent
man I do but he is a strange dude and I
guess whether you like him or dislike
him determines on whether you think he's
out of his mind or just you know out of
the crazy like a fox because he's doing
this stuff like you know they're saying
he's Nixon
so he invites the press corps in and
they think he's going to be I care I
think they thought he was gonna be with
the Russian and ambassador any steadies
with Kissinger he's with Kissinger you
know Nixon's old the Secretary of State
and so you think I'm Nixon Here I am
with Kissinger he's and here's a brief
clip of them shouting questions oh thank
you why did you hire director Comey why
did you fire director call me he wasn't
doing a good job very simply he was not
doing a good job did it affect your
meeting with the Russians today did it
affect your meeting with the Russians
today will the new FBI Zarate her be in
charge of the Russian investigators
thank you thank you thank you thank good
send any meat he's meeting with the
Russians the Russian ambassador you know
the Russian ambassador in the foreign
got you know they're all named Sergei so
I was like this is Sergei you know here
let's go this is Sergei so-and-so Sergei
Sergei its Sergei Sergei Sergei you know
cuz they have those three names you know
Sergei so guiana bitch and everybody's
meeting with the Russians like he could
care less he just is laughing at these
people and he and he makes ending the
the Foreign Minister I think is what he
was he came out he just he just
basically called the press corps
children he said you look like adults
but you're asking me these questions I
mean nothing to me there's nothing to me
at I okay anyway it is it is amazing to
watch I mean I'm calling the president
role versus planet hysteria because the
press has so he clowned themselves that
Trump is picking them off like you know
they're like bottles on a fence and he's
just knocking them off with this
trolling I think most of the people who
like Trump are laughing and the people
in the middle are just appalled that the
way the press is acting that is my guest
it's a complete guest but I'm just
saying I don't think in the long run I
think the short
and I think this probably will hurt him
in the polls because of the way it was
handled in a long run I don't think it's
going to matter and they have they're
dreaming of impeachment ain't gonna
happen
alright well talk more about this with
Molly Hemingway in just a minute but
first first we have to talk about stamps
calm and the reason we don't have to
talk we have to talk about stamps calm
is because as you look at me this very
moment but one thing you can say about
me is I am NOT waiting on line at the
post office and I cannot tell you how
important it is to me to not wait on
line I'm the time like like a
three-year-old you know if I have to
wait on line
I will leave my wife on line and wander
around you know it's like like Andrew
come back come back don't wander too far
don't wander out into traffic I hate
lines and stamps calm you basically take
the post office and move it into your
computer you can create stamps accounts
in minutes you with no equipment to
lease no long-term commitments you can
click print nail you're done anything
basically that the post office can do
you can now do in your computer with
stamps comm it's so much more so much
easier so much more convenient you don't
have to drive you don't to worry about
hours you if you like to mail your stuff
at three o'clock in the morning you can
do it all at three o'clock in the
morning you just put you know really you
just put the envelope in your printer
and it comes out with a stamp on it
really amazing all the services of the
US Postal Service in your computer any
letter any package any class of mail you
can mail it right from home they'll send
you a digital scale so you can
automatically calculate exactly how much
postage you need and they'll even help
you decide what class of mail you want
to use right now you can enjoy the Stamp
service with a special offer that
includes a four week trial plus postage
and a digital scale without long term
commitments I can't believe we give this
stuff away this is like I can't believe
this like everybody isn't doing this
stuff go to stamps comm here's what you
do you click on the microphone at the
top of the homepage and type in clayvin
how do you spell claim and well I'm glad
you asked que la vie a and hit the
microphone type in que la VA n and you
will get the stamp services special
offer four week trial plus postage and a
digital scale without any long-term
commitment stamps.com Andrew Clavin and
you never have to go to the post office
again
Molly Ziegler Hemingway she's the senior
editor at The Federalist a longtime
journalist whose work has appeared just
about everywhere the Wall Street Journal
Los Angeles Times CNN she what was the
2004 recipient of a Phillips foundation
journalism fellowship and is the author
of this encounter broadside encounter
brought sighs a great series this is
Trump versus the media it's terrific in
an hour you will get a complete view of
the situation you can find her on
Twitter at MZ Hemingway Molly you there
I'm here there you are how you doing
great good to be here with you it's good
to see you I read this book I thought it
was terrific and we're going to talk
about it in a minute but first I have to
get your reaction to what's going on
today I mean it seems it seems like mass
hysteria to me but maybe maybe I'm not
being fair to our friends in the media
well there's no doubt that the firing of
an FBI director is a major source yes so
it's totally legitimate to make it a big
story and to cover it as if it's a big
story so what's interesting really is
the manner in which it's being covered
or the particular spin the thing that's
being put out there seem to be an
immediate consensus that Donald Trump
fired Jim Comey a man who is deeply
unpopular across both across the
political spectrum who've been embroiled
in bad decision-making for the better
part of a year and who people have been
calling for the firing of for the better
part of a year they believe that Donald
Trump fired him because he was directly
over target in a grand Russian
conspiracy and this was the smoking gun
that they had been waiting for and that
particular angle is what I think makes
people see it as hysteria because of it
right I mean because it's just no
there's no possibility that the FBI is
going to say oh commis gone let's drop
the Russia thing you know that forget
that well there are there are many
reasons why that would be an inaccurate
way to spend the news and one of them
would be that director Comey was leading
the agency but not the investigation per
se which the investigation would
continue another would be that while we
have had a lot of anonymously based
reports for six months about how there's
an impending huge
- that's going to definitely implicate
Trump in treason we haven't actually had
any evidence of it now not saying that
there couldn't be evidence of it but if
you take a step back and you think about
all those breathless headlines and all
of the all of the nefarious motivations
that been ascribed to Trump himself and
again the bar is not bad hiring
decisions or bad decision-making but
literally treason I don't think we're
anywhere near that point and so that's
why people should be skeptical of that
storyline without more evidence now in
this broadside encounter I love the
series by the way it's so great you know
because it gives you an hour it gives
you so much information and you did a
particularly good job I think in this
one of the things you point out and this
has been driving me a little bit crazy
is the the media has has basically put
forward this narrative that you know
before this we were objective but Trump
is just a bridge too far and now we have
to cast off the car a super cloak of
objectivity and really cover Trump as
the fascist he is but that's not true
right I mean there is a history here
that before Trump even arrives right I
think again there might be like
competing points here one would be that
they really do treat Trump differently
than they have treated everyone else
previously but yes the idea that they
used to be objective and now things are
so serious that they can't do their
journalistic diligence due diligence is
just obviously not true and in fact I
would say that Trump is a good result of
a media approach that no longer became
tenable for a huge set of Americans so
you saw four decades really that there
was you know anything from minor to
major spin put on Republican candidates
I think that in a really big way the
treatment of MIT Romney who regardless
of what you think about his politics or
whether you thought he should be elected
/ Obama or not really can't argue that
he wasn't a decent guy and he was
presented in the media as just a
horrific monster and I think that
something broke for a lot of people at
that point they realized there was no
fairness in the media that they would
run after literally Mitt Romney shouting
what about your death while covering up
for you know any legitimate scandals in
the Obama administration
and they would turn they would turn
things were actually good like he tried
to hire women and he put the resources
into actually hiring women into a gap
about binders full of women you know
these types of things I think something
just broke and people decided we can't
play this game anymore
where the spacers do with everything is
so unfair and I think that did
contribute to the rise of Trump and it's
not just politics - it's really media
approaches to many different stories
within and outside of the political
realm there seems to be the strange
reaction on the side of the media side
of the news gatherers that as people
have become more and more aware of their
biased biased they become more biased I
mean this idea that Trump has put
forward that they are enemies of the
American people it actually has some
substance I mean I don't believe that
they are enemies of America but they do
seem to feel that the Trump voters
specifically but maybe just Republican
voters in general are the bad guys right
I think they're not there is sort of a
social contract the media violated where
you do work you think of the media they
have all this power you give them access
under this idea that they will work to
help out the Civic civil conversation
and that they will at least accurately
describe things on both sides and when
you have media that in the last couple
of years did stuff like roam the
countryside looking for heretics who
didn't share their very same views on
sexual politics or whatnot that don't
feel like they're an enemy and I think
it's reasonable that people feel deeply
hurt and betrayed by the media when
they're telling so many false stories
not just about things that they know
personally like their own views and
seeing how their own views were
characterized by the media but also big
stories about you know treatment of like
look for instance the Rolling Stone
story about the fraternity that was
accused of doing a gang rape and it
turned out it was completely untrue when
you break that contract I think people
have every right to be deeply upset and
that is going to end Nestle you see so
well you know we're raising a really
important point and you raise it in the
in the broadside too
that it's not just news stories it's not
just factual news stories because this
thing about fake news has gotten to the
point where it's just being thrown back
and forth so often but it is also the
social the big social questions that
have now been posed as if there is one
side the left side and then there's
hatred on the other side is those are
the two sides that what the left wants
and there's hatred and I can see I think
that there's a debate to be had for
instance I mean now that the debate has
been shut down by the Supreme Court but
there's a debate to be had over gay
marriage well do we loser all right well
I'm gonna then I then I will continue to
talk until we get her back that that one
of the things that Molly points out
Trump versus the media is it's not just
about news stories it's not just about
who did what when it's also these social
questions of that have been posed in
this completely unfair dichotomy between
what the left says and hatred so for
instance for instance you know there's
there's a debate to be had where one
person says you know I think that
marriage should be redefined to include
gay people they we now accept them
that's not you know the social society
has changed social opinions have changed
and the other side says well you know
marriage is a central building block of
society like it's whether you're looking
at the Bible whether you're looking at
the creation myths of the Greeks and
Romans they always start with a man and
woman getting married and that becomes
the foundation of society when you
redefine that when you redefine that you
are making it yeah I got it okay any
what happened there you're okay I was
just making the point that there is a
debate to be had about on the one side
there's you know people who say now it's
time to include gays in gays in the
definition of marriage that's one side
and the other side is no you know this
is a central building block of society
don't mess with the definition because
it's a load-bearing wall that's a debate
to be happy I understand that debate but
to debate that you know now it's time to
include gays and if you don't want to do
that you are a bigot like the guys who
stood with dogs and stopped the marchers
in Selma
that's not a debate that actually is not
true and that is the way the media posed
it right and in fact I think for
years you had the media not even
accurately describe the nature of the
debate it was treated as on the one side
there are good people who care about
love on the other side are these people
who have no reason to care about the
definition of marriage at all other than
religious bigotry and they're very
dangerous need to be shut down
that is so deeply unfair to the
seriousness of both sides arguments and
it is also just damaging to the how we
interact with each other as neighbors
and when you hear each other's arguments
you can do a much better job of
predicting negative unintended
consequences of changes and just working
together and you know we are a nation
that has always been full of many
different people and it's important that
you have good conversations that you
understand that and so yeah on big
important issues like how you define
marriage or things like simply how you
describe a political debate that's going
on in the country I think you saw all of
the problems that the media have in
terms of ignorance of religion religious
people what matters for a lot of people
in the country outside of DC in New York
all of those problems came to bear in
their coverage of this election and so
what's most surprising to me is not even
that they were so humiliated by their
coverage and by the just profound
rejection of the narrative that they
were forcing on people but also that
they didn't do anything to fix it in the
aftermath actually losing yes they had
two options they could basically admit
how much they were wrong focus on facts
as opposed to pushing narratives make
systemic changes to bring in new
perspectives into their newsroom and
maybe make systemic changes so that not
everybody is based in New York or
Washington DC or LA they chose not to do
that they did none of the thing that
they promoted people who did the worst
job during the election or they elevated
them to different papers and they seemed
very invested in continuing this
narrative and proving people that that
they were wrong to reject you Larry
Clinton and the media and to take a risk
on Donald Trump what is it you think the
Trump did specifically why did Trump get
this I mean certainly Republicans have
been complaining about media coverage
since I can remember I can't remember a
time when they didn't complain about
media coverage but what is it the Trump
did specifically that
took advantage of this situation I mean
he obviously knew that the moment was
right that time was right and he knew
what to do with his what was it exactly
that worked for him
it's a really good question and I'm not
sure if I'd have a great answer I've
always kind of viewed it more as both
Trump and the media feed off of each
other they're almost in a codependent
like a negative codependent relationship
where they both feed off each other and
benefit from each other but you don't
want to be around either of them and so
you know prophets have been good for
newspapers and subscriptions have been
good for newspapers and other media
outlets and Trump won the presidency but
I don't know if it's been good for the
country the way that they interact with
each other but clearly Donald Trump had
nothing but experience working with the
media and seeing how to take advantage
of news cycles he really is a student of
communication and how people pick up on
big topics he really prints and figure
out how much people hate at the media
and he uses that to his advantage I
don't know why the media keep falling
into the traps that are set there
because you know I like you take the
Comey story and I really don't think
they have any idea of what it comes off
like to people outside of their bubble
um no clue yeah yeah I mean like it is
slightly more elevated hysteria than
what they said about the Easter Egg Roll
but that they said it about the Easter
Egg Roll makes it harder to take them
seriously here anyway I think partly is
that he simultaneously cares and doesn't
care he cares deeply about his image but
he doesn't care when people call him
names and so many Republicans they are
living in fear and terror that someone
in the media might characterize them
poorly or be mean to them that's just a
fear you have to get over immediately
and they're like abuse children they are
always waiting for the media to go off
and slap them around and they really and
it makes them cowardly I think and I
think Trump does is he is appealing I
mean high of all kinds of problems with
him but he's like he is appealing in
that he doesn't care about these people
who obviously don't care about anything
but their agenda at this point all right
I have one last question because you
write wonderfully you bring up this
point about have I still got if you can
get about one more time I have one
assassin one last question it's it
really what what I was going to talk to
her about is the how much of the
information that we get is worthless and
she quotes Michael Crichton a lot and
Michael Crichton points out that
speculation is almost always worthless
because no one knows the future you know
that is why if people don't know the
future so when somebody tells you what's
going to happen you know it's
interesting but you just don't again
it's the same thing with source stories
you don't know which guy somebody's
going to be right if everybody's making
predictions somebody's going to be right
but you never know which one it is and
so it's always one guy who was right the
last time who then gets the you know he
gets he's now Merlin and you know
Gandalf and he gets the wizard cap and
he's the guy they turn to and then the
next time he's wrong and somebody else
is getting so that kind of speculation
is absolutely worthless and there's
another thing that that Molly writes
about in this in this Trump versus the
media about the fact that when you got
it back bring her back on I'm going to
I'm going to let you go after this Molly
I'm sorry we keep losing you but you
know you write you write all this great
stuff quoting a lot of Michael Crichton
about speculation and how it's worthless
but now I'm going to ask you to
speculate a little bit when you see a
tangle like this between a media as you
say the firing of Comey is a big story
and I would never say it wasn't it
genuine wasn't it happened in a shocking
way but when you see a tangle like this
what what do you expect say just just
speculating over the next like five or
six days how do you expect this to turn
out is this going to be you know are the
Republicans going to collapse and
appoint a special prosecutor or is this
going to blow over like everything else
the media is done with Trump I really
don't know but I do think it's
interesting you had testimony today from
the acting Attorney General that
debunked most of the stories that have
been out there thus far such as that the
deputy the deputy at DOJ
turned to resign he's publicly actually
that's a separate thing from the
testimony he's publicly said he didn't
threaten to resign and wasn't going to
resign you had claimed that Comey got
fired because he asked for more
resources even
fact that he asked from our resource I
let her go cuz it but is I mean she was
she seemed to be about to say some of
the stuff that we've been saying let me
just repeat Molly Hemingway she's a
senior editor at the federal she's been
a Fox contributor recently she's just
been terrific you can see how like he's
just really informed really smart really
articulate find her on Twitter at MZ
Hemingway and get this encounter
broadside Trump versus the media is
really good one of the reasons I felt it
was so good I was so impressed with it
is because bias is a hard thing to pin
down it's a hard you know and just when
they're not outright lying but they're
just being biased it's a hard thing to
pin down and she pins it down and she
really shows you how it happened and the
effect it had the entire series the
encounter broad sizer is excellent
obviously some are better than others
but this is a particularly good one
Molly Ziegler Hemingway find her at MZ
Hemingway you know I hate to say this
but I think the Clavin week is coming to
a conclusion that's like it was yeah I
was like I I can't
I think the clave unless we came a
little early for mr. Comey but I think
the rest of Washington it's just
beginning so I have to leave you here
I'm going to leave you I always like to
end with some music I'm going to leave
you I'm not a big Beatles fan every time
I say that expect expected an hour oh in
my head yeah
Rick take it and that kenefick people
are so passionate about the deals and
it's not that I think they're bad they
just don't speak to me you know I've
always loved lyrics and their lyrics are
you know she you know she she loves you
yeah yeah yeah you know it's like I just
it's never got that and as it went on
and they be their lyrics became kind of
confusing and bizarre and acid laced I
just never I was never that taken with
but there are songs that I like and Paul
McCartney this is post Beatles he wrote
this really I think it's an obscure song
I was asking people here if anybody knew
it nobody knew it but it is that it's
not only a beautiful little tune this
kind of wistful little tune but it has
these great lyrics where he personifies
is called really in the literary
business we call this personification
which was when you take inanimate
objects and you give them personalities
the personalities of people and this
imagines stuff getting thrown away and
the kind of lonely wistful feeling that
this stuff of why are you throwing me
away and it's just a really really nice
lyric we will end with that going into
the clave endless weekend I'm sorry
there's nothing I can do for you you're
on your own
survivors gather here on Monday I'm
Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew Clavin
show we will see you then bicycles to
walk it on Tommy Bice
No
Oh
