you know with our country so divided
it's very important that we all try to
understand one another let this need to
learn to listen to conservatives without
putting on masks and assaulting innocent
people with sticks while shrieking
meaningless slogans about how oppressive
it is to be attending an American
University on the public's dime
conservatives need to stop laughing so
loudly the left's absurd blithering and
really take the time to hear what
they're saying
before contradicting them with the facts
to help both sides communicate in the
spirit that made this country great
before leftist dragged it down it's
important to understand how the
different sides use language the right
uses words in an attempt to describe
reality and express cogent approaches to
governance that will regulate human
behavior with his little curtailment of
freedom as possible the left uses words
as bright shiny play things that float
like bubbles on the breezes of whimsy
and immersed into sprinkling remnants of
whining stupidity on the drifting
currents of oceanic ignorant so in an
attempt to bring our nation together
allow me to explain how the Left uses
some common phrases to try to lie and
steal other people's money from time to
time you may have heard feminists left
wingers use the phrase that sexist so
for instance if you point out that men
may naturally be better at some
activities than women or that there is
no gender pay gap once you factor in the
different jobs men and women do a
feminist might respond by saying that
sexist in a hoarse screechy voice while
wearing a ridiculous pink hat and
endlessly referring to her sexual organs
which believe me no one is interested in
anyway that sexist is a feminist phrase
meaning yes that's true but I don't like
it
so please lie to me you might respond by
adding some lies to your facts saying
things like men are naturally better at
science but know that dress doesn't make
you look fat another phrase left this
love to use is that's racist this phrase
when used by a leftist means what you're
saying makes complete sense and I can't
think of an argument to counter it for
instance when you say misguided Democrat
welfare policies and idiotic leftist
actual immorality have so decimated the
black family that they have unleashed a
plague of legitimacy that virtually
guarantees generational poverty among
the black poor a leftist may respond by
saying that's racist they may then add
black lives matter a leftist phrase
which means black lives don't matter
there are only a tool of my left ISM
finally the leftist media loves the word
controversial as in controversial
waterboarding of jihadists or
controversial policy of enforcing
immigration laws used by leftist
journalists the word controversial means
completely uncontroversial that one can
be a little confusing I admit I hope
this brief guide to left-wing language
will facilitate greater understanding
between conservatives and the Socialists
dirtbags trying to enslave our populace
and destroy our country after all why
can't we be friends
oh wait I see why never mind trigger
warning
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show just to give you the list
there's a wing we also say news is it's
easy to grow up with as if it isn't it's
so wonderful
hooray we have the factual feminist
christina hoff sommers with us we're
going to stay on facebook so you can
watch but that doesn't get you off the
hook for subscribing to the daily
wire.com for a lousy eight bucks a month
don't be so cheap if you do it you can
be in the mail that the mailbag is
tomorrow yeah yeah
so the mailbag is tomorrow send in your
questions ask anything you want answers
are guaranteed correct and will change
your life occasionally for the better
alright but four four before we get
underway we must talk about stamps.com
and you know why I love stamps calm
because you're running around I have an
incredibly busy life I cannot stop to go
to the post office and wait online I
actually unlike the only person I know
who actually likes the post office
everybody complains about the post
office but when you think about what
they do it is pretty amazing you know
you put a mat you put something in the
mail it shows up somewhere else almost
the only thing I can't stand it I can't
sit in the lines I can't spend having
your drive there it closes its it closes
it doesn't have convenient hours for my
life but stamps calm is always open and
you can do anything on stamps calm that
you could do at a post office just click
print mail and you're done stamps calm
brings all the services of the US Postal
Service right to your fingertips if your
fingertips happen to be on your computer
keyboard you can buy and print official
US postage for any letter any package
any class of mail using your own
computer and printer stamps comm makes
it easy they'll send you a digital scale
so you can automatically calculate the
exact postage you need and stamps comm
will even help you decide the best class
of mail based on your needs so there's
no need to lease an expensive postage
meter I don't know if anybody does that
anymore when you get great services like
this plus plus right now you can enjoy
the stamps service with a special offer
that includes a four week trial plus
postage and a digital scale without long
term commitments how do you get it you
may ask good question go to stamps comm
and click on the microphone at the top
of the homepage and type in clayvin que
la vie a nu should know how to spell
that by now it's absolutely essential
task stamps comm enter clayvin que la
vie AM stamps
calm you never got to go to the post
office again so I was looking at the
budget we're all looking at this this
budget that the GOP approved and Trump
says he'll sign and I feel like I missed
the chapter in the art of the deal in
favor of complete capitulation if it's a
chapter if it fell out of my copy of the
art of the deal NAFTA through
negotiating then just capitulate just
give away everything I mean you know no
way he didn't get the money for the wall
so he swears this thing is going up and
I don't even care about that because I
think he can perfectly well just enforce
the immigration laws and solve the
problem as they are without the wall but
the wall he's promised that every single
day so he got no money for that the
money to fund Obamacare is still there
money for the EPA which is like a dagger
in my heart money for sanctuary cities
the whole thing at Planned pet their
still funding Planned Parenthood
rankings
gives a new meaning to the Republican
program No Child Left Behind it's like
literally know what mine because they're
just going to slaughter them all why do
we have to pay the slaughterers of the
innocent you know the people who sell
baby puss why does my tax dollars have
to go to that Charles Krauthammer said
it best so let him say it here is Trump
got rolled the Republicans got rolled
they ended up with nothing really it's
sort of embarrassing I understand the
strategic idea but halfway through the
year only a few months left this is all
bit in the past you save your file for
September when you do next year that's
what they say every time that they save
their fire and they don't use it the
next time
now the Trump has been wonderful I think
in sort of throwing out a lot of ideas
starting with the gas tax the Kim idea
wasn't a great idea but there's no
denying the fact that this was not a win
he was not the winner he said he was a
negotiator this is a total loss see
here's the problem and you got to admit
I'm not somebody who heaps blame on
Trump I don't blame him for every little
thing he does I don't care when he says
something else something that's untoward
and all this stuff Congress doesn't want
to do anything that he wants to do okay
it don't want to cut money they don't
want to cut program you know the old
joke about Republicans is the Democrats
come in and say we're going to burn the
I'm treated to the ground in 30 days and
Republicans go out and negotiate and
then come back and announce they won
because we're going to burn the country
to the ground in 90 days you know I mean
the Republicans
these are Washington animals and the one
thing else to remember about politicians
is they're good at being politicians
there aren't many politics like baseball
players you know when you go and see a
baseball player you are watching a god
of an athlete you only have to go one
step down into the minor leagues to see
the difference between a minor leaguer
and a major leaguer these are the best
athletes in the country any professional
sport that's true same thing is true
politicians these are the best
politicians in the country there just
aren't that many of them at the national
level but but they're perfect being
politicians right they're not going to
getting you what you want they're not
good at cutting government they're not
going to following the Constitution
they're good at being politicians and
what politicians do is they buy votes
and they sell influence and they make
themselves powerful that's what
politicians do they're in no there's no
way in which they are in league with the
Trump agenda and the Trump agenda is a
difficult one to to use for leadership
okay because he's not a conservative
he's a populist so that means that there
are some things he wants to do the
Conservatives like he's pro-gun he's
seems to be he seems to be following up
on being anti-abortion he's Pro
Constitution he knows that so that's a
big crowd-pleaser for conservatives but
he also keeps promising that he's not
going to get rid of the rule in
Obamacare that funds pre-existing
conditions he really is not going to get
rid of Obamacare it's like you can't you
can't repeal it when the President of
the United States is basically saying
everybody is going to be taken care of
so there's not a lot of way for him to
gather the Congress in one place and say
you guys are going to get this and you
guys are going to get that cause he's
kind of all over the place you know he's
kind of all over the place but you gotta
say he is the guy who promised that he
was the deal maker he is the guy who
promised that he could he was the great
negotiator and so far he hasn't now he
tweeted out today um this morning he
tweeted out oh well you know what we
need is 60 votes and next time we'll let
the government get shut down so at least
he's learning to speak like a
like a Republican because that's what
Republicans always say next time and you
just haven't given us enough votes we
needed the Congress we know now we need
the president oh now we need a
supermajority he sounds exactly like a
Republican politician now but you know
he did say that this is the kind of
thing he could do Nellis and there's a
strategy behind us the only people who
got this right I thought the Wall Street
Journal they were talking about it it's
not like oh he just capitulated it's
that he figured he had a big fight
coming up with health care and he hopes
it's going to happen this week he hopes
he's going to revamp get that get it
through the house revamp of the health
care of Obamacare this week and then
move on to taxes he didn't want to fight
this battle remember most of this budget
was negotiated before Obama left most of
it was already finished negotiating so
he's figuring okay you know in in
September when the this budget ends
we'll go back and we'll really do the
big negotiation and you know that means
that means being willing to shut down
the government and the other thing about
Republicans is they you got to
understand Republicans are so slapped
into a daze of stupid obedience by
decades of a media that just blames them
for everything they are so scared they
are so gun shot if they're in the
majority and they shut down the
government is their fault if they're in
the minority and they shut down the
government it's their fault if they're
just walking by and they're not even
elected it's their fault it doesn't
matter the media will always blame them
and they're afraid of that what they
don't realize is what they haven't taken
advantage of because they really don't
like Trump a lot of them they don't
realize the Trump has made that
completely irrelevant he has completely
isolated and marginalized the press they
could have stood they could have
withstood this to close the government
they could do it next time it's not
going to kill them they're not going to
be voted out of office for that they
will be voted out of offices they
continue to do nothing if they can't
pass health care if they can't get a tax
thing going you know the other thing
about this I'm going to say this to
conservatives because I know I know
you're not going to like hearing this
but we we small government types we need
to learn to approach problems that
bother the people
before the left gets to them because now
Obamacare is in place and whatever they
do there's going to be shreds of
Obamacare left in it there were good
free market solutions to the health care
problem eliminating the the fact that
insurance companies couldn't compete
across state lines and things like that
they would have brought down the cost of
health care a lot more competition a lot
less regulation would have done a lot of
good things but we don't address these
problems because the left gets to them
first because we think small government
means government does nothing but
government that can facilitate solutions
that are free-market that are more
libertarian
you know the other day I'm not going to
play this because it's just too long but
Jimmy Kimmel went on and his his little
baby is his wife had a baby and the baby
had a heart problem and needed bypass
surgery this amazing bypass surgery and
he told this thing and he's crying on
air and it's all very sympathetic and at
the end of it he makes it a pitch for
universal health care he makes it a
pitch for Obamacare all over for 2014 he
would have died because not you know
because a millionaire like Jimmy Kimmel
couldn't have gotten it you know he
makes this pitch for this you know
you're never gonna win that argument you
are never going to win against Jimmy
Kimmel's heart trouble baby you know
that you have that you do nothing so
conservatives have to learn to act and
provide free market solutions and not
just clean up after Democrats come in
with the simple argument which is always
will give you money they will take care
of it you have a right you have a right
you have a right to health care you have
a right to my money you have a right to
take my money to pay for your health
care you have a right you know that
argument is going to win if you don't
solve the problem with small market with
small government solutions first you
know Trump so far seems to me to be
really really good at the part of being
the president it's like being in
business you know he's like he makes
good appointments like a businessman he
is good at delegating Authority like a
businessman he's decisive like a
businessman he listens to all the
opinions that he makes his decision he's
really been good at this he's not so
good so far at the parts of Dean and
government that are like being in
government like the cat wrangling the
back scratching the you know negotiating
there's they say he's not that big a
help in these negotiations and he hasn't
learned
to do Congress yet as I keep saying
about Trump them the remarkable thing
about him is as much as he sometimes
looks like a dope he learns he really
does learn he's a smart man you do not
succeed at businesses as difficult as TV
and you know New York real estate
without being a smart guy who learns
while he's learning he has got to learn
to stop saying stupid stuff hey you know
it really is a problem he wasn't a
problem he was a candidate I don't I
don't mind all the stuff he says like
the other day he said yesterday he said
that he gave all these interviews for
his hundred days and he said I'd be
honored to meet with King jeonghwan if
the circumstances were right well you
know King John moon is like a nut who
put who makes videos about destroying
the White House not honored to meet with
him I understand it's a small thing you
know you're not honored to meet with the
other thing it doesn't it doesn't even
bother me when he says that Kim jong-un
is a smart guy a smart cookie he called
him and everybody says why are you
calling him a smart cookie well you know
I get that I get that you know you can
you can demonize evil people and crazy
people what he's saying is this guy is a
formidable opponent he is not just some
dope he's a young guy took over know
killed his enemies took over a
government he's still there he's a
formidable opponent you don't just you
know you don't just run over him you got
to work this stuff and the press tries
to make a big deal about this that
doesn't bother me but when he says when
he did this thing about Andrew Jackson
yesterday and he just makes it you know
it just sounds like a bonehead you know
play play what he said about Andrew
Jackson if somebody compared him to
Andrew Jackson Andrew Jackson populist
president the big Democratic president
because he he grew up in absolute
poverty and by the way I am NOT like a
Jackson a guy beats up on Jackson
Jackson had problems he grew up in
poverty they they score him for being a
slave owner he was really a slave dealer
in his youth a little bit not not much
but he was you know but that was the
world he was living in he had some great
military victories obviously the Battle
of New Orleans and the Battle of
Horseshoe was called Horseshoe Bend I
think it was where he ended the Indian
Wars you know he was a cop
military guy and a scratch you know a a
scrappy guy who won the love of the
people I'm not a Jackson hater but but
this this thing they compared him to
Andrew Jackson because he too was kind
of the guy who appalled the elites and
here is Trump talking about this I mean
had Andrew Jackson been a little bit
later you wouldn't have had the Civil
War he was he was a very tough person
but he had a big heart and he was he was
really angry that he's so always
happening with regard to the civil wars
there's no reason for this people know
as you know the Civil War yeah try to
think about it why people don't ask that
question why was there the Civil War
what could why could that one not have
been worked out yeah that was a part of
the deal I mean you know is that I don't
think he's I don't think he's missing
the point that obviously Jackson was
dead for I don't know 15 16 years but
I'm still working walk but he just
sounds like a dope there nobody asked
the question why this of a warrior
is he ever actually been in a library a
bookstore
any place you know and why couldn't we
have worked that out yeah yeah yeah well
let you keep some slaves just don't whip
them so much it's like doing a default
look a deal do you make the stop the
Civil War the only thing I gotta say and
this is a bad day for Trump so I'm just
being honest about it you know this is
not drunk Trump has his good days and I
certainly celebrate them and this is not
a good day for him I will say this he
still has all the right enemies before
we go to christina hoff sommers which
we're going to do in just a minute i
just have to play this one clip two
clips Trump went off on the left wing
guy at CBS John Dickerson this guy's a
total Democrat toady okay he's not
doesn't mean a bad journalist but just a
total left winger and Trump went off of
him in the Oval Office walked away from
him you saw what happened with
surveillance and I think that was
inappropriate what does that mean sir
you can figure that out just like the
reason I answer you said he would call
them sick and
look you can figure it out yourself he
was very nice to me with words but and
when I was with him but after that there
has been no relationship but you stand
by that claim about simply anything I
just you can take it the way you want
I think our sides have been proven very
strongly and everybody is talking about
it and frankly it should be discussed I
think that is a very big surveillance of
our citizens I think it's a very big
topic and it's a topic that should be
number one and we should find out what
the hell is going on
I just wanted to find out though you're
either president United States you said
he was sick and bad because he am junk
anyway you can take it any way you want
but I'm asking you because you don't
want to take news I want to hear it
repression is really you don't have to
ask why not because I have my own
opinions you can have your own opinions
but I want to know your opinions here
the president United States it's enough
so he walks away on me let he call this
show to face the nation and all the
stuff
so here's Colbert right Stephen Colbert
goes on gives a monologue just
absolutely from hate bleeding from hate
and then he says basically I'm going to
stand up for our guy Dickerson on CBS
here we go so aside from the fact that
he's being attacked by gay people for
that last coarse remark that's you know
there's something citing the fact he's
not that funny there's something
actually serious about this this is the
entertainment news complex telling you
that they are going to protect each
other if they don't win in the news
media they're going to win on the
entertainment front this is why Donald
Trump if all continues like this this is
why they'll get reelected what Wow how
bad he does no matter how many dopey
things he says these guys are their own
worst enemy and Trump has the right
enemies and he has started to
marginalize them I hope he continues to
do it within the bounds of the First
Amendment
christina hoff sommers one of my
favorite guests a resident scholar at
the American Enterprise Institute where
she studies the politics of gender and
feminism free expression due process and
the preservation of Liberty she's also a
former philosophy professor as well as
the author of several books including
who stole feminism if you haven't read
it it is terrific the war against boys
if you haven't read it it is also
terrific she hosts a video blog on
YouTube called the factual feminist and
you can find her on Twitter at
CH summers Somm ers Christina is she
there you DIF can see you so I have to
tell you I was at Oberlin College and I
said do you think they're going to be
any protesting they said well no matter
how bad it gets it's never going to be
as bad as Christina was for christina
hoff sommers what did you do to those
poor children
I spoke common sense that was triggering
I triggered they came to the lecture
hall but they had a safe room where
students could sleep and I triggered 30
young women and a therapy dog oh you
killed the baby all right what what is
it that you say I mean what we've heard
you talk and I've read your books and
you always talk good common sense what
were you saying
that got them so upset I think the most
upsetting thing I said was that women in
America are not oppressed we have cross
just like men but we are not in
oppressed class this was considered
heretical we're screaming they were you
know they had posters they told me to go
home and take my internalized misogyny
with me general I'll cop enough how
could I not take it out on them so you
stripped them of their victim status
basically yes which is a microaggression
know why is it aside from the fact that
it's absurd I mean anybody who's been to
Oberlin is this beautiful College if
you're there you're one of the most
privileged people on the face of the
earth Why Why are they incapable why do
you think they're incapable of even
listening to you I mean you always talk
you always talk a very factual way you
are the factual feminist you always
thought you could bring the stats and
all this stuff
why is it impossible to them even to
listen to you a lot of commenters talk
about special snowflakes and that these
are this new fragile generation that's
grown up with too many trophies and
self-esteem program
I don't think that explains what's going
on I think this is the result of some
very bad ideas heavily promoted in
certain departments particularly gender
studies ethnic studies and some just
some humanities courses called
intersectionality yes it's this idea
that the United States is appears to be
a land of freedom and opportunity but in
fact it's an axis of a particular matrix
of oppression they're intersecting
active of
domination and depending on your race
class gender you know whether you're
neuro typical
or you know young or old and so forth
they're old so all these ways you can be
oppressed and some people are multiple
marginalized in this matrix and they
keep this to students it's a neo Marxist
theory or some kind of postmodern
neo-marxist model derivative but it
sanctions a great deal of
authoritarianism intolerance it treats
language as violence yes or no till it
win yeah when I spoke at Oberlin what
English professor called Mike's talk
discursive violence so if someone's
being violent that justifies
self-defense it justifies all sorts of
things so they have reinterpreted speech
because what they would say is that by
coming there and denying women's
oppression I was supporting this false
narrative I was supporting this matrix
of oppression so they had every right to
try to silence me you know it reminds me
you know the the priests theologian
Bonhoeffer talked about cheap grace and
it seems to me like cheap courage you
know it means that you're a hero just
for being a woman in America you're a
hero for standing up against somebody
speaking and you're essentially
stripping them of their virtue in their
heroism which I think must be
you know yesterday we were talking about
this film The Handmaid's Tale based on
the Margaret Atwood novel and all these
reviews saying this is Trump's America
Trump's America where women are being
enslaved do you when you look at Donald
Trump I mean I have all kinds of
problems with Donald Trump but when you
look at him do you think he presents any
special threat to the women of America
not really I mean I think he's you know
you've elected a nine-year-old boy and
to the presidency idiots right yeah I
don't think he has the attention span to
be a threat near we gone to one thing or
another is just confusing everyone with
it
quicksand tweets and you know I don't
and I think we got a lot of women voted
for him not only they particularly liked
him right they prefer they thought maybe
his policies would be better than those
Hillary Clinton so I don't think they
were endorsing is it behavior I can't
well that's that's the other thing I
mean just to to go off on that for a
minute the not just Trump but this whole
thing at Fox News with this culture of
chasing women around the desk basically
from the night is like this 1950s
culture you know that that does seem to
me obviously the culture a culture of
slobs
you know you know I mean it is
disgraceful but it hardly seems to me a
danger to the women of America who are
perfectly empowered to fight back
against it in a million ways or Emma am
I missing something
no I mean I think there are still on
plays of misogyny and the Fox may have
been one song and it was the men of a
certain age and grew up with certain
expectations and finally they were
removed but if you want to help women
who are apprentice or victims of
assaults and harassment
then tell the truth about I get it right
and don't I think what we have on campus
for example is an immoral panic around
you know women's fertility and moral
panic don't tell problems that they do
breathe fanaticism that's what we yes
you know I've been listening to
Camille Paglia as a new new book out
about the she's talking about the
assault on masculinity and she says she
basically says that this this kind of
attack on masculinity and interest in
androgyny is an in stage of a
civilization she talks about how like
the you know the Roman statures became
more effeminate Roman sessions of men
became more effeminate just as the
German you know barbarians were massing
and now Isis is massing on our borders
and all this do you see that kind of
danger I mean certainly you have talked
a lot you have the book the war against
boys you've talked a lot against about
the attack on masculinity let's start
with that
do you see an attack on masculinity
itself definitely I see it throughout
the popular culture more worrisome to me
is in the classroom a little boy any
parent of a young boy be aware that the
classroom is a hostile environment for
him there's very little tolerance for
young male you know liveliness
obstreperous --mess they're not exactly
like girls many of them are quick
engaged in a lot of rough-and-tumble
play and that's what they like to do
that's what they want to do all the time
girls do it too but boys do it a lot
more and the classroom even the play
graph is not allowing them without you
know punishment you're constantly
hearing that little boys suspended for
playing cops and robbers that sort of
thing the reading assignment it's
tailored to the interests of girls and
boys are way behind in reading and
writing across all ethnic groups
the girls are stronger more likely to go
to college winning the honors we're
doing very little about it because the
education establishment is still captive
to this theory of patriarchy they're all
about to do anything for boy that's too
bad because the Australians the
Canadians the English they are
addressing this problem because they see
it as a threat to their economy their
future workforce and we do have a huge
problem with disengaged mail and it
starts in the early grades now
you know one of the problems I've always
felt that men have in this kind of
battle between it's not a battle of the
sexes because it's not women it's
feminists it's a certain group of women
is is that for men and young men
especially talking about masculinity is
not masculine in and of itself
you know defining it talking about
manhood is something that men it's kind
of creepy to hear young men you know old
guys like me you can do it because we're
sort of like past that point but I think
for young guys when they talk about you
know manhood they just sound like
they're strutting around and boasting
and it's very hard for them to define
what what it is they are specifically
specifically what would you like to see
happen it would turn this tide around
well first of all we have a sort of
brain trust on gender issue which is the
pertinent professors of Gender Studies
the women in this divot in the feminist
think tanks they create the studies they
give the data accused by journalists is
used by politicians everyone it's
unreliable and it's all rigged against a
little boy for sure and men and you're
right masked men do not typically
organized around their own victimization
they'll organize they go out and you
know do all sorts of things but not you
know get there the next day doesn't
happen very often so it's probably
enough to be mothers and fathers and
others you know who sent the boys
they're not going to do it especially
not in this situation and they enabled
it'll be Hillary but anyway the problem
is that we have all this misinformation
we don't have good reliable research our
male and female behavior and on
pathologies and who is worse worse off
is better off it's a complicated mix of
benefits and burdens what saddens me is
that women do have problems there is
hard to be horse a single mother there
is a feminization of poverty but we need
to talk about that but if we're not just
remote far less perspective we need to
talk about family
we talk about ways to stabilize marriage
we have a dysfunctional culture of
single motherhood which does lead to
poverty and it has very apparently very
good data on this now coming from say
thanks and scholars about what it does
to young men with a single coming from a
single-parent home usually a single
mother it has a disparate impact it's
harder on the young man the young woman
her mother's she looked up to her once
we left her a role model for young men
not so much she hasn't got that the idea
I'm gonna have to I could talk to you
for an hour but I have to let you go but
I would want to know do you agree with
the puggly that we're looking at
something that could be potentially
damaging to our civilization itself or
do you think she's over the top she's my
great friend and Ally and I'm a little
more practical and and really don't as
she's so learned the whole treatment
rotary internship and so she sees trends
that I may be that not aware of I'm more
optimistic I think American would create
huge problems for ourselves but were
pretty good problem solvers so I'm
thinking we will we will meet this
challenge but it's a big challenge just
to bring a fact reality and away from
this big crazy world of gender politics
Christina Hoff Sommers the factual
feminist thank you for coming on I
appreciate help you'll come back okay
she is the author of who stole feminism
the war against boys she has a video
blog on YouTube called the factual
feminist christina hoff sommers you can
find her on twitter at CH summers Somm
ers she's really terrific really a great
brain i discovered her like 20 years ago
i read that book it cannot is that
possible i can't remember but it was
long time ago Vord it in the back of a
bookstore and just started thumbing
through it and I just read the entire
book came back brought it home you know
all right
stuff I like let's deal so what we're
talking about we're talking about this
fantasy world that the left is so good
at creating and I wanted to pick a
couple of movies that
a couple of movies that show how the
left that makes good movies with truth
in them that are also lies and they do
it by changing the values of real life
into the values of the movie so we were
talking about V for Vendetta in which
the Christians are the oppressors and
the Muslims are the oppressed
well yeah you know if Christians
oppressed people then it would be
courageous to stand up against
Christians but since they don't in real
life you know it's just the instance
they are the most persecuted religion on
the face of the planet I think even
including the Jews you know I think that
they just when you change that reality
you can create a world inside the movie
in which being a left left-wing values
actually makes sense fair enough so now
I want to talk about James Cameron
obviously avatar avatar is one of the
most amazing pieces of propaganda ever
made I mean that you can get people this
is one of the things you know that when
you can get people to pay you to
propagandize them it was made during the
wars on terror which I cut of course are
still going on but was made during their
height and it's about evil Earthlings
coming to steal the energy source of
these of these these primitive what do
they call the Navi and that navigates
right the Navi they're the you know
these aliens on this other planet and
they're basically a primitive it's the
same story as Dances with Wolves as
Pocahontas even as Brigadoon if you
think about the musical about civilized
people who go to a primitive culture and
find that it is better than their
culture the day or that they in fact are
the oppressors they think the primitive
people of the savages of the evil
savages but no no the primitive people
are wonderful it's paradise and all this
stuff and the it's the civilized people
who are the invaders the cruelty the you
know the imperialists and all this so
here he becomes he has an avatar and the
hero has an avatar in which he joins the
Navi and of course ultimately becomes
their warrior leader here's the speech
where he inspires them to attack his own
people the sky people have sent us a
message Lusaka Thirupathi whoa
and they can take whatever they want
woody something new and no one can stop
about moving
we will send em a message well now to
honest beautiful you right out as fast
as a wink and carry come out to me win I
not these people know as you tell the
other clans to come on Lulu a lotta
things be Bucky talent hard rock toe
calls - then we'll take it out
you fly now with me well done sir will
my brother McAlister show the sky people
that they cannot take whatever they can
t be in that case big thing is this is
all
so if primitive is more paradise and
primitive people were nonviolent and had
what they have in this in this movie the
basically equality between the sexes you
know some of this would start to make
sense I mean basically you would have
this evil aggressive greedy Outsiders
coming and taking away what is
rightfully theirs and listen there's
just no question that in situations
where new people come into a land and
there are natives there the natives
usually get the short end of the stick
and there's it usually doesn't happen in
the nicest possible way I mean Thomas
Jefferson wanted the Indians to be
brought into American society they ended
up being virtually wiped out and left on
reservations which is even worse I think
but the whole thing is because the navvy
are a complete fantasy they are Rousseau
talked about noble savage they were
complete fantasy why because they have
light that lights up the night they have
little plants that they can use to light
up the night they can fly on dragons
they have equality with men and women
have equality or you can have all those
things but you need one little thing one
little thing you need oil you need oil
and then you can invent electric lights
and then you can have planes and then
you can have the kind of technology that
is required before women stopped being
simply vessels of the tribe right
because when you are in a savage
situation
women are birthing the new generation
they have to be protected they have to
be owned they have to be basically
chattel and that's what happens most
civilized most primitive societies are
more violent than civilized societies I
mean if you think about it that's true
you know that in Dances with Wolves they
find the wonderful Lakota tribe you know
it's like those guys we're killing
everybody
you know those tribes were at war and
all that happened was a big powerful
tribe the Europeans came and took away
their land that they were taking away
each other's land before so all I'm
saying I'm not like you know saying oh
yes let's go and kill all the the
primitive people but when avatar came
out the idea that we were taking the oil
from the iraqis when did that happen
that never happened the idea that the
iraqis were this wonderful little
primitive society
if equality on it was a torture chamber
the rack was a torture chamber when we
invaded they had Reap rooms in Iraq a
word a phrase that still sticks in my
throat
when I try to say a trip rooms where
Saddam Hussein and his kids could bring
women for their pleasure you know things
are just not that clear and this is a
wonderful piece of propaganda
tremendously entertaining movie only
because the primitives basically are
given technology through magic means
they are given technology through magic
means people were the Left were building
websites where they got to pretend to
live among the Navi was so appealing it
was so appealing because they had
electric lights except they were magic
they had flight except it was dragons
and women were not treated like garbage
which they are in many many primitive
societies you know they are treated with
violence and many primitive societies
why because men are stronger there's no
technology to make that balance out you
know I was once talking to a high-level
woman in a TV station and we were
talking about stories and I was saying
how much I like Game of Thrones and she
said in Game of Thrones I've told this
story before it's worth retelling she
said in Game of Thrones is too much rape
I saw it takes place in a non
technological society women have no
defense if you don't have gun this note
effect you know and in in primitive
societies women are much more de she
said well they shouldn't have put that
in and I said he said it's their story
they can put in anything they want I
said yes and then it would be dishonest
and it's not a great story anymore it
may still be a good story but it's no
longer a great story because it's not
honest you can't you that they can just
write the world so that they can WRI TE
the world so that their values make
sense and that is how they sell them to
you but in real life in real life does
anybody really think that this continent
should be run by people who never
invented the wheel does anybody want
think that this world would be a better
place for humanity for women for men for
everybody if this continent were still
completely run by people who didn't
invent the wheel they didn't invent the
wheel okay well I mean that you don't
get very far without doing that all
right that's that's the show tomorrow is
the mailbag
tomorrow is the mailbag subscribe get
your questions in the answers Garant
correct and will change your life
possibly for the better I'm Ann from
Cleveland this is the Andrew Clavin show
we'll see you again tomorrow
