Democrats and the media are reacting to
the health care bill passed by the house
last week with the sort of thoughtful
measured commentary one usually sees
only at an eight-year-old girl's
birthday party after a mouse gets in and
the shrieking children knock over the
cake and the candles set the house on
fire
and the fire trucks rushing to the scene
crash into one another and one engine
explodes over an undetected gas leak
causing the entire street to go up in
billowing flames that engulfed the
surrounding buildings causing them to
collapse on both the inhabitants and
innocent passers-by in an editorial in
The New York Times a former newspaper
Times editor blithering prevarication
the third said quote because of this
disastrous Republican bill everyone will
die old people sitting all unsuspecting
in their wheelchairs will suddenly keel
over expiring with pitiable gasps women
forced to go into labor just like in The
Handmaid's Tale will end their lives
wreaking for mercy men in the prime of
life will be hit by cars and crushed
under construction equipment and
innocent children will slowly grow to
adulthood and become old and finally
waste away unquote when told that
everyone would die whether the
Republicans passed a bill or not
The Times editor curled up in a corner
of his office and began to weep quietly
at the meaningless tragedy of life
make-believe American Indian senator
Elizabeth Warren also reacted negatively
to the bill Warren had recently returned
from a Vision Quest the Native American
rite of manhood in which young boys
become warriors and was already
disappointed to find she remained a
querulous old white woman but when she
heard about the health care bill she
really got upset Warren issued a
statement saying quote under Obamacare
every American could receive
unaffordable health insurance allowing
them access to doctors they hated until
the market collapsed and everything was
in chaos but this bill ruins all that
this is what happens when a bunch of
white men are allowed to change our laws
break our treaties and steal the lands
of our fathers until we weep no more
forever in the happy hunting ground
unquote Senate Minority Leader Chuck
Schumer burst into tears when the bill
passed telling reporters quote the
Statue of Liberty is crying because she
has a statue of cancer and can't afford
to go see a gigantic copper doctor for
treatment
Democrat news agencies including ABC CBS
and NBC all denounced the bill saying
quote we hope stinky rotten Republicans
will be torn limb from limb by armies of
half-dead women with pre-existing
conditions and unwanted pregnancies
caused by incestuous rapes and then will
laugh at those mean Republicans oh just
wait and see if we don't ha ha ha yawn
yawn yawn unquote the bill hasn't passed
the Senate yet and has no final form
making it impossible to know what effect
it will have
but if media reports bear any relation
to reality it will be a disaster
fortunately there's little chance that
media reports will bear any relation to
reality they never have before
trigger warning i'm andrew Clavin and
this is the andrew Clavin show
rather Cleveland weekend is over the
pall of Unknowing lifts and suddenly we
can see clearly again troll King Michael
Knowles is here our cultural
correspondent chairman of the troll
board and author of what is the name of
that book that would be reason
comprehensive guys yeah that
comprehensive got a completely blank
book that has been on the top of the
bestseller list for I think now six
years I believe so what I get on Friday
is I went down to a our local endowed
chino showroom which i didn't even know
existed it's this little place in
Beverly Hills and Indo Chino is this new
service that basically will get you what
they call in England bespoke suits made
to order tailored suits tailored exactly
directly for you at prices that are
unbelievable you can either go down to a
local showroom and have the measurements
done or you can just shop online do the
measurements yourself you know have your
spouse measure you and send them the
measurements and then you can get
premium suits for really low prices I
mean just this is the kind of thing that
really makes you look like you're
supposed to look not like the stuff that
you buy off the racks you can choose
from hundreds of top quality fabrics
personalize your suit just the way you
want it whether it's for work or wedding
or another special occasion Indo Chino
has suited up hundreds of thousands of
men and are now the largest
made-to-measure menswear brand in the
world what you do is you visit the
showroom or you shop online at in to
Chino comm int o CH Ino dot-com pick
your fabric choose your various
customizations you can choose different
lapels different collars it's genuinely
cool and fun and you submit your
measurements place your order and wait
for it to arrive in just a few weeks
this week this week my listeners can get
any premium into chinos suit for just
three hundred and seventy nine dollars
at Indy Chino comm what you do is you
enter clayvin que la VA n at checkout
so that's 50% off the regular price for
a made-to-measure premium suit a bespoke
suit and the shipping is free in to
Chino com promo code Clavin for
a premium suit for just $379 and free
shipping it's an incredible deal for a
suit that will fit you better than
anything off-the-rack ever could
so over the clave list weekend marine
lepen lost the French election to
McClung McClung is a menu at admit com
who is being described as the centrist
I'm always very very wary of these
descriptions of foreign candidates
because their their political spectrum
is so different from ours but basically
the American left is in ecstasy over
this outcome lepen is from the National
Front which used to be a fascistic
anti-semitic
party she has tried to lighten that
soften it but it's still a very
nationalistic party it is a socialist
party she's a National Socialist which
is where we get the term Nazi she is a
nationalist but she's not she's not what
we would call a right winger so it's not
exactly like you know Donald Trump or
brexit or anything like that but but it
does mean that you're that France is
still committed to the European Union
and that is the big thing so here's the
New York Times a former newspaper they
are just ecstatic this is their new
story right the French presidential
run-off transcended national politics
it was globalization against the
nationalization it was the future versus
the past open versus closed I love the
way the New York Times knows what the
future looks like versus the past the
future looks like globalization the past
looks like France you know and and the
problem with this is that first of all
let's say this lepen suffered a very bad
to feed Emmanuel macron who's like I
said he's been described as a centrist
he is a businessman and remember France
is virtually a socialist country where
they riot when you try to get them to
work more than 35 hours a week no one
has explained to them that they can't
have all the social problem the social
programs they want funded by people who
only work 35 hours a week because you
don't create enough wealth and that is
the problem they're having but the big
thing the big thing the big difference
between micro and lepen is her address
of this
Islamic immigration problem that is a
genuine problem throughout the West and
Makran was quoted as saying things like
there is no such thing as French culture
terrorism is an imponderable problem
it's impossible you can't even ponder it
don't even ponder the problem and you
know the thing is 'la Penn's party the
Penn's voted better than the National
Front has ever done before there's going
to be in a month is going to be a
parliamentary election and so who knows
how many seats they will win we don't
really see this yet so we don't really
know what's happening but the thing is
how long how long can this be put off
how long can it be put off can they the
Europeans deal with putting off the
question of Islam I mean cities like
Rotterdam cities are being taken over by
Islamists and the thing about Islam as
we always have to say this this is not
about Muslim people it is not about
Muslim people it is about a philosophy
Islam is different than both
Christianity and Judaism in that it's
political role is inter linked with its
religious role it is politics and
religion are baked into the system and
it's oppressive so why does that not
condemn Muslim people because people
choose what they want out of religion
people say they look at their books and
they let you know and they've
interpreted away they say look I'm just
a religious guy jihad to mean me means
fighting the devil within and all this
stuff and you say great you know who
cares that's fine but Islam for all of
its existence has had a political arm
it's been imperialistic and it has been
you know it has been in favor of
conquest and what we're seeing is when
the left wants globalization what they
are against is they are against the West
they are against the english-speaking
peoples the version of the West you know
they keep saying they keep saying that
globalization has been stopped because
makalah penh lost in France and get will
ders lost in the Dutch elections even
though he also gained seats and and they
keep saying this is a rena renunciation
of what's happening here but the thing
is the english-speaking peoples have
always been unique we have always been
when you look at England
things that didn't come to England I
said it before but we're saying again
Nazism the Inquisition the French
Revolution these are the things that
stopped at the cliffs of Dover and the
things that we have inherited and this
is the stuff that the left hates but the
left hates is the legacy of the
english-speaking people which is more
freedom more independence and rule from
the bottom up you know all of the people
in Europe understand all of them
understand that the Islamic migration is
a problem but they're so used to being
told from above what they're supposed to
think that even when they vote they
don't think for themselves and if you
want to know where all this is going
Adam Gopnik
a New Yorker writer has a piece in The
New Yorker today and I could tell you
believe me this is the wave of the
leftist future it's called we could have
been Canada and that's supposed to be a
good thing gopnik I think is originally
from Canada we could have been Canada
the revolution is the last bulwark of
national myth our American Revolution
but in sanctifying it we forget that it
was more horrific than heroic okay this
is in The New Yorker right here it is
this is the first line and what if it
was a mistake from the start the
Declaration of Independence the American
Revolution the creation of United of the
United States of America what if all
this was a terrible idea and what if the
injustice --es and madness of American
life since then have occurred not in
spite of the virtues of the founding
fathers but because of them the
revolution this argument might run not
that I'm making this argument but this
argument might run the revolution was a
needless and brutal bit of slaveholders
panic mixed with enlightenment Argyll
Bartle producing a country that was
always marked for violence and
disruption and demagogy look North to
Canada were South to Australia and you
will see different possibilities of
peaceful evolution away from Britain
towards sane and whole more equitable
and less sanguinary countries no
revolution and slavery might have ended
as it did elsewhere on the British
Empire more peacefully and sooner no
peculiar institution no hideous civil
war and appalling aftermath instead an
orderly development of the interior less
violent and
inclined to celebrate the desperado over
the peaceful peasant we could have ended
with a social democratic Commonwealth
that stretched from north to south a
near continent-wide Canada the only
question is who would have defended
people in Canada would now be speaking
Russia you know you don't like Putin
Putin would be running Canada so he goes
on to say the thought is taboo the
revolution being still sacred and his
self-directed propaganda one can grasp
the scale and strangeness of the
sanctity only by leaving America for a
country with a different attitude toward
its past and its founding this is what I
heard recently on my trip to England
they kept saying to me my friends kept
saying to me you know your problem is
your trouble is this written
constitution of yours and this is the
future of the left if you don't believe
me just wait and see this is the future
of the left the American experiment was
a mistake and what they're looking for
what is the difference what is the
difference the difference is that we
haven't opted in for equality you know
I've been thinking about this all
weekend because all weekend people have
been yelling at me on Twitter and other
places that health care free health care
is a right
I think you've saying free health care
doesn't exist there's no such thing as
free health care what you're saying is
you have the right to other people's
labor you have the right to other
people's work you don't whether it's the
doctor's work or the guy whose money you
steal to pay for your health care you
are taking other people's work you don't
have that right but this idea of
equality which poisoned the French
Revolution which turned it into a blood
fest right you know this is one of the
things Emmanuel macron said you know
Trump should take it easy because you
owe us because of the help of Lafayette
you owe us for your freedom well thanks
you know it's the last military thing
you guys ever did that worked you know
you appreciate oh it's been a long time
this dream of equality this dream of
secularism this dream that the Brit
english-speaking peoples have never
quite embraced is what they are selling
and in order to sell it they are going
to have to start convincing you and this
is going to be the new argument that
it's all been in error and you see this
too in this the hysteria the absolute
hysteria over this health care bill
which we'll talk about another time I
mean you know the
is a real question you know the the
right is very upset that the house
hasn't managed to actually repeal
Obamacare and so many people are saying
you know they have now accepted
Obamacare is failed on every level it's
failed it failed politically it made the
dent got the Democrats swept out of
power it's failed practically but but no
one can say no one even among the
Republicans is willing to say health
care is not a right because you don't
have the right to other people's work
and you know the thing is a free-market
system it works for TVs it works for
everything else a TV comes out it cost
ten grand and then you know two years
later cost $600 if they said if if they
said to doctors you have to charge the
same thing to a guy with insurances
without insurance and compete openly and
you have to post your prices and have to
be the same for everybody whether he
needs the health care or not things
would be a lot difference in just when
you decree that the things are a right
that they become expensive that's when
they become expensive anyway this whole
hysteria over power bleeding away from
the top is this love of equality this
European level of quality that they
think works but it only leads to death
it leads to slow death and that's what's
happening in Europe is the slowed
watching the slow death of Europe
there's just no question about it it
really is it really is almost the after
death Europe died in the two world wars
and we're just watching the body rot in
some in some sense but I think you know
the fact that the the english-speaking
peoples have always opted for freedom
they've always opted for it evolved
slowly in in England but it did evolve
this bottom-up government that then was
finally expressed in the Constitution
that is what the Left hates because they
want that power you know this is the
thing in the same way that free
healthcare doesn't mean anything it just
means other people's labor equality
means power equality means power for the
elite that's all it really means we got
Michael Knowles coming up but you got to
come over to the daily wire.com to hear
it or watch it you can watch it if you
subscribe and if you subscribe for a
year for just a lousy eight bucks a
month not only can you be in the mail
bag and ask questions that will the
answers to which will change your life
you also get a free copy of the arroyo
we're still giving away the
yeah excellent all right come on over
the deli wire calm and here Knowles
