there was a lot of talk over the weekend
about how the Trump administration has
fared during its first hundred days but
now let's take a look at what Democrats
have achieved over that same period
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer has
steadfastly refused to negotiate or
compromise with the administration in
any way in a bold statement of principle
Schumer told reporters quote I won't i
won't i won't no no no you can't make me
you're not the boss of me
i won't i won't i won't unquote schumer
then lay down on his stomach and pounded
his fists against the floor while
drumming his feet and saying he didn't
want to go to bed and it wasn't fair
because the republicans got to stay up
late and watch all the good television
shows schumer finally calmed down when
george soros gave him a big fuzzy check
which he rubbed against his face with
one hand while sucking the thumb of the
other he's been napping quietly ever
since on the house side Minority Leader
Nancy Pelosi has had a very productive
hundred days in a speech she made to a
potted plant while applying lipstick to
her forehead
Pelosi said quote President Obama or
President Trump whichever one is the one
I'm not supposed to like has done many
stupid things like trying to create jobs
when everyone knows that unemployment is
the greatest driver of the economy in
Peru or whatever country this happens to
be that's why we have to pass a bill to
find out what's in it or vice versa
depending on who's in office what was I
saying Who am I unquote mrs. Pelosi then
swiveled on her heel and strode proudly
away until she smacked into the wall
stumbled backwards tripped over a chair
slid across the floor into the hall and
went bumpity-bump down the stairs on her
backside until she flew out the front
door at that point she remarked quote
boy that hasn't happened to me since
Thursday unless this is Thursday unquote
Hillary Clinton spent the last 100 days
making important policy speeches
submitting a budget to Congress and
ordering military intervention in Libya
until friends explained to her once
again that she had in fact lost the
election whereupon she began to whimper
quietly and was gently escorted back to
bed
and of course former President Barak
what's-his-name spent the first hundred
days of the Trump administration
yachting with billionaire friends and
collecting exorbitant speaking fees to
address Wall Street bankers former
President Obama
overheard telling anyone who would
listen quote I do think at a certain
point you've made enough money but
damned if I can figure out when that is
personally for me I'm thinking it'll be
about the time I can ski down a mountain
of gold coins $100 bills like Scrooge
McDuck while shouting I care about the
poor ha ha ha ha ha unquote so all in
all it hasn't been a great hundred days
for the Democrats but then think how
much worse it would be if they actually
were in power
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
