ESPN has fired a huge number of its
people the sports channels audience
reacted by turning off his television
and discussed reports say the firings
include over a hundred on-air
personalities dozens of
behind-the-scenes staff and several
people who just happen to be walking by
the studio ESPN will also be changing
its slogan from the worldwide leader in
sports to offices for rent plus
memorabilia cheap the firings come after
many viewers complain that the sports
channel had become overly political and
left-wing for some reason the audience
didn't seem to enjoy having their
political opinions denigrated by a group
of men who never managed to do anything
more with their lives than comment on
other people's sporting achievements but
ESPN president skip dunderhead said
politics had nothing to do with the drop
in audience he told reporters quote I'm
sure our viewers love to have us explain
to them how ignorant and racist they are
I'm sure they wouldn't want us to just
give them the game scores and then shut
the hell up that wouldn't make any sense
unquote ESPN ESPN commentator Jackie
clueless host of the weekly show
basketball roundup Donald Trump stinks
says he can't understand why his
audience plummeted to 17 people after
the episode entitled LeBron James
discusses how much I think Donald Trump
stinks
Jackie issued a statement saying quote
it has been a deep honor to serve the
audience of ESPN by telling them what a
crappy president they elected because
there's such a bunch of ill-educated
slobs if I've brought even a little joy
into the lives of the fascist Trump's
Trump sucking scum who used to watch
this channel I feel my time here has
been well spent
unquote another ESPN show host chip
hateful says he was totally taken aback
by his firing and by the cancellation of
his football show hey football players
stopped praying there is no God in a
farewell statement at the end of the
final episode chip said quote I know
many of you appreciated what a valuable
service I provided by debunking your
deeply held faith with the light of my
superior wisdom I'm sure it was obvious
to you that a man who can recite the
entire roster of the 1957 Cleveland
Browns should be your go-to guide on the
big theological questions every week I
tried to bring you at least one more
example of how praying doesn't change
anything after all if there really were
a God then he would have given me
talent and athleticism instead of making
me a five-foot-seven nebbish who never
got picked for the team in school unless
the teacher said everyone had to play
unquote I know we here at the Andrew
Clavin show will sorely miss having our
beliefs ridiculed by the ESPN lineup and
we can only say to all those who are
fired we're sorry to see you go and stay
out trigger warning
I'm Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Clavin show
