thousands upon thousands of irritating
buffoons with nothing better to do
took to the streets over the weekend to
march for science many of these pro
science marchers are people who believe
that if a man puts on a dress and gets
breast implants he magically becomes a
woman and that it's perfectly fine to
kill an unborn baby until a blue fairy
sprinkles it with sparkly light and
turns it into a real boy
maybe that's Pinocchio it's all very
confusing so if the people marching for
science are so incredibly irrational in
idiotic and unattractive and allowed and
irrational and unattractive then what is
this science they're marching for and
why are they all so stupid I think I can
explain you see these people aren't
marching for science they're marching
for science science is a technique for
understanding the material world through
observation and experiment like when you
mix baking soda and vinegar in a test
tube and then put a cork in the test
tube in the mixture bubbles up and
forces the cork to shoot across the room
and hit your little sister in the
forehead
that's real science and not only can it
be useful for making electric
skateboards and curing cancer but it's
also absolutely hilarious when your
little sister goes staggering backwards
and falls into the laundry hamper
especially if you can get out of the
house before your mom smacks you
cross-eyed as you obviously deserve but
the science the March for science
marches are marching for is not that
science but science science is a leftist
word meaning a combination of unreliable
computer models and meaningless
consensus used to create panic in order
to shut down debate and promote
socialist programs that will give more
power and money to the people who use
the word science to mean something other
than science for example our best
unreliable and continually mistaken
computer models show that if we don't
cut back at all on greenhouse gas
emissions higher temperatures could
cause sea levels to rise about two feet
over the course of the next century
this means that Al Gore would have to
spend the next nine decades moving his
beach towel back from the shore
at a rate of approximately 2.6 inches a
year also he should put on a shirt
because let's face it the guy has blown
up like a balloon according to many
science marchers we must avert this
computer model inconvenience to Al Gore
by immediately raising unemployment
destroying the economy and putting an
end to fracking which Cree
it's cleaner energy with little harm to
the earth now you may say wait that's
the stupidest thing I ever heard but
that makes you a science denier a phrase
meant to remind people of those who deny
the Holocaust which is exactly like the
climate catastrophe except for existing
in reality so that's why we here at the
Andrew Clavin show support the march for
science it's a harmless activity for
mentally deficient leftists that will
keep them out of their homes where they
might do something dangerous like having
sex and reproducing trigger warning I'm
Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Clavin show
I just barely survived the Cynthia angle
memorial challenge the Cynthia and cool
little memorial challenge is where the
lady who does our illustrations for the
opening she just tries to crack me up
and it's a Memorial challenge because if
she does it I'm gonna kill her
all right so this week the Cleveland
last weekend at last is over long last
is over but this week is a little bit
different because I'm traveling to
Oberlin College tomorrow to give a
speech on fake news and so there won't
be a show tomorrow but there will be
show Wednesday Thursday and Friday so
we'll have a full week but this means
that you have to get in your mailbag
questions I won't be here to remind you
to get in your mailbag questions
tomorrow so you got to get them in for
Wednesday when I will answer your
questions with a hundred percent
accuracy guaranteed to change your life
possibly for the better and we have
Knowles the trolls here control
Michael Knowles Willie here is our
cultural correspondent in this is his
now he's like part-time job that he just
does it's a hobby really he doesn't need
the job anymore the guy is so wealthy
from publishing his book his blank book
they but he does occasionally like to
drop in because I buy the Scotch oh he's
a cheap he's cheap I said what can I
thought thinking over the weekend I was
what I was watchin this French election
over the weekend and you know I'm always
hesitant to talk about other people's
countries because I've lived in other
people's countries and one of the things
I realized is that you don't know the
country until you've lived in it for
several years and then you begin to
detect all the subtle cultural
connections and all this stuff so you
can't very hard to you know des claimed
on other people's country but I do think
this thing where what happened was the
two main parties which were basically a
leftist party in a Conservative Party
who have been governing since the war
basically they both lost and marine
lepen has now set up this very
conservative nationalist candidate has
now set up to lose to McCrone who is
kind of they say a centrist which is
hard to know what that means from far
away and the reason I say she's gonna
lose everybody keeps saying well they
said Trump was gonna lose and he won and
that's true but she's something like 60%
down in the polls and the elections were
like in a week
me seventh I guess so it's unlikely but
it did show you that the just like here
where a guy won as a Republican who's
not really a Republican Donald Trump
there's something going on the old order
is passing away the order that has been
in place since the war since World War
two is passing away and a new you know
new divisions are being drawn new lines
have been drawn they keep calling it
globalism versus nationalism but I don't
really think that's what it is I think
it's a class divide I think it is a
divide between elites who are looking at
a world that is a nice place to live for
people who work with their minds people
who work with words here we have the
First Amendment so your words aren't
gonna get regulated hopefully if we can
keep people like the people who run
universities out of power you know so so
things are good for us you know you know
like yeah sure you can have whatever
kind of sex you want but smart educated
people know eventually the best thing to
do is get married have your kids in
wedlock that's what they do they go
they've gone back to church they're
having a great time it's just the people
they convinced to grab hold of the new
you know kind of 1960s morality all
those people are wallowing and dying and
unemployed you know and they and these
people people are being left behind so
it really is this class division and you
know there was a piece in City Journal
where I am a you know a contributing
editor city journal is the Manhattan
Institute's magazine and there was a
piece a while back where a guy went out
a guy named Gregory Ferrand Stein went
out and he took a poll of elites in
Silicon Valley and they you know you
figured these guys are visionaries they
are the guys who see the future and they
said where do things gonna be like and
here's what he wrote he said over the
very long run an increasingly greater
share of economic wealth will be
generated by a smaller slice of very
talented or original people everyone
else will increasingly subsist on some
combination of part-time entrepreneurial
gig work and government aid sounds great
doesn't it looks like this is gonna be
six guys in Silicon Valley making a
fortune and you're gonna get government
aid so the way the valley elites see it
everyone can try to be an entrepreneur
some small percentage will achieve wild
success and create enough wealth that
others can live comfortably many tech
leaders
you're optimistic that this type of
economy will provide the vast majority
of people with unprecedented prosperity
and leisure though no one not quite
knows when and I talked to this guy
Gregory and he was saying you know it's
gonna be great it'll all be Burning Man
you know you sit around you'll take
drugs you'll be so creative you don't
need a job you'll get a guaranteed
government income because Bill Gates
will be so rich he'll be able to be
taxed to give you a guaranteed income no
matter what you do and like I said to
him so where's the meaning of life you
know where's your dignity as a person
who creates something and make something
supports a family where's your honor
where's your sense of usefulness in the
world oh you know you know who you don't
need that so this is you know so you
wonder why people are dying of oxycontin
addiction this is why because elites
have left these people behind and it's
weird
it is weird for me personally if I may
add a personal note I'm in a class war
on the other side you know cuz I'm an
elite you know there's not and my guy
works I work with my mind you know I've
done well with with what I do you know
I've been a big mystery novelist and a
screenwriter and it's been a good life
and all this stuff you know I'm I'm on
that side I go to the Opera I drink
white wine I eat brie cheese I do all
that terrible stuff I know get out get
out but it's like I can't I you cannot
have a system that just leaves everybody
else behind so you know I was watching
let's play marine lepen here is marine
lepen inch and remember her father was
one of the great you know these guys the
right wing in Europe as a kind of
fascist tinge to us to it that the right
wing in America does not have because we
support the Constitution and that keeps
us from becoming bad guys but her father
was really a very he was anti-semitic
and he was you know hyper nationalist
but she is kind of toned that down a
little bit but listen to her speech at
getting into the runoff so she won this
level and now she has to go on and into
a two-person runoff and listen to what
she says French people have to take on
both that historical challenge because
the challenge of that election is wild
globalization which attacks are very
civilization it's a very simple choice
with France either we carry on towards
total deregulation without any border
any protection with the
consequence it entails with
international unfair competition mass
emigration the free trade and the free
circulation of terrorists or you choose
the France with borders that are going
to protect have employment and a
national identity so you have two
choices and that's the real alternatives
the real one not the one when government
really changed without nothing serious
ever changing but I'm suggesting that we
should aim for the real alternative
fundamental elements which is going to
put in place a new type of politics new
faces and real renewal you know when
she's talking about the borders
you know people on the intellectuals
elites on the right and left are saying
look at free trade look how wealthy
everybody gets from free trade and yes
that's true if you don't mind the fact
that free trade means your job goes to
Mexico or your it goes to some other
place where they can do it cheaper and
you're now out of work and there's got
to be some kind of solution to that it's
it's not gonna be you know a guaranteed
income and oxycontin that's just not
gonna work for too many people and the
whole thing about ideas these ideas have
to work it's not enough for them to be
good and Noble and true they also have
to work nobody's gonna sit around and
celebrate liberty when his kid is
starving nobody's gonna sit around and
you know celebrate free speech if if he
can't you know feed his family that's
why the left is always saying don't let
a good crisis go to waste because when
the crisis hits then that's when they
can move in and get government power and
destroy the Constitution or all the
things the Democrats love to do listen
to Trump he sounds exactly like lepen
mrs. Trump's message for the you know
his weekend message a new optimism is
sweeping our country as we return power
from Washington and give it back to the
American people where it belongs for too
long American workers were forgotten by
their government and I mean totally
forgotten their interests were pushed
aside for global projects and their
wealth was taken from their communities
and shipped across the world all across
the seas my administration has offered a
new vision the well-being of the
American citizen
and worker will be placed second to none
and boy do I mean second to none you
know and people when the elites here
they say oh it's dark it's dark yeah cuz
things are going great for them you know
they're not sitting around wondering
what they're gonna do or where the
meaning of their life is coming from and
the borders you know this is a really
tough one because I am a committed
anti-racist I believe racism is a sin
against the image of god I truly do but
I also believe that France is made of
French people America is not made of you
know English people America is made of
anybody who will embrace the
Constitution it has been that way from
the beginning it has always been that
way but you can come here and you know
did they envision that the world would
get as vast and as many people would
come to America as have come I don't
know whether they envisioned that or not
but the fact is that has always been
true of America that you can come here
and become an American ain't true in
France it's never been true in England
and Germany there were always places
that had a kind of blood and soil nature
it just it was just natural to them to
do that that's how the countries were
formed so when they you know when people
say well let's open our borders and let
anybody come in there's a reason people
get upset you know if you bring in
Islamic people who think like yeah you
know Sharia law would be a better idea
you know maybe that's not such a good
thing I mean I for me it's all about the
ideas but I can understand why in France
is a racial element or at least a
cultural element to it I can understand
why in England I don't think there
should ever be that element in America
but I can understand why European
countries might you know embrace a
little bit of blood and soil and get out
of hand still but this is the problem
this is the thing this is the thing when
a realignment like this comes when a
realignment like this comes it's
dangerous
doesn't mean it's wrong it doesn't mean
it won't result in good things it's
dangerous and what is it risk is Liberty
that's what's at risk because both the
people let's call them and the elites
are perfectly capable of destroying
Liberty you know nobody you know Liberty
is a tough thing it's always it's always
a minority so it's always supported by a
minority there's always a minority who
believes people should be free because
people should be free means the guy who
disagrees with you should also be free
it's very easy to think you should be
free the government the government just
has to tell
people to do what you're doing and then
you're free that's what that's what most
people believe there's a guy in the New
York Times writing today about how you
know hate speech heat speeches and free
speeches is the new thing on the left
hate speeches and free speech yes it is
hate speech is free speech because who
decides who decides what's hate speech I
you know if I decide that saying hate
speeches and free speech is hate speech
can I silence you you know it's like who
decides nobody it's just you just have
to let the ideas out there and let the
best idea win so we're watching this and
all I can say is that the elites are
clueless to what's happening and so we
need the elites the elites defend
Liberty when they get the chance when
they have the ideas that we need to
defend certain ideas you need elites to
defend ideas but they are clueless I
mean they've been talking about the
hundred days you know the hundred days
are coming up I'm gonna pause here and
say goodbye to Facebook and YouTube but
stick with us at the daily wire.com
because you will get Michael Knowles and
getting Michael Knowles is one of the
great experiences of human life online
but come on over to the daily
