many on the Left are having a hard time
getting over the end of the Obama
administration they miss the good old
days of having a classy elegant
well-spoken president destroy every
American value and institution while
allowing the world to go up in flames in
token of their sadness at Obama's
parting the Harvard Review has gathered
together 200 poets to write a ringa for
Barack Obama Oh Ranga is a form of
poetic tribute which features two
stanzas the first stanza is a haiku
which of course is an ancient form of
short but extremely annoying poetry in
the tradition of the people who brought
you Pearl Harbor the haiku is followed
by a wacky which is a couplet named
after the editors of the Harvard review
the reviews introduction to this poetry
collection in tribute to Obama reads
quote and yes this is a real quote we
are embarking on a literary project of
historic proportions one that expresses
the profound sense of gratitude we have
for a modern political leader who is
measured thoughtful humane and literary
minded unquote here are a few samples of
the poetry and I swear I am NOT making
these up what big ears you have mr.
president and heart big as big can be
big as this pyramid and Sphinx in the
drifting sands of time here's another
one old school so cool you solitary
writer dreams midnight floating world
Sea Isle green to me baby sing Barack
sir as you please once you start them
it's kind of hard to stop isn't it your
weather said cool cigarettes
oratory who dubbed them mom jeans the
moon doesn't care I know your light
glows from the inside ok I guess it was
hard to get any poets with you no talent
to participate in an exercise like this
so I thought as a public service the
Andrew Clavin show would contribute our
own ringers of haiku wacky or wacky
coup or just wacky wacky as the poetical
case may be here's one we made up for
instance IRS scandal not a smidge of
corruption ha ha ha ha ha snow falls on
an empty space where journalism once was
brings a tear to the eye doesn't it
here's another Clavin ringin country
unemployed but I have tenure Buraq I
don't give a rat's you were so cool it's
too bad about the incompetence and
finally never say Islam makes problem
invisible holy crap were all dead it's
not in the New York Times so it never
existed according to the Harvard Review
a new poem will be added to the Renga
every day for the first hundred days
until there is not a single person left
outside of academia who is not laughing
hysterically I'll close with one more
poem trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin
and this is the Andrew Clavin show
