new revelations have come out about the
Obama administration's possible misuse
of classified intelligence information
as a weapon against political opponents
here's CNN reporting yes that's right in
the latest revelations documents
released by a whistleblower suggest that
Obama's former National Security Advisor
Susan Rice asked intelligence officers
to unmask the names of Donald Trump's
associates in surveillance documents
President Obama then ensured that those
documents would be spread far and wide
and leaked to the press in an
unprecedented abuse of surveillance in
the political sphere here's the report
from NBC News further evidence from
surveillance video cameras shows that
Vice President Joe Biden personally
crept into Trump Tower dressed in a
black cat burglar outfit broke into mr.
Trump's offices installed a bug in mr.
Trump's telephone and then left from the
window attached to a wire and dressed as
a dominatrix recreating a scene from mr.
and mrs. Smith which the Vice President
said he'd always particularly enjoyed
ABC News reported on the revelations by
pointing out that Donald Trump lied when
he said in a tweet that his quote wires
were tapped since the phone that mr.
Biden tapped was in fact Wireless
Democratic congressman Adam Schiff
called for a full investigation saying
quote if this administration can't be
trusted to know whether their phones
have wires or not and clearly there are
communist agents at the highest level of
government and I have their names right
here in this envelope which I will open
when the moment is right and the clock
strikes 12:00 and the wolfbane blooms
and hell freezes over
unquote new revelations continued to
come in in as selfie videos recovered
from the cell phone of President Obama
himself showed the former president
dressing up as a waiter so he could
deliver breakfast at Donald Trump's room
then when mr. Trump was busy eating then
President Obama attempted to plant an
eight-by-ten glossy photograph of
Vladimir Putin signed by the Russian
president with the words to the Donald
who's your Vladi
mr. Obama was in the process of slipping
the photograph under mr. Trump's pillow
when he was discovered by a Trump
security officer after a
Rowdy fight that left the room in a
shambles then president obama got the
officer in a chokehold and broke his
neck with a deadly ninja twist president
obama then attempted to escape Trump
Tower engaging in a running gun battle
with the police after a car chase
through central Manhattan ended with
Obama running his souped-up Trans Am off
a Battery Park pier into New York Harbor
the then president was recovered from
the water and taken by officers to one
Police Plaza where he was sweated by
detectives until he broke down sobbing
and confessed that it was actually he
who had signed the Putin photo Scott
Pelley of CBS News ran this report on
the story this story will continue to
develop but not on Network News trigger
warning I'm Andrew Clavin and this is
the Andrew Clavin show
all right this is it the last day before
my vacation and that world spins into
the darkness of a Clavin let's Wheaton
so much news today so many things
happening the biggest news I think of
all is that Lindsay Lohan seems to be
converting to Islam which should destroy
two threats to world peace at once I
think that's both Lindsay and Islam will
be gone in the meantime you can you know
you know what it's like when you go out
to a restaurant and suddenly you're
polite and nice to your spouse and
you're not just sitting there like
looking at your phone and you're having
wine you're laughing all that I don't
know what that's like either but you
could have that in your own home by
bringing restaurant level meals into
your home with blue apron blue apron you
know they call it home cooking but it
really is home cooking raised to the
level of restaurant cooking it will turn
you into a restaurant level chef because
they send you these great ingredients
all measured for you with very specific
instructions and you cook these meals
that are just real I mean here's here's
just some of the upcoming meals they
have salmon piccata with orzo and
broccoli right you were planning to make
that anyway no you weren't this is fresh
cool stuff excellent ingredients pork
chops and miso butter with bok choy and
marinated apple vegetable chili and
baked sweet potatoes with crispy
tortilla strips spicy shrimp coconut
curry with cabbage and rice I mean it's
really good stuff it's so fresh and they
you can choose it it's very flexible you
can choose whatever menu you want they
give you this list it's about $10 per
person to turn your home into a
restaurant and you can check out this
week's menu and get your first three
meals free with free shipping by going
to blue apron com slash Andrew so I
don't even know why I'm talking to you
they're sending you free food you will
love how good it feels and tastes to
create incredible home-cooked meals with
blue apron so don't wait it's blue apron
calm slash Andrew
blue apron calm slash Andrew for three
free meals you can try it yourself find
out what it's like to have restaurant
level cooking in your home blue apron
it's a better way to cook
so as we're sitting here the Senate
Republicans have triggered the so-called
nuclear option in the gore search
earrings the Democrats actually did
filibuster Neil Gorsuch not nomination
and Mitch McConnell who a lot of
conservatives said wouldn't do it right
he actually pulled the trigger in fact
she he actually set off a nuclear device
destroy he actually way he didn't he
took it literally I don't know he just
destroyed the Democrat Party reduced
them to radioactive ash wishful thinking
but they did get rid of the filibuster
they've got I think thirty hours
tomorrow there should be a vote on Neil
Gorsuch and he should be confirmed and
you know the press is gonna run this
they're already Bloomberg had a headline
the GOP forces the destruction of the
filibuster but we've talked about this
before it's worth mentioning again this
is totally completely utterly the
Democrats fault they for the first time
during the presidency of George W Bush
remember with all this Trump derangement
syndrome it's hard to remember that the
left was deranged over george w bush
remember george w bush was hitler it was
only when trump got nominated that
george w bush suddenly got elevated to
left-wing saint to it oh he was a decent
man you know milk mit romney he was a
decent man they were Hitler before Trump
was Hitler I mean Trump is just filling
the Hitler slot for those guys and so
this this derangement stuff started with
Bush they were they suddenly started to
block all his judges appointments the
end to filibuster every judge
appointment and so when Obama took
office the Democrat
that too two can play at this game and
net that was when Reid Harry Reid said
no no no we're gonna get rid of this
this filibuster for everything but the
Supreme Court so it's all in Democrat
aggression the whole thing has been
Democrat aggression very very exciting
times really interesting time a lot of
news there's this Devin Nunez his temper
temporarily stepped down from the
investigation into Russia on the House
Intelligence Committee issued a
statement here's the statement he said
several left-wing activist groups have
filed accusations against me with the
Office of Congressional Ethics the
charges are entirely false and
politically motivated and are being
leveled just as the American people are
beginning to learn the truth about the
improper unmasking
of the identities of US citizens and
other abuses of power
despite the baselessness of the charges
I believe it is in the best interests of
the House Intelligence Committee and the
Congress for me to have Representative
Mike Conaway with assistance from
representative trey Gowdy Gowdy and Tom
Rooney temporarily take charge of the
committee's Russia investigation while
the House Ethics Committee looks into
this matter I hate I hate to give them
any leeway I hate to give the Democrats
an inch they fight dirty they don't care
what happens they don't care about the
truth they have joined you know we've
seen we have watched the incredible
cover-up on the in the media of this
Susan Rice story and I'm not even saying
the Susan Rice story you know is that
she was breaking the law or anything
like that just the absolutely lack of
curiosity the announcement the
announcement that this story was just a
distraction let's play a little bit we
have some of the network news coverage
listen to this coverage it's it's
amazing let's unpack this whole
unmasking controversy if it is indeed a
controversy as Cecilia said in the piece
unmasking legal proper routine for
national security officials if that
information were leaked that would be a
problem yes that's exactly right but
there's not evidence at this point it
also goes to the intent of any unmasking
what's happening here is obviously it's
the politicization of national security
an attempt to deflect from the focus of
the much of the energetic point on
Capitol Hill right now it's the FBI
investigation about possible Russian
contact with the Trump transition and
campaign but this is being pumped up by
partisan media as something at least
equivalent to validate the president's
claims and so the president's things
about wiretapping nothing to do with
wiretapping at all but that distinction
is not without a difference to most
hardcore partisans right now who are
desperately trying to defend the
president or deflect away from the main
investigation the White House and
Republican lawmakers dragged or dragging
former President Obama's national
security adviser into the conversation
now she is firing back exclusively to
NBC's Andrea Mitchell Andrea good
morning to you good morning to you Matt
well former Obama national security
adviser Susan Rice is at the center of
this new political firestorm fanned by
the Trump White House to nine to NBC
that the Obama administration ever
utilize
intelligence for political purposes it's
the latest in a series of charges by the
Trump administration that critics say
are designed to distract from the Russia
investigation
it's like critics a critics critic some
critics those guys got out in the street
mr. critic right Fred critic is out in
the street you know they don't even
cover it until it's hot to have Susan
Rice tonight
there you have George snuffleupagus
suckle up against the guy in the Clinton
operative telling you telling you it's a
distraction it's just a distraction
you know it would be it would be fine if
all the rumors about Trump collusion
with Russia were reported in the same
way as just an attempt you know if this
is enough a lot because going on and
said you know oh well this is just the
Democrats way of trying to deal
ahjumma's Donald Trump and they have no
evidence there's no evidence but
suddenly only when the scandal is on the
left do they suddenly is the question
where's the smoking gun they don't ask
that question when the scandal is on the
right you know and it's just it is it's
absolutely obstruction and now there's
news according to Fox News there is news
that legislators and investigators
working with the House and Senate
Intelligence Committee investigating
allegations that the Obama
administration spied on Trump associates
they claimed that the intelligence
agencies are also stonewalling efforts
to discover who leaked names and
protected information to the media this
is Hank Barry and our own Hank Berrien
writing at the Daily wire Fox News
reported multiple lawmakers and
investigators for the panel told Fox
News the CIA FBI and National Security
Agency all agencies in position to aid
the probe are not cooperating you know
who has this right Rand Paul Rand Paul
I'm not the biggest Rand Paul fan I know
some people are like passionately love
him I think he's too much of an
isolationist for me he's too much of a
you know he's constantly so worried
about our intelligence agencies that I
worry that he would hamper them from
getting intelligence but but a lot of
his concerns are coming true and you got
to give him his due when he's right he's
right he's what he is saying let's let's
do we have a cut from Paul Young number
eight let's play this I think it's a
mistake to downgrade this and say oh it
was just incidental it's no big deal
it is a huge deal that we are collecting
millions of Americans phone calls and
that someone can go to
or put your name in and search it
without a warrant this is an illegal
warrantless search this is the kind of
stuff that is ripe for abuse from either
party and Joe had it exactly right when
he said if Dick Cheney did this to the
Obama administration bill and every
other leftist in the country would be on
the other side of this issue it's not a
racist
it's not a partisan issue and the thing
the way that Rand Paul sees it and I
think he's absolutely right they keep
going back to Donald Trump's tweet in
early March where he said that Obama
tapped my wires I think was the word he
used and he put it in quotation marks
and they keep saying well he was a
surveilled you know even even if these
names were caught up in sort of illegal
surveillance they weren't surveilling
Trump but what Paul's point is they're
surveilling everybody there now
surveilling everybody the scooping up of
information is so vast and the
wiretapping is so extensive that of
course people are going to get caught up
in this and the minute they abuse that
information the minute you have people
like Susan Wright a political operative
remember she's Susan Rice was not you
know she was in the National she was the
National Security Council she was not
like a spy you know she was she's
basically an operative she the minute
you have them abusing that information
it is tacit surveillance it's it is
tantamount to surveillance if you're
surveilling everybody and you start to
pick and choose who you're gonna unmask
and what you're gonna leaked to the
press and who's gonna you know who it's
going to come out for and and frankly if
you just string together the New York
Times stories the New York Times that
said they had information taken from
wiretaps their phrase taken from
wiretaps and the New York Times story
that the Obama administration had made
sure that these this information could
now spread to 17 agencies up with names
unmasked throughout the intelligence and
political sphere it was basically the
way Obama works it was basically
guaranteeing that this information was
going to get leaked to a willing press
that turns a blind eye to Susan Rice but
it constantly sees a scandal everywhere
the Trump is operating you know it's
really interesting to that about this is
Trump Trump is obviously at the visib
character and he has even divided the
right
and we're all sort of sitting on
tenterhooks waiting to see if he can get
his legislative agenda going is he gonna
get something some kind of repeal of
Obamacare or at least a rollback of
Obamacare is he gonna get his tax plans
going and all this stuff and it's it
because he is such a character he's such
a character you know he's like say so
oversized and so unlike any president
we've ever had before it's really hard
to know where everything is going and
there are two articles I'm gonna read
but first I have to say goodbye to
Facebook and YouTube and we're going to
have I forgot to mention we're gonna
have max McLean come on an actor who has
been doing CS Lewis we can talk to him
about changing the culture you know this
is one of the questions I get asked most
often how do you change the culture
producer actor or max McLean has been
trying to do that and doing quite well
at it too so come on over to the daily
wire com hear the rest of the show and
subscribe so you'll still be here when I
get back from vacation
