in a breaking scandal of Titanic
proportions a 2002 interview has come to
light in which Vice President Mike Pence
says he will not dine alone with a woman
who is not his wife and does not go to
events where alcohol is served unless
his wife is present they left erupted
with outrage at the news that pence took
steps to avoid being unfaithful to the
woman he loves some compared pence to a
Muslim though being a Muslim is of
course fine but pence is worse not to
say Muslims are bad but something
something something as one Twitter
leftist put it quote it's very important
that I comment angrily on the personal
lives of people I disliked otherwise I'd
have to confront the fact that my own
life is a meaningless vortex of anger
and loneliness that compels me to spread
the same leftist values that have made
me so terribly terribly unhappy unquote
feminists of course were particularly
bitter and outraged about the remark
they were also bitter and outraged
before the remark during the remark and
after the remark as prominent feminist
commentator shrilly miserable told the
cats and her partially furnished studio
apartment quote it's offensive to women
to think that just because one of us
sits down to have dinner with Mike Pence
she would want to run her hands through
his authoritative silver hair and gaze
deeply into his steely brown eyes while
sort of accidentally touching his
muscular calf with her stocking foot and
confessing that sometimes she secretly
wishes some powerful man would come
along and rescue her from the drab
emptiness of her own misguided
philosophy unquote journalists also
joined what NPR called the quote Mike
Pence misogyny debate the journalist
felt the conversation wasn't quite as
stupid and shallow as it could be and
they were sure the opinions of
journalists would fix that problem write
up the website Vox ran an article saying
it was illegal for pence not to dine
alone with women I'm not making that up
and Cosmopolitan's website ran an
article mocking pence just one day after
they posted a confessional piece by a
quote side chick that is the girl who
was sleeping with your husband because
he didn't follow the rules laid down by
Mike Pence and of course we all remember
how the media celebrated Bill Clinton's
quote complicated love story after
Clinton whitewashed his marriage of
infidelity and sexual harassment
during his convention speech last year
well those same venues attacked
hence for being quote a puritanical
latent womanizer that profoundly
meaningless phrase comes from slate
which is called slate because you have
to be as dumb as a paving stone to read
it the issue for those of you who can't
figure out why there even is an issue is
that pence acknowledges the truth about
human nature and take steps to ensure he
does what's right instead of what's
wrong when you're a leftist feminist
standing out in the cold wearing a
stupid pink hat after voting for a woman
who helped intimidate her husband's
harassment victims into silence that can
make you feel kind of bad about yourself
and maybe it's just a hat trigger
warning I'm Andrew Clavin and this is
the Andrew Clavin show
