many young people today say they believe
in socialism many young people today
also say they believe that if the yellow
Power Ranger battled ant man it would be
the coolest thing that ever happened in
their entire life many young people
today are knuckleheads but the
popularity of socialism among these
charming and attractive eunuchs
may lead many of you to ask what exactly
is socialism and what the hell is a
yellow Power Ranger socialism is a
system for making everything fair and
everybody equal and you can pretty well
guess how that crapstorm of lunacy is
going to turn out you see under
capitalism each person is free to use
his time and his money as he's able and
as he sees fit
he can use his time to learn a skill
which makes him valuable to others or he
might take university courses and social
justice and become a completely useless
pain in the buttocks if he does learn a
skill he can use it to earn money which
he can then spend in any way he wishes
if another person has used his time to
invent something cool like say an iPhone
app they can see through women's
clothing and it'd be really cool now
sorry then the people who earn money can
spend the money on the app and then the
app inventor gets to be rich meanwhile
the pain in the buttocks who studied
social justice and is therefore of no
use to anyone doesn't make any money
which is when he starts to say hey let's
have socialism under socialism the money
you earn in the time you spend earning
that money do not belong to you they
belong to the state instead of you
deciding what to do with the money you
earned the state takes the money away
from you and gives it to people they
think should have it so those people can
study social justice and be no use to
anyone and then demand more money now
you may say I earned the money what if I
don't want to give it to the state then
the state sends policemen with guns to
your house to arrest you and take your
money that's why the people who believe
in socialism are usually the same people
who want to make sure you can't own a
gun so they can rob your money at
gunpoint
without your fighting back you see under
socialism wanting to keep your own money
is called
being greedy taking other people's money
is called
being generous pretty funny huh under
socialism making yourself useful to
others becomes much less worthwhile
since you can't make money at it that's
why in socialist States the really
clever people don't do useful things
like farming or science they worked for
the state where they have the power to
take your money and even keep a little
on the side for themselves ultimately
under socialism there's a great big
state but no farmers and no doctors so
everyone starves and dies once
everyone's dead
they're finally all equal so socialism
works so hooray
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
