many young people today say they believe
in socialism many young people today
also say they believe that if the yellow
Power Ranger battled ant man
it would be the coolest thing that ever
happened in their entire life many young
people today are knuckleheads but the
popularity of socialism among these
charming and attractive mud mix may lead
many of you to ask what exactly is
socialism and what the hell is a yellow
Power Ranger socialism is a system for
making everything fair and everybody
equal so you can pretty well guess how
that crapstorm of lunacy is going to
turn out you see under capitalism each
person is free to use his time and his
money as he's able and as he sees fit he
can use his time to learn a skill which
makes him valuable to others or he might
take university courses and social
justice and become a completely useless
pain in the buttocks if he does learn a
skill he can use it to earn money which
he can then spend in any way he wishes
if another person has used his time to
invent something cool like say an iPhone
app that can see through women's
clothing and to be really cool no sorry
then the people who earned money can
spend the money on the app and then the
app inventor gets to be rich meanwhile
the pain in the buttocks who studied
social justice and is therefore of no
use to anyone doesn't make any money
which is when he starts to say hey let's
have socialism see under socialism the
money you earn and the time you spend
earning that money do not belong to you
they belong to the state instead of you
deciding what to do with the money you
earned the state takes the money away
from you
and gives it to people they think should
have it so those people can study social
justice and be no use to anyone and then
demand more money now you may say I earn
the money what if I don't want to give
it to the state then the state sends
policemen with guns to your house to
arrest you and take your money that's
why the people who believe in socialism
are usually the same people who want to
make sure you can't own a gun so they
can rob your money at gunpoint
without your fighting back you see under
socialism wanting to keep your own money
is called being greedy taking other
people's money is called being generous
pretty funny huh
under socialism making yourself useful
to others becomes much less worthwhile
since you can't make money at it that's
why in socialist States the really
clever people don't do useful things
like farming or science they work for
the state where they have the power to
take your money and even keep a little
on the side from themselves ultimately
under socialism there's a great big
state but no farmers and no doctors
so everyone starves and dies once
everyone's dead they're finally all
equal so socialism works so hooray
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
all right we are one day away from the
mailbag I know it's like it's amazing
you were sitting there today you have
problems you have questions you are
puzzled you're confused
tomorrow clarity like it's like that
clouds just partying send in your
questions we will answer them all
answers are guaranteed 100% correct and
will change your life
possibly for the better you have to
subscribe so go on over to the daily
wire comm and subscribe it's only a
lousy 8 bucks a month if you just
subscribe for the entire year you get
still Michael Knowles's book you gets
michael knowles is completely blank book
reasons to vote for democrats and if we
run out of them we'll just send your
paper it'll be fine and then we have a
new sponsor all right yeah and this is a
good one because I listen to this this
is another podcast I'm advertising
another podcast we should take ads on
their podcast so people come back here
after they listen but this is from from
wonder e it is a podcast called sound
and it is this really really intriguing
concept this guy Davey Roth bought Bart
who worked on this American Life at NPR
he has this kind of obsession with
finding weird little things just random
things and then tracing them back to
their sources and unraveling the whole
story behind them so it has a it has
this weird kind of random dreamlike
quality at this point of course people
are sending stuff in to him but it could
be like just a love note he finds or a
note one of them I heard was a note
remonstrated with a class a class on a
field trip and he just traces it back to
its source and finds out what's behind
this thing and you can find this and you
can subscribe it's on www and recom
iTunes SoundCloud and if you go on and
listen to it and subscribe it'll be
downloaded just like I'm sure you're
downloading this podcast directly to
your phone it's it's just a real it's
really different it's really an odd
thing and it really carries you along
with it you start listening to it and
then you think like I got to find out
this next part I got to find out where
this is going really really interesting
listen to a new episode of found and
subscribe to it there's a new episode
every Wednesday and you can subscribe to
it wherever you listen
podcasts including this one so I noticed
something yesterday I was sitting around
after the show and I noticed that I'm
not hysterical and this makes me almost
unique among political commentators at
this point I think and I started to
think well what you why am i I was
listening to the language that people
were using about the in the health care
debacle
there's a word debacle it was a health
care to bottle the fact that this law
didn't pass this bill didn't pass I you
know even guys like I really respect
like Charles Krauthammer who was very
high up on my list of top commentators
said this is incalculable incalculable
damage to Donald Trump and everybody
kind of talking about I was talking
about yesterday how Trump went is going
to go left because he can't find any
love from the freedom caucus on the
right
and I have to say I you know I did
complain about the freedom caucus they
have not yet proved I mean they chased
out John Bainer there they're looking
like it's gonna they might chase out
Paul Ryan they have not yet proved that
they can do anything but get in the way
it's a bit obstruct you know that's
somewhere along line we conservatives
people like me and the freedom caucus
are not in the majority some point along
line you fight and fight and fight to
get as much of what you want as you can
but somewhere along the line you gotta
govern you gotta let the government work
or else you just become the party of no
but I was thinking as well none of this
is about Donald Trump I mean ever since
Trump was elected the country seems to
have been in this crisis mode and I just
noticed that I'm not I'm not in a crisis
mode I do not think we are an American
crisis and part of this is because I've
been around for a long time when I was a
little kid when I was a little kid the
president was murdered okay when I was a
little kid were old older than that a
major political candidate for president
was murdered when I was a little kid one
of the great men of America a civil
rights leader Martin Luther King was
murdered
you know and as and even in the still in
the first half of my life Ronald Reagan
that the greatest president of the 20th
century in my humble opinion and in most
Americans humble opinion I think was
shot he was shot that was
by crisis time you know when your guys
are getting murdered that's when
American you know leaders are getting
murdered that's a crime this is like you
know politics and and Trump is offbeat
but I just thought you know it's time in
any kind of aftermath as the dust
settles from this health care thing let
me just take a look at Trump because I
had all these fears about Trump and I
listed them and I was very specific
about them and I kind of went back and
kind of looked at what they were and I
thought how's he doing compared to my
fears and I'll have a spoiler I'll give
you the end my end result but then I'll
show you what I mean is that every one
of my concerns about Trump turned out to
be true
but it turned out to be true in a fairly
mild benign form so in other words if
you know if you see a friend and he's
drinking too much you might think oh my
god this guy's spiraling into alcoholism
but maybe he's not you know maybe just
as having a few drinks too much this at
this time you know whatever and so you
can have these concerns but just because
you have concerns doesn't mean they're
going to get to the worst possible point
that they could so with with Trump I
have found that like everything I was
concerned about remains our concern with
me but none of it has developed into its
worst form and quite the opposite plus
things that I never expected good things
I've never expected have are really
coming to pass or it's still early but
are in the process of coming to pass so
overall I'm kind of I'm kind of happy
with where we are so let me give you an
example all right the first one and I
want to talk about this first because
it's the one that's kind of in in the
news and in my mind one of the things I
worried about with Trump is that he's
not a conservative I'm a conservative I
want the government to be as small as
possible on each one of us to be as free
as possible I don't want people to speak
the truth and to value the truth and
value facts value traditions even though
I don't want anybody to be forced to
follow traditions I think traditions are
of deep value what's a Democrat he's a
New Yorker you know what Ted Cruz said
about amid New York values I'm a New
Yorker it's it's true our values stink
Trump is like this and you know I was
afraid look we're gonna get a left-wing
president and my real take after he was
elected or even before he was elected
when I decided to vote for him was that
he would probably be a
you know for all the bluster and all the
loud noise he would probably be a
moderate president
so after this healthcare vote as I
predicted I said if this goes south he's
gonna start reaching out to Democrats so
that's not it so don't let it go south
so he won't do that but this is what he
said and he Trump said he was going to
reach out to Democrats and scary Spicer
at a press conference was asked by
Jonathan Karl I think of ABC was Trump
serious and Spicer said yeah
is the president serious about working
with Democrats in fact starting Friday
afternoon through late yesterday he's
received a number of calls as well as
other members of the senior staff though
had been working on health care from
members of both sides saying that they
would like to work together offer up
ideas and had suggestions about how to
come to resolution on this and get to a
house vote on this job and that's gonna
question witness ratash impression for
the White House and the president's
branded Chuck Schumer a clown you know
worked entirely with with Republicans
off on this bill and missus require a
serious change of course for the
president to some degree sure so so that
was one of my fears obviously it's true
you know this is Trump is not is it
flexible guy who has a lot of
left-leaning feelings and so that that
fear is is still in operation but but
the stuff that he's done on the right
already that is developing on the right
already has been very very impressive
the Neil Gorsuch appointment even though
it hasn't gone through yet has been very
good and may result in them killing the
filibuster I mean Schumer says he's
gonna filibuster this incredible
appointment and they may just it you
know Mitch McConnell just may kill the
filibuster altogether which would be a
really amazing thing and then they'll
just have an up-and-down vote on this
guy Rex Tillerson is out there talking
to North Korea and saying we're done
being patient with this he's dealing
with China I mean there's a lot of good
options not a lot of good options there
are some really good options for
basically getting rid of this
team in North Korea which is just a
tormenting these people and keeping them
in poverty because this fat crazy guy
you know this fat crazy family of fat
crazy people is running this country you
know and so Tillerson is really taking a
good hard line with them in a strategic
line and Jeff sessions yesterday he came
out and said you know we're going to
start penalizing sanctuary cities who
are breaking the law he talked about the
fact that they're gonna deny them some
of these legal grants that they get so
this is well let's hear sessions talking
about this failure to deport aliens who
are convicted of criminal offenses puts
whole communities at risk especially
immigrant communities in the very
sanctuary jurisdictions that seek to
protect the perpetrators duis assaults
burglaries drug crimes gang rapes crimes
against children and murderers countless
Americans would be alive today and
countless loved ones would not be
grieving today if these policies of
sanctuary cities were ended not only do
these policies endanger lives of every
American just last May the Department of
Justice inspector general found that
these policies also violate federal law
the president has rightly said this
regard disregard for law must end in his
executive order he stated that it is the
policy of the executive branch to ensure
that states and cities comply with all
federal laws including all immigration
laws so one of the things I like about
this LA is threatening to fight back
Chicago in New York you know one of the
things I love about Trump when he is
conservative is that he forces Democrats
into the position of defending
federalism of defending the fact that in
their localities people have the right
to make their own laws so when I have
one side the federal government you know
pushing conservatism and I have the left
pushing federalism I'm a happy camper
because I get a win in any direction you
know and I think so this is one of the
things like I said yes Trump has left
leanings yes he's gonna do left-wing
things
I didn't win the election my guy didn't
win the electric my guy didn't win the
primaries another guy did I don't think
any other person could have beat Hillary
Clinton
besides Donald Trump so I think that
that is a plus we're gonna get some have
to take some leftism with our meal
that's too bad I'm sorry about that but
it hasn't been malignant you know it
doesn't look like it's going to turn
malignant because of all the good
right-wing things that are doing that
he's doing it may actually last not
longer than any left wing thing he does
so in other words if he actually does
get good appointments on the Supreme
Court that's gonna have a much longer
lasting effect
the next thing boy I'm sorry you know
I'm gonna stop here and say goodbye to
Facebook and YouTube also to have a
glass of water come on over to the Daily
wire calm and subscribe so you can be in
the mailbag it's a little warm in there
but you get to ask questions and they'll
change your life
