after president Trump's devastating
political defeat over Trump care and is
now not return to health care in its
wake
Trump allies say that he will move next
on tax reform that was an open question
actually since Trump has also talked in
sterling terms about a huge
infrastructure bill that would dump a
trillion bucks into public works but
given the Trump care political circular
firing squad
well tax reform be any easier for Trump
to ram through Congress here are five
things you need to know first deficit
matters one of the first prominent
Republican talking points during the
Obama era was that Obama had blown out
the deficit which of course he had the
national debt was ten point six trillion
when Obama took office it was almost
twenty trillion when Obama left office
tax reform lowering the tax rate will
increase the deficit in the short term
even if the supply-side logic that
economic growth will increase tax
revenues pays off in the long term that
means Republicans are gonna have to
contend with a slew of headlines that
they're blowing out spending even if
they're just letting people keep their
own money and that's if they don't use
Budget Reconciliation if they do use
that the process known as Budget
Reconciliation they'll have to
demonstrate that their plan won't
increase the deficit over the next ten
years to only need fifty one votes and
the projected savings from Trump care
the one trillion bucks over 10 years
supposedly won't be available as an
excuse to cut taxes since Trump care
didn't pass and since that estimate
wasn't actually true tax reform advocate
Grover Norquist says Trump cares failure
will only allow the top marginal tax
rate to drop to 28 percent rather than
20 percent on this basis second Trump
has sent mixed messages on taxes during
the campaign Trump's tax plan was one of
the best among all Republican candidates
he called for dramatic lowering of all
of the top tax brackets but in 2011
Trump said quote I don't mind
sacrificing for the country to be honest
with you before he rolled out his
campaign plan he talked openly about
raising taxes on the highest income
earners he said I would let people who
are making hundreds of thousands of
dollars a year pay some tax I don't mind
paying a little more in taxes in May
2016 he dumped on his own tax plan after
it came out he told CNBC he wasn't a fan
of tax breaks for high earners he said
quote I am so much more into the middle
class who've just been absolutely
forgotten in our country he said that
his original tax plan was merely a
negotiation starting-point Trump said of
tax rates for the highest earners on my
plan they're going down but by the time
it's negotiated they will go up never
mind that the top
20% of income earners pay 84% of all
federal income taxes and nearly all of
the net federal income tax third Trump
loves tariffs so Trump thinks trade is a
zero-sum game a mercantilist position
that has been debunked repeatedly by
economists but that means he thinks that
American companies can only benefit if
we tax imports and subsidize exports
Trump's plain and simple tariff plan has
now been turned into something slightly
more acceptable by the Republican
Congress the border adjustment tax which
is essentially a value-added tax alloy
Europe investment returns aren't tariffs
but all goods sold in the u.s. are taxed
at 20% including investment goods while
the corporate ver tax is lowered that
means a subsidy for exporting companies
and a penalty for importers even
importers who buy products to use in
exports this should raise the value of
the dollar and by an equivalent amounts
of the tax it also punishes importers
but as William Gale of the Brookings
Institution explains quote if the theory
is correct and the exchange rate fully
adjusts rises by the level of the tax
the border adjustment would have no
effect on the trade balance the level
exports level imports the domestic price
level or the net profitability of
importers and exporters Trump may
embrace the border adjustment tax as a
substitute for his tariff love
particularly since he doesn't seem to
understand the intricacies of the border
adjustment tax but what happens when
free traders in Congress object saying
that importing American companies like
Walmart shouldn't be penalized or what
happens when the World Trade
Organization says the border adjustment
tax breaks its rules and Trump tries to
ram it through anyway calling those who
oppose him globalists fourth Trump has
very little leverage with Republicans at
this point from threatened Republicans
to pass Trump care instead he had to
pull his bill because it appeared he'd
be short by up to 40 votes in the house
Trump's desire to rush the bill his
obvious lack of knowledge on the bill
his mixed messaging on its contents all
of it combined to undercut his leverage
his leverage isn't gonna grow on tax
reform particularly given all the
interest involved
finally Democrats are not gonna work
with Trump Trump seems to think that if
Republicans won't work with him
Democrats will that's silly
Democrats despise Trump they think he's
weak they won't be able to answer to a
base with a below 10% approval rating
for the president so his tax reform
gonna go better than health care reform
or be hard for it to go worse some sort
of deal is more likely to be hammered
out for sure but it won't be Trump just
cutting the Gordian knot it will be a
knotty complex thicket the biggest
question right now is whether Trump has
the patience to actually push something
through I'm ben shapiro the
is the Ben Shapiro show
Wow when last we left our saga
it was totally unclear as to whether the
bill would pass whether in fact the
Republicans would be able to pass Trump
care the answer it turns out was no and
we're gonna get to all the ramifications
of that including most importantly as
Yoda suggests except now it's the war on
Republicans that the war on
conservatives particularly not the worn
Republicans the war on conservatives has
begun and we'll talk all about that
because Trump is actually leading that
war this is what some of us had feared
but we'll get to that in just a second
first we have to say thank you to our
advertisers over at Mack Weldon so
whatever underwear whatever sweatpants
whatever t-shirt you're wearing right
now it is not as good as what you'd be
wearing if you were wearing
Mack Walden I am personally wearing Mack
Welton underwear right now they are the
finest underwear I have ever owned I
have thrown out all of my other
underwear it is 20% off your first order
when you go to map Weldon calm right now
and use promo code Shapiro not only does
the product really hold up and you send
it through the wash a bunch of times and
it just feels the same way that it did
the first time they used it not only
that they also have a line of silver
underwear and shirts that are
antimicrobial so it gets rid of the
stench which is fantastic they want you
to be comfortable so if you if you get
your first pair and you don't like it
you can still keep it and they will
refund you no questions asked they
perform really well too it's great for
working out it's good for going out it's
all good looking gear super comfortable
it's good for relaxing in you know I
dress just to the nines on this show but
when I go home I don't wear this I get
immediately into my Mack welding gear
and spend the rest of the day writing
well in the most comfortable clothing I
can find and that is Mac Weldon go to
Mac Weldon com get 20% off using that
promo code Shapiro that is Mac Weldon ma
CK Weldon wel do n calm and get 20% off
use that promo code Shapiro it's a
pretty solid deal and again best
underwear I have ever owned and the rest
of their gear is awesome as well ok so
again when last we left our story it was
not clear it was Thursday so we had to
leave before the apex of the story
before the climax of the story and the
story climax
with Trump care going down to flaming
defeat and it went down flaming defeat
because a crappy bill because to be
frank about this there's a lot of blame
to go around the people who are not to
blame the only people who are not to
blame in this whole situation are the
people who took seriously the promises
that they made to the American people
over and over and over again for seven
years that they were going to repeal
Obamacare not replace it with Obamacare
light not replacement with Obamacare
part 2.0 now replace it with a new
subsidy not replace it with the new
entitlement program now replace it with
the same central regulations that
Obamacare maintained no no no the people
who were honest the people who are not
to blame here are the people who are not
lying to you namely the people in the
house freedom caucus so who's getting
blamed any guesses that's right the
house freedom caucus of course because
if you have the gall to cross Donald
Trump that means that you must pay the
price now it is worthwhile noting it was
not just the house freedom caucus that
opposed this bill apparently the reason
that it was pulled is it wasn't even
close so Republicans right now like a 40
seat majority in the house they could
have lost 22 votes on this thing and
still been able to pass it they didn't
they were losing something close to 50
or 60 votes on this thing not only the
freedom caucus a lot of moderates didn't
like it the moderates didn't like it
because the CBO score on this things
sucked it was wildly unpopular 17% of
Americans were approving of Trump care
okay that was much less popular than
Obama care even when Obamacare passed
and that was an unpopular piece of
legislation when Obamacare passed it was
at 40% in the approval ratings Trump
care was at 17% in the approval ratings
so his political suicide for a lot of
these members to vote for this crappy
bill and so it went down and naturally
the moderates weren't blamed Paul Ryan
wasn't really blamed except by you know
people like me Donald Trump wasn't
blamed because Donald Trump can never be
blamed for anything because we have so
much stake in him that we must we must
greenlight anything he ever does every
excuse must be made for him the the
radically shifting logic about Donald
Trump in order to make excuses for the
fact that he did a pretty terrible job
pushing this bill is it's pretty it's
pretty amazing I want to go through each
player in this drama and explain what
they did right and what they did wrong
and who deserves the blame but right now
all fire is focused on the Conservatives
and Donald Trump and his team are openly
saying that they now want to pander to
Democrats that they want to turn to the
left and we'll get to that in just a
little while but first first what did
Trump do wrong
here's what Trump did wrong Trump had no
ass on this what I mean by that is that
Trump did not have the patience to sit
for 13 months and hash how to deal the
way Obama did with Obamacare Obama was a
terrible president he was but the man at
least had asked enough to sit around for
13 months and hash out a deal with his
own people for 13 months 13 months
Donald Trump gave the sucker about 13
days it really was like 17 days from
inception to failure and that was after
seven years of planning why was that
well the reason was because Trump
signaled to Ryan he didn't have the ass
to do this for for 17 months there
thirteen months or for 13 minutes he
signaled to Ryan you better give me what
I want we better get this thing from
fast I don't want to spend political
capital on this I don't want to be going
into the midterm elections talking about
this I don't want to be going into
reelection talking about this and I
don't want to pay the political price
for repealing Obamacare if it means that
my promise is that I should never have
made about health insurance aren't able
to come true so Ryan immediately went to
the drawing board he negotiated with
himself right he didn't go and put
together a national coalition didn't
have time for that I mean he didn't he
didn't have time to coordinate with
McConnell or at the house freedom caucus
Trump didn't bother to actually have
these people over for dinner and try and
talk with them until the last five
minutes before the bill was rammed
through even when it was rammed through
he then deployed the the absolute
rhetorical blunderbuss of Steve Bannon
to walk into the room with the house
freedom caucus and yell at them which is
Steve's preferred mode of communication
also doesn't hurt Steven anyway to do
that obviously because he gets to show
Donald Trump what a loyal guy he is and
if the thing goes down guess who gets
blamed Reince Priebus which is what he
likes anyway in any case Trump didn't
care about this issue Trump made a bunch
of false promises about this particular
issue you can't have repeal of Obamacare
without a death spiral with that you
can't repeal the individual mandate
without a death spiral most are willing
to relieve the central regulations in
Obamacare Trump was not willing to do
that and so Trump tried to ram through a
bill that was bad and then he disowned
the thing Tom cotton got this pretty
much right the senator from Arkansas he
said look you cannot release a plan in
18 days and hope that this thing is
gonna go through biggest broken pump
promise in political history what's your
reaction to that judgment well John
first I'd say the president is right
that the Democrats gave us Obamacare and
the failure of this bill this week
doesn't solve the problems of Obamacare
it's continuing to get worse and our
health care system is groaning
under the weight of Obamacare so we're
have to revisit it we now have the time
to do it in a more deliberate and
careful fashion but ultimately I don't
think you can lay the defeat of this
bill last week on any single faction in
the House of Representatives some
conservatives opposed it some moderate
supposed it even chairmen of powerful
committees opposed it I just think the
problem was with first the bill and in
the process health care is very
complicated issue to release a bill that
was written in secret and then expect to
pass it in 18 days I just don't think
was feasible and so the reason that it
had to be passed in 18 days is because
of Trump because Trump wanted it now he
wanted what he wanted now and he wasn't
gonna take no for an answer and so Ryan
had two choices he could either go and
do all the hard slogging an ignored
Trump and then present Trump with a bill
after he did all the heart slogging with
front pushing against him the entire
time or he could try and do Trump's
bidding and become his Lackey on this
thing and then the thing presumably
would pass because the idea here was
that Ryan would lock down the
establishment Trump would lock down the
freedom caucus and together they would
be able to ram this thing through that
didn't happen because the bill itself
was garbage now I don't believe what
Mick Mulvaney the the Office of
Management and Budget what he had to say
he said all the other problem here is
that Trump just didn't think that DC was
this broken so the President himself
pins this on the freedom caucus Club for
Growth Heritage Foundation so
essentially conservative interest groups
and the most conservative caucus in the
House a caucus you were a member of just
and I think there's probably plenty of
blame to go around as we sat over the
last two days and try to figure out what
happened I think what happened is that
Washington won I think the one thing we
learned this week is that Washington was
a lot more broken than president Trump
thought that it was what you had right
there this is nonsense
president Trump around on the promise
the Washington DC was broken and he
could fix it immediately he doesn't have
the patience to actually fix it it's not
an easy process it's not something where
you can come in and just use your big
businessman skills and cut the Gordian
knot that's not how this works so that's
the the blame that Trump bears is really
a character flaw with him which is that
he has a lack of attention he didn't
care about these issues to begin with he
didn't have the ass to sit there for 13
months and actually just put together a
bill that would work now the other
person who's to blame here mostly is
Paul Ryan Paul Ryan absolutely is to
blame here Paul Ryan is the one who
decided to go along with Trump's
shortened timeline his stupid timeline
it was a dumb timeline
he's the one who decided that instead of
going and negotiating with all the very
parties I mean Paul Ryan's been there
for a while he could have spent the past
few months going to all the available
parties and talking with them about what
can pass and what can't
going to the freedom caucus and saying
what can pass in what cans instead he
didn't he waited for Trump to become
president and then he tried to rush this
thing through in about five minutes that
is Paul Ryan's fault that is his job to
cobble together a bill that people can
actually vote for
instead he cobbled together the single
most unpopular bill I have ever seen
proposed in front of the House
Republicans by House Republicans it's
astonishing I mean do you understand how
crazy it is I mean John Boehner did this
a couple of times but you understand how
crazy it is the Paul Ryan who's supposed
to be the consensus guy they had to be
begged into being Speaker of the House
couldn't put together a bill better than
this so naturally this led to some
controversy everybody has sort of been
expecting Trump to jump Paul Ryan under
the bus because Ryan is allied with
Reince Priebus in the White House and
Steve Danon doesn't like Ryan's previous
or Paul Ryan and so there's been a lot
of Machiavellian manipulations here so
over the weekend Donald Trump tweeted
that he wanted everybody to watch Judge
Jeanine Pirro and people didn't know
what he was talking about there was one
theory that was plausible that suggested
that he was talking about judge Jeanine
was supposed to reveal something about
the leaks investigation or something and
but Trump saw that because there was
like a little Chi run on Fox the other
theory is that he told people to watch
judge Jeanine because he knew judge
Jeanine was gonna lead off with this
rant so here's judge Jeanine Paul Ryan
needs to step down as Speaker of the
House the reason he failed to deliver
the votes on his health care bill you
know Americans elected the one man they
believed could do it a complete outsider
someone beholding to no one but them I'm
saying Trump's team said that this was
all a big coincidence they didn't mean
to tell people through Jeanine Pirro
that Paul Ryan should be fired should
pone Ryan stepped down no I don't see
why Paul Ryan should step down I just
think that he shouldn't push crappy
legislation in the future okay John
Boehner should have stepped down cuz
John Boehner actually wanted to
negotiate with Democrats to ram through
things if Paul Ryan starts to do that if
Paul Ryan follows the pattern here I
think that it's going to be a serious
problem Priebus came out he said that
the tweet about Ryan was coincidental
well first of all I will
record we do love judge Jeanine and so
does the president I think it was more
coincidental Chris come on I did not
talk to the president about the tweet
I'm just telling you the truth
there was no pre-planning here at the
president president why would he out say
watch her and then that's the first
thing he loves judge Jeanine and he
wanted to judge Denis in a favor so it
doesn't want Paul Ryan to step down or
no he doesn't okay we can stop it there
of course Ryan's previous is gonna be
saying that I'd be more assured if Steve
Bannon were saying that cuz Steve Madden
actually hates Paul Ryan whereas ranch
Priebus is from Wisconsin and his close
friends with Paul Ryan well I want to
get to the house freedom caucus and
Trump attacking them in just one second
but first I want to say thank you to one
of our new sponsors stamps.com so if you
hate postage machines if you don't like
waiting in line at the post office and
you would prefer to be able you're
sitting at home you want to mail
something you need to go over to
stamps.com
right now if you go over to stamps.com
you get a four week trial with postage
and digital scale the way that this
works is that you can get all the
postage that you need right from your
desk at stamps comm you buy and print
official US postage for any letter or
package using your own ur own computer
and printer you can print it out onto a
piece of paper and tape it onto the
envelope you can print it out onto a
sticker you can print it out directly
onto the envelope instead of you
actually having to go to the post office
and wait in line for a year in a day in
order to get the stamps you can instant
and use their weighing machine instead
you can do it online I've used stamps
comm for years actually to send
important letters and packages we are
starting to use it at the office as well
right now if you use my name's Shapiro
for this special offer you had a four
week trial includes postage and a
digital scale so you go to you go to
stamps.com stamps comm use my name is
Shapiro for the special offer again four
week trial it includes postage as well
as a digital scale so you can weigh
stuff right at your desk and top it
there's a radio microphone at the top of
the site and you click on that and type
in Shapiro so that they know that we
sent you that stamps calm and use again
that promo code Shapiro you got that
four-week trial including postage and a
digital scale which is actually a pretty
solid deal I mean how much mail are you
gonna send for you and your business in
those four weeks a fair bit stamps calm
terrific service okay so the reason all
of this fighting in fighting is broken
out is because president Trump refuses
to let the backstop with him so
again this is one character flaw for
Trumpy he never just says okay my bad we
should have done this differently back
to the drawing board instead he issued
an ultimatum last Thursday in which he
said if we don't get a vote right now
we're not gonna do anything on
healthcare because he didn't want to
deal with the problem and then he blamed
the freedom caucus so here is what Trump
tweeted about the freedom caucus he
tweeted
Democrats are smiling in DC that the
freedom caucus with the help of Club for
Growth and heritage have saved Planned
Parenthood and Oh care this is
absolutely glowing and disgusting okay
the only people who saved Planned
Parenthood and the funding for Obamacare
and all the rest of it are Donald Trump
and Paul Ryan and all the people who
wanted to push this crappy bill because
the fact is that this crap people would
have maintained all the central
provisions of Obamacare
the only good thing it did was
restructure Medicare was actually a
restructure of Medicaid making it into a
block grant instead of a need-based
program even that would have changed
over time because a new Congress would
come in from the Democratic side and
presumably reinstate it it wouldn't make
it a permanent change the this this idea
that that it was the freedom caucus that
really sunk this Club for Growth and
Heritage all those people supported him
okay I didn't vote for Trump okay I
didn't vote for Hillary that I'd mode
for either of them because when it came
to Trump I was concerned that Trump
would basically just be go he would
govern him like a Democrat and and you
know undercut a lot of conservative
values but that's not true of the
freedom caucus or heritage or Club for
Growth all of them openly supported
President Trump and here as Trump
slapping them in the face as hard as he
possibly can and let's just point out
when it comes to Planned Parenthood when
it comes to single-payer health care
there's only one person in this entire
equation who has come out in favor of
those things let's flashback just a few
short months ago when you get rid of the
lines it brings in competition so
instead of having one insurance company
taking care of New York or Texas you'll
have many they'll compete and it'll be a
beautiful thing
as far as Planned Parenthood is
concerned I'm pro-life I'm totally
against abortion having to do with
Planned Parenthood but millions and
millions of women cervical cancer breast
cancer are helped by Planned Parenthood
so you can say whatever you want but
they have millions of women going
through Planned Parenthood that are
helped greatly as far as a single-payer
it works in Canada it works incredibly
well in Scotland it could have worked in
a different age which is the age you're
talking about here what I'd like to see
is they
private system without the artificial
lines around every state get rid of the
artificial lines and you will have
yourself great plans and then we have to
stop it there okay the artificial lines
guess what wasn't in that bill
oh yeah the artificial lines none of
that was in the bill and this is the
only guy on the stage who's talking
about single parent how wonderful it was
in other countries so before you start
ripping on the freedom caucus for saving
Obamacare and Planned Parenthood a
couple notes number one even this bill
delayed funding for Planned Parenthood
by one year one year that's it okay
didn't abolish funding for Planned
Parenthood
second of all again Trump talking as
though he cares about this stuff is
really galling the people who truly
cared about this stuff weren't willing
to enshrine all of this bad policy okay
so I'm gonna get to the freedom caucus
response and what is obviously war on
conservatives that has now begun we may
have seen the high-water mark of Trump
as a conservative which I certainly hope
that's not the case I hope that he turns
back to the conservatives but we'll talk
about all of that over at Daily wire
calm if you want to become a subscriber
it's $8 a month over at daily wire.com
if you want to come an annual subscriber
you get a free signed copy of Michael
Moses best-selling book reasons to vote
Democrats a comprehensive guide the most
thorough guides why to vote Democrat on
available in print right now daily
wire.com you get that annual
subscription you get a free signed copy
of Michael's brilliant book and if you
just want the the monthly subscription
to eight dollars a month you just want
to listen to us a little bit later then
go over to iTunes or SoundCloud download
the podcast and make sure the leave a
review over to iTunes we really
appreciate it we are the largest
conservative podcast in the nation
you
you
