the murderous perpetrator of last week's
London terror attack has now been
identified in the press as a man born in
England the BBC ABC Reuters and the New
York Times a former newspaper all
headlined the fact that the terrorist
was a native of the UK the Kent born UK
native Englishman is named Khalid Masood
an old anglo-saxon name meaning Allah
will destroy every unbeliever which is
what they used to say back in
anglo-saxon times the savage act of
violence by this British born British
man from Britain raises some questions
by the British naturally violent and
what was it in particular that moved
this English Englishman from England to
commit such a brutal act on his fellow
English Englishmen was it something in
the fish-and-chips that set off a
bizarre chemical reaction and mr. Masood
brain and caused him to turn away from
watching football on the telly in order
to murder his fellow Westerners in the
name of Allah was he just sick and tired
of wearing a derby and carrying an
umbrella all the time or saying silly
sounding British things like Watto or -
at all or Allahu Akbar or was he
inspired to violence by some
particularly triggering episode of
Downton Abbey or the latest BBC
adaptation of Pride and Prejudice in
fact we may never know this UK born
British Englishman's peculiarly Anglican
motive for this British act of English
savagery now I don't want to stir up any
anti English feeling here for all the
violence committed by UK born British
Englishmen like mister Massoud I'm sure
there are practically dozens of peaceful
hardwick working English men and women
who simply want to raise their families
and do their jobs and attend their
houses of worship to pray to the God of
love or possibly the hate-filled warrior
God who commands us to destroy everyone
who doesn't believe in him I always get
those two gods confused I think it would
be a shame if this isolated act of
terrorism by a lone wolf English born
Englishman should cause an uptick in
incidents of Anglophone or caused anyone
to view a UK born Britain with suspicion
when he's simply sitting harmlessly in
the local pub enjoying a pint and
reading the Koran while strapped with
dynamite now you may say well if we
can't exam
and what turned so many Englishmen into
terrorists how will we ever stop them
from committing their English acts of
terror shouldn't we be asking what is it
about reading Shakespeare Milton Charles
Dickens and Harry Potter that has
created that peculiarly English outlook
on life that leads to poverty oppression
brutality and terror everywhere it
arises if we just turn a blind eye to
English terror won't we all ultimately
be conquered by England and forced to
live under Magna Carta while speaking
and funny sort of gay sounding accents
but I say let's try and coexist let's
reach out to our English neighbors in
friendship and understanding just steer
clear of the Islamist ones because those
guys will kill you trigger warning I'm
Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Clavin show
all right we've got a little terrorism
comedy there we have our best-selling
cultural correspondent Michael Knowles
is here to talk to us about one of the
weirdest battles in the gender Wars and
of course we're gonna be talking about
the failure of the health care reform
but first we have to welcome a brand new
sponsor hooray
okay can I get a hurray not come
something come on all right all right
stamps.com see here's the thing you know
people hate the post often they're
always running down the post office I
actually like the post office I think
the post office does a great great job
of delivering zillions of pieces of mail
and getting most of them there on time
pretty quickly I just don't want to go
to the post office I don't want to wait
on line at the post office and in in the
old days you know I used to I worked at
a business when we had one of those what
do they call this stamp machines that
they would give you an event that thing
is like weighs 15 tons and it's
expensive and all this stuff stamps.com
is the solution to all these problems
because stamps.com
brings the post office into your
computer you can sit at your computer
it's that it's it's so convenient you
sit at your computer you can print the
stamps you want just get them right off
your computer you know off they come you
subscribe to the service it's not that
expensive and you can get a stamp for
any package labels all this stuff and
they'll leave it sends you paper so
it'll stick on or you can just print the
printing right onto the envelope itself
it's really an easy easy service so I
mean I the reason I use it is because I
just can't stop in the middle of the day
and drive to the post office much as I
love them can't drive to the post and
wait on that line with the guy who's
actually you know like a schizophrenic
talking to himself and suddenly gonna
turn in her everybody around him so
instead it stamps that calm you get to
stay home after your desk you do it
right now you can do it with a special
offer that includes a four week trial
plus postage and a digital scale without
long-term commitment so you can actually
that's important right do they give they
send you the scale so you can weigh the
mail in your own home and know exactly
how much you need to put on it if you go
to stamps calm click on the microphone
at the top of the homepage and type in
clayvin I'm not sure how you spell that
oh wait I am its que la VA n stamps.com
and enter Clavin stamps.com and you
never have to go to the post office
again which really is convenient nice
going
nice nice sponsor I like that sponsible
alright alright so here's what I wrote
on Friday when the health care bill
failed writing @pj media where I have my
Clavin on the culture column
I fear that conservatives may have erred
the president has never shown himself to
be a reliable philosophical conservative
he often seems guided to go where he is
loved and worked with those who are nice
to him he clearly is committed to the
concept of winning if the president now
finds himself humiliated by the
conservative leadership unable to work
with Republicans on the hill many
conservatives may find they have paved
the way toward and essentially left-wing
presidency I feel this may be the end
result of the failure of the health care
bill a Washington in which Donald Trump
can find more love on the Left than on
the right more chance of winning through
leftism then through conservatism that
was Friday here's the Wall Street
Journal headline today White House opens
door to Democrats in wake of health bill
failure move signals Trump
administration is fed up with many
factions in House Republican Conference
and Trump is also tweeting against the
freedom caucus the conservatives who
basically shot down the bill so I know
what you're saying
how does Clavin do that because like a
prophet he's like you know he's like
that kid in in the sixth sense who sees
dead people except he just looks into
the future and sees things that aren't
gonna happen so the reason is is that
I'm just a practical realist Mike my
attitude is different my attitude is
admittedly different to those who want
to live and die on the hill of principle
and the hill of righteousness I love my
country I want to do the best thing for
my country at any given moment that's
what love looks like to me sometimes
love tastes like a crap sandwich okay
you could have make a little mug that
says that sometimes love tastes like a
crap sandwich I didn't love voting for
Donald Trump I did not love voting for
Donald Trump there were exactly two
choices one was Hillary Clinton who I
thought actually was wicked and would
have marked the end of the American
experiment one was Donald Trump who is
an unreliable
reliable if you're a conservative right
some people aren't conservative and like
Trump they they're populist they want to
they want to keep all the entitlements
and all that stuff great then he's a
perfect candidate for me the guy is to
the left of me and he's not a reliable
conservative lifelong Democrat so how do
you then deal with it for a moment there
for a moment because Trump goes where
he's loved and because all this love was
coming from the conservative side for a
moment we had a chance to get that
agenda going and and it's still that his
chance is not totally destroyed but I
think on this first big thing the first
big thing that he was his legislative
accomplishment you don't just give him
everything he wants all day long for the
rest of his term but on the first big
thing I would have given him a win I
would not have stood on my righteousness
I would have given him the win and hope
the Senate made it into a better bill it
wasn't a great bill it was not a great
bill everybody knew it wasn't but look
so let's take a look here's Trump right
in the aftermath and and he's he's puts
it on the Democrats that were stuck with
Obamacare which is what he's gonna sell
yeah we were very close it was a very
very tight margin we had no democrat
support we had no votes from the
Democrats they weren't gonna give us a
single vote so it's a very difficult
thing to do
I've been saying for the last year and a
half that the best thing we can do
politically speaking is let Obamacare
explode it is exploding right now it's
many states have big problems almost all
states have big problems I was in
Tennessee the other day and they've lost
half of their state in terms of an
insurer they have no insurance and
that's happening too many other places I
was in Kentucky the other day and
similar things are happening so
Obamacare is exploding with no Democrats
aboard we couldn't quite get there we're
just a very small number of votes short
in terms of getting our bill passed a
lot of people don't realize how good our
bill was because they were doing phase
one but when you add phase two
which was mostly the signings of
secretary price who's behind them and
you add phase three which I think we
would have gotten it became a great bill
see I I agree that he would have gotten
Phase two because obviously that was
stuff that just needed a pen on a phone
and not even a phone actually but I
don't think they would have ever gotten
to stage three now so first he slaps the
Democrats around right first he says
that you know you stuck us with this
bill all your fault we you wouldn't help
us change it and then he reaches out to
them here's the second code again I
think what will happen is Obamacare
unfortunately will explode it's gonna
have a bird bad year last year you had
over a hundred percent increases in
various places in Arizona I understand
it's going up very rapidly again like it
did last year last year was 116 percent
many places 50 60 70 percent I guess it
averaged whatever the average was very
very high and this year should be much
worse for Obamacare so what would be
really good with no democrat support if
the democrats when it explodes which it
will sue if they got together with us
and got a real health care bill i'd be
totally open to it and i think that's
going to happen I think the losers are
Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Sherman because
now they own Obamacare they own it 100%
donut so basically he's he's trying to
scare the one thing by the way the the
good news here is it's not just the
freedom caucus who's gonna stand on
their principles the Democrats are too
stupid to do you know to respond to this
I mean Chuck Schumer has built his his
fortress he's not coming around I don't
think he's there's anything there there
I think Trump is bait and Trump knows it
I think he's basically scaring trying to
scare the conservative straight
basically he's trying to say you work
with me you're gonna have to work with
me or else I reach out to the Democrats
which I'm not sure it's the natural
possibility all right so who's to blame
blame blame to go around
I think there's blame to go around I
mean first of all I think Trump didn't
care about this and he pushed Ryan to
just get something done because he wants
to get to tax reform and by the way this
is another problem with this this bill
did
cut 1.2 trillion dollars in government
spending which makes tax reform a doddle
right I mean it then you then you can do
tax reform any way you want right
because you've got all this money that's
not being spent so that's all the money
that you can take out of the tax system
until maybe the tax cuts cause there to
be more money coming in now you don't
have that ceiling ceiling so now you
know the guys like Paul Ryan they want a
neutral tax cut at a an income neutral
tax cut makes it a lot harder to do it's
a lot harder to find that kind of money
just lying around in the sofa in
Washington that's one thing so Trump
pushed Ryan Ryan move too quickly I mean
there is just no question that Ryan
moved too quickly but basically he did
this in secret he didn't bring everybody
together he didn't get the consensus
first that would have taken too much
time he let Trump Russian after all it's
Ryan's you know one of the things you
know I'm I'm an actual fan of Ryan but I
think he screwed the pooch I mean I
think that's basically it I think Ryan
did screw the pooch on this and I think
that he he basically thought that the
Trump would bring the guys around he
thought Trump would do is his
deal-making thing but I don't think
Trump cared enough to do it and and he
just didn't get the consensus he needed
because it would have taken too long it
would have taken too long to get
everybody together so that was that was
wrong here's Ryan afterwards he just
looks like basically he's been hit by a
bowling ball I will not sugarcoat this
this is a disappointing day for us doing
big things is hard all of us all of us
myself included we will need time to
reflect on how we got to this moment
what we could have done to do it better
but ultimately this all kind of comes
down to a choice are all of us willing
to give a little to get something done
are we willing to say yes to the good to
the very good even if it's not the
perfect because if we're willing to do
that we still have such an incredible
opportunity in front of us there remains
so much that we can do to help improve
people's lives and we will because
that's I gotta tell you that's why I'm
here and I know it's why every member of
this conference is here to make this a
better country we want American families
to feel more confident in their lot in
life
we want the next generation to know that
yes the best days of this country are
still ahead of us I'm really proud of
the bill that we produce it would make a
dramatic improvement in our health care
system and provide relief by people
hurting under Obama care and what's
probably most troubling is the worst is
yet to come with Obama care you know one
kind word for Ryan I always feel that
you know the Conservatives always hate
the Speaker of the House
they hate the Speaker of the house
because he's wrangling cats you know you
forget that a lot of the people in the
house are moderates you know this is a
it's a center-right country right it's
not it's not a far-right country and so
a lot of the people that he's dealing
with their moderates and as he made
compromises for with the freedom caucus
for conservative he was losing the
moderates he was losing you know he's
bookended in so conservatives always
hate the Speaker of the House because
he's a Wrangler you know and that's not
what we want we want people of principle
to stand up and shake their fist and all
that stuff totally understandable but I
will say on his on his behalf that he
was dealing with a president who
promised everyone would be covered right
because the president has Democrat
tendencies this way he was dealing with
moderates and he was dealing with an AK
salutely intransigent freedom caucus who
I do think has to take some of the blame
and we'll talk about that in a minute
but we got a cut away from Facebook and
YouTube come on over to the Daily wire
calm to hear the best-selling cultural
correspondent Michael Knowles discuss
really weird gender stuff which is just
something he does it's kind of strange
and also if you come over if you just
come over and subscribe you know you
don't have to do this you can watch the
whole show on the site itself and if you
subscribe before we still give me
waiting Knowles is booked for an annual
subscriber it's a lousy eight bucks a
month and you still get Knowles
completely blank book with no words in
it so not only do you get a book it's
easy to read
