our friends on the Left talked a lot
about gender but sometimes the things
they say can be difficult to understand
as if they were speaking Swahili or as
if they were a possessed child uttering
obscure latin phrases backwards and then
screaming a language no human ear has
ever heard our head twists around
backwards until she subsides into a
series of unintelligible half syllables
and finally ends up staring glass Li
into the middle distance with a green
slime dribbling down the side of her
mouth so many of you may ask what is the
left actually believe about gender let
me explain in the past people believe
there were two genders that evolved
according to their purposes the purpose
of men was to say things like vah vah
vah boom and then hit each other over
the head with axes the purpose of women
was to look amazing and then have babies
for some reason thus according to the
rules of evolution men slowly became
better at making axes and other tools
such as hydrogen bombs and those things
that dispense soft ice cream to make
swirly chocolate count women became
better at worrying where you'd been till
this time of night and waking you up
whenever a baby turned over in his crib
seven blocks away but according to the
left these gender differences were not
caused by evolution according to the
left evolution only occurs when you
don't want to believe in the Bible
because it's stopping you from having
sex with someone in fact the left
believes that all gender differences
were imposed on us by society which is a
sinister organization that meets in
secret to impose gender differences on
unwitting individuals who are just
minding their own business without this
sinister gender imposing society men and
women are the same men can do things we
thought only women could do like Minster
Aidan wear high heels and women can do
things we thought only men could do like
use reason and pretend they've slept
with a lot of women when in fact they've
only been watching Star Trek reruns
since men and women are the same a man
can stay home and take care of the
babies until he's ready to die of
oxycontin addiction and a woman can run
a major corporation even while
multitasking by simultaneously sobbing
to her psychiatrist that she's wasted
her life running some stupid corporation
when she could have been home with the
kids
and since there is no difference between
men and women when a man says he's a
woman in a man's body it doesn't change
anything because a woman in a man's body
would be the same as a man in a woman's
body unless the woman didn't want the
man in her body then the man goes to
prison where he can be either a man or a
woman depending on who's holding the
makeshift knife so now you understand
that according to the left there is no
difference between men and women and you
also understand that there is a
substantial difference between leftism
and reality trigger warning I'm Andrew
Clavin and this is the Andrew Clavin
show
