Democrats are charging that Republicans
have already made up their minds about
Brett Kavanaugh accuser christine
blazing ford whereas they say they
believe for it in the Cavanaugh's
clearly guilty democrats say it is
appalling and sexist that republicans
would not allow for it to testify and
that forcing her to testify is appalling
and sexist and she should not have to
testify which would be appalling and
sexist so she should be made to testify
which would be appalling in sexist
democrats say it is despicable that the
Republican senators who will question
Ford are all white men so Republicans
have appointed a woman to question her
which Democrats say is despicable
Democrats say it is horrifying that
Brett Kavanaugh is accused of exposing
his penis to a woman when they were both
in college the Democrats say penises
should only be exposed to little girls
in elementary school restrooms by boys
who were really girls and have penises
somehow Democrats say we must believe
all women and that it's horrible that
mrs. Cavanaugh would defend her husband
and they don't believe her some
Republicans point out that the Democrats
did not believe the women who accused
Bill Clinton of various sex crimes
including rape but Democrats say that's
different because Bill Clinton was a
Democrat in power at the time he was
accused and so his accusers were not
credible
whereas judge Kavanagh is a conservative
so the women who accuse him are credible
and to prove it they'd even be willing
to believe the women who accused Bill
Clinton now that he's out of power and
doesn't matter anymore
Democrats say judge Kavanagh is not
entitled to the presumption of innocence
because this is not a criminal trial but
instead is a lynch mob style panic which
is not covered by the Constitution
Democrats say they will continue to
publicize unsubstantiated charges
against Kavanagh because they are
defending long-standing democratic
traditions like hypocrisy and lying
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
all right okay I'm gonna be sorry when
this Cavanagh thing is over Nye have to
start making satire up again I mean
they're just writing the satire for me
they've been so despicable during this
whole thing
it's the mailbag day most importantly
and all your problems will are like you
can't stand it anymore pardon me just a
second I'll have a heart attack 45
minutes from now all your problems will
be over and if they're not it's your
fault and we also have Jen Ellis
constitutional lawyer Jenna Ellis to
talk to us about the upcoming hearings
that are speeding at us if they come off
that will be the hearings will be
tomorrow meanwhile do you want a
beautiful head of hair like mine well
then don't go to hair club because
they're not gonna help you look like a
bald guy they'll help you get some hair
on your head hair club is the leader in
total hair solutions with a legacy of
success for over 40 years whether you're
looking to revitalize the growth of your
own hair or to learn more about the
latest proven methods for hair
replacement or restoration here clubs
professionally trained stylists
hair health experts and consultants will
craft a personalized solution to ensure
you feel your best and get the most out
of your hair see for yourself just how
powerful great hair can be and then let
me know what it's like go to hair club
comm slash clayvin today for a free hair
analysis and a free take home hair kit
all valued at over 300 dollars that's
hair club.com slash clayvin for a free
hair analysis and free hair care kit
experience your hair and your life at
its best
only with hair club and you can write it
you'll have ser so thick you'll be able
to actually carve in into it the name
Clavin if you know how to spell it which
is que la vie a and you will love air
club so conservatives love to
about absolute truth and we always say
there's not your truth and my truth
there's just the truth in all this but
it is also true that life is a little
complicated and when you have different
principles you see things differently so
when Islamists attacked the World Trade
Center
I see the ugly results of a violent
philosophy that has been nurtured by
injustice in the Middle East Reverend
Jeremiah Wright sees the sins of America
coming home to roost and Reverend
Jeremiah Wright and his parishioners
some of whom you may have heard of I see
the America's sins coming home to roost
if America addresses past injustice
against black Americans I see a great
country growing into his excellent
principles but somebody else sees a
country lay bare its sins laid bare and
how its evil exposed so that's what like
Colin Kaepernick sees in America so for
instance a current example some people
saw these creeps recently chased cat Ted
Cruz and his wife out of a Washington DC
restaurant that some of them saw this as
some kind of just you know protest here
is Ted Cruz in a Washington DC
restaurant and listen to these people
you know every lynch mob that has ever
been formed was shouting just that we
believe the victim every lynch mob
every single one she because it doesn't
matter what you believe what matters is
the truth and that's why we have
judicial processes and that's why we
have the assumption of innocence but the
point I'm making is what you believe
does affect how you see things so those
people who have demeaned themselves and
degraded themselves and turn themselves
into animals and into a mob they see
themselves as doing something heroic
right so the way what you're what you're
seeing is the way you see things changes
what you see and who you are and it also
reveals who you are and reveals what you
stand for and just one more before I
talk a little bit more I want to talk
about a couple of things today I want to
talk about Trump at the UN as well as
the Cavanaugh story bill cosby got sent
away for three to ten years for the
stuff that he he was doing over many
years he drugged women he's been
convicted of this now many many women
have come forward he drugged women and
had sex with him in their sleep Bill
Cosby as I think I've mentioned before
was a tremendously important character
to me when I was growing up lives maybe
11 12 years old he was a hero to me like
I can't even think of what you know
other kids had baseball player heroes he
was a hero to me he was a role model he
was a way that you could be funny but he
was manly because he was in that show I
spy which I saw every single episode of
I had every record that he had I saw him
in concert time again time again I
talked my father into taking me to
California to meet him while he was
filming his first special I met him all
he was filming the opening this special
I mean he was a genuine for about a year
or so he was a genuine hero of mine and
to see this happen
it breaks my heart it breaks my heart
but here's the thing even though we see
things differently according to where we
come from and what we believe and what
we feel we see things differently I saw
I have I have no there's no doubt in my
mind that justice was done
he should go to prison my I think the
victims are
matter here but because he was so
important to me I have empathy for him I
feel for him I see he must be a very
very sick man to do what he did to me
that's not even a sexy thing to do to
you know drug somebody and sleep with
her while she's asleep
it just seems to me like some kind of
bizarre fetish but that's the bizarre
fetish she has and because of that he
did terrible things to people listen to
his publicist
Andrew Wyatt I listen to what he says
after the conviction after the sentence
great and mr. Cosby knows that God is
watching over him so he knows that these
are lives they persecuted Jesus and look
what happened not saying mr. Cosby Jesus
but we know what this country is down
the black need for centuries so mr.
Cosby's doing fine he's holding up well
as well thank you did you sexually stop
Windham I thank you he starts out by
saying you know they persecuted Jesus
too and then he says well I'm not saying
he's Jesus but and and of course that's
that's just distortion because your
principles have to override your
feelings I have feelings for Bill Cosby
coz he was my hero but my principle is
that what he did was terribly wrong a
terrible terrible thing to do and he's
got to pay for it he's got to go to
prison and his wealth and his fame and
his contributions and his incredible
talent that he was in brilliant comedian
in his youth those things those things
don't matter because the principal
matters above all things so let's take a
look at what happened at the UN
yesterday as Donald Trump made this
incredible speech a really powerful
speech that he made to the UN and how
people reacted to it and what it means
the way they reacted first he started
out there was this brief moment when he
was doing his usual Trump braggadocio
thing and they laughed at his typical
Trump pianist hears that in less than
two years my administration has
accomplished more than almost any
administration in the history of our
country America's so true
didn't expect that reaction but that's
okay
now I want to play Myka Myka
Brzezinski's reaction because it is
typical of the press's reaction it's not
I'm just not picking on her this is
basically the way the left-wing press
played it I think it was a significant
moment what you saw there tells you a
lot about how the world leaders see
Donald Trump and they are openly
laughing at him that his tweets and his
loyalty oaths at his sexism and his
makeshift meetings with dictators that
his lies and his reality show policies
aren't they the world is laughing at the
President of the United States and
Donald Trump's America has become the
butt of a big joke yeah so who's
laughing at Iran you're Germany who's he
as he said himself has just made a
devil's bargain with Vladimir Putin to
become dependent on his oil Germany
which were actually likes Russia more
than it likes us who's laughing at him
Syria China has been cheating people for
all these years and oppressing their own
pee
who's laughing at him and and I I
thought he handled that moment with
charm it was a typical moment of Trump
braggadocio I'm not saying it wasn't but
I thought he handled it with genuine
charm and they ended up applauding for
any kind of won them over then he goes
on to prove what he says he talks about
his accomplishments he's cut number two
America's economy is booming like never
before since my election we've added ten
trillion dollars in wealth the stock
market is at an all-time high in history
and jobless claims are at a 50-year low
african-american Hispanic American and
Asian American unemployment have all
achieved their lowest levels ever
recorded we've added more than 4 million
new jobs including half a million
manufacturing jobs we have past the
biggest tax cuts and reforms in American
history we've started the construction
of a major border wall and we have
greatly strengthened border security we
have secured record funding for our
military 700 billion dollars this year
and 716 billion dollars next year our
military will soon be more powerful than
it has ever been before so laugh at that
you know laugh at that I want you to
hear how the New York Times a former
newspaper covered this they fact-checked
them right they have a woman there Linda
q is a fact check reporter for The New
York Times must be the most thankless
chore in American history right if she
checks the facts just to make sure none
of them get in the paper you know it's
like wait check that fat gut but but
that but that fat down but that fat back
out of my newspaper
so she's checking the facts what he just
said and she says well he's right that
the United there's a headline says
something I false or exaggerated or I
don't remember what is it he's right
that the United States stock market is
soaring and unemployment rates for
Hispanics african-americans and
asian-americans have reached record lows
but but he omitted less flattering
indicators when describing an economy
booming like never before for example
listen to this GDP growth is healthy but
it reached higher points as recently as
2014 which is garbage because it once
spiked during their maybe twice spike
during the the Obama era as Obama sat on
the GDP with his stupid regulations and
his stupid health care plan this is a
new Unleashed economy this is an economy
on the run because of Trump's policies
all right now she goes on the
unemployment rate is at an 18-year low
but it's higher than several months
during the 1940s 1960 I mean this is
what I'm saying is the way you feel it
were V the way you see things reveals
who you are it reveals what your
principles is whether your principles
are and wage growth is still slow she
goes on you know the point is these are
amazing accomplishments I I'm not
telling you to like Trump I'm not
telling your Trump is a good guy I'm
telling you is doing a great job these
are amazing accomplishments and finally
the reason the reason the New York Times
and all the left is so pinched so angry
is the reason Mika Brzezinski and a lot
of the press when they hear that
laughter they feel like oh my goodness
oh my goodness
Iran is laughing at us now we're the
butt of jokes in Iran
you know which I can't say on the air
what my reaction to that is but this is
why it's what what Trump said he
defended American exceptionalism he
defended he said we don't want an empire
we do not want to run an empire we don't
want to tell you how to live we want to
live the way we want to live any
excoriated Iran he defended his trade
principles by pointing out what China is
doing that it's not free trade if China
is messing around with us but then he
just talked about the America that he
wants to protect and defend and to serve
as America's president as cup number
five as for Americans we know what kind
of future we want for ourselves we know
what kind of a nation America must
always be in America we believe in the
majesty of freedom and the dignity of
the individual we believe in
self-government and the rule of law and
we prize the culture that sustains our
Liberty a culture built on strong
families deep faith and fierce
independence we celebrate our heroes we
treasure our traditions and above all we
love our country see when the left sees
has a pinched view of what Trump is
doing when they have a pinched view of
what Trump is saying when they cringe at
the laughter of the UN a corrupt low
organization this is what they hate what
they hate is that visceral patriotism
that I believe he actually feels and
that he is also putting forward that
vision of a country that is free that
loves its freedom that loves its
traditions that is like saying the name
of Jesus to a possessed soul remember
seeing the Exorcist with a priest
sprinkles the holy water and she's
vomiting grief that's what you're
getting from the New York Times the New
York Times is like their head is
spinning around 360 degrees and green
bile is spewing out of them because you
mentioned what America is how great it
is that's what they don't like and
that's what they don't
support and if you want to know you want
to see them not supporting it let's turn
to this Judge Cavanaugh thing there's a
new charge coming out from Michael
avenatti he's got some woman who says oh
there were gang rapes at least parties
went to Cavanaugh has already denied
this very forcefully but here's Chuck
Schumer talking about whether Cavanaugh
in the hearings that are supposed to be
on Thursday they're very upset too
because the Democrats say there is going
to be a vote on Friday no matter what
let's see if they stick to that here's
Chuck Schumer say talking about weather
at these hearings Cavanaugh has the
presumption of innocence it's not a
legal proceeding it's a fact-finding
proceeding we do this with every major
nominee and countless times I think ten
times in the last year when new
information comes up the FBI goes again
and does its background check this is
standard operating procedure and the
question looms why are our Republicans
deviating form it from here this is not
a criminal trial this is not a this is
true find the fact you have two
diametrically opposed stories and there
are two issues a witch story is right
and if if doctor Ford is telling the
truth then judge Cavanaugh's credibility
is in great question yes the quote
presumption of innocence I agree that we
this is not that's a criminal trial what
what I believe is we ought to get to the
bottom and find the facts in the way
that the FBI has always done there's no
presumption of innocence or guilt when
you have a nominee before you so let's
bring on Jenna Ellis she's the director
of the Dobson Policy Center contributors
to the Washington Examiner the
Federalist and our own daily wire her
book which we had a long interview about
you should go back and find that because
it was a really good interview is the
legal basis for a moral Constitution a
guide for Christians to understand
America's current constitutional crisis
Jenna good to see you good to see you
Jerry thanks for having me on well I
feel at this point we should charge you
rent on the studio we talk to you so
often but what did you think of what
Chuck Schumer said this isn't a legal
trial so he doesn't have the presumption
of innocence
true or false false and he's definitely
speaking out of both sides of his mouth
because individuals have constitutional
protections regardless of the context of
a Senate confirmation or a criminal
trial the fact that he's saying there's
no presumption of innocence yet we're
going on this fact-finding mission and
somehow we can determine what the truth
is there's always the presumption of
innocence there's always fundamental
fairness there's always constitutional
protections particularly when we have a
Senate confirmation hearing I mean the
presumption of innocence is so basic to
our system that it's not it's not even
mentioned in the copy in the
Constitution right they just mentioned
due process and then out of that grows
the presumption of innocence have I got
that right yeah and I mean we we as
America have fundamental fairness and
have these protections and have due
process in place because we understand
and and remember historically our
founding fathers coming from England and
seeing the how religious liberty in
particular and some of these other types
of issues were happening in their system
of justice they wanted to make sure that
we understand that our freedom and our
Liberty can't be foreclosed by any
government actor in any way without
without due process and so for Cavanaugh
to be going through a confirmation
hearing of course when there's an
accusation he should have the
presumption of innocence it is always on
the claimant even in a civil context
where you're not talking about criminal
penalties it's always on the claimant or
the accuser to bear the burden of proof
and to make sure that their allegations
can be established by whatever standard
of proof is in place but that becomes
the problem in this type of context
because the Senate really can vote any
way that it wants and are any of us
really thinking that the Senators
especially the Democrats are going to be
swayed in any way by whatever testimony
comes out on Thursday no this is a this
is a campaign against Cavanaugh because
the fundamental issue here is to not
have a conservative majority on the
court if it had been Cavanaugh if it had
been a me koni Barrett whoever Trump
would have nominated they are threatened
by their activist majority and they
would have targeted and tried to derail
and delay any confirmation this isn't
about truth this is about politics why
do you think it is that roe v-- wade is
the big scare tactic why do you think
that that is the thing that is at the
center of everything how did that get to
the be the center of everything well
because if we look back at the cultural
problems and the issues here with a
sexual revolution and the progressive
left they have targeted the institution
of the family and the institution of the
church for the last 50 and 60 years an
abortion as a method of birth control is
central to their line of thinking to
attack the family because we have to be
able to have sex without consequences
and that's what they believe that the
proposition of Roe versus Wade stands
for and while they claim that they're
standing for women's rights and all of
that what they're doing is actually
taking away the protection of the
context of the family that we see that
God ordained and so this is going not
just to legal issues this is a
fundamental threat to their centrally
held ideology that we need to have
abortion as a method of birth control
and that's what they are fundamentally
scared of it's kind of ironic that
they're using sexual malfeasance to
defend sexual libertinism but I guess
that that must make sense to them
somewhere along the line what do you
think of the of bringing in the
Republicans obviously conscious of the
optics of having old white men question
woman who says she's been sexually
abused they're bringing in a woman
prosecutor from Arizona I believe it is
to question her and whatever whatever
the Republicans do the Democrats protest
but the Democrats are protesting how do
you feel about that as a as a mode of
questioning than a Senate committee here
you know I think it's fine i mean the
senate at this point of course the
republicans and chuck Grassley in
particular are going to be very
concerned about optics and I think that
it's fair that because they want to take
seriously these allegations then they're
bringing in someone who is a sex crimes
expert who is able to then lead that
type of line of questioning so that it
doesn't appear like the senators are
bullying her in any way and so to have
somebody who will come in and be fair
and objective in terms of the line of
that's probably a good strategy and the
Senate can actually perform the process
however they want a confirmation hearing
isn't even constitutionally required so
the fact that a Mitch McConnell is
saying okay we are done we're holding
the vote on Friday that's a great idea
to just stop the nonsense to say we're
voting and the Constitution provides her
removal of Justices if anything actually
is provable in any of it interesting but
then then they would be stuck with
actually having to prove it so my last
question this this me two thing which I
had you're like I have to say I have
sympathy for I've seen women mistreated
I work in Hollywood I know exactly the
way that you know transactional sex goes
down there but at the same time it seems
to me isn't it being used as a bludgeon
against due process as I asked you this
is both as a constitutional scholar and
as an official girl what what isn't
there some danger that doesn't mean two
things what's that that's going on my
resume isn't there a danger that this me
to thing is so emotional that it can
override our rights absolutely and I
actually wrote a piece in the context of
the me2 movement last year for
Washington Examiner that says in the
that's the headline is in the context of
sex crimes there then there's no right
to be believed
and that's really the problem here is
that as an official girl I have a huge
problem with having having any sort of
allegation just be believed on face that
goes flagrantly against our
constitutional protections and the
interest of Liberty because what if the
tables were turned what if we were back
in you know what the feminists claim the
1950s were so oppressive and that any
man could simply claim anything about
the integrity and the sexual integrity
of a woman would we want that would we
want a man to be able to say that and
everyone just believed that about our
integrity absolutely not so why are we
now in 2018 turning the tables and being
so anti man that we and also anti women
to just say that any claim has a right
to be believed that's why we have the
process that's why we have a court of
law that's why we have the legal system
and I think that it's dangerous to be
so gender bifurcated that were willing
to believe people simply on the basis of
gender that's actually completely
against what the left would say they
don't want anyone to be to be unequal on
the basis of gender sexual orientation
race religion I mean that's what the the
civil rights movement was all about and
so for the left to claim that somehow a
woman on the basis of gender has a right
to be believed more than a man on the
basis of gender they're actually going
fundamentally going against their own
civil rights movement in the 1960s does
seem that way Jenna Ellis thank you you
should probably just stay there because
we'll have you back by the end of the
day it's always great to talk to you and
great to see you thanks a lot Jenna all
right we got the mailbag coming up but
we got to say goodbye to Facebook and
YouTube come over to the Daily wire.com
and while you're there subscribe for a
lousy ten bucks a month or a lousy
hundred bucks for the year if you
subscribe for the year you get the
leftist tears tumblr and you get to be
in the mailbag next time you get to ask
questions that we will answer and my
answers are not like the other people
here but you know the other people it's
hit or miss but with me my answers are
guaranteed 100 percent correct and will
change your life on occasion for the
better but the most important reason to
subscribe to The Daily wire is because
we want your money you have it we want
it this is the fastest way for us to get
it all right mailbag is coming up it's
time for the mailbag see that time I was
ready for it I don't overreact Oh would
you just go back in and slap inverter
from Heidi dear supreme overlord Clavin
if by chance Cavanaugh doesn't get
confirmed do you think it'll be the nail
in the coffin Republicans or do you
think it'll tick off enough people that
they'll go to the polls and vote in
November to stop the democratic takeover
of our country I think it will be the
end of the Republican Party I think it
will be devastating if he is not
confirmed if they back down if somebody
gets the jitters and turns away I think
the Republicans will be Bo
out of office on mass even I may not
show up to vote for them and I think
it's very important that we show up and
vote for them but if they can't do this
simple little thing yeah we should screw
them into the ground from Bobby deer in
drew clay Clavin all spelled with ease
ha ha ha
yeah I'm sorry would you visit this
guy's house please and just I really
hope you get this question because I
often find that much of your advice
regarding ethics resonates very strongly
my wife and I are going through the in
vitro fertilization process and of
course is extremely taxing but I've been
thinking a lot lately of the ethical
implications of creating embryos
manually there are many choices that the
process offers us and I believe it is
possible to navigate IVF in an ethical
way but I would like to get your opinion
on the IVF process as a whole and what
your stance is on it what do you think I
love your show and have been barely
surviving the Clavin List weekends for
some time you know I'm not a doctor and
so if I get any of the facts of IVF
wrong forgive me as I understand it the
eggs are extracted and are and several
of them are inseminated and fertilized I
have absolutely no ethical problems with
there being this wonderful scientific
technique that can get to a baby when
you can't have one in the ordinary way I
have to absolutely know there's no I
have no ethical objections per se there
are some ethical objections that happen
if the several eggs are implanted and
some have to be aborted then you have
that problem if some eggs
usually they inseminate a number of eggs
at the same time as I understand it
again if I'm wrong forgive me but if
that's how I understand it so those are
the ethical things you want to watch out
for you want to make sure that you know
these eggs are not being destroyed these
actual fertilized eggs are not being
destroyed but other than that I you know
the actual process itself doesn't bother
me in the least right you say there's an
ethical way of doing that and if there
is then I you know do it and good luck
from Nicholas mr. Clavin I need help and
I hear you're good at that two months
ago my wife divorced me I haven't seen
my stepdaughter since and I haven't
talked to my ex-wife in about a month
and a half the whole event came
completely by surprise and she did it
only two days after our first
anniversary since
then I've been completely miserable this
amount of rejection is destroying me I
feel like the orphan I once was I drink
almost every night and I hate myself
more than I've ever hated at anything
I've been a Christian in my whole life
and even that is on shaky ground
there's so much more I couldn't explain
this message but there's anything you
could think that would help me it would
be greatly appreciated yeah first of all
stop drinking that's the first thing
don't don't cut down just stop stop
drinking right now just knock it off
because that is not helping you can come
back to drinking later when you put
yourself together you know I I'm not
there and so I have to make some
assumptions that I take out of this that
I take out of your letter if this
divorce came to you as a complete
surprise one year after your marriage
right something was terribly wrong in
this marriage something was really
broken in this marriage if I were you
what I would do is I would stop thinking
about the marriage and start thinking
about yourself and start putting
yourself together and asking yourself
some questions about the way you behaved
about what was going on in this marriage
and how you can go forward in a new way
if your wife walks out on you after a
year and it takes you completely by
surprise something was deeply deeply
wrong on that saying it's your fault
I'm not saying it's her fault I'm just
saying that the fact that you are
crashing and burning is indicative of
something much bigger than the actual
divorce what you need to do now is you
need to put yourself together you need
to redeem yourself in your own mind
stop drinking go to church get yourself
put together if you need help get the
help but make sure that you are the
person that you are supposed to be and I
would in the meantime leave your wife
and your stepdaughter alone she
obviously had very you know it takes
very strong feelings to walk out like
that so I would I would concentrate on
yourself right now because something
went terribly wrong in that relationship
and in so far it obviously involved two
people insofar as you're one of them I
would fix that one that's what you have
power to do and I would do it
hello mr. Clavin from Dillon I live in
an apartment complex that's not in the
greatest of neighborhoods it's very
clear that my upstairs neighbors have
issues frankly there's a man beating his
wife and I can hear it all part of me
thinks I should notify someone and the
other part tells me to mind my own
business do you have any advice I can
tell you what I would do I would call
the police I would call the police while
it was going on and report
domestic abuse you know you can't break
in there yourself because it's a very
easy way to get killed a lot of times as
police officers will tell you it's the
wife who attacks you when you stop the
husband so these things are incredibly
complex but you can't just I I wouldn't
be able to just sit there and listen to
somebody beat up his wife I would call
the cops I think that's that for me it
would be the right thing to do
from Joseph to Hume crushes his leftist
enemies and hears the lamentation of
their weirdos a longtime fan your
podcast is the best on the Internet and
it ain't even close sorry Ben he's a I'm
a see I'm a senior undergraduate and
engineering who does not know where his
future's going I know what you say about
predicting the future and at some point
you have to choose one path over another
I have a job lined up in industry after
school if I want it however my childhood
heroes have always been military men and
through harsh physical training that
I've kept up with since childhood I am
prepared to pursue a combat role in the
Armed Forces
this takes my dad office he would like
me to take a stable job while I can get
it and avoid risking possible injury or
death
at age 22 I honestly can't say I am
overly enthusiastic or if I'll hate
myself for not doing something I feel so
strongly about I pray a lot on this and
ultimately I think I want to be able to
say I did something for the people I
care about that they could have not done
for themselves I also think I would
enjoy it if I'm being honest should I
take the engineering job and feel it out
for a year or two or just cut straight
to what I want to do yeah I would I
would if it were I I would join the
military I mean you're saying it sounds
like you really have an intense desire
to join the military it's not your
father's life it's your life it's not
his future it's your future and it's an
honorable decent thing to do you've been
trained sounds like you're training for
it it sounds like you're really eager to
do it that is if I were in your shoes
that is what what I would do I don't see
if you're a good engineer the military
experience will only help you when you
come back to get a job and you might
love the military you might not and
you'll find that out but you're still
young enough I would I would do the
thing
the youthful thing in my youth so in
other words a 22 you can go into the
military come back still be young enough
to be an engineer if you're an engineer
and ten years go by the military might
not be
could an option from in I'm a California
Christian recovering and returning from
my earlier rejection of my faith while
lost I married a kiwi woman that
rejected her strict Christian upbringing
she was honest and virtuous at marriage
and today yet she is insulted by any
notion I make of her attorney to Christ
she has a very strong affinity for many
of the leftist lies most prominently on
abortion however her libertarian streak
even if it's left-sided as our common
ground I'm thinking the best I can do is
improve myself following Christ so much
that by my example I show her life in
Jesus Christ as the best however I
failed to walk in Christ well as my
human fall in ways and nor hurt Neuer we
have two children a girl 2 and a boy 5
before our girl we had a boy with
trisomy 18 my wife terminated him when
it was clear he would live at best a few
weeks after birth but I was not ready to
kill him even though I knew it would
bankrupt us and end our marriage if I
insisted we see if he would be healed by
Christ in my prayer I know it God is not
a genie but I was faithful as best I
could be the whole loss murder of our
son to end his pain in her eyes and
somewhat in mine too has been a real
strain on us and she was horrified that
the doctors kept asking for her consent
on and on all right first of all let's
divide this into two parts
the first thing is leave leave your wife
alone about her faith and about her
politics she is an independent person
she has the right to believe what she
wants but God wants of you now what your
mission from God
if I may say so is that you have two
children a girl 2 and a boy 5 and what
they need is they need their father
there and they need their mother there
and they need their father and their
mother and as much harmony as possible
so it is not your job to cram Jesus down
your wife's throat that is not your job
your job is to keep your marriage
harmonious and good for those two
children and your wife isn't a free
person and hopefully hopefully you're
right if you follow God in an honest and
loving way she will say hey this isn't
so bad I like this I like what this is
doing to my husband but if you make it a
source of conflict between you then she
looks at this and says ah this Jesus is
getting the way of my marriage and
everything here's the second part you
guys have suffered an enormous tragedy
the death of a child whether in the womb
were out of the womb the death of a
child is one of the it can be a key
factor in destroying a marriage I can't
remember what the statistics are but
they are very high marriages fall apart
after a child dies it is something you
really have to work on and defend
against dump this murder routine okay
dump it uh you know how I feel about
abortion I'm strongly opposed to it but
you have lost a child that is the
important thing you have both lost a
child you are both in shock and in
mourning and in grief and even though it
has passed a long time you clearly
haven't dealt with it
you're clearly angry at your wife it
comes across that you're angry with or
you're blaming her for what you call
murder you know it is it is time to deal
with the grief okay let's forget forget
the morality about it for a minute
because first of all it's over it's time
to deal with the grief it is time to
process this terrible terrible event
that has happened in your life for which
I'm terribly sorry good for you guys for
staying together so far and for keeping
together and moving on but it is not God
when you hear a voice who wants you to
go over and over and over the morality
of something until it destroys your
marriage until it leaves your children
fatherless until it makes your home
that's not God's voice that is not God's
voice either you're not following God
when you do that this is a terrible
thing that has happened if if there is
some answering to do it will happen
before the throne of God you don't need
to bring justice here you need for you
and your wife together using help if you
have to to deal with this tragedy that
has happened to you both and to make
sure you guys survive it as a couple so
that your children have parents that is
that's where I come down on that all
right I recently attended a debate this
from RJ I recently attended a debate on
theism versus atheism the Atheist a
former Christian at one point mentioned
that we innately know right from wrong
from birth if this is not a result of
the soul and possibly reincarnation what
possible logical underpinning pinion
could an atheist have for this
well the way there are plenty of things
they say that evolutionarily we
developed certain ethical kin
sessions that come from survival people
who had these ethical considerations
survived they developed they had
corollaries and so basically it's almost
like a game theory a kind of moral idea
grew up out of it what I don't
understand is how an atheist knows these
things are true or are actually in fact
good and what he thinks good is because
it seems to me if something if one thing
is morally better than another it mostly
must be closer to what is right what is
absolutely right right if something is
moral and something is less moral if you
put it on a graph the more moral thing
is closer to morality if you have an
absolute good to which these things are
related and that's it the only thing way
you could judge them it seems to me if
you have an absolute good that absolute
good must be a conscious entity because
you cannot have goodness that can't
choose right
a hurricane isn't good or bad it is a
choice that is good or bad and so once
you have a moral world once you believe
there is a moral world I believe you
have God it's not that it's not that our
moral sense couldn't have developed by
natural means it could have but the fact
that it is moral the fact that it is a
moral sense the fact that we do know
that these things are right and not just
stuff that developed weirdly that it
seems to me is in fact an indicator a
very strong indicator that there is a
God huh from Aaron hi Andrew this will
be last one I enjoyed your discussion
with Neil Tyson and hope you will
interview more scientists like dr. Tyson
I'm an astrophysicist unlike him I'm a
conservative I sometimes have trouble
communicating with my fellow
conservatives when they speak on
scientific matters without being
informed for example when discussing
evolution or the Big Bang I believe in
God and I believe religion is a force
for good I also know that the idea of a
6,000 year old earth is indefensible and
objectively false how important do you
think it is for people to believe in
objective truth when that truth doesn't
have any serious moral implications or
these discussions or waste of time
please help a really good question
because there's a wonderful line in the
first Sherlock Holmes story where they
it turns out that Sherlock Holmes
doesn't know that the Earth revolves
around the Sun and Watson is shocked and
Sherlock Holmes says whether the Earth
revolves around the Sun or the Sun
revolves around the earth what
difference does it make to me and my
work good question but but here's the
thing obviously it is not worth pounding
on people about this but I agree with
you I do not think I I do not think we
should I think that if it turns out that
the world is 6,000 years old the people
who are going to prove it will be
scientists
therefore we should listen to what the
scientists are saying if they're honest
scientists if they're not trying to sell
us a bill of political goods or whatever
if they are honestly doing the work of
science it is scientists who do science
it is science who give us the facts
there is nothing wrong with our
reinterpreting the Bible according to
the facts in fact we should do that it
makes us grow in our faith it makes us
grow in our understanding it makes us
grow in our knowledge of God the world
is that nature is a book in which we can
read the work of God the heavens speak
of his handiwork it says so in the Pipal
it says so in the Bible and what what
does it also say that is the spirit the
Spirit gives life but the letter killeth
right so it even says in the Bible that
we're not supposed to be that literal it
literally says in the Bible that the
Bible isn't literal so you know I'm not
saying the Bible is all metaphor I'm
saying it works in different genres I
think it is really important to let
people do the work that they do and I
think it is important I love science I
love learning new things I love it when
the scientists say hey here's a really
interesting thing it doesn't make any
sense to us what I hate is when
scientists use the authority they get
from being scientists to preach to me
about theology about which they know
nothing it is amazing to me that
brilliant thinkers like Steven Pinker
when they talk about God's sound like
idiots even that the guy the biologist
Dawkins when he talks about theology
it's clear he has read no theology so
all I would say is you know stick to
your guns I think that scientists should
do science God can take care of himself
he made the world he wants us to know
about it he made us in His image which
means he gave us reason that our minds
are made to understand the world that
very fact is speaks about him even
through nature that that's where I stand
on it I know a lot of people disagree
I've listened by the way a lot of people
have written in say you got to listen to
this guy or that guy and I have gone on
YouTube and listen to their arguments
they are not very convincing if you know
about actual
science even the guy who led the genome
process the genome project is a
evangelical Christian and he said when I
looked at the very basic stuff of life I
could see the traces of evolution and
and so he believed it all right I got to
stop there before we get too tickety-boo
news I have to talk about this thing the
Gosnell movie coming out in October it's
supposed to open in theaters October
12th they're taking it around the
country and pre-screening it to get
excitement going and to get some you
know promotion for it they were going to
put it in a hotel in Austin Texas and
Planned Parenthood convinced them to
cancel the screening they convinced
Planned Parenthood came in and because
they were going to have a Planned
Parenthood 400 a plate gala dinner they
convinced the Hyatt and Austin to cancel
the screening now here's my question
Gosnell killed babies outside the womb
he killed living babies that's what he
was convicted of he was a serial killer
why is it that Planned Parenthood thinks
he was an abortionist but this is what
he did why isn't the Planned Parenthood
thinks killing babies outside the womb
is going to cast a bad light on abortion
what is it there's so similar about
killing babies outside the woman killing
them inside the womb that makes them so
frightened of letting this film be seen
why didn't reporters cover this trial
the trial of the most prolific serial
killer in America why didn't they cover
it because they didn't because they knew
it was so close to abortion that there
was no difference between the killing
what he was doing and what abortionists
were doing here is Dean Cain who stars
as Woody the the cop I forgot the first
name it's his last name was wood so they
call him woody great guy - really the
cop himself is a great detective a
terrific guy and here's Dean Cain
talking about the film and the flack
he's gotten over what inspired you to do
this film well I read the script
Andrew Clavin wrote a very very good
script it was a very compelling story
for me and I said this is a great story
to tell and it was and a great character
and I want the story out there and I'm
happy to jump into you in the
and even the trailer shows those empty
media benches why do you think the media
were hesitant to cover this I think
because again abortions a bad word they
don't want to talk about it they'll talk
about like I said well you know women's
reproductive rights but they don't want
to talk about the reality of what this
guy was doing this horrible it's
horrible
this guy was is an abortion doctor and
and he was killing live babies and
that's just murder period I don't care
how you slice it
yeah the babies were born alive and he
was killing him and it's absolutely
ghastly and awful and I want to thank
Dean Cain for that very kind we're gonna
have him on right he's gonna come on the
show good he'll come on the show I thank
him for his kind words about the script
for Gosnell which I did write and didn't
I tell you to cut that out it wasn't
better oh no I told you I told you if
you cut out I'd fire I know it was one
of the other you know one of the things
that underneath this puritanical
hysteria on the Left which is really
just manufactured to get rid of Brett
Kavanaugh but is also part of this me
too movement what we're watching is
we're watching the complete and utter
and total failure of left-wing culture
we heard Jenna talking about the fact
that they wanted to have this kind of
libertine sex and now they're saying Oh
in this libertine sex women get hurt
well you betcha that's why one of the
reasons why conservatives warned against
it conserve marriage which the feminists
were so down on marriage was created to
protect women it was created by the
church the kind of marriage that we have
today or had was created by the church
to protect women so what we're watching
is the failure the complete failure of
feminist leftist cult sexual culture
that's what we're watching underneath
all the noise but this happens all the
time by the way the left says something
it fails and then they blame the right
for they just move on to the next thing
blaming the right say you're right
wingers or Puritans and you won't let us
have sex and you don't think women are
the same as men and then when it turns
out we were right about everything they
say you right-wingers you won't believe
a woman when she complains about being
raped at a party when she got drunk he's
yeah we're the ones who told her not to
get drunk at a party with guys that's
that was us remember yeah well that's
because you blame the victim whatever it
is it's our fault but they keep screwing
up their culture keeps collapsing that
what their ideas
the ones that are false the good news
here is that even though there is going
to be the Victorian age which I believe
is coming back a version of the kicked
or Ian Age is coming back to us the
Victorian age was filled with kind of
absurd prudery they say that they would
cover the legs of tables in the
Victorian age because they reminded them
of women's legs you know that is the old
the old saw about the Victorian age
however it also was an age of great
productivity of great liberalisation in
the true word of liberalisation and and
of sexual propriety as well and I've
noticed just recently that the divorce
rate over the last few years has has
just plummeted something like 18 percent
I believe it is and and they don't know
why they think it maybe possibly because
the baby boom generation is aging out
you know the baby boom generation that
wrought this wreckage on our culture
I've always said I wish the baby boom
generation would just die without taking
me with it
but unfortunately camp can't arrange
that it also may be that the Millennials
are waiting a little bit before they get
married and maybe getting married with
more judgement but the fact is the from
the divorce rate has dropped 18 percent
from 2008 to 2016 which is pretty
amazing so that's a good thing that is
the collapse of the leftist idea that
they imposed on us the true story behind
this is that among upper-class people
people with money successful people the
divorce rate is even lower than that but
they're afraid to preach it because the
left still owns the vehicles of the
culture when we get involved in culture
when we have spokespeople when we start
talking back to the left on TV and in
the movies and on the news when that
happens and it's and it's starting to
happen now then we will be able to point
out that this is what we were working
for all along it is they who destroyed
it in the first place it's we who are
building it back together
alright tomorrow we will be back right
here I'm and that and I hearings will
start I don't know whether they'll be in
time for us to cover them but we'll get
back to them on Monday if we don't
tomorrow I'm Andrew Klavan
this is the Andrew Clavin show
the Andrew Clavin show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover technical producer Austen Stevens
edited by Alex zingaro audio is mixed by
Mike core Mina hair and makeup is by
Jesuit Vera and our animations are by
Cynthia Angulo and Jacob Jackson the
Andrew Clavin show is a daily wire for
word publishing production copyright for
word publishing 2018
