the new republican health care bill has
met with a wide range of reactions from
anger and hatred on one side of the
aisle to hatred and anger on the other
side of the aisle because you're looking
at it from a different direction the two
sides have taken their usual approach to
swaying public opinion Republican
supporters of the bill have attempted to
explain it by pointing at charts and
droning incomprehensibly while Democrat
opponents have shown videos of sick
children crying please president Trump
don't kill us we'll be good
meanwhile the amendment process has
begun with House Republicans offering
such amendments as your ideas suck I
hope you die and change this provision
or I'll rip your ears off a GOP
spokesman says he's sure the bill will
have enough votes to pass after all the
people who oppose it are killed in the
melee but with all the hatred and anger
over the bill does anyone really
understand it of course not
Americans are busy people and need to
get right to the hatred and anger to
save time so today as a public service
we here at the Andrew Clavin show would
like to provide this quick guide to
understanding the new health care bill
under Obamacare people who couldn't
afford health insurance were given
subsidies that were financed by dragging
young people from their homes holding
them off the roof by their ankles and
telling them to buy an elaborate
insurance plan they didn't need before
they fell off the roof and needed the
plan when this provision was challenged
in the Supreme Court Chief Justice John
Roberts wrote quote forcing people to
buy insurance is constitutional or maybe
not exactly constitutional but whatever
leave me alone unquote under the new
plan people will still receive subsidies
but they will be paid for by finding a
crank until a boot kicks over a bucket
spilling a metal ball down a flight of
stairs causing a larger ball to fall
through hitting the seesaw which hurls a
diver into an empty Basin jarring a cage
that drops down onto a plastic Mouse to
win the game the New York Times a former
newspaper assembled a bipartisan
committee to study the effects of the
bill it should be noticed that at the
Times a bipartisan committee means a
committee of
Kratz who have sex with both men and
women the times committee - the times
committee determined that the bill will
break into the homes of minorities and
slaughter them in their beds and that
Donald Trump stinks and they hate him so
very very much that every article in the
paper should be about how much they hate
him which is very much the committee
further found that having sex with both
men and women wasn't actually as much
fun as it sounded as the debate rages on
true conservatives like Ted Cruz and
Louie Gohmert are working quietly behind
the scenes to amend the bill so that
anyone responsible for passing Obamacare
in the first place will be forced to
receive free government health care
until they beg for mercy that might not
solve anything but the revenge would be
sweet trigger warning
I'm Andrew Clavin and this is the end
haha alright that's back to zero on the
cracking up during the openings of the
chart a best-selling super troll Michael
Knowles has deigned tez Dane to visit us
has come down it's come down from his
round-the-world book tour of this black
book reasons to vote for Democrats and
will be joining us that will be after
the break so if you're on Facebook or
YouTube you'll have to come over to the
daily wire.com and while you're there
why not subscribe for a lousy eight
bucks a month and we'll send you a copy
we still sending them the Arroyo hi you
lucky bums carpet you know we'll send
you a copy of Jeremy Warren's the arroyo
he was in the LA Times Jeremy and I were
both in the LA Times cursing at
Hollywood yesterday make sure our
careers wouldn't go anywhere there's
still somebody who's considering any of
our projects this will put a nail in
that coffin before we start however
talking today I want you to do me a
favor go in to then go to the nearest
mirror look in the mirror look at that
person looking back at you and ask
yourself do you want that person driving
a car of course you don't
it's a ton and a half of screaming steel
traveling down the highway you want
someone responsible and intelligent
driving in that car that covers none of
my audience as I know so why don't you
get a lyft app ly f T all you got to do
press the button within an average of
about three and a half minutes a driver
who has been vetted a hundred gazillion
times will show up you get nan creeps
there are good people who drive the cars
and they could you can tip them in the
app so they're happier than it's some of
the other ride share you know plans so
you can get home if you're had a couple
of drinks you know you can stay off the
road if you just don't want to be
bothered with the traffic I mean we live
in LA here so everybody uses a writer
and the lift is the great one so right
now just because we like you we are
offering our listeners a special deal
you get three free read free rides up to
ten bucks each that's up to a $30 value
when you go on the lyft app and you
enter the promo code Clavin oh that's me
it's que la vie a NK la vie a n
enter the promo code you will get three
free lift rides you just download the
free lyft app today and enter the promo
code Clavin in the payment section and
you'll start with three free rides up to
$10 each that's up to a $30 value promo
code Clavin K L a V a n lift it is the
best way to get home all right
it was barely a Clavin last weekend I
was in the you know in the LA Times I
wrote my pieces down if you were
listening last week as I know you must
have been and heard me talk about Logan
I wrote that down as an article on pj
media and the director of the movie got
in touch with me and said he really
liked the piece so that was nice
let's talk briefly before we get to
super troll Michael moles let it start
briefly about what is happening in our
government Donald Trump you know here's
here's the way I see things and it's a
little different than the way other
people see it but Donald Trump has won
the first round against the media which
means the first round against the
Democrats because the media is are the
Democrats you know it when you talk
about the mainstream media talk about
the network's The Times The Washington
Post CNN you're talking about Democrat
news for Democrats about Democrats and
with a Democrat slant that's what you're
talking about when Trump won remember
that day that day everybody was sitting
around going well here comes Hillary
Clinton you know everything that Obama
did is gonna be nailed down all his
executive orders are gonna become laws
everything is gonna be another four
years of this stuff and you know the
first amendment needs to be rewritten
second amendment needs to be crossed out
all this stuff was coming down the pike
suddenly bang gone right the Democrats
panicked and when I say the Democrats
panic I mean ABC NBC CBS News CNN you
know the times in the post they panic
they created this incredible cloud of
nonsense right this onslaught a barrage
of fake scandals oh and Trump's a
Russian spy and he's this and is that
it's all night this has never happened
before it's the worst thing remember not
just one but at least two major
commentators said this is the worst
thing since 9/11 it's the worst thing
since Pearl Harbor Trump has scattered
their armies to the wind to major events
that really were the turn
points the first was that press
conference he gave where he just laid
into them they came in if you remember
if you go back the day before that press
conference it was Michael Flynn resigns
Trump's a Russian spy the Russians have
taken over the government day before day
after that press conferences he yelled
at I said now we're happy and it's the
First Amendment you know it was like a
complete complete turnaround and you
know and and the right after that came
the shortly after that came the speech
to the joint session of Congress the
kind of faux State of the Union address
once again they were building up that
Russian spy thing and you know if you
don't if you never talked to them
Democrats you don't know this if you
were just reading about this you're
thinking this is the stupidest story
ever it doesn't make any sense there's
no proof the the James clapper
investigated Jim clapper as a partisan
he was a the director of intelligence
under Obama he investigate he says
there's no evidence of this whatsoever
no evidence of collusion with the Trump
campaign that was on January 20th when
he stepped down he said that there's no
evidence of collusion still they're
running with this there did The
Associated Press so help me this is true
The Associated Press was interviewing
spy novelists you know does this sound
real to you yes I make up fake stories
for a living and it sounds exactly like
one of my story so now all they're left
with are these fake scandals they've got
this thing where Jeff Sessions as all
the presidents do now they asked
everybody all the prosecutors in the
Justice Department to resign one of them
Preet Bharara from Manhattan he actually
refused which you do not do you serve at
the pleasure of the president when the
president is finished with you you are
gone he refused he had to be fired
oh what a scandal would have scandal you
know immediately immediately social
media just dis about dispels this by
showing they show when Obama did it it
was he replaces you know attorneys when
Trump that it was he outs them he houses
them remember they made such a big fuss
when Bush W Bush I think fired seven
eight of them something like that they
were guys that he appointed this is a
typical thing where they get rid of the
other guys people and they bring in
their own people to prosecute things
they want to there's there's now a fake
scandal about Steve King made some tweet
about how you can't we can't
increase our population using other
people's babies and now he's a racist
and us all this stuff all of this is
being destroyed and you know what brian
Stelter the great Trump hysteric is
talking about now he's talking about the
fact the Trump is ignoring the press and
if you watch this is true two things
have happened recently
Trump is no longer listening to shouted
questions from the press one and the
other is he's not tweeting he's not
sending out those six in the morning
tweets and you can think to yourself
well that somebody who's got his phone
somebody's told him he's got a rain and
then I don't think that's it I think he
knows he's won this round they'll come
back you know the Democrats Democrats
are like a guy with herpes you know
first they screw you and then you can't
get rid of the results you know that's
like the Democrats not done they will be
back but brian Stelter is now
complaining about this and he's got on
Baltimore Sun media critic David Zurich
and Zurich points out the Trump has done
nothing to these guys and why would he
talk to them why would he talk to them
listen to this if I was him right now
and I looked at this I'd say hey look
every time we engage the press we are
attacked were shredded let's let the
press go on its own for a while and see
how they like it yeah why engage at that
level if we're gonna get pounded I mean
that's a reasonable thing for him to say
and you know this thing Brian when we
say always though he's the worst war on
the press ever you know I wrote about
that last week it's not the worst war on
the press he hasn't even done what
Obama's done it might be that but not
yet so your type of violence Kim's not
words we've not had a living president
called the media the enemy of the
American people before well actions are
what matter isn't in this world when
somebody names a reporter an aider and
abettor and a co-conspirator as
President Obama did in getting a
subpoena on James Rosen that's a lot
worse or when they chase James when they
threatened James Rosen rising from the
New York Times for six years with jail
that's a lot worse than calling them an
enemy of the people and look it is bad
it's awful I wouldn't defend that and I
wouldn't defend anything Trump does but
words are not actions like that Brian
see that's there's a guy he's not a
trump supporter but everybody gets it
now everybody gets it in the
we beat them on social media and Trump
beat them Trump beat them by just going
at them and just telling the truth just
saying it's fake news and it's not fake
news because every story is untrue it's
fake news because every story is slanted
toward the Democrats all right so Trump
is really riding high right now is in
terms of the narrative and the other
thing is well before I get that that the
Democrats are in disarray roger altman
the guy who's been in that who's worked
in I think nine Democrat presidential
campaigns something like that
he writes today that the Democrats are
completely scattered and are completely
deluded in the Wall Street Journal he
writes president Trump's chaotic
beginning has many Democrats envisioning
a big comeback they see the marches and
protests and presidential tweets and
expect newly energized Americans to vote
blue in droves but these hopes mask the
decrepit state of the Democratic Party
at all levels of government a true
democratic comeback will be impossible
without top-to-bottom changes the GOP is
in one of its strongest positions since
its founding in 1854 Republicans control
the House the Senate and the presidency
but much of governing in America is done
at the state and local levels where
education infrastructure voting and gun
rights are primarily determined there
the GOP is even more dominant dominant
Republicans have 33 governorships and
more than two-thirds of state
legislative chambers that the Democrats
have allowed this domination borders on
gross negligence it borders it borders
on Obama ISM it is Obama Obama has
destroyed this party and Trump is
writing hi and now we're all talking
about the health care bill which is the
big news the arguments over the health
care bill this is also a victory for
Trump and here's here's the reason it's
a victory for Trump we're now what we're
talking about now is normal remember all
the press kept saying all the media and
the Democrats kept saying is don't
normalize Donald Trump he'd be
normalized it so that fight is over
Trump won we're talk all the stuff we're
talking about the arguments that back
and forth the conservative wing doesn't
like it the Democrats don't like it
they're arguing we won't pass and we
will pass it I'm gonna you know Trump is
now threatening two primary people if
they don't support it all of this stuff
is the way that laws get made in the
country it is governing and so now Trump
is governing and the press
is still debating whether he's been
being nice to them or not that's what
the breast his reporting he's he so mean
to us you know so this this is important
stuff you know Bill Clinton a perfect
exchange went on between Bill Clinton
and Nigel Faraj on the air that kind of
showed where this thing is going but I
can't get to it until I say goodbye to
Facebook and YouTube come over to the
Daily wire calm we will believe be
interviewing I don't know how we managed
to get him but we have booked Michael
moles on this program and he'll be here
in just a little while
