on Friday the Bureau of Labor Statistics
reported a major job spike of 235
thousand jobs in February dropping the
unemployment rates at four point seven
percent according to CNBC the good news
didn't stop there
average hourly earnings bump two point
eight percent on an annualized basis
construction jumped by 58,000 jobs and
manufacturing added twenty-eight
thousand jobs the u6 unemployment rate
which includes the underemployed is now
at a recent low of nine point two
percent fully three hundred and
twenty-six thousand new full-time
positions were added to the market so
why the boom analysts say the Trump
selection is indeed the reason but it's
not just president Trump's election it's
the fact that Republicans hold Congress
as well and are looking to pare back
regulations while the media focus on
Trump's Twitter and facilities the
markets are far more focused on the fact
that a predictable economic backdrop has
finally been created for the market now
a few caveats the labor force
participation rates increased in
February but it remains historically
weak at just 63 percent we would have to
gain about 10 million new jobs in order
to maintain this unemployment rate with
the same labor force participation rate
we had in 2000 it is important to
recognize that despite the weakness of
President Obama's economic recovery
Trump did inherit a growing economy and
one with significant breakout potential
you can't ignore the same unemployment
statistics you used to rip Obama and
retain credibility you can't cite the
stock market as evidence of trumpian
genius if you ignored it for eight years
under obama trump and his allies have
touted the stock market jump since his
election but the reality is that the
stock market boosted significantly and
continuously during the Obama years
President Obama's recovery was the
weakest in modern American history but
that's because his job-killing
regulations and penalties on investment
drove people to sock away money and
invest in stock buybacks rather than
investing in new research and
development or hiring so how robust is
the markets confidence in Trump we'll
find out in the next few months as the
Federal Reserve hikes interest rates as
Congress struggles to move forward with
the tax restructuring we'll also find
out if the systemic problems plaguing
the job market new technology replacing
jobs the movement toward the service
based economy rather than manufacturing
if it's tum how bucks all the long term
friends for the last decade and a half
that's unlikely in the years to come but
there's no question markets are more
confident than they have been for eight
years because finally they believe they
won't be hit over the head by an
unexpected economic sledgehammer from
the left side of the aisle i'm ben
shapiro this is the bench
show
I should note here by the way that it's
always very dangerous to talk about
attributing economic movements to
particular presidents or politics
because there is a lag effect you know
the fact is that President Reagan for
the first couple of years of his
administration at a very weak economy
that wasn't because of Reagan that was
because of a lag effect from Carter Bill
Clinton had a very strong economy when
he came into office that wasn't because
of Clinton that was because of a lag
effect from George HW Bush's economy so
to try and attribute all of the current
economic goings-on to Donald Trump is a
little bit overwrought I think that
consumer confidence is a lot higher
because of Trump I think that the
markets are optimistic because of Trump
the stock market particularly thinks
there's breakout potential but you know
everybody needs to hold off a little bit
before attributing all sorts of great
god genius to trump because the markets
are doing great because the fact is it's
not quite that simple using these sorts
of metrics is what generates the false
statistics you hear from Democrats all
the time about the idea that jobs do
better under Democrats which ignores
again that lag effect and also ignores
who's in control of Congress I think
that if the markets are in a comfortable
position it's because they feel
comfortable that nobody's gonna do
anything truly terrible to the markets
right now but we'll talk more about that
in just a second plus that continued
failure of the rollout of Trump care but
first we have to say thank you to our
friends over at helix leap so my wife
and I like helix leap so much that when
helix leaps sent us a mattress and we
tried it out we actually dumped a more
expensive mattress moved it into the
other room because helix sleep
mattresses are so good so you go to
helix sleep calm and they ask you a
series of questions if you like to bed
hard or soft which side you like to
sleep on how you like to sleep do you
like the mattress to be sort of
breathable or do you like it to be
warmer and then they send you a mattress
in the mail and if you don't like it you
can try out for a hundred days if you
don't like it then they will you
can send it right back 100 percent
refund no questions asked
it is fantastic just open the box it
inflates right in front of you because
the foam mattress and it's really good
not only is it good they also have
technology that allows them to using
using their proprietary algorithms they
can they can actually create a bed
that's more specific to you and if you
have a spouse then it is specific to
both sides of the bed so you can have
different firmness or different
breathability in the mattress on the two
sides of the bed
really they're fantastic helix sleep
calm you know I'm somebody who doesn't
tend to get as much sleep as I should so
when I do sleep I wanted to become
Helix sleep makes that happen helix
sleep comm slash bending at $50 off your
order right now helix sleep comm slash
bending at $50 off your order it's also
cheaper than competitive marketing firms
out there if you went to a mattress
store it's a lot more expensive than
going to helix sleep calm and helix
sleep is better than they are because
it's personalized you helix sleep comm /
Ben get $50 off your order
helix sleep calm / Ben make sure you use
the / pence if they know that we sent
you and also see you get that discount
ok so the big story continues to be the
rollout of Obamacare repeal and
replacement
Ryan Kerr Crump care as I said yesterday
I'm calling it Trump care and the reason
that I'm calling it Trump care is
specifically because we called it Obama
care we didn't call Pelosi care or or
you know the or Schumer care or or Harry
Reid care it was called Obamacare see
now this is Trump care so the rollout of
Trump care is going poorly the reason
it's going poorly is because nobody is
very committed to this Trump care
replacement bill because the bill isn't
very good we discussed all the problems
with the bill before Paul Ryan is the
only one out there really stumping for
it because Paul Ryan has the worst job
in the universe being Speaker of the
House with a fractious Republican caucus
is not an easy job it's particularly not
an easy job when you think that your job
is to pass things now this is something
that has bothered me for a long time the
job of Congress is not necessarily to
pass things in fact when Congress
decides it is imperative that they pass
things usually you end up with a crap
sandwich of a bell what you really
oughta do is pass a bunch of little
bills like this is people have asked me
what's the constitutional amendment that
you would pursue if you could pursue one
I would say no bills longer than three
pages all in plain English right there
that seems to me the way to do the bill
and it would be great if there was like
an explainer so instead of all these
bills have to be written in legal
language they'll say remove the word in
provision 4 D of this of this separate
section of the US Code it would be great
if there was an explainer in the back
and said here's what that actually does
you know that would be useful and then
Americans could actually see what the
representatives are doing instead of
having a 120 page bill dumped on them
with no notice and no explanation and
that bears a lot of confusion because
they keep saying at stage one and their
stage two and three we don't know what
stages two and three are yeah this is a
bad way to do business and it's
disappointing to me that Republicans
keep participating in it because they
want to prove that they can get
something done I'm less interested in
Congress doing something then in
Congress doing something good the Paul
Ryan was out there basically making a
presentation yesterday he rolled up his
sleeves and he did a presentation that
is the most entertaining thing that you
will see anywhere outside of H&R Block
because Paul Ryan is basically a really
boring accountant so here's Paul Ryan
talking about the American healthcare
act which is not the Affordable Care Act
it's the American healthcare act and he
put up a TV screen behind him any
jabbered about it for a bit we as
Republicans have been waiting seven
years to do this we as Republicans who
fought the creation of this law and
accurately predicted that it would not
work ran for office in 2010 in 2012 in
2014 and in 2016 on a promise that we
would if given the ability we would
repeal and replace this law how many
people running for Congress in the
Senate did you hear say that how many
times did you hear President Donald
Trump when he was candid Donald Trump
say that this is the closest we will
ever get to repealing and replacing
Obamacare the time is here the time is
now this is the moment and this is the
closest this will ever happen it really
comes down to a binary choice we now
have the ability through the budget
rules that we have in the Senate with
our three pronged approach to actually
make good on our word okay here's what I
hate and here's why I'm groaning and
grunting and making all sorts of animal
noises okay the reason that I'm upset
about this is I am very very sick of
Republicans telling us that we have a
binary choice it's always a stupid damn
binary choice it's a binary choice it's
either this bill or you get Obamacare
it's either Trump or you get Hillary
it's always at least it's with Trump and
Hillary there was an argument because it
actually is a binary election but here
you can propose any bill that you
possibly want right I mean here it could
be tons of different bills you could put
you could do it the way I want it you do
a piecemeal you can have a different
bill completely you can go back to the
drawing board you can have a
conciliation me
between Trump and McConnell and Ryan and
hash this thing out you could have you
could you could just pass the repeal and
not the replace there are tons of things
you can do I'm so tired of Republicans
trying to cram down crappy policy by
saying it's a binary choice it's by it's
either this or the highway well guess
what it isn't
guess what it isn't go back to the
drawing board and do better stop sucking
and when he talks about when Paul Ryan
says you know the Senate rules prevents
us from doing more than this because if
we do more than this then it violates
the Senate rules so use Mike Pence to
overrule the the committee rules chair
right the way that this works is that
reconciliation rules allow you through
reconciliation without having to meet
the 60-vote threshold reconciliation
rules allow you to mess around with the
specific provisions of Obamacare but
you're not supposed to go much beyond
that okay well if you don't like that
then you can either invoke the nuclear
option or you can just have Mike Pence
preside over the rules and overrule the
Senate chair when it comes to the rules
so know there are a bunch of different
options that happen here but again we
just keep hearing I'm sick of this
blackmail I'm sick of Republicans
blackmailing you
I'm sick of Republicans blackmailing me
I'm sick of this routine where it's we
came up with this crap standard from a
bill and if you don't get this you don't
get anything screw you you work for me
okay Paul Ryan works for me these
Congress people work for me and they
work for you and it's not their job to
tell you what options are on the table
all options are on the table because we
are the consumer we are the customer we
are the people who have rights we are
the people who put these people in their
job we are the ones who create the job
description when I hire somebody at say
Lee Weyer I create the job description
they don't create the job description
Paul Ryan does not create his own job
description he doesn't get to tell me
what the options are here the options
are what we say they aren't if we don't
like these options go pied it and go get
some new options I'm so sick of this and
the reason I'm sick of this is because
again it's used to take conservatism and
throw it out by the side of the road and
then say well you know this is the best
we could do this is the best we could do
I've been living my entire life under
Republicans who say this is the best we
can do and very rarely is it the best
they can do usually it's just some sort
of crappy halfway bill that doesn't do
what it's supposed to do and leaves in
place most of the provisions the
Democrats get why is that when Democrats
get power they immediately rammed
through bills that they love that their
base loves when Republicans get power
they immediately start trying to ram
through bills they think will make them
more
popular and then they don't even succeed
in being politically popular it's so
stupid
George W Bush did the same thing he's a
Medicare Part D you know this is what
you're gonna get and then we did it and
to make George W Bush wildly popular
you didn't win reelection in 2004 based
on Medicare Part D he won re-election in
2004 based on the fact that he was a
wartime president if he was not a
wartime president very little doubt that
george w bush's losses in 2004 and it
wasn't campaign finance reform that put
him over the top and it wasn't Medicare
Part D that put him over the top
every Republican who does this routine
where they say well you know if we just
do this thing that sort of half left ISM
and that's the best we can do why is
that always the best we can do it's so
frustrating and not only that now
they're trying to jam it through now
they're trying to jam it through okay so
here is Jim Acosta on CNN he's right
Paul Ryan is trying to jam this stupid
bill through that nobody likes seriously
nobody likes this bill the only people
who like this bill apparently are Trump
and Ryan and Trump is escaping all
criticism because I know we have to be
very careful about president Trump we
must not offend the great one we must
never say anything bad about President
Trump we have to say that it's all on
Paul Ryan Donald Trump is behind this
thing Donald Trump wants this thing
Donald Trump wants this thing because
this thing is half left ISM hey Donald
Trump is not a hardcore conservative
he's never been a hardcore conservative
particularly on this issue during the
campaign he basically came out at one
point for single-payer before walking it
back so this idea that they this is all
Paul Ryan's fault is just a bunch of
asinine nonsense if Paul Ryan put in
front of him a bill that just repealed
Obamacare there's no guarantee that
Trump would actually sign it because
he'd be afraid that there'd be blowback
for all the people who would quote him
will lose their insurance under Medicaid
from from Obamacare the White House
press secretary Sean Spicer saying we're
not jamming this bill through this
health care bill through well when you
have committees working almost through
the night when you have members of
Congress being asked to weigh in on a
proposal that has not been scored by the
Congressional Budget Office I think you
would have a lot of people up on Capitol
and also by the way you have a lot of
the stakeholders that were involved in
the formulation of Obama care doctors
hospitals and so on they really have not
been part of this process that that
pretty much meets the definition of
jamming things through
so the White House maybe saying we're
not jamming it through but they are
jamming it through at this point there
they want this on a fast track because
they know how incredibly difficult this
is going to be with so many CNN is
wildly biased and they are but in Jim
Acosta is wildly biased and he is but
what are you saying here is actually
true okay Obamacare took a year to roll
out a year and there is vast debate over
it which is why it almost died is why
Scott Brown ended up being a senator in
Massachusetts to replace Ted Kennedy
because the American people didn't want
Obamacare Democrats pushed it through
over the objections of the American
people and then they lost the house and
then they lost the Senate and then they
lost the presidency okay but Republicans
are jamming this thing through they are
it's been like two weeks is it this
thing came out what on Monday on Monday
this thing came out they're talking
about voting on it I think in two weeks
three weeks and come on come on and it's
garbage bill it's filled with garbage
it's just it's so foolish on every level
and it's not just a cost of saying it
right Tom cotton is saying people are
upset we're jamming this thing through
I'm with the American people and the
promises I made to our Kansans that
we're gonna reduce the cost of their
health care and make it accessible and
give them more control over their health
care choices look there there are a lot
of Republicans who are saying these
exact same things in private frankly
some of them on Steve Scalise is whip
team are saying the same thing I'm
simply saying in public what many
Republicans are voicing that the
legislation as it's written one probably
cannot pass the Senate but but two would
not solve the problems of our health
care system problems that Obamacare made
worse I think the American people care
much more that we solve those problems
than that we meet some kind of arbitrary
legislative deadline okay and that's
exactly right what he's saying here is
exactly right Tom cotton by the way is a
major ally of President Trump so when he
says this what he's really doing is he's
ppreciate he's for saging what is
actually going to happen here what's
actually gonna happen here is this thing
is gonna go down in flames Trump's gonna
blame everybody and then we're gonna get
stuck with Obamacare now I'm gonna talk
about the dangers of that in just a
second but first we have to say thank
you to our sponsors over at the u.s.
concealed-carry Association so if you're
somebody who worries deeply about your
second Amendment rights and wants to
make sure that not only do you have the
right to conceal and carry but also do
you have the firearms education and
training that you need self-defense
insurance they make sure that if god
forbid you have to shoot somebody in
self-defense they have a legal apparatus
that's available to you because just
because you did the right thing doesn't
mean that the legal system won't come
after you that's what you SCC
is four and right now just to
demonstrate you know how pro-gun they
are the u.s. CCA is going to buy ten of
my listeners at the gun of their dreams
so right now if you want to defend my
family now.com defend my family now calm
you can enter in what is basically a
sweepstakes ten chances to win $1,500
for any gun that you want no
restrictions you can pick any gone to
any brand any caliber defend my family
now.com to answer supercool offer go
there give them your information and
then you have a chance to win $1,500 for
any gun that you want ten chances
actually to win because there are 10
people who are gonna get this thing
1,500 bucks for any gun you want to
offend my family now calm again I don't
think there's any more important right
in the in the Bill of Rights than the
Second Amendment and us CCA makes sure
that the Second Amendment is upheld and
you have all the resources that you need
in order to ensure that the Second
Amendment maintains its power and
maintains its applicability to you and
your family the u.s. CC a great
organization defend my family now.com to
answer defend my family now.com they are
changing the game for responsible gun
owners making sure they have all the
education care and protection that you
need defend my family now calm for that
chance to win $1500 toward a toward a
gun of your choice which is super cool
okay
well I want to talk just briefly here
about the fact that this thing probably
will go down you know and what the plan
is after this Rand Paul is also saying
that this thing is going to go down in
flames here as Rand Paul saying you know
you basically been Republicans have been
fibbing about what's in this thing it is
a conundrum that's why we should vote on
the one thing that we all agreed on
about a year ago we voted on clean
repeal we don't agree on replacement but
we could have a separate vote on
Medicaid expansion and I'm guessing
Democrats and big government Republicans
would probably come together and find
that they will expand Medicaid many
conservatives aren't going to vote for
that mainly because it doesn't work
where we're dishonest in the accounting
we can't pay for the current Medicare
it's thirty five trillion dollars in the
hole the current Medicaid is is unfunded
and then we're going to add new
entitlement programs to that if you
really want to have Medicaid for
everyone in all these states you should
be honest with the people and you should
double or triple the state income tax
and
triple the the sales tax now I'm not for
that but that's what it would take if
you were honest instead we sell federal
government's gonna pay for it
federal government has no money we
borrow a million dollars a minute so
it's just dishonest to count okay
Senator Paul is exactly right here and
this is the problem Republicans have
decided that they are going to get in
the ball game of more efficient
government the conservatism the new
conservatism isn't about less government
it's about more efficient government
with the same exact mandate as the
Democrats no no it's but it's bound to
fail and it should fail now what this
leaves is a backup strategy and to hear
about the backup strategy which is going
to be basically let Obamacare stay in
place we'll talk about that but you have
to be a subscriber over at Daley wire
com $8 a month gets you the subscription
to daily wire comm plus you get an
annual subscription you get a free copy
of the Arroyo which is a free DVD copy
of a fictional film set on the southern
border really compelling kind of an
old-school Western set on the southern
border the Arroyo you get a copy of that
and obviously we're starting the Shapiro
store pretty soon I assume that we will
be selling Michael moles number one
best-selling book reasons to vote
Democrat I assume that will be part of
the Shapiro store and it's at some point
here but go to Daley wire calm right now
subscribe plus you can be part of the
mailbag we're doing a mailbag today and
if you want to send in your live
questions and have them answered and
have your life be made just incredibly
great because you had your question
answered by yours truly go to daily wire
comm right now and subscribe or to
listen later on iTunes or SoundCloud we
are the top conservative podcast in the
nation
you
you
