alright hello everybody happy National
Pancake Day by the way I don't know if
you can hear it but I'm coming down with
a little bit of a thing a little bit of
a sickness and so I'm gonna try to get
through this best I can actually my
whole family's been sick for the last
for the last like week and I thought
that I had escaped I was feeling pretty
proud of myself I was feeling proud of
my immune system and so I was saying to
my immune system way to go I'm proud of
you and then it immediately just let me
down you know there's there's there's
nothing worse by the way than being the
last person in the family to get sick
nothing worse than that because for one
thing you're left out I mean you're left
out to begin with because everybody's
sick at the same time and they're
hanging out and they're bonding and
they're having their popsicles in their
soup and they're having sick people
conversations and you're the odd man out
but then it flips around and they're all
healthy and they've in all the soup and
all the popsicles are gone
and nobody wants to bond anymore they're
all staying away from me because I know
I get the sickness again and the other
problem is that there's the comparison
that they'll make so everyone's rawls
comparison so they'll say oh you're
still sick after three days well I was
fine after two trying to make you feel
like a wimp or they'll go the other
direction and they'll say oh you only
have a fever of 100 well I had a fever
of 115 and so I don't know maybe which
is probably a total exaggeration by the
way anyway I want to I want to take a
break from the from the cabin all circus
to talk about a different circus this
one done in Texas there's an interesting
case involving the pledge of allegiance
and let me read the report from the
Washington Times for you it says Texas
state officials have intervened in a
dispute over the Pledge of Allegiance
backing a local school districts
expulsion of a student who sat during it
according to a report in the Houston
Chronicle Attorney General Ken Paxton
filed a notice to intervene in a civil
rights lawsuit brought against Cypress
Fairbanks ISD arguing that school school
children cannot unilaterally refuse to
participate in the Pledge students India
Landry was expelled from Winn fern High
School last fall for refusing to
participate in the pledge saying she's
been inspired by the NFL players such as
Colin Kaepernick with the support of her
parents miss Landry who is black then
sued the Sipho is
he sang the expulsion violated her free
speech rights and was racially motivated
the Attorney General's filing cites
supreme court finding that government
can back quote the national flag as a
symbol of our country Texas law allows
parents to submit a letter claiming an
exemption from standing for the pledge
but it apparently was not filed by Miss
Landry's parents the Texas law says
standing for the pledge is mandatory
otherwise and so okay that's the story
so I have a few different points several
opinions here and I'm all over the map
so I'm sure that I'll alienate everyone
that's my goal here is I'm gonna alien
alienate everyone and by the end of this
both sides will disagree with me and
that's because that's where I feel most
comfortable is where everybody is mad at
me so first of all and I know that I
will not find many conservative people
who will agree with me on this point but
I am NOT a fan really of the Pledge of
Allegiance in public school I the thing
itself is fine but the mandatory pledge
of allegience oh I'm not a fan of that I
don't like it for two reasons one I'm
not sure I see the point in forcing kids
to stand and pledge allegiance to their
country it seems to be a bit of an empty
ritual to me I mean this thing as a
ritual doesn't make sense to me now if
you can show me that it increases
patriotism and moneta really sink in and
help kids be loyal and patriotic
citizens then maybe I'll change my mind
but I don't think it has that effect I
don't I don't think you can show me that
I don't think that I don't think that
that's really the been the trend of
things in fact it seems like patriotism
has been sort of plummeting even though
kids are forced to say the Pledge I'm
not saying that saying the pledge causes
the patriotism to plump plummet but what
I am saying is I don't think there's any
evidence that forcing kids to say the
Pledge is likely to instill patriotism
in them I think it has no effect one way
or another and by definition a pledge of
loyalty and fidelity that you're forced
to say a pledge of appreciation for
freedom which you are
compelled to say seems rather
counterintuitive because when you say to
a kid stand and pledge your loyalty or
you'll be expelled it seems unlikely
that the pledge will then mean anything
because then they're just doing what
they have to do they're doing what
they're told
Vaz and pledges which are compelled are
not really there for vows or pledges
they are just words that you are forced
to say and so you said them too
I don't like the pledge of allegiance
because it says one nation indivisible
now the under got one nation under God
the under God part I like indivisible I
don't like I don't like now I don't mean
to get into semantics but the nation is
not actually indivisible I believe that
states have the right or ought to have
the right to secede if they like because
the state of California for instance
where they want to secede well
California is not owned by the federal
government okay
the federal government doesn't own
California doesn't own the people of
California doesn't own California itself
California entered into the Union by
choice it should have the choice to
leave if it wants to I kind of hope it
does but that's beside the point
so indivisible to me I just don't like
in fact the Pledge of Allegiance was was
originally written a lot of people don't
know this the Pledge of Allegiance was
written by a guy named Francis Bellamy
who was a socialist okay so that this
was this was a socialist idea to have
everybody getting up and forced to say
you know the Pledge one nation
indivisible this was a socialist idea to
begin with and I think you can kind of
see why so that's my feeling on the
pledge but second this is where I start
to win back maybe some conservatives who
knows here's my second point even though
I'm not a big fan of the pledge at
school I think that kids ought to stand
for it although I don't necessarily
think the pledge accomplishes anything I
think as long as it's being recited kids
should stand for it
now as an adult who's not in public
school I have the right to
I can make my own decisions about the
pledge I can do what I want but children
in school should be required to obey you
know that's my main issue with kids who
don't stand for the pledge it's not that
they're being unpatriotic because as I
said forced expressions of patriotism
are not really patriotism but the issue
to me is that they're being disobedient
and that they're calling attention to
themselves and they're refusing to
respect the authority of the people who
are in charge of them at school that to
me is the issue it is disobedience so we
have somewhere along the line we've
completely lost sight of this idea of
obedience and respect for your elders
and listen I know that since time
immemorial adults have been complaining
that kids don't respect their elders and
don't listen but now we've seen to have
categorically kind of rejected given up
on the very idea of kids being required
to obey and this has a lot to do with
parents so you have parents who send
their kids to school and the kid is
disobedient disrespectful defiant and
then the parents find out about it and
they side with their kid against the
adults these parents they want to have
it both ways they want the school system
to babysit their kids but they don't
want the school system to have any
authority over their kids you can't do
that
if you're putting your kid under the
authority of the school system then the
kid must be required to respect that
authority and you if you're a good
parent should should tell your kid that
my kids you know they know that when
they're being watched by a babysitter or
if they're going to Nana and Grandpa's
house or if they're ever in the custody
of some adult who is not mommy or daddy
they know because we tell them that
those adults now have the authority of
mommy and daddy and they are to listen
and they are to obey and if the
babysitter tells us that the kids were
being disrespectful we're not going to
take the kids side you know in fact my
wife and I came home from a date night a
few weeks ago and the babysitter told us
that our daughter screamed at her and
stomped out of the room for some reason
or another and so I went upstairs and my
daughter was already in bed
and I got her out of bed and I marched
her downstairs and I made her apologize
to the babysitter I didn't take her side
I didn't say well honey why did you
stomp out of the room and scream at the
bow she was mean to you
well then it's okay I'm gonna make her
apologize to you no I didn't do that
because I'm not a horrible parent I
entrusted my child into the care of this
babysitter and so now it's my
responsibility to back up the babysitter
and to take her side and that's how it
should be with school too when I went to
public school my parents were very clear
that I was to listen to my teacher do as
I was told be respectful and now I
didn't always fulfill that obligation
okay III but when I failed to fulfill it
which frankly was pretty often my
parents almost always took the teachers
side against me and rightly so this
student from what I read disobeyed her
teachers refused to stand some two
hundred times okay
this was consistent defiance of the
people who were in charge of her and no
she does not have a right to defy them
she has to do what she's told because
she's a kid
and she's at school and they're in
charge of her and that's what her
parents should be telling her they
should be telling her oh you have you
okay you don't like the pledge that's in
you know we could talk about that you
have interesting ideas whether that's
fine but when you're at school you do
what you're told
third point people say this is a free
speech thing kids have free speech in
school well no they don't actually
public this idea that kids are free you
know just have blanket free speech in
school is so stupid
it-it's so crazy public schools are
government institutions you are sending
your kid to a government building
entrusting them into the care of
government employees you are handing
over your kids to whatever programs
whatever rules whatever systems this
government institution has in place
don't like it don't send them the public
cool but if you send them there you
can't then go on about their freedoms
and their rights they are children who
you as the parent have put under the
authority of this government institution
so they do not have the right to do
whatever they want say whatever they
want and make whatever statements they
want they don't have that right they
don't have it now even if they weren't
in public school they still wouldn't
have the right to do and say whatever
they want children do not have full free
speech rights children because they are
not yet emancipated are always under the
authority of someone whether it's a
parent a teacher a guardian a babysitter
whatever
and those authority figures have the
right and the power to require the
children to do things and not do things
now obviously if those things if those
things that they're being required to do
are criminal or immoral then then
children you know have the right to
disobey but but barring that children
must obey my kids do not have free
speech in my house okay my house is not
a democracy
they don't have equal rights they don't
have free speech rights they don't have
First Amendment rights they don't have
second they don't have third they don't
have any of the amendment rights in my
house none of them I Got News for you
because it's my house you know and so
and so they have to listen my kids don't
I have free speech in my house my wife
has free speech our kids because they
are our kids and we're in charge of them
and we own the house and we own
everything because of that they're
required to obey so if my daughter calls
my son a little dumb boy which he did
this morning but my son came running
upstairs because my daughter had called
him a little dumb boy but and in fact
she called him she called him dumb this
is like a thing she could you know we're
trying to break her of this habit that
she's getting in the habit of calling
him dumb and a few days ago she called
him dumb and
and I and I said to her what why did you
say that which is a dumb question on my
part it's just like instinctive but I
said why do you why did you say that why
did you call him dumb and she said
because he was acting dumb and I wanted
to say okay well alright fair enough
but anyway so she called my you know she
called her brother a little dumb boy and
and and so I you know we had to talk to
her about that she can't claim that it's
her First Amendment right to say that
the First Amendment is irrelevant she
has no right to say that to her brother
you know what you know why she has no
right to say that to her brother because
we as the parents have told her she's
not allowed to say that and so she does
she gets punished that's how it works
with kids so all these people that are
fret you know talking about free speech
I mean do you real is that how you
parent do you really parent according to
the Bill of Rights with your kids no
kids have to listen and obey because
they're kids they don't have all the
same rights because they don't have the
same responsibilities as an adult your
you pay taxes you you know you you have
the ability to own things you have a job
and and also you can if you commit a
crime you can go to prison for the rest
of your life you know you're tried as an
adult
so there are all these different
responsibilities and things that you
face as an adult and so there are
certain rights that come along with
those but as a child you have really no
legal responsibilities whatsoever
you own nothing you do nothing right
you're you're always under the authority
of someone your ought you're always
under the direct authority of someone
and so therefore you don't have all the
same rights this idea that kids can just
go to school and they can just say
whatever they want make whatever
statements they want do whatever they
want that's chaos if that if we actually
if schools actually operated that way
well then schools would not be able to
operate we may as well just get rid of
the school system and have no school
anymore because it's just not possible
for a school to function that way kids
must be forced and compelled to listen
and obey and as a parent again if you're
a good parent and you're sending your
kid to school you should be telling your
kid that now I know for me you know when
I was a kid if I disobeyed my parents I
got in big trouble but if i disobeyed an
adult who my parents had entrusted me to
if i disobeyed them I got in even more
trouble for that because my parents saw
it as you know it's it's defiance and
it's also an embarrassment to them they
feel like they're being embarrassed by
my behavior and so I'd get even more
trouble I just don't understand these
parents who say well you're not my kids
parent you don't have any authority well
if you don't want them if you don't want
the teachers to have any authority over
your kid don't send them to school you
better keep them home and homeschool
them if you don't want any teachers to
have authority over your kid but if you
send them there and you're using the
school system as a babysitter well then
there are certain things that come along
with that and it means that your kid has
to listen so yeah you know what we we
can talk about the Pledge of Allegiance
I we have an academic conversation about
it we could have an interesting
conversation and you know I we can
express our opinions about it but in
school if this is what the teacher tells
you to do then you should do it because
it's not immoral it's not illegal so you
stand and you listen and you obey so
that's my feeling about this I mean and
then as far as expelling a kid for not
saying the Pledge you know that to me
seems rather extreme I'm not a big fan
of that but then again if it's a rule
and she's not listening and she's had
200 chances what are you supposed to do
at a certain point so all right we'll
leave it there but I'll be interested to
read some of your comments because I
think it's an interesting conversation
thanks for listening thanks for watching
Godspeed
you
