so you've read the headlines today a
brand spanking new study has found that
doing away with traditional marriage
laws has supposedly reduced suicide
rates among gay teenagers by whopping 14
percent in states that have embraced
same-sex marriage here are just some of
the glowing headlines PBS newshour
same-sex marriage laws linked to fewer
youth suicide attempts new study says
Washington Post legalizing same-sex
marriage was associated with fewer youth
suicide attempts new study finds the
Guardian drop in teenage suicide
attempts linked to legalization of
same-sex marriage
USA Today study teen suicide attempts
fell as same-sex marriage was legalized
these headlines which are just a tiny
sampling of the blanket media coverage
this study has received obviously
suggest that if conservatives who just
dropped their gol-darned old-fashioned
opposition to same-sex marriage kids
would stop killing themselves the study
printed in JAMA Pediatrics concludes
that same-sex marriage policies quote
would be associated with more than a
hundred and thirty four thousand fewer
adolescents attempting suicide every
year there's only one problem the study
really does not prove that the study
shows a basic correlation between
loosening same-sex marriage law and
suicide rate but it does not show that
same-sex marriage policies reduced
adolescent suicide attempts as the
study's conclusion state in facts the
study itself acknowledges quote our
analysis it does not allow us to
understand the mechanisms through which
implementation of same-sex marriage
policies reduce to adolescent suicide
attempts in other words they say they
know same-sex marriage policies impacted
suicide attempts but they have no idea
how well then they also failed to rule
out some of the most basic confounds for
any sociological study like this
associate socioeconomic status of the
students themselves is it possible the
students are committing suicide at a
lower rate because their parents are
making more money for example is it
possible that socioeconomic status also
has an outsized impact on particular
groups or how about the social
acceptance of gays and lesbians without
the legislative question the study
admits openly they couldn't check either
of those confounds out they said quote
we also could not control for unmeasured
individual level characteristics
including socioeconomic status or for
unmeasured state characteristics that
may change over time such as religious
affiliation or acceptance of religious
minorities and sexual minorities also
the study fails to explain why non LGBTQ
students would see their suicide rates
decline in states that approve same-sex
marriage how exactly is that supposed to
work some straight kid doesn't kill
himself because same-sex marriages
approved the research data shows
variability in suicide rates in states
over time as well why would the suicide
rate drop precipitously between 2005 and
2007 among states that only legalized
same-sex marriage in 2013 or 2014 the
study doesn't explain the study also
averages out state data rather than
showing a serious trend common to all
states that means a serious decline in
suicide rate in Hawaii could wash out an
increase in suicide rates in Delaware
look at the charts the pretty messy and
there's a reason for that the study says
quote the analyses on the association
between implementation of same-sex
marriage policies and adolescent suicide
attempts among those identifying as
sexual minorities should be interpreted
with caution
giving the limited data availability on
sexual orientation yet their conclusions
are bold they say quote we provide
evidence that implementation of same-sex
marriage policies reduced adolescent
suicide attempts as countries around the
world consider enabling a restrictive
same-sex marriage we provide evidence
that implementing same-sex marriage
policies was associated with improved
population health policymakers should
consider the mental health consequences
of same-sex marriage policies so much
for caution here's the bottom line the
study shows correlation not causation it
openly ignores basic data that would be
necessary in order to rule out
confounding factors it also averages
data in order to draw conclusions that
truly are state specific the study
acknowledges its limitations then draws
extraordinarily strong conclusions and
of course the media runs with this this
is how cautious science because becomes
utterly unconscious conventional wisdom
may be same-sex marriage lowers suicide
rates maybe it doesn't this study
doesn't prove it one way or another but
don't let the media tell you that i'm
ben shapiro this is the ben shapiro show
okay lots to get to today we can talk a
little bit about CPAC or as Kellyanne
Conway puts it t PAC she says now Trump
political action conference we'll get to
that in just a second plus with the
mailbag today whoo this is why you need
to subscribe so you can be part of the
mail ballot and have an extra-juicy
long mailbag today it's gonna go like 15
minutes mailbag so it's gonna be it's
gonna be excellent and you're going to
want to be part of it
so check that out and become a
subscriber at daily we're calm but first
we have to say thank you to our
advertisers over at lyft so as I have
said before my wife works really long
hours because she's a medical resident
she's a doctor and that means that
sometimes she's coming home really late
at night and she's really tired and the
people that she trusts to bring her home
are the folks over at lift every lift
driver is fully vetted through a ten
point safety standard including criminal
background DMV background checks you
know you're gonna get around quickly and
safety all their cars are supposed to be
relatively new I think they're all
within the last six years which means
you're not gonna get some old creeper
pulling up in a 1979 Chevy Marauder or
whatever who cares in any case the the
lift app is the way to do this it's a
fantastic app and you can tip in the app
which means that the drivers are happier
which means that you're going to be
treated better
lyft isn't the biggest ride-sharing app
but it is the fastest-growing ride share
app for a reason right now lyft is
offering our listeners a special deal
get three free rides up to ten bucks
each that's a $30 value when you enter
that promo code Shapiro's make sure that
when you go to lift you answer that
promo code Shapiro that's how they know
that we sent you plus you get three free
rides up to ten dollars each which is
pretty awesome just download that free
lyft app today enter that promo code
Shapiro in the payment section and you
get those three free rides lift the
people that I trust for my wife to be
driven around when I have to be driven
around they're the people I trust and I
can't really speak any more highly of a
company than that okay so let's begin
with what's going on at CPAC aside from
somebody apparently killing themself and
Richard Spencer being thrown out of the
proceeding so CPAC is always kind of a
zoo I've been to CPAC a bunch of times
it's always a lot of fun this year it
should be particularly fun because it's
Trump ear right it's it's Trump you're
zero so that means that everybody is
very excited as well they should be
there's a Republican president there's a
Republican House there's a Republican
Senate there should be a lot of talk
about policy there should be a lot of
talk about conservatism it is called
after all the Conservative Political
Action Conference
except the Kelly on Conway just showed
up there like a few minutes ago
and apparently she said does she's
making a first public appearance in
weeks she said that I think by tomorrow
this will be TPAC she was asked how has
Trump affected the conservative movement
she says I think by tomorrow this will
be T PAC meaning the Trump political
action conference and then she added
that conservatism was quote sclerotic
and dusty sclerotic and dusty so let's
start with that
no conservative political action
conference should probably be
advertising from one of its lead
speakers that the founding ideology and
founding idea upon which is based is
sclerotic and dusty the hero-worship for
Trump is is obviously over-the-top I've
been saying this for a long time call
him when he's praised when he's right
celebrated money's right put on the man
guy hat when he's right when he's wrong
say that he's wrong but your philosophy
should be what guides you not your
adherence to trumpism and getting a lot
of flack this morning because I made the
same point about Tucker Carlson so
Tucker Carlson over at Fox News whose
show is really very entertaining because
he basically has on some idiot from the
left every so often and then he hammers
them into the ground and it's really
entertaining stuff and he does the
Tucker Carlson patented bemused face
kind of well he's down split-screen and
he's really good at it and he's a very
talented host and he obviously getting
huge ratings one of the things that the
Tucker Carlson says in this Atlantic
interview is that he has no set ideology
I mean it's important to note about
Tucker that when he started out early on
as the Atlantic reports on CNN's
crossfire he was basically a mainline
partisan conservative and then after he
left CNN in 2005 he went libertarian and
now he's going for populist and so
Carlson was asked about this here's what
he said he said I'm not much of an
economic conservative I'm not
conservative at all on foreign policy
and then he said so he was asked well
why did you shift all your positions he
says if your politics don't change when
circumstances do you're an idiot you're
a reactionary and he says my views are
not super interesting I have a feeling
that you know some of Tucker's views I'm
sure shifted because the political
ground map changed because of trumpism
because of this nationalist populism
this idea that your reactionary if you
stick to your principles but you're not
a reactionary if you shift them in
reaction to events is definitionally
wrong reactionary means that you're
reacting to events by shifting your
principles and your philosophies now
listen Tucker can do whatever he wants
but it is dangerous for the movement as
a whole to simply shift its philosophy
based around whatever Trump wants that
day or whatever events happen that
that's not a philosophy that's not
that's worth upholding that's not a set
of values that's worth upholding and so
I think that we ought to be careful
before we fall into the idolatrous trap
of turning CPAC into TPAC of recognizing
that Trump is only important insofar as
he advances conservative principles when
he breaks from those conservative
principles you shouldn't be celebrating
TPACK right if 3-pack and CPAC are the
same thing then let's just call it CPAC
and TT if T PAC is something different
than CPAC then maybe that ought to be
called out a little bit so that's a
preliminary note on on CPAC it looks
like it's gonna be a fantastic event
looks like a lot of fun stuff is gonna
be happening there despite a lot of the
confusion that surrounded it because of
everything that happened with Milo
apparently Richard Spencer showed up and
he was immediately tossed out that is a
good idea and it's very funny a lot of
people have been talking this morning
about the idea that if you don't let
certain people speak at your event this
is called no platforming no no
platforming is when there is a state
group that refuses that discriminates on
the basis of viewpoint that would be no
platforming it's also no platforming if
you have a group that is dedicated to
free speech like say a university that
says in its mission statement that we're
dedicated to free speech and they're
banning certain people that would be no
platforming it's not no platforming for
a conservative group to not have Bernie
Sanders at the keynote speaker in fact
it's the opposite of no platforming okay
no platforming is but if you think that
no platforming means that you have a
right to sit in my chair and take over
my show for example or you have a right
to take over C pax mainstage or you have
a right to take over a historically
black University and your David Duke all
right you don't have a right to do that
doesn't mean that once you're invited
you should be tossed out if somebody
invites you then that is no platforming
to disinvite them but it is really
really really silly to make the
contention that you have a right to
someone else's distribution mechanism
for your message that's actually the
fairness doctrine right that's something
that conservatives oppose the left has
been saying for years the talk radio
should be hit with the Fairness Doctrine
because it's all right wingers and the
right has been saying no these are all
private companies they should be allowed
to say and do what they want
you can't hold both ideas in your mind
at once because they don't mesh okay so
no platforming is a bad thing if you
actually define it the way it's supposed
to be defined
if you define no platforming as
everybody should be allowed to take over
any stage that they want at any time
that's just silly that's just silly and
it's actually indicative of your opinion
on violation of Rights or violating
rights
is somebody saying something that you
want them to say okay all of that said
the the big issue of the day is actually
not happening at CPAC around the country
CPAC is not it doesn't really make a
blip around the country well it does
make a blip is all these townhall
uprising so there's a lot of talk about
paid protesters supposedly going into
town hall meetings and ripping on
Republican Congress people trying to
intimidate them into leaving Obamacare
in place among the people pushing these
things is Michael Moore here's Michael
Moore talking about the wonders of these
town hall protests you can see just
watch the footage there that these are
no but it's being paid and they are
there because they love this country and
they're coming up and you know what
you're just seeing really the first week
of these that's what's crazy to me I
mean when you look at you know we were
going back and looking at footage we're
talking about this today the big Town
Hall thing was August in 2009 because
but that was that was the August recess
and that's when those town halls
happened people get me yelled at and
just be there was a bill that was about
to be passed in the Bryan Station this
is only a month in right sorry this is
way no no this makes the Tea Party look
like preschool I mean seriously it makes
it that's silly I mean I love the left
claiming the Tea Party was bad but
what's happening now is good
listen everybody has the right to
protest but the fact that the media
continually downgrade and I know that
there was a reporter from political I
think who was downgrading the Tea Party
claiming that was all fake but this is
all real no no now I will say it's a
mistake for right-wingers to immediately
assume that all of this is fake that
it's all astroturfed
there's this tendency on both sides to
do this that the Tea Party was astroturf
by the Koch brothers and that all these
protests are astroturf by other groups
if there's evidence of that then show me
the evidence of that let's not just
throw out the idea that it's all
astroturf have had a lot of evidence of
that I haven't seen tons of evidence of
that I've seen some evidence that some
people are astroturfed but the idea that
everybody in all of these rooms is
astroturfed I don't think that's right
it's difficult to mobilize that many
people on the basis of paying them five
bucks an hour Sean Spicer basically said
this though he came out he said a lot of
this is just manufactured I think
there's a hybrid there I think some
people are clearly upset but there is a
bit of professional protest or
manufactured base in there but there are
obviously there are people that are
upset but I also think that when you
look at some of these districts and some
of these things it is it is it is not a
representation of a members district
or an incident it is a loud group small
group of people disrupting something in
many cases for media attention no
offense it's just I think that's that
necessarily just because they're loud
doesn't necessarily mean that there are
many and I think in a lot of cases
that's that's what you're seeing and
there's truth to there's truth to some
of that but just because a group is very
loud doesn't mean they're a lot of them
the alt-right is very loud it doesn't
mean they're a huge huge force but it's
a political mistake for spokespeople for
presidents to go out there and say that
when you can see a protest on TV it's
all fake it's all astroturf that makes
it look like a denial of reality I said
that by the way way back when okay
Robert Gibbs was the press secretary
under Barack Obama and here's what he
said about town hall protests directed
against President Obama's Obama care
your contention is the White House
contention that the anger that some
members of Congress are experiencing at
townhall meetings especially over health
care reform is manufactured I think some
of it is yes in fact I think you've had
groups today conservatives for patients
rights that have bragged about
organizing and manufacturing that anger
okay so again it was bad when Gibbs says
it I'm not a big fan when Spicer says
it's just politically speaking it's not
smart it's especially not smart as it
plays directly into the hands of the
protesters so for example here's one
woman who comes out at one of these town
hall events and she says look I'm not a
paid protestor I'm here just to talk to
you Thank You senator cotton for being
here today first of all I'm Mary story
from Fayetteville and I am NOT a paid
protestor
marry pin it can i address that point
that you just made yeah I don't really
care
anybody here's paid or not you're all or
Kansans and I'm glad to hear from
I know I know I know they've been
there's been some talk about that the
media some politicians have said that I
just want to say thank you to everyone
for coming out tonight whether you agree
with me or disagree with me this is okay
so you know good response here by
Senator cotton a much better response
than the spawn so you got from from Sean
Spicer but it does put people in an
awkward position when you say everybody
here is paid and somebody gets up and
says I'm not paid so these town hall
events I want to talk a little bit more
about them and what they're doing but
first I want to say thank you to another
one of our sponsors these are the good
folks over at Caesars so if you are
super into comedy if comedy is your
thing and right now let's face it I
think everybody's into comedy because
the world situation above all is
entertaining but if you need a break and
you go home at night you just want to
watch some comedy you need to go to see
SOCOM and you subscribe it's like 399 a
month for CSO and it's got endless
amounts of comedy and we're talking
about all of the old episodes of the
office and Parks and Rec and 30 rock and
it's got all the old episodes of Monty
Python the entire backlog of Saturday
Night Live back when it was good it's
got all sorts of new shows that they are
producing a bunch of which are really
really funny if you go to see so calm
right now
se ESO calm right now and sign up for a
month free with the promo code Ben at
checkout number 1 they know we sent you
number 2 yeah she gets to try it out for
a month and see how great it is and it
really is great I mean basically at
night my wife comes home from having you
know worked on people who are dying
needs a doctor and and we sit down in
front of C cell and we just and we just
lose loser I mean it's really funny it's
a really funny stuff C socom promo code
Ben and you can stream all the comedy
that you want anytime anywhere for $3.99
a month it is the best comedy that is
available you get all the late-night
comedy the day after it airs also if you
just wanna be up on the news and see
what all the late night hosts are saying
you can do that plus you get all the
stands up from people like louis c.k who
no matter how lefty is lucy kate is
really really funny and you can get all
of his stand-up so it is the one-stop
shop for comedy and that's why you need
to go to see SOCOM subscribe for three
ninety-nine a month but right now use
that promo code been try it out for a
month and see if you like it I promise
you you will it's really really funny
stuff really entertaining stuff okay so
back to these town hall events so these
town hall events have basically become a
way for the left to put some
pathetic faces on TV to talk about how
terrible would be if they repeal
Obamacare so here's an example of this a
woman gets up and she's asking Tom
cotton about her husband and I just want
to play this because I think that it's
indicative of what exactly the media are
trying to do and the sort of narratives
that come into play here we're going
Medicare my way not your way my way
husband died and we can't afford let me
tell you something if you can get us
better coverage than this go for it
let me tell you what we have plus a lot
of benefits that we need we have twenty
nine dollars per month for my husband
can you beat that can you with all the
congestive heart failure that open-heart
surgery something is yes we're trying
twenty nine dollars per month and he's a
hard worker now finding out dies for me
okay so the reason that I play this is
because I think this is what the media
are looking for what they're looking for
is exactly this they're looking for a
woman to get up there and say my
husband's dying keep Obamacare and
obviously your heart goes out to the
woman whose husband has a serious health
problem obviously obviously but to
pretend that she has extra moral
authority because she's experiencing
tragedy it's just not true and something
the left likes to play but only
selectively so after 9/11 they said that
the people's the the widows of 9/11 the
Jersey Girls as they called them they
said that they had impeccable moral
authority because they had spouses who
died on 9/11 therefore they should be
making policy for the whole country and
you heard this from Maureen Dowd what
there's a when I think it's Code Pink
when Cindy Sheehan who had a son who
died in Iraq when she started talking
Marines out immediately called said that
she had absolute Laurel Authority not
just moral authority godlike moral
authority to determine what policy
should be and what policy would be but
when it come to Pat Smith I mean
Michelle Malkin makes this point she's
right when it comes to Pat Smith the
mother of shawnsmith who's killed in
Benghazi she comes down as my son was
killed in Benghazi and that's a problem
and the entire media ignores her where'd
the moral authority go it's just gone
whew
out right no more moral authority it's
been debunked and the reason for that is
because the left likes to use tragedy as
a club with which to beat its enemies
but it will not allow there to be a
common rule about tragedy you know why
because tragedy can't be a common rule
because the vast majority of people in
life have experienced some form of
tragedy or another and it doesn't make
them experts on the topic it doesn't
mean that they should actually do create
the create the policy in fact there's a
good case to be made that if you've
experienced tragedy on a particular
score you should be the person who's
least likely to make the policy then the
logic being that if you're a doctor and
your son comes into the waiting room
with a with a cancerous tumor you
shouldn't be the one to operate on your
too close to the situation your empathy
is skewing how you're actually going to
treat the situation it's why we all take
doctor's advice rather than researching
it on our own and then just determining
that we're going to do X Y or Z like we
do our own research for them and that we
combine that empathy with actual
expertise and expert advice there's a
guy named professor Paul bloom at Yale
University he's written entire book on
the fact that empathy makes for bad
policy he says emotional empathy is a
different matter when it comes to
guiding our moral judgments in political
decisions recent research in
neuroscience and psychology shows that
empathy makes us biased tribal and often
cruel why because we have the empathy
for this lady right here maybe you're
being cruel to the millions of people
who are forced to buy health insurance
that they can't afford or forced off of
health insurance that they could afford
and this is what Bernie Sanders said the
other day says you know what what good
is it to have the right to buy health
care if you can't afford it and the
answer is number one it is the market
system that makes health care affordable
but number two it's a lot worse to me to
have a system where you can't afford
health care you're not allowed to get it
because of Bernie Sanders that seems
worse to me what professor bloom says
his empathy is activated when you think
about a specific individual the so
called identifiable victim effect but it
fails to take broader considerations
into account which is why people will
give tons of money when they see a
wounded baby seal during a hurricane but
they won't give any money to hundreds of
thousands of people being slaughtered in
Syria because one is an identifiable
victim and the other is not an
identifiable victim the point being here
the one you foreign-policy for millions
of people's for millions of people then
it is imperative that you put your
empathy to the side so that you can make
good policy doesn't mean you shouldn't
be empathetic doesn't mean you shouldn't
feel for this lady
this idea that the Left keeps trotting
out victims and then we're supposed to
make policy based on the fact that
certain policies have certain effect but
the statistical impact is is either
small or or is balanced out by other
factors that's really a bad way to make
policy but this is what the left is
trotting out in clip 16 we get this from
another woman she does the same sort of
thing my family has been in the Ozarks
since the 1800s
we are historically Republican family
we're farming families we're an NRA
family we're an army family aside from
inheriting their patriotism and their
work ethic I unfortunately inherited a
incurable genetic connective tissue
disorder I qualify for Medicare but
unfortunately it's useless for me since
only two of my doctors who are the only
doctors and over five hundred mile
radius who are familiar with my
condition accept Medicare without the
coverage for pre-existing conditions
I will die will you commit to
replacements in the same way that you
have committed to the repeal
obviously the zoo and she gets a
standing ovation for the question not
even for the answer righteous for the
question and again the idea is that her
suffering confers a certain level of
value to her opinion again you have to
feel awful for this person you have to
feel terrible for this person and I
promise you that if she started a
charity fund people would raise tons of
money for her because again that
identifiable victim effect means that
our empathy for her means that we would
help her out but shifting a but crafting
a broad public policy around one person
and their suffering and their tragedy is
just not it's just not good public
policy it just isn't it just isn't so
it's also worthwhile noting by the way
that all these Republicans have already
said that they want pre-existing
conditions to be covered which is
something with which I disagree because
that doesn't actually that doesn't
actually look like insurance anymore but
you know that's because I'm talking
about broad public policy not about
having to win reelection when you've got
these sort of sympathetic stories being
trotted out on a routine basis okay
before we go to break here I've said
before that we all should everybody
needs to subscribe to daily wire comm
eight dollars a month you can
subscribing be part of the mailbag today
and and that's gonna be a really solid
mailbag so we're gonna get into that in
just a little bio if you subscribe right
now it can be part of this week's
mailbag we do take live questions on the
mailbag so we'll do all of that but
right now if you subscribe annually you
also get a free copy of the DVD of the
Arroyo and I've been talking about this
fictional film that takes place on the
border I want to show you some of the
trailer so you know what you're getting
when you subscribe do you ever been to
Mexico looks just like this same land
same sky
everybody wants to be here you ever
wonder about that
over 1,500 in the last six weeks that's
just on my land and that's just the ones
I've counted
we ain't got no problems at all to hear
the politician telling I get him times
are hard in our community we all want a
magical cure to our problems found
another dead kid on the land third one
this year quilters do pretty much as
they please
you hear about that mess up in Phoenix
whole family slaughtered by the cartels
what am I supposed to do if it's not my
job to enforce federal law then whose
job is it Elaine nobody gonna help us
down here not Uncle Sam
nobody we nothing but a nuisance to them
except when it comes time to write the
check
maybe it's time we helped ourselves
if you hurt my family you should have
told that boy to shoot me on sight hello
just trying to avoid the okay corral
well you didn't says egg it's really
going to be live streaming it on
Facebook the entire movies you can get a
taste of it on Friday so check that out
and right now if you get that annual
subscription you get a free copy of the
Arroyo okay so that ends our our
Facebook and and YouTube today but go
over to daily wire calm and subscribe or
listen later at iTunes we are the
largest conservative podcast in the
nation
you
