some of you may remember a popular
series of books from the 80s and 90s
called Where's Waldo Where's Waldo was a
charming game for children starring a
nerdy fellow named Waldo who wore a red
striped t-shirt and hat a pair of
glasses and an idiotic smile each page
would feature various crowd scenes
filled with hundreds of people with
Waldo hidden in the mom your child would
try to find Waldo in the picture while
you sat quietly drinking yourself into a
stupor and muttering about how your
dreams for an exciting and accomplished
life had devolved into this moment of
meaningless boredom after which you
finally lapsed into unconsciousness
maybe that was just in my house anyway
today Where's Waldo maybe just a fond
memory that your child likes to share
with his psychiatrist but there is a new
game that's been charming children and
adults alike in Washington DC it's
called where's Congress in where's
Congress you look at a bustling American
Capitol full of busy people the White
House is jam-packed with new appointees
drafting orders to cut back on
regulations and limit the power of
bureaucracies as well as advisors and
diplomats reasserting America's presence
in the world the press room is filled
with hard-working journalists busy busy
busy making up lies about people they
don't agree with and interviewing each
other as anonymous sources in order to
spread stories about Russian
conspiracies while simultaneously acting
shocked when they're called biased
dishonest and corrupt but where's
Congress whatever happened to those
lovable nerds with their stripe ties and
glasses and idiotic smiles who promised
they were going to do all sorts of
wonderful things just as soon as they
got a Republican president to sign their
bills for them remember how they said
they were going to cut taxes
where's Congress I can't find them
anywhere in the Washington crowd
remember how they passed all those
fabulous bills repealing Obamacare
during the Obama administration when
they knew the bills would be vetoed so
they had no responsibility for any
actual results
where's Congress now as hard as I look I
don't see them every so often if you
stand very still and listen very hard
you can
a tiny tiny voice that sounds a little
like Paul Ryan saying Obamacare is
collapsing Obamacare is a disaster
Obamacare is going to be repealed but
where's Congress to actually pass the
bill to repeal it I bet you could stare
at the picture of Washington DC for
hours and hours and still not come up
with an answer
boy this is a fun game isn't it don't
get me wrong the problem is not that
gutless Republicans cowed by years of
being brutalized by the media are now
afraid to attach themselves to Donald
Trump's agenda for fear the media will
take him down and they'll go down with
him oh if that were true Congress would
be hiding under a table trembling in
yellow terror hey wait that's where they
are I guess I win the game trigger
warning
I'm Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Clavin show
yes it's the Andrew Clavin show where
democracy dies in darkness have you
heard this this is the Washington Post
new slogan democracy dies in darkness
they say it has nothing to do with
Donald Trump they just just happen to
have democracy I think that's almost
right I think it should be the
Washington Post journalism dies and
self-important stupidity I think that
would be a better slogan right under the
mast net all right it's mailbag day all
your problems solved we answer your
questions and their answers will change
your life possibly for the better if
you're on Facebook and YouTube you'll
have to come over to the Daily wired.com
and while you're there to hear the rest
of the show cause we'll be in the second
half of the show but while you're there
you should subscribe and then you can
ask questions and then your miserable
life convene transformed into the happy
life of the Andrew Klavan audience what
else tomorrow we have voted then
alternator John Nolte is coming on so
we'll talk about a lot of things and
meanwhile you know there are a lot of
reasons to listen to the Andrew Clavin
show there's the incredible political
satire the insightful commentary but the
most important reason is we give away
free food do you hear rush giving away
free food I mean here it is if you come
here and you go on blue apron calm slash
Andrew you will get three free meals
this is a service that brings
ingredients fresh ingredients to your
home that you can then cook into a
restaurant level meal I have used it I'm
using it more it is really terrific it's
about 10 bucks a person per meal it's
got incredible variety all these really
elegant dishes that you can cook it
comes with these very exact is a very
exact number of ingredients the
measurements were all done for you and
then it has these instructions that are
really simple and you can put together
these meals that like I said they really
are restaurant level and instead of
being at a restaurant you get to cook
together and the family that cooks
together eats together something like
that so you but the most important thing
is you can get it for free I know how
cheap you are other
you would be subscribing to our site
check out this health is week's menu and
get your first three meals free with
free shipping too by going to blue apron
calm slash Andrew you will love how good
it feels and tastes to create incredible
home-cooked meals with blue apron so
don't wait that's blue apron calm slash
Andrew
blue apron it's a better way to cook it
really is good that really is
alright so a lot of stuff happened
yesterday I kind of had a theme I think
there was actual theme to events the
theme was political correctness versus
evil you know it's like the evil of
political correctness nobody hates
political correctness more than maple it
I've said this a million times but
political correct correctness is mental
slavery it was intended to be mental
slavery it was intended to make it
impossible for you to criticize that
crappy policies of the left so you know
they do it all the time they impose
these policies that make black people
dependent on government handouts and
then you say hey you've made black
people dependent that's racist that's a
that's a racist thing to say you know
Obama becomes president you say oh
there's a black cloud moving over watch
you said black and you know it's meant
to make you think everything think
through everything you say until you
feel like you're stepping on eggshells
and it has created one of its worst
aspects it has created this apology
culture where every time look if you
talk even as much as I do if you're part
of the media you're gonna be talking a
lot it's a 24/7 news cycle you're gonna
say a lot of things sometimes you're
gonna get things wrong you're gonna say
something you didn't quite mean you want
to take it back later you want to adjust
it or whatever but this constant shaming
of people like the Stalinist show trials
where you're supposed to stand in front
of a microphone and hold your head it's
disgusting and we're all sick and tired
of it and we all want to break free of
this thing I wrote I think it's in 2009
I wrote a review and the New Criterion
of John Darby Shores book the Derb they
used to call him Derbyshire was really
interesting because Derbyshire was an
open racist he would say you know I
believe that I believe that the science
just shows basically that black people
were inferior
was he believed and he was always he
would always say this he he said there
was no hatred attached to it you didn't
think there should be any policies about
it but he was just saying that that's
what he thought he constantly said it
and he was working at National Review
and then one day he came out and for
some reason it got some news and
National Review fired him and I love the
people of National Review I'm friendly
with many of them I think is a great
great magazine think everybody should
read it but I thought they were wrong I
thought they already had him he was
saying what he was saying he was openly
saying that there's no reason to
suddenly get caught and then have to
push him under the bus I reviewed his
his book which was very funny I think
was called we're doomed and let me just
read you because sometimes you say
something and it's as well as you're
gonna say it so there's no reason we
repeating it let me just read you the
first the opening of my review I said
like many leftist nostrums the doctrines
sometimes known as political correctness
accomplishes almost exactly the opposite
of what it intends the general PC idea
is that there is some effective virtue
in believing that what is fair is also
true if it seems good to us that all
races should be should be of equal gifts
and capabilities or that any disparity
and competencies between the sexes is
the result of societal influences rather
than genetics well then we have only to
close our line eyes and think it so and
so it will someday be anyone who allows
any expression of doubt or disagreement
to cross his mind or passes lips must be
shamed into silence the shame and
silence themselves become instruments of
the social change that will ultimately
make the wished-for truth the truth
indeed yet rather than make the world
less racist or sexist political
correctness only really serves to lend
to both racism and sexism a glamor of
individualism and honesty so thrilled
are we when PC's tyrannical authority
over our consciences is challenged by
some direct expression of observation
common sense or just good old-fashioned
prejudice that we are startled into
laughter it's as delightful as watching
a nun sit on a fifth graders tack so you
can see immediately the moral hazard the
right that that occurs when people
suppress something I think I think was
Coleridge said of Hamlet with what
suppress comes back double this of Freud
is also Freudian the the idea that this
pressed comes back with a vengeance
anything that suppress comes back with a
vengeance and that is part of the
problem the moral hazard that we're
facing now you know the the thing about
the left is the left sometimes seeds the
field but they also always leave
landmines in the ground for you to blow
yourself up on right and they leave they
have this valley of lies that they live
in and then they when they have to are
chased off the valley of lies they leave
a little leave little landmines so that
you blow yourself up look I've said this
repeatedly I will say it again bigotry
is evil
I think racism is evil doesn't mean
there's no difference between the races
it's just it doesn't matter this is
God's world he made it you know we are
instructed to love one another you know
but it's not racist for instance it's
not racist to say there are a lot of
Jews in Hollywood any more than its
Ray's it's a lot a lot of blacks play
basketball you know good for them you
know a lot of you know this there's an
old joke in how does it go in in heaven
the Germans are the philosophers the
French are the lovers and the British
are the police in hell the British of
the lovers the French of the
philosophers and the Germans of the
police yes a lot of different versions
of that but different cultures create
different levels of expertise possibly
there's a genetic component in there - I
don't know and it means it means that
when criminals turn up because they will
turn up in every race they turn up in
those areas you know you're gonna find
you'll probably find a Jew Krim criminal
being like Bernie Madoff before you find
one mugging you on a dark street you
know it's just it's just where the
cultures have led people to go but
they're gonna be good people and bad
people and they will partake of that
culture in that narrative that's the way
it goes that's not bigoted to say those
things but the problem is the moral
hazard right the problem is that if you
are suppressed in your in these honest
expressions of observation like there
are a lot of Jews in Hollywood that
ultimately it becomes glamorous to
attack people for being Jewish and
becomes glamorous just to say to dislike
people you know which is insane firstly
just just as a side note it makes you
unhappy I know I know people people who
are racist thinking they're they're
getting some kind of power but it really
makes you miserable over time because
it's a horrible way to live I mean
really it is a horrible way to live
if you can't tell the difference between
making an occasional funny racial joke
or you know making observations racial
observations and and really unleashing
hate on people and hurting people then
it's easy simply walk into the bathroom
look in the mirror and slap yourself in
the face because you're an idiot you
know and I mean you need to teach
yourself the difference between being
hateful and being honest but the thing
is the art the the moral has is that
we're facing now are twofold one is this
idea that the enemy of my enemy is my
friend that Ben wrote a really great
piece for National Review I think it's
also on our the daily wire thing he
wrote a really good piece about that
Jonah Goldberg wrote an excellent piece
about it in the LA Times that the enemy
of my enemy is my friend is a
utilitarian statement it is true as a
utilitarian statement if you have to
defeat the Nazis nothing wrong with
teaming up with the Soviet Union it
isn't you know to defeat the Nazis of
course it is not a moral statement that
doesn't make the Soviet Union good
people it doesn't make the Soviet Union
philosophy good Soviet Union was one of
the great cancers on the 20th century a
century riddled with cancers and you
know we had to team up with them to
defeat the Nazis but that didn't mean
they were right it had nothing to do
with that utilitarian wisdom had nothing
to do with morality and that is true now
the people who are dogging the left we
love them for dogging the left they may
be right they may be wrong but we have
to be able to tell the difference the
other thing is this argument about the
argument from hypocrisy the argument
that the left I mean the left they are
hypocrites at a level I do not think the
right even dream I don't even think we
can aspire to the hypocrisy of the left
I mean they're racists who denounce
racism you know they're people who
decide that if you are Clarence Thomas
you're not a good enough black person to
go into the african-american Museum I
mean it's insane racism they divide us
by race and we who believe in the e
pluribus unum that we're all linked
together by the great American idea you
know they attack us for not dividing
that they are racists who denounce
racism they glamorize and forgive child
molestation all the time at you know
Roman Polanski they make movies
glamourizing child molestation the
reader the Woodman I mentioned these the
other day and then you know when when
somebody says something on the right if
they can shoot him down suddenly they're
all they're all shot most of all they
have this thing about inclusion which
includes only those people who agree
with them they are the most exclusionary
people but but this is why I despise
them right so the argument that well
they do it so we can do it and not so
much you know it has it is a little bit
of that validity I'll I'll grant us a
little bit of ility I'm not gonna
apologize for every piece of hypocrisy
on the right or every piece of you know
everything that they condemn I'm not
gonna apologize for anything basically
but but I'm not gonna use that as an
argument to defend my positions my
positions have we have to know we
believe we have to defend our positions
from that so let's look at all of this
at work I mean it was really it was
really brilliantly illustrated in the
news yesterday should I pause here and
say goodbye I think I must I'm gonna
pause here and say goodbye to Facebook
in YouTube but you can hear the rest of
this and it's going to be great at the
daily wire.com
and that's where you can find the
mailbag
