so going back to this interview with
martha maccallum Cavanaugh says he was
never even at Fort spot I mean this is
the the thing the the things and stuff
they're throwing at him now are so
unsubstantiated that it's just not fair
it's not fair to knock him down on the
basis of this he says he was never at
this party
he never was in the town he wasn't in
the town when they were doing it but the
big one was that Michael avenatti thing
where Michael avenatti said oh we have
evidence that he nyan mark judge were
kind of going to these parties and
organizing gang rapes and so martha
maccallum asked him about that and this
was a very dramatic conversation totally
false and outrageous never done any such
thing known about any such thing when I
was in high school and I went to an
all-boys Catholic High School a Jesuit
High School where I was focused on
academics and athletics going to church
every Sunday at little flower working on
my service projects and friendship
friendship with my fellow classmates and
friendship with girls from the local
all-girls Catholic schools and yes there
were parties and the drinking age was 18
and yes the seniors were legal and had
beer there and yes people might have had
too many beers on occasion and people
generally in high school I think all of
us have probably done things we look
back on in high school and regret or
cringe a bit but I know that's not what
we're talking about we're talking about
an allegation of sexual assault I've
never sexually assaulted anyone I did
not have sexual intercourse or anything
close to sexual intercourse in high
school or for many years thereafter and
the girls from the schools I went to and
I were saying that all through all these
years that are in question you're a
virgin that's correct
never had sexual intercourse with anyone
in high school correctness through what
years in college since we're probing
into your personal years many years
after I'll leave it at that many years
after oh my god a virgin what does he
Mike Pence remember her my fence because
he said he said I wouldn't go out he
wouldn't go out with a woman alone what
are you afraid of Mike you're afraid the
35 years later she's gonna charge accuse
you of something you didn't do
I mean it is amazing you can't win you
can't win if you're Mike Pence you're a
horrible crazy Christian who doesn't
like women and if you go out with a girl
who knows they may crucify you later on
