many in the media feel that Donald Trump
is being unfair to them when he says
they are dishonest and biased against
him they insist that they are just
telling the objective truth when they
say he's a stinky poopoo face who was
making the Statue of Liberty cry by
beating Mexicans to death with the
bodies of innocent Muslims the question
is our American journalists a collection
of small-minded and corrupt elites so
mesmerized by Democrat talking points
they couldn't find their way to
objectivity with a map and a flashlight
because they're so busy raking in
millions of dollars from their corporate
overlords that they can't examine the
belief systems that have turned them
into low narrow minded dishonest and
blithering buffoons or does it just sort
of seem like that to everyone
the fact is recent studies of American
journalism since the election of Donald
Trump have found that reporting has
become so inaccurate that the phenomenon
can only be accounted for by either
dishonesty hysteria hysterical
dishonesty or dishonest hysteria or
hysterical dishonest hysteria about
hysterical dishonesty
for instance the New York Times a former
newspaper recently ran a story headlined
how Trump's rushed to enact an
immigration ban unleashed global chaos
it later turned out there was no global
chaos although one New York Times editor
was found running around in circles in
The Times men's room until he ricocheted
off the stalls the editor later
confessed he was upset because he had
discovered he was a heterosexual male
instead of a New York Times editor in
another instance NBC reported that the
Trump administration had eased sanctions
on a Russian intelligence agency it
turned out that the sanction change was
a small technical adjustment to free up
trade NBC corrected the story saying
they had made an honest mistake by lying
because they were corrupt Democrats
trying to give the impression the Trump
was soft on Russia
The Washington Post Josh Rogin published
a bombshell report claiming that the
State Department's entire senior
management team had resigned part of
what Rogen called an ongoing mass exodus
of senior foreign service officers who
don't want to stick around for the Trump
era the story turned out to be
completely false and Rogan apologized
saying
he had only meant to spread panic and
discord and make the administration look
bad because he hated them so much
it made his stomach hurt and he couldn't
sleep at night and sometimes when he was
in the shower he would just cry and cry
and cry other false stories from the
media include Trump's threat to invade
Mexico which never happened a Muslim
woman who died without medical care
because of Trump's travel pause though
she died before the order went out and
of course the bust of Martin Luther King
jr. that was never removed from the Oval
Office some journalists have defended
their error filled reporting CNN's Wolf
Blitzer even went on the air to announce
his support for his Network though he
was jiggling his beard to spell out help
me in Morse code Wolfe was later rescued
and airlifted to an alternative universe
where CNN news stories are true
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
hooray alrights it's the clave endless
weekend is almost upon us but Lindsay's
here and she came back come back and say
come over and say hello wave to
everybody because this is the only
reason people watch the show House Texas
yeah yeah well let's thank God so some
people have jobs that's why that's why
we do we need them all right you know
I'm not joking about this this press
thing with those mistaken reporting
since Trump has been elected it is it's
getting almost impossible to know what
stories are real I'm so worried about
coming on here and just having say
saying this whole thing about something
that happened yesterday and it didn't
happen at all John Nolte the great and
alternator is writing his job now is
just recording the mistakes you know
that the press makes I used to think
Northey was an honorable guy but the
fact that he's taking money for that I
mean that that's gotta be the easiest
job in America here's what I'm wondering
about okay I'm wondering if this
domination its complete domination of
the news media by the Democrats you know
it obviously creates this Empire of Lies
for us all and we're bombarded by these
lies constantly but now with Trump
nobody's listening to them anymore and
I'm wondering if what is really doing is
creating this alternative dishonest
illusory universe for the Democrats so
they can't tell what's going on I mean
they may have actually they may actually
be hurting themselves by creating this
atmosphere of falsehood that they
themselves believe you know back in the
one of the reasons I became an outspoken
conservative which was not that good for
me it was made it very hard for me to
work in Hollywood where I was working
quite a lot but you know they started to
make these movies while our troops were
in the field attacking the war on terror
so they would make films like redaction
and Lions for lambs and others just
there I think there were like a dozen
green zone in all of these films America
was the bad guy and all of the film's
bomb then they would bomb one after
another and the reason I started writing
about it was I just thought it was wrong
to make
films against the war while the soldiers
were actually being shot at they didn't
do that during the Vietnam War all those
famous anti-vietnam war films were made
after the war was over
while these films are coming out they're
bombing bombing bombing but they keep
making them doesn't matter making them
one after another after another variety
and the New York Times echoed this I
think variety wrote a piece saying gee
you know Americans just aren't
interested in the war on terror they're
just not interested in seeing movies
about this and I was like did they
really believe that because of course
then American sniper came out which was
about the fact that Americans were
heroes in the war on terror and it was
one of the top-rated r-rated films ever
made I think is number five on the list
of box-office hits of all rated films
wow these guys are so embedded in their
own world that they think that they
attacking America as the bad guys in a
war against this medieval Mad Men they
think that people just aren't interested
in the war you know this happened just a
few months ago I had an idea for a Bible
story and I was talking to one of my
agents and he said oh they don't make
Bible stories anymore and I said well
why not
you know they mean Mel Gibson spent like
25 mil or something and he made a
billion dollars on well I said they're
just they fail look at the Noah picture
and gods and Kings the one about Moses
and I said well you know when they made
gods and kings
Christian Bale went on Nightline and
said Moses was like a terrorist to the
Egyptian Empire Moses was a terrorist
kind of comparing Moses to the Islamic
terrorists who were attacking America
and when they made Noah which was if for
those of you who've never read the Bible
to know is you know the world is
destroyed because of sin but in the
movie it's destroyed because we're not
environmental enough so of course the
people who like the Bible who believed
in the Bible and who love God and want
to see these movies don't show up and
then Hollywood says to themselves well
they're not making they don't like these
movies so they're living in this
complete illusory universe so watching
the news yesterday this is what brought
this to my mind I start to think like
maybe then they have the Democrats are
so wrapped up in the media that they
don't understand what the rest of us are
saying everybody between New York and LA
and I'm starting to suspect
there are people in New York and LA is
seeing the same thing so two big stories
yesterday that the media is talking
about talking about one is the judge
Neil Gorsuch his Trump's appointment to
the Supreme Court made a remark about
Trump's remarks about judges because
Trump's travel paws went before the
Ninth Circuit Trump felt the 9th circuit
was being ridiculous he went in front of
law law enforcement officers and he read
the statute which gives him almost
unlimited power to ban travel if he
thinks there's danger and so he stands
play the trump card this is Trump saying
like how can they not understand this
when you read something so perfectly
written and so clear to anybody and then
you have lawyers and you watched I
watched last night in amazement and I
heard things that I couldn't believe
things that really had nothing to do
with what I just read and I don't ever
want to call a court biased so I won't
call it biased and we haven't had a
decision yet but courts seemed to be so
political and it would be so great for a
justice system if they would be able to
read a statement and do what's right so
he just doesn't want to call them biased
about I'm not calling bias but he's
calling them biased right you know
wonder day I was talking to a guy he's
he's kind of famous he's on CNN and he
said you know I was talking about the
way Trump plays with the truth the way
he just kind of overstates things and
all this and this guy said you know
people know the difference between a BS
artist and a liar a liar says if you
want your to keep your health plan you
can keep your health plan and then you
can't that's lying a BS are just blows
things up a little bit you know he says
this is gonna be the best thing that
ever happened there's gonna be a Nissen
Trump is not he's a BS artist because he
does what he says he's gonna do so he's
not a liar but he does BS a lot you know
and this is and this is what's throwing
the press off and one of the things that
what he said there was a lot of truth to
it when they people stood up you know a
bar in New York wrote about the
arguments before the
Ninth Circuit he said one of the things
was so amazing was that both sides seem
to know nothing about some of the most
basic real-world issues surrounding the
case
he says the judge on the US District
Court who stopped the order believed
that none of these countries that Trump
has banned refugees from have had any
effect have had any have that none of
the people from those countries have
committed terrorist attacks and Robart
asked a justice to point
Department lawyer how many arrests have
there been of foreign nationals from
those seven countries since 9/11 and the
lawyer said he didn't know Robart said
let me tell you the answer to that is
none as best as I can tell and what he
was getting he was getting information
from CNN but the fact is that's not true
okay there's they they have committed
acts of terror and they have been
arrested and people have been you know
these are some of the guys who were on
the law enforcement radar okay
so Neal corsets is making the rounds on
Capitol Hill he's talking to a senator
he talks to a Democratic senator
Rosenthal and that's Richard Rosenthal I
think he's from Connecticut and
Rosenthal now goes before the press and
tells the press what he said in this
what course had said in these private
conversations I said to Judge Gorsuch
that I find these attacks on the
judiciary absolutely a pourraient and
unacceptable and I asked him to express
his criticism and to condemn these kinds
of public attacks on an independent
judiciary and at that point after some
back-and-forth he did say that he found
them to be disheartening and
demoralizing but my view is this
condemnation has to be public direct
explicit because he has to show the
American people that he will be
independent more than just a rubber
stamp for a president who has launched a
series of blistering and bullying
attacks on the american courts
anticipating in fact to blame them for
any terrorist incident that may occur if
his side of this case on the immigration
ban is not upheld so the new york times
which has been doing this really
interesting thing i wake up every
morning 5:00 about 5:30 in the morning
and the first thing i do is i read the
bible a little bit and then the next
thing I do is I look at the New York
Times I do this so you don't have to
this is the kind of selfless thing I do
for you people I read the New York Times
so you don't have to and they are so
biased but later when I go back and look
at the stories they've all been fiddled
with they change them because I'm
reading it online so they can change it
without leaving any trace of the fact
yes so today this is how they covered
the story Trump shoots the messenger
I called them Rosenthal his name is
senator Blumenthal that was my mistake
sorry senator Blumenthal Trump shoots
the messenger because what Trump did was
he complained about the fact that
Blumenthal came out and talked about
what was a private conversation which is
not the typical thing usually these
appointees can go and talk to the
Senators know that they're protected
there's a private conversation but
Blumenthal wanted everyone to know this
was going on so they said this is their
headline as Trump shoots the messenger
and they say it was a bit of a
kiss-and-tell moment there's not serious
that he violated this confidence but
it's a bit of he says the account was
readily confirmed but that wasn't enough
to stop the president from going after
mr. Blumenthal where it hurt and Trump
then tweeted
Senator Richard Blumenthal who never
fought in Vietnam when he said for years
he had major lie now represents what
judge gorsek now miss represents
judge Korsak told him the times then
goes on to say the president was
referring to 2010 news broken in the New
York Times a media outlet he is openly
criticized so in other words we got the
story but he criticized us but now he's
quoting us this is a news story this is
not like this is not an editorial that
mr. Blumenthal had exaggerated his
Vietnam hero service now when I woke up
this morning at 5:30
there was a line after that that said
Trump never served either because of
that bad foot of his haha as if that had
anything to do with lying about your
service I never served but I'm going
around telling people oh yeah when I was
in Nam you know I think that's that's a
lot different personally and again this
is just me saying this I don't know what
the rest of the people are saying I felt
really well of Trump that he was
offended that he didn't say Oh gorsek
shouldn't have said that
of course it shouldn't have attacked
what I was saying I mean do you remember
when he announced
korsak's appointment he shook hands with
them I don't have the video with me now
but he shook hands and he tried to pull
gorsek into this like kind of into a
handshake like who's gonna pull him and
put his arm around and gorsek wouldn't
move you know cuz this guy he stands up
for himself he holds his ground right
and Trump has let all his appointees do
that he's let all those appointees
disagree with him this looks good to me
when a judge who we want to be obviously
we want him to be independent we wanted
to do what he has to do on the Supreme
Court the Trump isn't saying he
shouldn't have said that
he's attacking the senator I thought it
looked good and well you know I got to
stop and say goodbye to people on
Facebook and YouTube so you can come
over to the Daily wire.com and hear the
rest but if you want to watch the rest
you got to subscribe you got our
subscribe and you could have been on the
mailbag you've missed another week and I
know another lousy week without your
life being changed by the answers you
get in the mail that was fun the mailbag
this week it is it's always good so come
on over to the daily wire com
shell out as lousy 8 bucks and we'll
also send you terrific film the Royal
yeah that's what a deal
you
