that bumbling nincompoop Donald Trump
who's a total rube and doesn't know
anything and only accidentally became
president anyway just gave one of the
top ten speeches in presidential history
at the United Nations we will analyze
the Donald's moral clarity then Brett
Kavanaugh is guilty until proven
innocent
Michael Moore's movie bombs Cruz gets
run out of a restaurant and the GOP is
more popular than it's been in years
I'm Michael Knowles and this is the
Michael Knowles show
oh do we have a lot to get to today
oh is this just superb I was up you know
this speech wasn't that long ago I
watched the whole thing I'm gonna go
through it if you haven't seen it we
will go through it point by point it was
one of the great presidential speeches
which is why the UN audience absolutely
hated it before we get to that we have
to thank our wonderful sponsor and you
know I couldn't watch this speech
without them I couldn't open my eyes in
the morning without them black rifle
coffee National Coffee Day is coming up
September 29th you know what is gonna be
in my morning mug black rifle coffee
mixed in with some nice little helping
of leftist tears some people like cream
some people like 2% milk I put in left
his tears and it's very delicious
sort of in americano black Rifles coffee
club makes things easy you just pick
your blend the amount that you want
black rifle ships your coffee right your
door every month you don't need to worry
about it you don't have to run out of
coffee like I always would do especially
when I was single it is great it's roast
to order Durrington you fresh delicious
coffee with every order I love these
guys the most important thing number one
is that they make excellent coffee
that's actually all I care about with my
coffee and they really really do after
that I love it because they you know
they're tied in with veterans causes
first responder causes it's just great
it's pro America they've got a beautiful
gun right on their on their logo it is
great right now have is a black rifle
coffee calm slash cough FAC of V Fe Fe
get 15% off your order you will not
regret it it will become your favorite
coffee as it has mine black rifle coffee
calm / go FFA Co V Fe Fe don't worry
about you know all of that those other
coffee stores that look like homeless
shelters now good black rifle coffee
calm / coffe FA Co V Fe Fe let's get
right into it we don't have enough time
to dance around it here president Trump
at the United Nations General Assembly I
really I know that people say that he is
stupid even people on the right say this
that he's stupid he's a bumbling idiot
he just gets lucky or whatever maybe
he's stupid but the only argument
against that is that he just keeps
getting every
thing right this speech was flawless and
you know how you know that is they
laughed at him and they mocked him and
they jeered him and he even joked about
it here as president from getting
laughed at at the UN my administration
has accomplished more than almost any
administration in the history of our
country America's so true
didn't expect that reaction but that's
okay
so he says my administration has
accomplished more than almost any other
administration which is true I mean he
had very low expectations to begin with
but everything has gotten better under
his watch and in some cases better at
record highs joblessness the stock
market Foreign Affairs have been handled
very ably protection of rights expansion
of freedom deregulation it's all going
really really well but they laugh at him
now it's very impressed with president
khofifah here because typical president
coffe FA was just like start you just
turn around and moon the entire audience
if they like screw you guys who cares
what you think but he actually handled
it with a little bit of charm he said oh
okay didn't think I get that reaction
here that's okay and then he launches
into this speech I don't know who wrote
this speech I suppose it could have been
Steven Miller apparently he writes a lot
of these great speeches
whoever it was deserves an award it got
everything exactly right the diction was
beautiful the priority of the
prioritization of policy was beautiful
it just struck all the right notes at
all the right time so let's get into it
here is President Trump on global
governance to the UN itself each of us
here today is the emissary of a distinct
culture a rich history and a people
bound together by ties of memory
tradition and the values that make our
homelands like nowhere else on earth
that is why America will always choose
independence and cooperation over global
governance control and domination I
honor the right of every nation in this
room to pursue its own customs beliefs
and traditions the United States will
not tell you how to live for work or
worship we only ask that you honor our
sovereignty in return from Warsaw to
Brussels to Tokyo to Singapore it has
been my highest honor to represent the
United States abroad
you hear that you hear they're not
laughing now they're not they were just
laughing oh ha ha ha Oh Donald ha ha ha
ha ha but they're not laughing now the
first thing I want to point out because
a lot of people on Twitter that all the
headlines all the news headlines are
President Trump gets laughed at at the
United Nations and they say this is so
embarrassing this is consider who's
laughing consider the people who are
laughing first of all some of the most
horrific countries on earth Venezuela
Iran those guys are ok they're laughing
ha ha ha
who else is laughing people in the
European Union people whose defense we
pay for people that we're defending who
else is laughing people that we give
money to in foreign aid
who else is laughing people who would
take away the rights of their citizens
and of citizens around the world to
govern themselves that's who's laughing
great I hope that I hope those guys
would laugh at me
I really hope they'll laugh at me and
they're not laughing now when he gets
into this they're not laughing this
isn't gonna be some fluffy eccentric
speech he is laying this out very
clearly the United States will resist
global governments global governance by
bodies specifically like the United
Nations and the International Criminal
Court and all you know there is a
movement right now around the world
especially in Europe to pull away from
these supranational institutions and
organizations that take away people's
rights to govern themselves Trump isn't
using Trumpy language here he's not
using colorful language he is getting
right to the heart of it and they are
listening so that he talks about the
global governance he stands up and for
all intents and purposes says the UN is
a dystopian fantasy and now that it's a
wonderful great nice dream idea that
it's a it's a bad fantasy because it
takes away the rights of people to
govern themselves and he he has the
courage to go to the UN and say for all
intents and purposes we oppose you and
then he gets into specifics because the
way that this point of view is
caricatured is that oh he's an
isolationist the u.s. is going to
retreat its going to ignore the
international community the rest of the
world is going to go forward we're gonna
say no no no we're going to allow
atrocities to happen but this view the
view of this administration whether it's
Trump's view or not it is now because
he's articulated
is that we is it's much more nuanced
than that here I'll let him explain it
in this vein we urge the United Nations
led peace process be reinvigorated but
rest assured the United States will
respond if chemical weapons are deployed
by the Assad regime you hear that it's
not they can do whatever they want
oh let Russia do whatever they want let
us saw do whatever they want no it isn't
that he's saying the peace process in
the UN wants to keep going on that's
what we won't interfere with that we're
not going to make it our national
priority to rebuild a country in Syria
or to institute regime change or to do
any of these pie-in-the-sky Wilsonian
endeavors in Syria but there is a moral
minimum said look you don't have to
choose between total isolation and
nation-building you can have a moral
minimum here which says we're gonna let
this keep going on we're going to not
impose an entirely impose from right
above Western liberal democracy on Syria
but but if the regime in Syria uses
chemical weapons in violation of
international treaties it like a butcher
in a bloodbath
we will intervene we will interview I
not trying to intervene but if you make
us intervene we will we will insist upon
a moral minimum in the international
order if you don't meet that moral
minimum we will take your country away
it will at least hit you pretty hard if
you do meet that moral minimum you can
govern yourself in peace unmolested by
us this is a nuanced view and it's this
is the steel man this is the serious
view that Trump's critics on the left
and the right the Wilsonian 's and the
isolationists it won't acknowledge which
is that there there is a middle ground
that respects the sovereignty of nations
then he goes on into the refugees and
this is where the this is where
demagogues also on the left in the right
one I hit him and this is where the
nuance of this position is so clear and
the people of Jordan
and other neighboring countries for
hosting refugees from this very brutal
civil war as we see in Jordan the most
compassionate policy is to place
refugees as close to their homes as
possible to ease their eventual return
to be part of the rebuilding process
this approach also stretches finite
resources to help far more people
increasing the impact of every dollar
spent notice the language we appreciate
people who are taking in refugees in
neighboring countries countries like
Jordan or wherever because this issue
gets demagogued they say oh if Europe
will not allow itself to be flooded by
young Muslim men from failed States who
haven't been vetted from Syria from
Afghanistan from wherever then if you
don't allow that then you're not
compassionate then your wicked then your
evil your unchristian your on Western
your unliberated s or that it's same
thing in the United States Barack Obama
wanted to flood the country with
refugees from Syria we said why they
have to come here why on earth would
they go from Syria pass through all the
neighboring countries get into Eastern
Europe Western Europe cross the Atlantic
Ocean go to the United States why is how
is that the solution how are you
unchristian if you think that maybe
that's not the most efficient way to
care for these people why but there are
vested political interests in making
that happen there are vested political
interests by the left by the advocates
of World Federation by the advocates of
global governing bodies like the United
Nations who want that to happen because
they want to erase for all intents and
purposes national boundaries President
Trump is saying no I'm not going to let
you call me anti refugee or anti
compassionate or whatever I think that
these people should be taken care of we
should support efforts to take care of
them but it doesn't mean they have to
flood countries that are thousands and
thousands and thousands of miles away it
doesn't make any sense and he makes a
good point there at the end he said
there's nothing efficient about that if
we
our dollars are charity dollars to go as
far as they can help as many people as
they can
why would we be flying all of these
people over to the United States when
going you know thousands of miles
through Europe when we could help them
in neighboring countries and then he
strikes that point home he says they
need to be in those neighboring
countries so that they can rebuild their
country when the Civil War is over
and he's calling their bluff because all
the the Pro immigration Pro refugee
people say look where else are they
going their countries are under attack
they just need it they're refugees they
just need a temporary place to go well
okay but if they're gonna go to a
temporary place why bring them to
America it's much harder to get back of
course what their real purpose is is to
bring them all to the west bring them
all to the United States have them
become American citizens in large
numbers and disregard the will of the
American people whether or not they want
that many refugees that many unvetted
people that those that culture that
comes from a war-torn area to come to
the United States oh you can't do that
and they demagogue on the issue and they
say if you don't permit that then you're
you you're not living up to your own
values which nobody else lives up to but
also you're you're unchristian those
values that undergird our civilization
you know the Cardinals bishops have said
this you have to welcome all of the
refugees welcome all of the refugees and
President Trump is being very nuanced
here he's saying we would like to help
them we want to help them in the way
that is best suited for their interests
and for their Nations and for their
countries and what does the Left say to
that they have nothing that they can say
to that it totally exposes the lie which
is that it's not about helping refugees
from a particular civil war it's about
transforming the makeup of Western
countries in the United States then he
gets into Iran and now you know Barack
Obama made Iran the pinnacle of his
foreign policy he was willing to give
away everything he had and a lot of
things that he didn't have to secure the
Iran deal which for all intents and
purposes put Iran on the path to get a
nuclear weapon president Trump singles
out Iran but the reason he singles out
Iran is not just because they're bad
guys
they are bad guys it has everything to
do with the nation-state with
nationalism with the international order
here's him calling out Iran every
solution to the humanitarian crisis in
Syria must also include a strategy to
address the brutal regime that is fueled
and financed it the corrupt dictatorship
in Iran Iran's leaders so chaos death
and destruction they do not respect
their neighbors or borders or the
sovereign rights of nations so listen to
that they don't respect borders they
don't respect the sovereign rights of
nations he points out that they're bad
guys and they're brutal and they're all
of this but there are a lot of brutal
regimes around the world there plenty of
brutal regimes and over the course of
history brutal regimes are the norm
they're not the exception so what makes
Iran so awful is that Iran undermines
the international order and the system
of nation-states that we've had for 350
years Iran has always done since the
Iranian Revolution decades ago they try
to keep one foot in the international
order and one foot out so they'll speak
at the United Nations they'll send their
heads of state to speak at Columbia
University they have different
agreements with other countries they'll
sign on to fake treaties with the United
States under Barack Obama they'll demand
money they'll demand to be treated as
though they're serious players in the
international community and then they'll
fund Hezbollah then they'll fund Hamas
and then we'll fund theirs and them up
on this and then we fund that no-fun
terrorists all around the world the
largest state sponsor of terror around
the world and undermining the the
boundaries of other countries really
fighting with us during the Iraq war
oh why would we tolerate this why could
we tolerate this country having one foot
in one foot out either you're in to the
system of nations or you're out of it
we've had the system of nations now for
350 years we'll explain that and explain
why it's so important in a second
because President Trump concludes his
speech with a rousing call to defend it
but even institutions like the United
Nations in many ways undermine this by
tolerating countries like Iran by
tolerating super national instead
toons that remove the sovereignty of
independent nations so he's calling them
out for that people shouldn't get
confused he's talking about Syria and he
says you know you better watch out Assad
because we'll get you if you'd cross a
line but he really singles out Iran as
being wrong per se as being unfit for
the world order per se and it's because
of how they behave with regard to
nationalism then lest you think that
he's only beating up on Foreign Affairs
in the Middle East only tackling the
most complex issues look they'll has
decades then he defends his stance on
trade and I hope the Conservatives
listen to this for decades the United
States opened its economy the largest by
far on earth with few conditions we
allowed foreign goods from all over the
world to flow freely across our borders
yet other countries did not grant us
fair and reciprocal access to their
markets in return even worse some
countries abused their openness to dump
their products subsidize their goods
target our industries and manipulate
their currencies to gain unfair
advantage over our country beautiful
because a lot of conservatives now are
saying Donald Trump is anti free trade
there's nothing in that statement that
makes its him sound anti-free trade he's
not saying that the problem was that we
opened up our markets to foreign goods
he's saying the problem is we didn't get
their markets in return which is what
people who have been defending this
policy of threatening tariffs have been
saying for a while which is that this is
we never had free trade we never had
really free trade before free trade is a
wonderful thing but people are not
playing by the rules just to take China
alone they steal our intellectual
property they are manipulate their
currency and this is not something that
Donald Trump just started talking about
I was on Jon Huntsman's campaign in the
early days of that campaign in 2012 and
he was a hardliner he was running in
many ways like a tea party candidate and
he was saying we need to force China
about which he knew a lot because he was
the
ambassador to China he said we need to
force them to stop manipulating our
currency and stealing our IP now
president Trump is actually following
through on this putting a lot of
pressure on China and conservatives are
attacking him but previously before the
Trump era there was widespread agreement
on this from virtually all flanks of the
Republican Party from the conciliatory
nice tone you know more elite end of the
party all the way to the populist and
there was a consensus that you need to
force people to play fairly on trade now
they're attacking him as though he
doesn't know anything about economics
though the strength of our economy right
now would seem to suggest maybe those
experts are the ones who are mistaken
this is such an important point and it
also points out that first the logic of
the the trade war and the the trade
threats it should be simple to everyone
but I will spell it out we say tariffs
are always wrong don't ever institute
any tariffs don't ever retaliate against
tariffs one of the main arguments
against tariffs is that they will start
a trade war but why will they start a
trade war because it is expected that
rational nations when they have tariffs
imposed on them when they have unfair
trade conditions imposed on them will
respond in kind
but if tariffs are always in every case
there's no use for even threatening
tariffs then why would that be the case
the argument for tariffs or the argument
rather against tariffs undermines the
argument against threatening tariffs
arrogance trying to play fairly and the
way he articulated that is beautiful he
didn't get up and say we're never doing
trade with any other countries we're
making everything here screw you rest of
the world he's didn't say that at all he
said you've got to play fair and he said
it right to their face right in the
General Assembly then we move on to the
John Bolton of it all I was waiting for
President Trump to rip his mask off to
show that giant walrus mustache and you
know have put the glasses on in the big
glass ring and just have John Bolton
screaming at them did you miss me boys
did you miss me it's been a while huh he
takes on the International Criminal
Court here it is for similar reasons the
United States will provide no support
and recognition to the International
Criminal Court as far as America is
concerned the ICC has
jurisdiction no legitimacy and no
authority the icc claims near universal
jurisdiction over the citizens of every
country violating all principles of
justice fairness and due process we will
never surrender America sovereignty to
an unelected unaccountable global
bureaucracy America is governed by
Americans we reject the ideology of
globalism and we embrace the doctrine of
patriotism around the world responsible
nations must defend against threats to
sovereignty not just from global
governments but also from other new
forms of coercion and domination
beautiful what this does the United
States didn't have to articulate this
policy John Bolton articulated it and
spelled out what the State Department
was going to do about it
a few weeks ago at the Federalist
Society he said the ICC is dead the
International Criminal Court which is
gonna go in and try to prosecute
American soldiers they're dead to us we
will take every action against them that
we have to take but President Trump
chose to under underline this today at
the UN that's beautiful because it means
that it has the support not just of the
wonks and the State Department whatever
it has the full support of the President
of the United States it's the official
policy of the President George Bush when
he was president talked about this as
well pulled us out of talks for the ICC
and Donald Trump is underlying a
beautiful thing and he says we will
pursue a policy of patriotism we will
not submit to this submit is the key
word because I think a lot of people on
the Left they think oh the ICC sounds
great oh there's a there's an
international super national body
hovering above us all and they're gonna
hold everyone to justice all the bad
guys around the world
why wouldn't we support that the United
Nations it's it's United it's United why
would you want you don't want to be one
to be divisive you want to be the
divisive nations oh it's so nice Oh
a union there you know yeah to whom are
these international organizations
accountable to whom to you the voters to
you Americans to you the people who hold
our values and have our culture and
believe what we believe were they're
responsible to Venezuela or they're
responsible to North Korea or they're
responsible to Iran or they're
responsible to whom are they responsible
to what ideas you know different
countries have different ideas different
cultures have different ideas which
ideas are going to govern them and what
recourse will you have against them if
they start treating you unfairly if they
start targeting you if they started
pressing you no recourse whatsoever who
votes for the United Nations do you get
to vote you don't get to vote no
absolutely not but we demand as citizens
of this country that we have the right
to govern ourselves that's how we run
our country that's the way it is Donald
Trump is underlining that and he's
exposing the shallow saccharine
sentimentality of these international
bodies for what it is then he gets to
the heart of it one of the main central
issues of his campaign and one of the
central issues pushed by the Pro
international Pro Imperial bodies like
the United Nations immigration
recognized the right of every nation in
this room to set its own immigration
policy in accordance with its national
interests just as we ask other countries
to respect our own right to do the same
which we are doing that is one reason
the United States will not participate
in the new global compact on migration
migration should not be governed by an
international body unaccountable to our
own citizens absolutely right because if
immigration is governed by that then you
don't have a country
because when because the point of
immigration in self-governing countries
and democratic republics such as we have
is that they make the laws so the
country who controls immigration for a
Democratic Republic controls the country
that's how it works
you flood it with enough people who
think a certain way they're going to
elect a government and you don't
have any power that's the way it is
maybe you'll get lucky maybe the end of
the hall start voting for Republicans
but maybe they won't and very likely the
any immigration policy that would affect
that probably won't happen
as a Catholic this does present an
interesting point which is that the
system of Nations the Westphalian system
is largely a product of Protestants it
happened at the Treaty of Westphalia in
1648 because the Catholics could not
reclaim Empire the Spanish Empire or the
Holy Roman Empire that couldn't reclaim
it ironically it was affected by
Catholic Cardinal Richelieu
of France in many ways he was he was the
guy who ensured that 6 or 7 years after
his death
the Westphalian system would go into
place but now we find ourselves
defending that system why is that
because who are these empires
accountable to if they were accountable
to God if they were Catholic empires
they were accountable to God himself
maybe I could get behind it but to whom
is the UN looking for spiritual and
political and moral guidance god only
knows god help us if we get that answer
or the International Criminal Court
wherever you can't trust any of these
international bodies Trump says that
exactly right and if you control
immigration if an if and outside force
controls immigration into a country it
controls the country as long as that
country holds Western values which
coincidentally all of our countries do
then he hits Venezuela specifically just
to remind you that a lot of people in
this room are dirty rotten scoundrels
currently we are witnessing a human
tragedy as an example in Venezuela more
than 2 million people have fled the
anguish inflicted by the socialist
Maduro regime and its Cuban sponsors not
long ago Venezuela was one of the
richest countries on earth today
socialism has bankrupted the oil-rich
nation and driven its people into abject
poverty
virtually everywhere socialism or
communism has been tried it has produced
suffering corruption and decay
socialism's thirst for power leads to
expansion incursion and oppression all
nations of the world should resist
socialism and the misery that it brings
to everyone
I don't think trumps are real
conservative to you I don't think he's
not a real conservative he's like a big
lefty he's not a real conservative I
mean he just gave a speech that would
make Ronald Reagan blush but he's not
prettier oh you're not a real
conservative I wish that they could cut
for reaction to Alexandria Ocasio Cortes
when he just goes after socialism and
make no mistake
he's hitting socialism abroad he's
hitting Venezuela is hitting these awful
socialist countries but he is hitting
the Democrats who have embraced
socialism who are running over 40
candidates formally identified with the
Democratic socialists of America this
year and he's saying socialism is misery
it's awful cut to ocasion Cortez Lee I'm
not the expert I'm not really the expert
on any I know you're not the expert so
he hits socialism really hard because
it's awful it's terrible national
socialism is awful you know the Nazis
international socialism is awful the you
know USSR and democratic socialism is
awful it's insidious it's evil
there's no argument for it it's very bad
it's a little slower it's more gradual
it's more pernicious it doesn't seem as
awful up front but it is the exact same
poison the gospel of envy the philosophy
of failure as Winston Churchill said
just terrible why is that because
eventually it's a contradiction in terms
the reason that it's a con it's not it's
certainly the case that you can elect
socialists you can elect as a free
people to have socialist programs to
have an ever increasing government
controlling more and more of your lives
but you can't remain democratic for very
long because of a problem of human
nature which is the more power you give
to these corrupt institutions that the
less recourse you're going to have a
government that's big enough to give you
everything you want is big enough to
take away everything
you have this has always been the case
socialism has failed inbred misery and
slavery everywhere that it's been tried
in some cases that has progressed more
slowly in some cases has been very very
fast but we've seen it everywhere
the American left is never apologized
for it they continue to embrace it and
Trump is smacking it down it's beautiful
and delightful finally he brings it home
on with a note on patriotism that is
very beautiful Donald take us home we
must defend the foundations that make it
all possible
sovereign and independent nations are
the only vehicle where freedom has ever
survived democracy has ever endured
where peace has ever prospered and so we
must protect our sovereignty and our
cherished independence above all
absolutely beautiful I have one little
criticism of that bit which is he talks
about peace prospering only in the
nation-states he's half right but he's
half long because there has been peace
before you can add as Ronald Reagan said
you can have peace in two seconds which
is to say the word I surrender if you
say I surrender you'll get peace in two
seconds
slavery is peace it's peaceful for a
little bit there was peace in the Roman
Empire there have been peace and other
empires peace and parts of the British
Empire there have been a lot of empires
in the world a lot of it since antiquity
Empire the natural inclination of man is
Empire as your Amazon II who we had on
the show a couple weeks ago talks about
the Bible calls out the nation of Israel
to be a nation and to be a light of to
other nations God speaks to Israel says
be a nation don't be an empire be a
nation we are a nation the modern system
of the world is represents nation states
and nations might not always be totally
peaceful but they will be free now
President Trump look it sounds nice to
say peace prospers and it is true by the
way if your government is oppressing you
there is a certain peace to that but
there's a certain violence to that too
there's actually a certain constant
violence to that too but the speech was
superb the nation-state is the only
vessel
for freedom and prosperity he's
absolutely right it's true materially
it's true spiritually it's true
politically in this day and age perhaps
at some other time the world wasn't in
that position but right now that is the
case there is no good empire to which I
would give my sovereignty a wonderful
speech it's his best speech since Warsaw
that was another wonderful speech of his
and probably written by the same guy
touched on a lot of the same themes
really really good he should give more
of these just excellent they say that
he's a nincompoop he doesn't read he
doesn't know anything he talks about
stormy Daniels he goes and sees porn
stars
I don't care Donald take all the porn
stories you want if you give speeches
like that and you give it to the rest of
the world like that
and you defend American freedom like
that have them all tell you that every
every penthouse pet every Playboy of the
month I don't care wonderful and the
media are gonna report this like a bunch
of fools which is what they are they're
gonna say he got laughed at that's gonna
be the headline that you see but you saw
that speech you heard those statements
that's a beautiful thing it's what we
stand for as Americans and we should
defend it tooth and nail by the way at
the end of that speech at the end of
that speech I wish I had the clip he
ends it by saying by thanking the glory
and goodness of God and says to all in
those words and then says to them god
bless you all
because what he is saying is that our
system of nations our respect and desire
for human freedom is based on the God
that created us and not just any vision
of God not some little devil God that
some guy out there believes in but the
true the one and true God on which this
international order is based beautiful
wonderful statement they say he's a
lapsed Presbyterian who doesn't go to
church doesn't really bother me doesn't
bother maybe it bothers him maybe he
should talk to his God about that but if
he is speaking so bluntly so clearly and
so precisely about our nation states
about our country about the values that
our country is based on and the God who
gives us those values one more power - a
wonderful speech we have a lot more to
get to unfortunate I gotta say goodbye
to Facebook and YouTube ironically it's
national voter registration day give you
some thoughts on that and I don't think
it's ironic I guess it's coincidental
the president Trump is defending
right of Nations to govern themselves
then we've got to talk about Brett
Kavanaugh who's guilty until proven
innocent we've got that wacko from
Hawaii mazie Hirono Cruz gets run out of
a restaurant and some good news I'll
leave you on some good news by the way
I'm not gonna be here tomorrow folks I'm
flying over to Ohio to talk to all of
the brilliant students at Franciscan
about the simple joys of being right if
you're in the area maybe I'll see you
there if not hopefully we'll be able to
get it online or something like that
that's going to be the first speech in
my young America's Foundation tour cough
FA on campus which is coming to a school
near you hopefully if you'd like if
you'd like to bring a little co FFA to
your campus go to ya dot org and you can
request that I come give a speech there
if you're not on Daley wire.com
go do it freedom isn't free folks and
neither is Telecom so spend ten bucks a
month $100 for an annual membership you
get me you get the under claims you get
the Ben Shapiro show you guys questions
in the mail bag which I will be
answering coming up this week get your
questions in that doesn't matter because
you get the UN vintage baby leftist
tears and you better get it now soon
because there I think there are already
plans in place to build the Donald Trump
Presidential Library on the bulldozed
ruins of the UN building on the east
side of Manhattan so make sure you get
your leftist here's you and vintage
tumblr soon because well you know that
pretty soon they're gonna be gone and
you're not gonna get any of that salty
deliciousness go to daily wire.com be
right back
it's national voter registration day
this is a fake holiday that was invented
in 2012 but it's a wonderful coincidence
because Trump just gave an entire speech
about how you vote you get to determine
the course of your country and some
Joker's at The Hague or in Brussels or
at the United Nations don't get to do
that for us I would like a little public
service announcement for national voter
registration day please and listen
closely yeah well if you're listening to
this show this won't be a problem but
tell your friends if you do not know
anything about or have any stake in
history or the government or the public
debates of this country don't vote don't
vote don't vote don't there's nothing
good about voting if you don't know
anything it's actually bad to vote if
you don't know anything do not do it if
you have no stake in the country if you
don't like the country if you don't like
your countrymen don't vote don't vote
that's a bad idea to vote then why
wouldn't you remember a few years ago
when Puff Daddy did that campaign of
like voter died cuz I'm gonna kill you
if you don't vote don't worry he's old
now he's not gonna he's not gonna hurt
you anymore
don't vote if you do know something go
vote and don't forget guys don't forget
Election Day is coming up Election Day
is coming up this November if you if
you're a Republican election day is this
November if you're a Democrat Election
Day is in December so mark that on your
calendar Circle December is I gotta go
vote in December I don't want to miss it
and if you're and then closures were
saying if you're a Republican it's in
November it's I don't listen to what I
just it's November just a little PSA for
a national voter registration day okay
Brett Kavanaugh that dirty rotten
murderous genocide alrea stome niak NBC
told me is guilty until proven innocent
so this is what they've all been saying
they've been saying a bunch of and not a
bunch really just a few of these
democratic activists who say that a guy
who looked like brick Kavanagh walked by
them in 1942 and they're saying that
he's unfit for the court because of that
the ones who are making these absurd
sexual allegations that have no
corroboration whatsoever that people who
are called witnesses in them have done
and said they don't exist the stories
have been changing year-over-year women
have been changing their stories coming
out of the woodwork Brett Kavanaugh has
solid defenses for all of these things
the left is saying he's guilty until
proven innocent here is a mess LSD I
believe isn't isn't that what rush calls
no he calls that P MSNBC that's even in
any case MSNBC speaking to the senator
from Hawaii
mazie Hirono you're there do you believe
that Brett Kavanaugh should deserve or
does deserve the same presumption of
innocence in your response was that you
put his denial in the context of
everything you know about him in terms
of how he approaches his cases I'm sure
you're aware that in conservative
circles there is some outrage some anger
at your comment listen to that do you
hear that is she said she said yeah you
know so you said that he's guilty until
proven innocent and accumulate we have
to talk about this but in certain
conservative circles they think it's bad
to be guilty until proven innocent
dummies
now our country is founded on the basis
our country depends upon the basis that
you are innocent until proven guilty not
the other way around and Elizabeth
MSNBC's lady I don't know her name is
talking to senator Hirono as though this
were weird she's actually admitting that
only conservatives have standards of
justice and then the loud like we would
do we bulldoze all of them if we got
into power and then listen to Maisy's
response
do you believe judge Kavanaugh does
deserve a presumption of innocence or
not
look we're not in a court of law we're
actually in a court of credibility at
this point and without having the the
FBI report or some semblance of trying
to get cooperation we are left with the
credibility of the two witnesses
corroboration of what did you just hear
what you said you said we so she made
this fake dichotomy we're not in a court
of law we're in a court of credibility
which is a core which a court of law is
a court of credibility right so it's
just one of those things that
politicians of both sides do this where
they say like country over party you're
like right I'm in the party to help my
country dump down it's the same thing
they're not dichotomies but but so she
says that whatever fine she's a
politician but then she says you know
look
without any corroboration of these bogus
ridiculous claims that are being refuted
left and right by everybody named in
them
we've just got to believe the accusers
know so the way it works
nazy is if you don't have corroboration
then you don't believe the acute
accusations then you don't believe the
accusers because there's no
corroboration for them does she know
what corroboration means does she know
what credibility means does she uses
these words and she has no idea what
they mean by the way is it not a miracle
it's probably cuz he's at the UN and
he's distracted but that the president
has not started calling her crazy
amazing her name was built for a trump
nickname and she's like the only person
that doesn't have one yet I am sure by
the time this show airs today he'll
already be calling her that really
outrageous but they're being honest good
on them for being honest which is saying
we want to bulldoze standards of justice
we don't support the rights of the
accused especially if there were old
white guys or middle-aged white guys in
the case of brick Avenue we don't want
any of that good that's okay that's what
they're offering up in in November and
this isn't going to play very well for
them did you see what happened to take
Bruce at that restaurant last night here
it just very quickly Ted Cruz and his
wife were sitting at a restaurant they
were having you know a nice dinner and
then a bunch of mainstream Democrats
came in and behaved as mainstream
Democrats are behaving in 2018
we believe survivors except for Karen
Monahan and Juanita Broderick and all
the others if they were abused by
Democrats but we believe random people
who come out of the woodwork when Brett
Kavanaugh a virgin until after high
school is up for the Supreme Court that
was that that was too long so they had
to change it too we believe survivors
but they don't believe oh my gosh I wish
I could say that these were wacko lefty
lunatics is not they're not they're not
all of these this was the top trend on
Twitter yesterday we believe survivors
none of these women by the way have have
a accused and you want a rape nothing
you're not even like the wackiest
explanations have involved rape but
that's what they said we believe sir we
believes okay so they chase him out of
this restaurant and and there's this guy
on Twitter
he's a transgender activist named
Charlotte climber who said he tweeted
out he said well you know bado O'Rourke
has never gotten chased out of a
restaurant yeah because his opponents
aren't hysterical children like the
Democrats are right that yeah we don't
do that I'm very proud to say we don't
do that but this is so they scream at
Ted Cruz and all this is not gonna play
well we have so much more to get to but
unfortunately we're running late so I
will skip to this point because you know
a lot of us are wondering how all of
this is going to affect the midterm
elections which are coming up again
Democrat they're coming up in December
and closure is for a second and
Republicans they're coming up in
November's so how is this going to
affect the election according to Gallup
polling which leans left it's not a
right-wing polling firm the GOP is more
popular than it's been in seven years
you wouldn't know that if you just
listen to those shrieking little
children at the restaurant you wouldn't
know that if you were listening to MSNBC
you're reading the New York Times in the
Washington Post or blablablablabla but
they the GOP the Republican Party not
even just Trump who's also doing well
but the GOP is the most popular it's
been in seven years they've made those
are the
ability is 45% Democrat favorability
according to Gallup is 44% the
Republicans are more favorable more
favor will be viewed right now than
Democrats this this is up for
Republicans from 36% last year this is a
major gain by the way since 2008 since
since the election of Barack Obama
Democrats have almost always rated
higher and often significantly higher in
favorability than Republicans now you
would say now a lot of people watching
the news would say now Republicans have
they've never been less popular oh it's
all awful it's going to hell in a
handbasket no way Republicans are
historically popular you won't read
about it in the New York Times you want
to see it on NBC but it's true there
have been major gains in the last few
months oh but what about stormy Kavanagh
whatever Muller or whatever oh it really
should have declined right no it hasn't
the part of the reason for that jump is
that the GOP right now is more likely to
view their own party favorably but the
Democrats view of the GOP has not
declined it hasn't diminished a lot of
people say yeah well okay the GOP
Republicans might be viewing their own
party more favorably but they're totally
losing Democrats and people on the fence
not true that's not reflected in Gallup
polling Democrats view the GOP and the
Democrat then their own party the
Democrats in exactly the same way as
they did GOP has seen a jump among
people of all economic groups and
especially middle class income earners
why is that because they've managed the
economy very very well this is very good
news it tells me not to believe the
polls very much because the the generic
election polls of for instance one
because there's no such thing as a
generic candidate people are voting for
their own candidates and because a lot
is not reflected when when you inject
Trump into questions a lot of numbers
get skewed and also you know when you
call different when you call up
different people polling has had a
number of crises in the last year's
because of methods of collecting
information but these numbers in so much
as we can look at the polls these
numbers are really pretty good and if
President Trump keeps going up there and
offering a choice not an echo not being
Democrat light not being UN light not
but going out there and go
after them in defending American
interests which are in the interests of
the world for America to follow American
interests
I could see great popularity I could see
being surprised in November because it's
true historically we should lose the
house maybe we will lose the house but I
I could see a real surprise now if they
back down if the Democrats go squishy if
Chuck Grassley doesn't hold this damn
vote if if Republicans cave I can see a
blue tidal wave coming and taking us all
the choice is up to our elected
officials but at least one of our
elected officials today handled himself
very very well okay that's our show I
got to get out of here I won't see you
tomorrow unless you're in Ohio then I
will see you I look forward to going out
there in the meantime I am Michael
Knowles this is the Michael Nolt show I
will see you again on Thursday
the Michael Nolt show is produced by
seniya Villarreal executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer
Mathis Glover and our technical producer
is Austin Stevens edited by Jim nickel
audio is mixed by Mike Gore Amina hair
and makeup is by Jeshua alvera the
Michael Noel's show is a daily wire for
word publishing production copyright for
word publishing 2018
