so what is the formal education
background so I was at UCLA and
political science and then Harvard Law
School so you have I I mean I don't
consider sociology a particularly expert
field but God I think I'm able to read a
sociological study I know less about
welding than I do about sociology has a
not he's an expert in sociology
psychology Gender Studies lesbian dance
Theory many of the things that you've
brought up tonight I know a lot more
about all those others than lesbian a
theory as far as if you want to take
issue with the argument I would urge you
not to use the argument from Authority
which is somebody has a PhD by the name
they know what they're talking about
that's a dumb I don't need I don't need
a seven year degree in sociology no
bullet when I hear it
right because I'm here yeah giving it
see again you're just making a argument
from Authority
I don't think slapping a PhD from Ferris
State next to your name makes you an
expert in all things in the field in
which you propose to speak okay the fact
is that either my arguments go to my
arguments bad citing to my credentials
is a really bad way of making an
argument it's like it's actually the
equivalent of it it's so funny people
when people do this it's the equivalent
it's actually a religious person saying
citing to the Bible for an argument I'm
a very religious person right I mean see
this this yarmulke I'm a religious
person okay I'd never cite to the Bible
the reason I don't cite to the Bible is
because that's an argument from
Authority okay you may not believe the
authority to which I'm citing I don't
believe the authority to which you're
citing so you're going to have to make
me an argument as to what I'm saying
that's wrong instead of just saying I
don't have the properly enumerated
degree from the institution of your
choice you know establish yourself as a
PhD or a doctor in any of these programs
so how do you make a qualified opinion
on any of these topics is my question
because I have read the studies and I
can have an opinion on them and that's
your in mine was just saying
yes that was my
