basically what this is it's like having
a restaurant in your home not the kind
of restaurants my listeners go to you
know with you know food is inedible but
the waitresses aren't wearing any
clothes look these are places like nice
people go to where the food is really
good what they do is they send you like
it's about 10 bucks a meal and they send
you all the ingredients you need in
exactly the right proportions and it's
easy after that you just sit back and
watch your wife making you ill but every
every now and again you have to get up
and chase her around the room maybe
that's just a miles I'm not sure you
just go on blue apron dot-com / Andrew
and they will give you the first meals
for free no delivery charge nothing so
you can taste it yourself really was
terrific I mean I'm not not choking up
is great great fruit blue apron calm /
Andrew it's a better way to cook
