so many political observers are now
predicting a catastrophe that I'm
predicting I'm predicting a catastrophe
will be caused by people predicting a
catastrophe catastrophe predicting from
both the left and the right are stiring
people up to so much hysteria that the
catastrophe predicting is going to cause
a catastrophe or so I'm predicting in
real life a new president has been
elected by the usual lawful means and is
set to work changing the course of the
country along the lines he promised
during his campaign Donald Trump is so
far appointed a team of accomplished
individuals to staff his cabinet and
agencies move to repeal a health care
law that isn't working
chosen a talented and intelligent judge
for the Supreme Court and attempted to
temporarily stop the influx of refugees
until security procedures can be
tightened but that's only in real life
in the imagination of political
observers it is the onset of a
catastrophe so catastrophic that only
predicting catastrophe can cause enough
panic to caused the catastrophe that
those predicting a catastrophe are
predicting on the Left activists are
predicting catastrophe so often that
leftists have taken to the streets in
acts of such violence that many are
predicting a catastrophe as one
left-wing activist explained quote I
predict we are heading into a
catastrophe of widespread rioting and
political assassinations unless we have
widespread rioting and political
assassinations to head off the
catastrophe I'm predicting unquote on
the right radio talk-show hosts who
predicted the Obama presidency would be
a catastrophe are now predicting the end
of the Obama presidency will be a
catastrophe
as radio host Ned bombastic said on his
show quote I'm sick and tired of being
sick and tired of getting sick and tired
of being sick and tired
unquote mr. bombastic went on to remark
quote for years I have been screaming
into this microphone in a loud annoying
voice that we were being flushed down
the toilet of tyranny into the sewer of
socialism now it turns out some of these
right-wing idiots got all hysterical and
went out an elected Donald Trump because
they thought we were being flushed down
the toilet of tyranny into the sewer of
socialism what the hell does that even
mean
I have no idea and I'm the one who said
it in a loud annoying voice in the first
place
unquote at a recent meeting at the Oval
Office President Donald Trump addressed
his inner circle of store mannequins
wearing Magga hats saying quote for
years I heard everyone predicting a
catastrophe and so I ran for office
predicting there would be a catastrophe
unless I was elected to prevent the
catastrophe everyone was predicting if I
had known my election was the
catastrophe
everyone was predicting I would have
tried to stop it by not running for
president which would have led to the
catastrophe everyone was predicting
unquote the president then issued an
executive order directing his agencies
to prevent a catastrophe observers say
the order will be a catastrophe
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin this
is the
all right it's the full catastrophe the
end relationship and it's mailbag day
hey Lyndsey is coming home to visit us I
think tomorrow so she's not here to give
us our woohoo we'll have to use a
recorded lines' when we get to the
mailbag that's later on the show so if
you're on Facebook and YouTube you will
not be able to watch that you have to
come over to the Daily wire calm and you
can listen or if you subscribe then you
can watch it and be part of the mailbag
so that's just a lousy eight bucks a
month well I think we are we giving away
Jeremy's film the arroyo bucks a month
you get the Arroyo this is great all
right we got to start with blue apron
how much do I love blue apron I mean
this is this thing where they deliver
restaurant level quality food to your
door and you make it you make the food
so it's home cooking but it tastes like
you're going to a really nice restaurant
and it's very easy it's like 10 bucks so
I like it so much when I talk about it I
get very animated
so Austin decided he would animate me
being animated and we've actually got an
animated commercial for blue apron here
it is basically what this is it's like
having a restaurant in your home not
that kind of restaurants my listeners go
to you know with you know food is
inedible but the waitresses aren't
wearing any clothes these are places
like nice people go to if where the food
is really good what they do is they send
you like it's about 10 bucks a meal and
they send you all the ingredients you
need in exactly the right proportions
and it's easy after that you just sit
back and watch your wife make every now
and again you have to get up and chase
her around the room maybe that's just in
my house I'm not sure you just go on
blue apron dot-com slash Andrew and they
will give you the first meals for free
no delivery charge nothing so you can
taste him yourself really was terrific I
mean I'm not not choking up is great
great food blue apron calm slash Andrew
it's a better way to cook sure my wife's
gonna love that picture of her knocking
me out as I chase it we should actually
happen there's a real life thing that
excellent job Austin I think that was a
great commercial I think that's good we
should put that out there all right blue
apron calm slash Andrew you get the
first three for free at which I read
another still I have to do these
commercials it's free food I mean
all right so here's the here's the state
of play all right Elizabeth Warren got
bitch-slapped and to shut up
the media is wine is now has now been
reduced to whining on air Betsy DeVos is
the new education sort secretary I sorry
but I think it's time for the Trump
Happiness montage it is let's do it
we're gonna win so much we're gonna win
at every level we're gonna win
economically we're gonna win with the
economy we're gonna win with military
we're gonna win with healthcare and for
our veterans we're gonna win with every
single facet we're gonna win so much you
may even get tired of winning you'll say
please please it's too much winning we
can't take it anymore
I feel pretty oh so pretty I feel pretty
and witty and get we have to keep
winning we have to
I love it I love it
you know I went out to dinner with a
friend I won't mention because I didn't
ask him if I could but this is a guy
from New York in a position where he is
in position to really observe politics
in a deep way you know and I always like
to see guys from New York because they
they're they've no Trump better he's
always this guy has always been in a
position to observe Trump and all this
stuff and I needed a reality check
because they the left is so hysterical
and the right is hysterical too and
everybody is talking about all the
effect and what's going to happen not
about what's happening now but what's
going I mean these are all the people
who were wrong about Trump getting
elected or now sitting around talking
about what's gonna happen next and was
and I said you know is it me or are
these the best two and a half weeks that
conservatives have ever had in my
lifetime I live through Reagan I mean
this these have been two of the most
incredible weeks and and I know we can't
compare Trump to what would have
happened with Hillary forever but we
have to say as my friends said if
Hillary had getint gotten elected it
could well have been the end of the
American experiment and what Trump is
doing is shaking things up so much and
this is look I've been really honest
about Trump and some of you yell at me
because you want me to only say the good
things and all the stuff but I can't do
that however however when you just look
at the results this team that he is
assembled i I think Rex Tillerson is
going to be a very very pleasant
surprise to people who doubted him Betsy
DeVos you know that that was an amazing
thing I mean that the the vice president
Mike Pence had to go in and break the
tie to get Betsy DeVos and in this
little it's a tiny department the
education department because most money
for schools is comes from local property
taxes and other local taxes but there so
the Democrats are so in bed with the
teachers unions they had to show that
they would not let this proponent of
school choice get through and she did
get through Mike Pence another example
what did I mean come on what a great pic
and you know another thing that my
friend friend pointed out and of course
Gorsuch we can't go out without that I
mean look I mean that was the court if
we had lost the court under Hillary your
gun rights probably would have been gone
free speech rights I wasn't so secure
about and we can see now his Trump goes
forward arguing about his refugee pause
that went before the ninth circuit that
most let they call it the ninth circus
because it's the left left deist
left-wing court in the country it's the
most overturned court in the country but
right now there are only eight people on
the Supreme Court four and four so we
can see how important this ninth guy is
to just let the president do what is
obviously legal for him to do that's a
great pick the this attack this assault
on the bureaucratic State the
regulations I mean we do not be as much
my friend said yesterday because I was
pointing out an idea i catched from
Brett Stevens that because we're
protected by the First Amendment they
can't regulate us the way they regulate
everybody else but if we were like
regular small businesses I would write a
sentence and three lawyers from the
government would show up and say oh you
know that sentence hasn't been checked
for environmental damage that it's done
and you have to pay health care to one
of the words in that sentence and you
have to you know all this stuff that the
government does that makes everyone's
life a misery and this Trump is make you
know this is one of the reasons why
there's so many leaks coming out of the
White House is because this is the
entire administrative state is going to
mobilize to try and stop him and of
course the press has gone insane and if
there is one thing you know I I gave it
to trump pretty hard about this Russia
comment that he made because I just
thought he was utterly utterly wrong and
was wrong to make the comment however
however the Trump is getting picked on
all the time for for his overblown
statements and Trump himself says that
he makes overblown statements because
that's the way to make a deal you start
out with this extreme point of view and
then you can dial it back a little bit
it's kind of a strategy however that he
has challenged the press the the press
is an empire of lies our media is if 7%
of them are Republicans it's like most
of them are Democrats they're almost all
Democrats it would be against human
nature for them not to become more and
more radicalized more and more by it
confirmed in their bias and more and
more bias but you don't even have to you
just have to look at it
so I mean listen to Trump as he was
talking in that Bill O'Reilly interview
listen to him talking about the press I
mean it's about time a president said
this stuff you read the papers I see
what's going on in television I take a
look I see the lies that you know the
lies of that's one other things I always
got sort of good press you know as a
business guy I got good press I didn't
know I have never I called you know fake
news some of the networks and some of
the papers it's so just at the level of
dishonesty where they'll take a story
that I know good from bad sure they'll
take something that should be a good
story in fact sometimes I say oh this is
going to be nice to read or say whoa and
they will purposely totally change
anyway it's fake good news this is
absolutely true it is absolutely true
and you know on Trump himself because I
keep hearing people say Trump is stupid
or all this stuff there's a lot of stuff
I wish that I'm worried about where
Trump gets his information from you know
I think he he doesn't necessarily parse
which are real news sites in which are
fake news sites which is getting harder
to do by the way I myself from having
about I would say about a 30% harder
time making sure that I don't come on
the air and say something that's
entirely untrue because I got it from
some source like the New York Times
which is now a fake news site but but
you know another thing my friend was
pointing out as he said and and here's a
guy who just like me had doubts about
Trump and ended up voting for him and he
said you know this is a guy he succeeded
in real estate he six which is in New
York real estate very tough business he
succeeded in show business he had a big
show and he won the president the United
States after a while it's not an
accident you know it's not you don't
just stumble into that stuff so look I
don't think the guy is playing 16
dimensional chess I don't think
everything he does is a strategy but I
think that he has found a successful way
to relate to the world and it he does
not he wants to win he does not want to
be a failed president and he's not going
to be you can just see by how hard they
are working so here he now he goes after
the press on terrorism and he says he's
talking I guess to military people in
Florida and all across Europe you've
seen what happened in Paris and nice
all over Europe it's happening it's
gotten to a point where it's not even
being reported and in many cases the
very very dishonest press doesn't want
to report it they have their reasons and
you understand that so today we deliver
a message in one very unified voice to
these forces of death and destruction
America and its allies will defeat you
we will defeat them so this made Jake
Tapper sad and Jake Tapper brought
Kellyanne Conway and basically just and
Kelly encounter was trying to be nice to
him Toshi was trying to hold out an
olive branch
he basically berated her for 25 minutes
about Trump attacking them and this is
this is what he said he said she was
accusing them of not covering the right
stories and listen to tapper what what
we're talking about is the fact that the
White House is waging war on people who
are providing information sometimes
risking their lives to do so saying that
nothing we say is true all of it is fake
I would much rather be talking to you
about veterans issues in fact I when it
comes to the Trump administration I
would be much rather covering
immigration I would much rather be
covering trade and I would much rather
be covering draining the swamp and
counterterrorism but instead every day
there are these sprains of attack and
sprays of falsehoods coming from the
White House it would be better if they
were not covering from the White House
for me and for you this has moved me to
give Jake Tapper the first Andrew Clavin
award here it is a sad song for you and
the words smallest violin the world's
smallest violin
Jake Tapper hey before I go before I say
goodbye to folks on Facebook and YouTube
I want to give myself a plug because
speaking of awards my memoir the great
good thing has been is now a finalist in
the audio ward which is the big awards
for audible books and in the category of
inspirational faith-based nonfiction the
great good thing thank you very much
thank you very much as a finalist in the
audio ward it very nice very it's a real
honor got to say goodbye to Facebook and
YouTube but we're going into the mailbag
so you got to come over to the Daily
wire calm and we will change your life
possibly for the better
