here's what was actually in the
executive order we'll start with what's
in it then we'll talk about whether it's
useful in legal and then we'll get to
the left in the same response because it
is totally over the top it is totally
crazy and that's only the beginning of
the stuff that was happening over the
way it's pretty Wow
it's gonna be a busy four years ago okay
so number one the executive order
invokes 911 so Trump says because of
9/11 because if the refugee because of
attacks by by people who have come into
the United States on student visas we
really have to crack down on the visa
system and that means that we're gonna
crack down on the on the visa system
we're gonna crack down on both
immigrants and not immigrants meaning
people who visit the country as well as
people who are attempting to immigrate
to the country and we're gonna crack
down on all of that the order suspends
visas from Nationals of countries of
particular origin so the Secretary of
Homeland Security as well as Secretary
of State and the DNI Director of
National Intelligence are tasked under
the order with determining the standard
necessary for visa entry within 30 days
they're gonna rewrite the standard all
entering in the United States is
suspended as immigrants and
non-immigrants of such persons for 90
days from the date of such order so
these are the countries this is where
everybody's saying you're not able to
get in if you're from Iraq Iran Syria
Libya and in a couple of other countries
not Afghanistan not Saudi Arabia not
Pakistan that's one of the flaws in this
and we'll get to that in a second the
order also states there may be more
countries that are added to this banned
list so again it's seven countries
they're talking about it's around Iraq
Syria Libya Somalia Sudan Yemen those
are the seven that they are talking
about the Secretary of State and
homeland security are able to waive the
executive order for individuals so if
they determine that there's an
interpreter who wants to get in from
Iraq they can waive the executive order
okay refugees are blocked for 120 days
all refugees are blocked for 120 days
while we come up with new standards
Syrian refugees are banned indefinitely
until Trump says okay so they're given a
special standard priority is given to
victims of religious based persecution
so what it says is that the Secretary of
State is directed to make changes to
prioritize refugee claims made by
individuals on the basis of religious
based persecution provided the religion
of the individual is minority religion
in the individuals country of
nationality so the idea here presumably
is that Christians living in Syria will
be given higher priority they'll still
be able to get in Muslims who are ref
you
Jews from Syria are gonna have a harder
time now that isn't actually a major
shift from current refugee law current
refugee law defines a refugee as any
person who is outside the country of
such persons nationality and who is
unable to return to the country because
of persecution or a well-founded fear of
persecution on account of religion so
that obviously encompasses Christians
the fact is that the Obama
administration really cracked down on
Christian immigration from Syria which
was truly an awful awful thing they took
in I think single-digit numbers of
Syrian refugees who were Christian in
the last year but they took in tens of
thousands of Syrian refugees were not
that's that's ridiculous the order
limits the number of refugees total in
2017 to 50,000 people who's all wow
that's just awful okay except that was
the normal standard like three years ago
it was only up than the last couple of
years and then you get into the screw up
so all of this is basically okay it's
actually relatively moderate this isn't
a giant Muslim ban they're 1.5 billion
Muslims all around the world they're not
going to immediately be banned from the
United States the most populous Muslim
countries are still allowed to send
people to the United States they're not
banned again this doesn't cover a lot of
the countries it probably should cover
like Pakistan and Saudi Arabia and Egypt
or it doesn't cover a lot of those
places all it is it's it's temporary
moratorium it's on outright ban so it's
not a Muslim ban okay there's no way
this is a Muslim ban I've read the text
members of the media should bother
reading the text but they don't it's not
a Muslim ban folks it just isn't
