in a new executive order president
Donald Trump has imposed a temporary ban
on refugees coming from countries filled
with people who want to kill us until we
can figure out which of the refugees
want to kill us and which would just
like to be able to go to Starbucks
without being beheaded by the people who
want to kill us the ban immediately
caused hysterical leftists to become
hysterical made dishonest Democrats
dishonest and transformed CNN into the
same pestilent cesspool of distortion it
was before the order went into effect
Democrats Senate leader Chuck Schumer
issued a statement about the temporary
travel ban saying quote there are tears
running down the cheeks of the Statue of
Liberty
where's Democrat House Leader Nancy
Pelosi issued a statement saying quote
there are tears in the eyes of the
Statue of Liberty authorities in New
York dispatched by planes armed with
machine guns to try to dislodge the
Democrats from the face of the Statue of
Liberty but the gigantic Democrats
swatted the biplanes out of the sky New
York Governor Andrew Cuomo issued a
statement saying as a New Yorker I am
Muslim I am Jewish I am black and gay
and disabled I am a woman seeking to
control her health and choices the
governor's office later issued a
correction saying Cuomo was actually an
italian-american guy with a rich fantasy
life on social media compassionate
liberals opposed to the Trump
administration began posting
heartbreaking photographs of Syrian
children who had been murdered during
the Obama administration
by Islamists who want to kill us arguing
that this was the reason we needed to
allow Islamists want to kill us to come
to this country during the Trump
administration presumably so that they
can kill children here
there were also demonstrations and
protests at airports many of them funded
by George Soros who wants to destroy
America so there can be a global
government run by people like George
Soros named George Soros the protesters
carried signs calling for an end to all
American borders the signs also included
mailing addresses so Soros knows where
to send the checks the news media
meanwhile continued to garner respect
among large swaths of the unmedicated
psychotic community by reacting to
everything Trump does with the measured
calm of a monkey who's been set on fire
the flaming monkeys at the New York
Times a former newspaper ran a story
saying
temporary ban to improve security
vetting was quote unlikely to reduce the
terrorist threat according to experts
the times experts also told the times it
would soon take a trip over water where
it would meet a Tall Dark Stranger the
times then crossed the experts palms
with silver and they returned to their
gipsy Caravan all in all the executive
order has continued a recent pattern in
which our unbalanced and unreliable
President does sensible and reasonable
things and the honest and responsible
left becomes hysterical and lies
welcome to 2017 trigger warning I'm
Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Clavin show
all right the world is going insane it's
going in but we're here on the island of
Andrew Clavin show sanity the little
island of misfit sane people so Donald
Trump finally has done something I
seriously dislike and has nothing to do
with refugees and well we will talk
about that also we also have SAG Award
winning cultural correspondent Michael
Knowles will be here to discuss the
pro-life March and before we get to that
let me talk about our new sponsor lift l
yft the lift is the ride sharing program
let me explain to you how things work in
LA so you get the picture in LA you get
in your car to go to dinner your dinner
is five minutes away it takes you three
hours to get there by the time you get
there you then have to pay you know 40
bucks to have your car valeted by a guy
who looks like he's homeless and then he
was so angry that you have a couple of
drinks and you get stopped on the way
home by the police arrested for drunk
driving and beaten to death by a guy
named spike so instead we call lyft
because it's much easier the lyft app is
so easy you press the button on your
cell phone
the car shows up average of three and a
half minutes every lyft driver is vetted
through a ten point safety standard plus
they're happier because the app actually
allows you to tip them which the other
guys don't do lyft is the highest rating
it may not be the biggest ride sharing
program but it's the fastest-growing and
the highest rated ones and it's just it
really is an easy way to avoid getting
stopped by the cops if they had a couple
of drinks which you know in LA like
that's the reason everybody goes home so
early
plus we're giving you stuff free this is
amazing see this is the thing this is
the thing we offer you don't even have
to take my word for these things you
just take it for free
you guys you won't spend a lousy eight
bucks to subscribe to the daily wire and
then you don't take stuff for free your
lives make no sense right now
lyft it's offering a special deal you
get three free rides up to ten bucks
each that's up to 30 dollar value when
you enter the promo code clayvin I'm not
sure how to spell that oh wait it's good
that's me you claiming pick a lav am
just download the free lyft app today
and enter the promo code Clavin in the
payment section and you'll start with
three free rides up to ten bucks each
that's up to a $30 value
that's the promo code Clavin que la vie
aan do it so you don't get beaten to
death by a guy named spike all right the
hysteria is incredible I mean so Trump
puts out this completely rational as far
as I'm concerned executive order that is
limiting you know you originally started
talking about a Muslim ban it is now
morphed into something much more
reasonable much more sensible it's not a
Muslim and plenty of Muslim majority
countries are still allowed to come in
here's what he's done okay let's let us
talk about what is actually in this
order but and by the way he sprung it on
people very quickly but we'll talk about
that too it halts refugees for 120 days
so that's four months to improve the
vetting system it caps the refugee
admissions at 50k which is about where
it was from most of the Bush and Obama
years until Obama doubled it I think in
the last two years of his administration
it's a temporary 90 day ban on people
entering the u.s. from Iraq Syria Iran
Libya Somalia Sudan and Yemen countries
Aidid by the Obama administration as
dangerous and there was you know there
were some foul ups I mean this is always
follow-ups on these big things somebody
said oh yeah this should include guys
with green cards who leave the country
but that's ridiculous people with green
cards are vetted for years before and
this if you're from Canada you know I
mean you can't get a green card if you
come from Canada without being vetted up
the wazoo so that that was rescinded
they took that back you know there's all
the courts are complaining you know
there's some courts there's some legal
experts who say he has the right to do
this under a law that says the president
can decide if somebody is an
inadmissible alien there is also a law
that says you can't deny people access
due to race religion and so on so there
is some legal stuff there's gonna be all
these challenges but the left goes
insane when I'm talking about the left
I'm not just talking there's all these
cases chaos at airports and I love the
headlines are like Trump order causes
chaos so Trump order causing chaos it's
the people rushing out to the airports
paid by George Soros to commit K to
cause chaos so they're out there causing
chaos at the airports these are the
demonstrators but that's not the stuff I
love what I love is the guys who
actually have some reason and authority
and look I'm not saying this is a
perfect order the important thing is he
is Trump is talking about establishing
safe zones in Syria which of course is
the thing we should do we should have
there should be safe zones in Muslim
countries where people can go or
refugees can go and we can protect them
but not necessarily bring them here
before we vet them makes perfect sense
first Chuck Schumer bursts into tears I
have to play so here's Chuck Schumer
crying my daughter her middle name is
Emma names for Emma Lazarus the great
poet who wrote those lines on the
pedestal of the Statue of Liberty give
me your tired your poor your huddled
masses yearning to breathe free free so
this executive order
hizmet was mean-spirited on America it
was implemented in a way that created
chaos and confusion across the country
and it will only serve to embolden and
inspire those around the globe who will
do us harm you gonna cry I feel like I
should bounce a basketball off his head
like in the Great Santini you gonna cry
Chuck you're gonna cry let me see it
first of all you know they're all this
thing with the Statue of Liberty they
keep quoting the taking that quote out
of concert out of context the poem on
the Statue of Liberty was written by a
radical socialist Emma Lazarus but it
was not to just say send every piece of
dirt you got over here and we'll take
everybody it was talking to Europe and
saying we this is the new Colossus you
had a colossus which was based on a you
know monarchy and based on imperialism
and based on conquest ours is going to
be based on welcome so you can send the
people that you rejected that you
treated badly send them to us and we'll
take them that's the full context of
that quote so I love and the oh and the
other thing is is this whole thing about
you know Trump's order is going to make
Muslims violent so the the idea is
basically Muslims are not violent but if
you have an order they turned violent
because you know what Muslims are like I
mean that's basically the logic so Trump
was great this morning he had a great
reaction he came out this is what he had
to say about the Chuck among others yeah
actually had a very good day yesterday
in terms of Homeland Security some day
we had to make the move and we decided
to make the move it would be nice again
if we could have our cabinet as a
cabinet which is outstanding is going
through a lot in terms of what they're
being put through
the senate jeff sessions they made him
wait an extra week and they did that
only for political reasons he's always
they just made him wait well i'd said
why do they do that just politics I know
there's Chuck Schumer yesterday with
fake tears
I'm gonna ask him who was his acting
coach because I know it very well I
don't see him as a crier if he is he's a
different man there's about a five
percent chance that it was real but I
think they were fake tears it's given
odds on how real as tears are I love it
so this is this also what I like about
this is like the left is going nuts I
mean they're going insane and I'll go on
a little bit more about some of the
stuff that's happening in the press and
in Hollywood but that protests and all
we had a good day it was a good day you
know so he says he's going to announce
his Supreme Court pick tomorrow but he
also and this is the stuff of course
that's dear to my wonky little heart he
signed an order that will seek to
dramatically pair back federal
regulations by requiring agencies to cut
to existing regulations for every new
rule introduced
we're gonna win economically we're gonna
win with the economy we're gonna win
with military we're gonna win with
healthcare and for our veterans we're
gonna win with every single facet my oh
my what a wonderful day we're gonna win
so much you may even get tired of
winning yeah you'll say please please
it's too much winning we can't take it
anymore
I feel pretty oh so pretty I feel pretty
and witty and yet we have to keep
winning we have to win
you don't get the stuff on Shapiro show
folks you don't get the Trump Happiness
montage so the press is going nuts and
Mario Cuomo made his silly speech but
let's just take a look at the way the
press treated this year's Martha Raddatz
who cried when Hillary Clinton lost okay
so we know what an honest broker of
information she is here she is with this
interview of Sean Spicer listen listen
to the questions she has let's talk
about Iraq you saw that an Iraqi
interpreter for America was detained
temporarily I have been in Iraq with
those interpreters they have saved lie
absolutely American soldiers and now
you're saying you can't come in no
that's not war say Martha not at all
we're gonna say we're gonna make sure
that we don't let someone slip through
the cracks who seeks to do our country
harm that's it
the person was processed in I know that
in some cases are gonna be a bit of an
inconvenience with the inconvenience
there's a humiliation no there's a
hundred and nine people that were slowed
down over 325,000 foreign visitors that
came in but what what do we say to the
family that that loses somebody of a
terroristic - whether it's Atlanta or
San Bernardino or the Boston bomber
those people each of whom had gone out
to a country and then come back remember
clavin's first rule of mainstream
journalism right whenever the prejudices
and illusions of left wingers are
confirmed by an individual incident the
incident is treated as representative
when those prejudices and illusions are
contradicted the incident is considered
an aberration and treating it as
representative is deemed hateful that's
the first rule that's the rule that
Martha Raddatz is doing right there I
was in Afghanistan with the interpreters
the Terps as the military calls them
there are terrific guys there also
playing the odds just like we all are
they're out for their best interest
which they think is to come eventually
to America
so some interpreter got stopped and then
let through and he's that's humiliation
isn't that a terrible thing one guy one
got stopped where as if if we said
there's a terrorist attack by a Muslim
and we said oh let's generalize these
Muslims they're kind of terrorists that
would be that would be a hateful thing
to say so why is that one incident like
important why is it even important why
is she even bringing it up we know that
there are good people you know most of
the people who come over here most of
the Muslims who could come over here are
not only not terrorists they will never
participate in a terrorist attack hey we
have SAG Award winning cultural
correspondent michael knowles is coming
up to talk about the pro-life march come
over to the daily wire.com and you can
hear it if you would only subscribe if
only you know you you lie awake at night
why didn't I subscribe this is the
moment to subscribe to the daily
wire.com lousy 8 bucks a month and you
get to watch the entire show at the site
