last Saturday in an attempt to
demonstrate outrage at something some
three million people across the country
mostly women participated in women's
marches the scattershot platform for the
march included public funding for
contraception and abortion equal pay
protections for illegal immigrants
anti-israel activism and taxpayer
subsidized tampons among other various
and random causes what United them
hatred for the reality the Donald Trump
was sworn in as president of the United
States on Friday two contrasting images
emerge from the March itself first
people filling the streets out of pure
unadulterated but vaguely motivated
frustration second some of the most
egregiously perverse speeches and
signage in modern political history
while the left celebrated the first
image isn't this a sign of a political
uprising of the making it ignored the
second image which is far more likely to
backfire than to generate enthusiasm
that second image was promulgated by
celebrities like Ashley Judd was once
considered a frontrunner for the
Democratic nomination for the Senate in
Kentucky
there has been actress raged I'm a nasty
woman I didn't know Devils could be
resurrected but I feel Hitler huh in
these streets a mess - traded for a
toupee I am nasty like the blood stains
on my bedsheets we don't actually choose
if and when to have our periods believe
me if we could some of us would you do
not like throwing away our favorite
pairs of Underpants tell me why our pads
and tampons still tax when viagra and
Rogaine are not okay meanwhile thousands
of women done on pussy hats or pink knit
caps with cat ears designed to rebuke
from for the access hollywood tape in
which he said he could grab women by the
blank and get away with it
they marched with signs reading leave my
pee alone and if abortion is murder then
certain sexual acts are cannibalism and
this pussycat without the cab bites and
she slays NER all pro-choice America
hands down signs of similar messages
this reduction of women to their
constituent body parts is kind of ironic
coming from the same side of the
political aisle that says that men
sometimes have vaginas and that some
women have penises but more importantly
reducing female priorities - killing
babies and increased funding for maxi
pads
it actually objectifies women instead of
recognizing the women have all sorts of
political views instead of recognizing
that many women believe they ought to be
left alone by government in order to
pursue their dreams the women's March is
declared government has to treat vaginal
session with a sort of victim status
deserving special protection the
suggestion that the government must
guarantee special privileges for women
because their biology makes them somehow
lesser or that abortion rights are
necessary to achieve equality it reduces
the fight for female equality to the
fight for female sameness which is
insulting to women and it's off-putting
to voters if these women are so
concerned about vulgarity why are they
embracing it if they're so upset
Trump supposedly reduces women to body
parts why promote that same silly
thinking the left tried to run the war
on women in 2016 they lost now they're
doubling down but apparently so long as
they can pat themselves on the back for
their unearned moral superiority
they'll be happy i'm ben shapiro this is
the ben shapiro show so we are here and
donald trump's been a very busy man
which means that we have a lot to go
through President Trump has signed a
slew of executive orders he's been
extraordinarily active on Twitter which
means of course that gives us lots to
talk about we will get to all of that in
one moment first we have to say thank
you to our advertisers over at helix
asleep so as I said before on the
program I am an extraordinarily light
sleeper I don't tend to sleep well and
small noises wake me up if the bed isn't
comfortable then it's hard for me to
sleep which is why I am so excited about
being partnered with helix-loop-helix
sleep it's a mattress company and what
they do is you go on their website over
at helix sleep comm slash Ben helix
sleep comm slash men and they give you a
questionnaire what kind of beds you like
you like it hard you like it soft do you
like it firm do you like breathable do
you like to sleep in kind of cool or do
you like it to be warm and absorb heat
well hulex sleep calm they didn't send
you and then send you the mattress in
the mail and by the way you can get a
mattress that has two different settings
if you're if you're married and partner
and and you want the bed to have two
different settings because one of you
likes it softened one of you likes it
more firm helix can do that as well they
send it to you in the mail in a box and
then you unpack it and it inflate
automatically and it is super
comfortable it's so comfortable that we
took a more expensive mattress we had
and we actually moved it out of our room
and put the helix Sleep mattress in it
is definitely up to the quality of our
sleep they run that 3d biomechanical
model of your body through their
algorithms that they've created to help
create the most comfortable mattress
you've ever slept on if you don't like
it by the way you can return it it
arrives about a week shipping is 100%
you have a hundred nights to try it out
and then if you don't like it I'll pick
it up for free and they'll take it away
no questions asked so it really is no
risk it's a lot cheaper than a lot of
more expensive mattresses as well it's a
great company we're very excited to be
associated with them helix sleep comm /
Ben and you get 50 bucks off your first
order which is a pretty good deal
helix sweet calm / Ben make sure you use
this flash pen so they know that we sent
you as a way of saying thank you to them
for sponsoring the program okay so lots
going on so Donald Trump has been very
very active in the last 24 hours
and he's done a lot of good things and
he's done a couple of things that are
not so good so first off the big
headline of the day is that the stock
market has broked in 20,000 the Dow
Jones Industrial Average has now broken
20,000 and this of course is great news
I mean it's somebody with money in the
stock market that's fantastic and it is
amazing how the entire left thoughts the
world would implode when Trump was
elected so if you go back to their
predictions new york times faux
economist Paul Krugman he wrote this is
my specialty
if the question is when markets will
recover a first path answer is never
never they never recover from a Donald
Trump election when Donald Trump took
office by the way the the stock market
the DGI a was at the Dow Jones was at
like 18,000 200 it is currently over
20,000 so Krugman is wrong
Kurt Ison wall the Vanity Fair you
remember him he's the crazy kook who is
on with Tucker Carlton holding a binder
and just being generally weird he
tweeted in September that in preparation
for Trump presidency he sold all of his
stocks in his kids education accounts
and he urged everyone else to do the
same which would have been a terrible
move but it's not just kind of the kooky
left professor Eric zitzewitz of
Dartmouth College he said the global
markets would tank by 10% if Trump was
elected the former chief economist for
the International Monetary Fund said we
should expect a big markdown an expected
future earnings for a wide range of
stocks and I'll likely crash in the
broader market there's a hedge fund
called Bridgewater associates they said
that trumpet alight was elected the
stock market would would dump 2,000
points in a day Citigroup forecasts the
S&P 500 would drop between 3 and 5
percent instead by the end of the day of
the election the GGI a had risen and had
risen 1.4 percent the S&P 500 had risen
by 1
1% now all of that is great news and it
demonstrates the panic on the left is
overstated by the same token just to be
intellectually honest which we like
doing around here you know the
Republicans are saying this is the Trump
effect this is because of Trump right
Kellyanne Conway tweeted out to the
Trump effect Fox Business said president
Trump's early policy follow-through
propels down at 20,000 there's a problem
with this logic I was here during the
Obama years during the Obama years in
March of 2009 the stock market was at
6600 6600 when he left or when he when
Trump was elected it was at 18 thousand
three hundred thirty two thousand two
hundred and seventy seven percent
increase over the course of his term
today the stock market is at 20,000
fifty one as of the time about 40
minutes ago that's a nine point four
percent increase well I'm I remember we
didn't say that Barack Obama's economic
policies were glorious because the stock
market was doing well so you can't
change the metric for success in the
middle of the game you don't get to say
stock market doesn't matter when it's
doing well under Obama but now it
matters a lot when it's doing well under
Trump there's stuff that Trump's going
to do that's good there's stuff that's
Trump's going to do that's bad I'm very
pleased the stock market is doing well a
bit of intellectual honesty would be
nice the stock market does not generally
operate based on political events like
elections it really doesn't it operates
much more based on underlying market
fundamentals the market already prices
in the risks that are associated with
the election of various people in the
political system when you buy a stock
you tend not to think about the pull out
of the politics of the situation you
tend to think about the underlying value
of the companies do you think it's
overvalued or undervalued and that is
the global economic situation what is
the stock market like in China you know
that sort of stuff has a much broader
impact than an election and pretending
that Trump is responsible for all of the
rise is just as silly as pretending that
Barack Obama was responsible for all of
the rise so I just want to get that out
of the way since that's the big news
story of the day and is there reasons to
celebrate Trump which we're going to get
to in one second but I just want to I
just want to be intellectually honest
about the stock market thing because I
think that it's setting up a situation
where next time the stock market goes up
under a Democrat then the Democrats will
say the same thing and then we'll say no
and it's just silly
it's just silly okay so here's the stuff
that Trump is doing that's good and he's
doing a bunch of good things again you
sort of have to separate Trump into what
he says on Twitter and what he's saying
publicly and then what he actually does
what he's actually doing is listening to
the people around him so for example he
is now acting on the border wall which
is what he has to do this was by the way
the part of his agenda I thought he was
most likely to follow through on because
Donald Trump likes building things big
glorious huge things with his name on
them that are golden right he loves that
stuff so the idea he wasn't going to
build a wall of course he was always
going to build a physical barrier along
the border as well he should
he's now signed an executive order that
that is supposed to basically tell the
executive branch to go ahead and start
constructing that wall or continue
constructing that wall he also said that
he was going to increase plans to hire
5,000 more US Customs and Border
Protection agents that's actually low
I'd like to see that up to 20,000 even
the gang of eight bill which sucked had
20,000 additional ice agents Border
Protection agents not 5,000 that means
to increase dramatically Trump has also
said that he is going to withdraw
funding from sanctuary cities which
certainly should be done there's no
reason the federal government should
sponsor cities for violating federal law
so good predominant Trump on all of that
also he's expected to limit the number
of refugees admitted to the United
States 250 thousand a year down from
100,000 and imposed a temporary ban on a
lot of refugees immigration experts
expect that later in the week he's going
to suspend the issuance of visas to
people from countries where you can't
get adequate screening that Syria Sudan
Somalia Iraq around Libya Yemen I'm
actually shocked that it doesn't include
more countries it should probably
include Afghanistan for starters it
should include Pakistan for starters
there are a lot of countries where
extremism is extraordinarily high and we
have a tough time screening and putting
a postponement on well we get a better
screening system seems to me a basic
logical thing to do so good for Trump on
that really that's that's good stuff
Donald Trump followed through on all of
that the part that he's not following
through on apparently is daca and DAPA
getting rid of the executive amnesty so
good for him on the wall good for him on
the border agents good for him on
sanctuary cities really really good
stuff terrific stuff from President
Trump on that good for him I'm
postponing a lot of this immigration
from countries that we can't check
that's a really positive development
because we don't need
more immigrants who are going to come
here and participate in terror acts or
support them so that is a good thing as
well all of this is really good it's
important to mention in the context of
immigration that the border wall is less
significant then the then the jack adapt
executive amnesty that obama push
because most of the people who are
staying in the country right now are
people who violated their visas the
border wall you know it allows us to
know when people are attempting to cross
the border presumably you set up some
sort of touch fence like Israel has so
that you can determine when people are
trying to cross the border it would stop
people from crossing the border without
us knowing about it but the fact is that
net immigration through the southern
border has actually been pretty flat for
the last couple of years despite these
well-publicized can spikes they've been
happening when people crossing the
border and being captured by ice the
real problem with illegal immigration is
not people crossing the border that we
don't know about it's the fact that we
know about all these people and we don't
do anything about all these people that
a lot of people cross the border and
then they have a baby and then they're
tied here or they cross the border they
overstay a visa and we lose track of
them or they cross the border and then
ice grabs them and then I send them to
an immigration court and then they are
released on their own remand which is
ridiculous and then they just disappear
right that's really the big problem with
immigration that's going to be much more
up to Attorney General Jeff Sessions and
we will see how he enforces the law but
as far as this sort of stuff good good
for Donald Trump other good stuff from
Donald Trump so Donald Trump is talking
about his Supreme Court picks he
mentions one guy who I think would be
really good and one guy who I'm a little
more dicey on the guy who he's
mentioning who's really good is a judge
named Neal Gore his name is Neal Gorsuch
he's from the 10th Circuit Court of
Appeals and from what I have seen he is
quite good and again there's always a
little bit of mystery about these folks
because they don't rule on every issue
and they don't speak out on every issue
particularly because Democrats tend to
shut down anybody who speaks clearly and
openly about judicial issues if you say
roe v wade is the worst constitutional
decision in the United States since Dred
Scott and Plessy versus Ferguson and
maybe Skinner versus Oklahoma if you say
that then the Democrats will just kill
your nomination so you get is a lot of
stealth candidates a lot of people who
you don't know much about them but
here's what we do know about Neal
Gorsuch if he is selected next week and
this is coming from somebody who opposed
Justice Roberts I think it was the only
conservative in America who opposed
Justice Robert
on the grounds that we didn't know
enough about him so here's what we know
about Gorsuch he was appointed to the
10th circuit by George W Bush in 2006 he
has a really good legal resume obviously
when to do University of Oxford and
Harvard Law School he did clerk for
Byron white and Anthony Kennedy neither
of whom is conservative obviously Byron
white Nance and Kenny are not
conservative so that is a something of
concern some of his high-profile rulings
however have been pretty textualist so
for example neil Gorsuch on what is
called the chevron rule the chevron rule
this is obscure constitutional law now
but nationally matters a lot
under the Chevron rule the judiciary
really does not review the rulings of
administrative agencies so if you have a
run-in with the EPA the EPA has
basically its own court system and if
the EPA rules against you if an
administrative court rules against you
judges typically don't overrule that
Gorsuch thinks that's ridiculous he
thinks that there's no reason why the
judiciary should be able to have its
power removed and hand it to the
executive branch that's a good thing
Gorsuch has written a pretty sterling
dissent from the 10th circuit in the
case of Hobby Lobby so Hobby Lobby as
you recall was a case where the federal
government was trying to cram down on
private companies that these private
companies had to purchase Obamacare for
people in spite of their religious
objections they had to cover
contraception contraceptives in spite of
their religious objections Gorsuch wrote
a really good dissent in that particular
case that one comes up he is apparently
a textualist he is very hard on poorly
written criminal law he has talked about
judicial activism and the fact that the
left uses the courts in order to press
forward its case he's written a book
very critical of assisted suicide so
this is somebody who who tends to be
more along lines of Justice Scalia as
far as the other person who Trump is
apparently considering this is a
Hardiman right so this is judge thomas
Hardiman who is a US district court
judge in pennsylvania sits on the same
court as trumps sister apparently is
from the Third Circuit Court of Appeals
and right now there are people who are
handicapping this as him being the
front-runner some people say Gorsuch is
the front-runner I don't know anything I
don't know that hardiman's record
betrays anything particularly
the conservative versus not conservative
so I don't see any red flags really
there's not a lot on substance he he's
in favor of sort of tougher crime and
tougher on crime stuff but he's kind of
in to say he's kind of a cipher to me he
was confirmed 95 to zero by the way from
court of appeals whenever somebody's
confirmed 95 to zero it's a good
indicator that they're too much of a
cipher for you to trust right you should
actually have a certain amount of
controversy with your Supreme Court
nominees otherwise how do you know that
you're getting it right if the Democrats
don't think that you're getting it wrong
so I prefer Gorsuch to Hardiman we'll
see who Trump picks on all of that so
that's the story with Donald Trump's
actions and then there's Donald Trump's
Twitter then there is Donald Trump's
Twitter and we'll get to Donald Trump's
Twitter in just a minute plus you have
to stick around over a daily wired
economy up to become a subscriber and
stick around because we're going to talk
about the most racist ridiculous
Democratic Party townhall ever ever and
the Trump's done so much I talked a lot
about taps I want to get to what the
Democrats are doing because that to me
is the key to the whole political news
cycle what the Democrats are doing right
now is doubling down on racism in a
release of your way we're going to talk
about that as soon as we're done here on
Facebook over at Daly we're calm go over
there and subscribe eight bucks a month
get you a subscription to daily wire.com
annual subscribers still get a signed
copy of my book true allegiance we have
a bunch of new goodies that are coming
out for subscribers the Shapiro store is
due to open very very shortly and you
get to be part of tomorrow's mailbag you
get to watch the rest of the show live
be part of tomorrow's mailbag watch
Clavin show live be part of his mailbag
and as I say lots more of that he's
coming for subscribers behind the
paywall daily wire com just want to
listen to the rest of the show go
subscribe at iTunes definitely subscribe
at iTunes we have now tens of thousands
of subscribers and we are of course the
most listened to conservative podcast in
the United States
you
