you know I have to tell you I realized
yesterday that my my Jewish friends are
absolutely right absolutely right when
it comes to shellfish I I had a fried
oyster for the first time and it's clear
to me that these vile creatures were not
meant for human consumption and that's
probably why God buried them at the
bottom of the sea I mean I think that
was probably a hint you've got these
you've got these mucusy slimy gelatinous
salty slugs covered in a hard shell
buried in the sand covered in hundreds
of feet of shark-infested waters maybe
that's a sign they were not supposed to
be eating these things and I really do
wonder who was the first person who dove
to the bottom of the ocean and found
this brown rock and brought it to the
surface cracked it open and saw all that
salty snot and said no maybe I'll maybe
I'll try that and then how did that ever
catch on I don't understand now look
cows and on the other hand cows live on
the land they're dumb they're slow
they're delicious
plus they come with their own beverage
so they come with a side beverage and in
the so it's like obviously God has
practically put a neon sign on cows
saying eat me but shellfish not so much
so I think I'm gonna go kosher kosher
except for the not eating bacon part I
still do that but the as far as
shellfish goes I'm on board
all right the the so-called migrants
Caravan containing about 7,000 or so
Central Americans is is is continuing
its march north the United States still
still many hundreds of miles away I
don't think there's any official
demographic count for the caravan but
just looking at the footage there appear
to be quite a quite a few grown men in
the crowd this this does not seem to be
a caravan of women and children despite
how the media may portray it this this
would seem to be predominantly a caravan
of physically capable adult males and
that's the first point I want to focus
on here okay
these this is the kind of thing people
are gonna offend it or whatever when you
say this but the then people get
offended by everything so who cares
these people are leaving their homelands
because their homelands are
dysfunctional and destitute okay but as
much as and you see some of this footage
they're waving their national flag their
Flags of origin they're waging waving as
they march but they're marching away
from their country so so how proud of
your country can you really be if you're
abandoning it how patriotic can you
really be if you're leaving your country
and I think that's that a big part of
the problem and this is a part of the
discussion that people don't really want
to have but maybe these maybe we should
consider the possibility that these
countries are destitute and
dysfunctional because or in large part
because significantly because they're
physically capable adult males keep
leaving you know you you can't how are
you gonna have a country of your own if
all of your if all your guys keep
leaving you maybe if those men were to
stay behind in their own countries and
work to rebuild their country and
rebuild a way of life
maybe then there wouldn't be a reason to
come here you see it seems like the pro
illegal immigration side they kind of
lose either way because um you know we
know they got very upset when Trump
infamously said that these countries
aren't sending their best the other side
says well yes they are okay but either
way it doesn't work you see because if
these aren't their best if these really
are criminals and and and and so forth
if these are the the dregs of their
society then obviously we don't want
them here but if they are the best if
they are hardworking and competent and
capable people that's all the more
reason for them not to come here and
stay and fight for and rebuild their own
countries we don't want a country
sending us their worst but it's mad
for a country to send their best your
worst you shouldn't be allowed to dump
on another country your best you
shouldn't want to dump on another
country you know I made this point
yesterday and some some people told me
that well well the only reason they're
coming here is because we ruin their
country their countries are destitute
and dysfunctional because of us it's our
fathers our fault our government's
policies cause these problems now I
think that's a weird kind of paternalism
here here again you see this sort of
white saviour bigotry that's so common
among among white liberals you're such
you're suggesting that these people have
no say over their own lives that that
the the fate of their country has
nothing to do with them whatsoever they
have no control no say at all that's
what you're saying you you are relieving
them of of blame which is what you want
to do but you're also relieving them of
agency you're having they if they have
no agency over themselves over their
country's over their lives it's it's all
the fault of the white man the white man
in America caused the problem and the
white man in America is the only one who
can solve it that's what you're saying I
find that extremely extraordinarily
racist and and besides even if that were
true which it isn't but even if it were
true that this is all America's fault we
destroyed the entire hemisphere all the
countries we destroyed it all well then
that would mean that these men are
fleeing their homelands and coming to
the country that destroyed their
homeland I mean how do you that's what
you're saying you're saying that we it's
our fault we did this were the big bad
evil villains and so they're coming to
us it wouldn't that be an act of
enormous cowardice in that case I mean
wouldn't that be traitorous to your
country if a foreign country destroyed
America and left a destitute would you
leave here and go to that country that
did this thing
or would you stay and fight for your
home now you know I don't think that the
United States is responsible for
destroying Central America though though
I agree that some of our policies
dealing with the war on drugs and the
cartels and so forth have been terrible
but to put the blame entirely on us is
simplistic and absurd and it doesn't
undermine the point that I'm making here
in fact it strengthens the point that
many of these bends should be staying in
their own countries either way no matter
how you slice it right I just think this
is a really important point to emphasize
because if we're looking for long-term
solutions to the immigration problem
well then I think those long-term
solutions have to involve these
countries keeping their own labor forces
rather than sending them all to us I
just think that if we're if we want if
you want these countries to get on their
own feet as it were then it has to
involve that second thing about this any
time immigrations in the news you always
have people claiming that Christians are
compelled by the Bible by Jesus by our
teachings to support unfettered
immigration this is one of the only
subjects where the left suddenly likes
to talk about the Bible usually they
hate the Bible they hate Christianity
they think the Bible is a book of
fairytales but when it comes to
immigration and and you know a few other
issues like gun rights or you know the
welfare state then all all of a sudden
they're they're opening that book of
fairytales and insisting that clearly we
must we must hold their position if we
want to be Christian well that's that's
obviously not the case Christianity is
not a political platform it does not
give us policy proposals it's it's not
like the Republican or Democrat platform
where you can go and they've got a
position on every single you know social
cultural political issue that's not the
way Christianity works and in fact the
faith allows I think for quite a bit of
intellectual diversity it is if you like
an open minded faith we're supposed to
be open minded well Christianity is very
open minded now obviously the
fundamental doctrines of the faith are
not
negotiable we're not open-minded about
that but as for political and cultural
issues all we can do is apply Christian
principles to the issue and see where it
lands us that's that's what we can do on
something like abortion or gay marriage
these principles will unavoidably land
us completely on one side every time so
if you're applying Christian principles
obviously you're going to be against
killing babies there's just no way to
get to the pro baby killing side if
you're starting with Christian
principles you just can't get there if
you want to get there you can have to
throw the Christian principles aside or
or it's not going to work but on issues
like immigration taxes gun rights
foreign policy economic policy health
care etc faithful and devout Christians
can come to a variety of different
conclusions it's it's it's possible to
you know hold many different positions
on those kinds of issues on immigration
as far as I can see it the only
completely unacceptable view for
Christians is the one that supports all
forms of illegal immigration without
restrictions the one that says we'll
open up the borders let everyone in
forget about the law forget about the
borders forget about all that that's not
a Christian you know that's that's not a
Christian perspective that's a that is a
Marxist utopian perspective a Christian
with that view is supporting criminality
illegally
he's undermining the authority of the
state an authority that we're told he's
given to the state by God so that's not
an acceptable view for Christians but
aside from that there is a spectrum of
positions a Christian can hold one of
those positions which happens we mind
mine is that rampant immigration legal
or illegal is bad for almost everyone
it's bad for America it's bad for the
countries that are being abandoned as
we've talked about the only person who
might benefit is the individual
immigrant but I don't think it's it in
this situation I don't think it's
ethical or moral
or logical or prudent to put one person
on a pedestal above everyone else I
don't think you can put the interest of
this one person above everyone else
above the law itself I don't think we
can do that now clearly when you're
weighing you know the individual versus
the collective you're not always going
to come on the side of the collective if
this is a life or death issue if for
instance directly and intentionally
murdering an innocent person might
benefit the collective well then that
still is not okay it's not okay to
murder the person this is an argument
that people make for abortion all the
time they say well you know bees babies
are unwanted they're just gonna be poor
they're gonna end up in jail they're
gonna commit crimes it's already with
the world is overpopulated no it's not
that's a myth but the world's
overpopulated so for the for the sake of
the collective we should have abortion
well that is a morally unacceptable
position
we can't go kill an innocent person for
the sake of the collective but we're not
talking about murdering immigrants here
this is not life or death we're talking
about simply not allowing them to come
here and in that situation I do think we
have to weigh everyone's interests and
go with the strategy go with the policy
that benefits the most people I just
want to emphasize this for a moment a
moment because this is important the
options when it comes to immigration the
options are not let them in or kill them
okay
now the way people talk about this issue
you would think those are the options
like if you don't let them in then it
says then we're we are rejecting their
very lives this is you hear people say
that well if you're really pro-life you
would be Pro immigration what what does
that have to do with anything what does
pro-life have to do with this if the
other option was killing them then yes
this would be a pro-life issue but
that's not it we're simply saying that
we should enforce our laws and not let
them in they can go back and live in
their own countries they can go to any
country that will accept them this is
this is this is that's all as for us we
have laws we have a border and it should
inforced there is nothing in the
pro-life platform that should make us
opposed to law and order in fact we
should be in favor of law and order
because all the whole reason why we have
laws and why we have order is for the
sake of us for the sake of human beings
because we recognize that human life is
sacred and precious and so we need laws
to protect those lives and to establish
order siding with law and order on the
immigration debate is not the same as
siding against the very existence the
very lives of these people we are not
denying the sacredness the sanctity the
preciousness the value of their lives
when we simply say we have laws and
we're going to enforce them all right
one other thing I want to talk about on
a different note megyn kelly had a
conversation on her show yesterday where
they were talking about offensive
Halloween costumes and she remarked that
in her opinion she doesn't see why it's
offensive for a white person to dress as
a black person if the if they're
dressing as a black person they admire
in order to pay tribute and she gave the
example of a white woman dressing as
Diana Ross well of course this sparked
outrage and and people were offended in
hurt and traumatized and and they made
their tummies hurt that she would dare
to utter this opinion about costumes and
then later on in the day she issued an
apology I don't think she owed an
apology for two reasons number one and I
feel like a broken record here I'm
saying this all the time but I think I
just I feel like it needs to be said
over and over again that you cannot
ignore a person's intent when they say
something so if somebody says something
and you know that their intent was
perfectly innocent that they were not
trying to be offensive they were not
trying to say anything hurtful if you
know that then there's no reason to be
offended even if what they said was
clumsy inartful whatever
if you know that they weren't trying to
be offensive of you if you know what
they meant then there's no reason to be
offended and if you get offended
anyway it's because you wanted to be
offended it's because you are a cynical
opportunistic jerk looking for a reason
to be offended that is the only excuse
to be offended by something that's the
only reason why a person can be offended
by something that they know was not
intended to be offensive megyn kelly is
just another example you can disagree
with her position about costumes
whatever she clearly was not trying to
be racist that she did not consider this
to be a racist comment there was no
racism underneath it so if you say well
I know you didn't mean it as racist but
I'm gonna take it as racist well then
you are a liar and a fraud if that's
what you do well I know you didn't mean
it that way but this is how I'm gonna
take it well you know what then you
should apologize to her if you're doing
that you should be the one apologizing
in fact you should you should be she
should be saying you're welcome because
because you should be thanking her you
know when you get offended by something
because you wanted to be offended then
you should be saying thank you to
whoever offended you because you wanted
to be offended you were desperate to be
offended you wanted nothing more than to
be offended you're so excited to be
offended so you should say thank you to
the person who offended you you were
obviously looking for an excuse you got
it well say thank you be polite where
are your manners
I just I hate this so much I mean of all
the things in modern society that I
can't say this might be the thing this
might be I'm above everything else this
propensity that people have to get to be
offended to choose to be offended when
they know that the intent behind the
remark or the comment or the action was
totally innocent and we act like intent
is irrelevant it's not irrelevant intent
is the whole point that's all that
really matters in communication all that
matters is what do I mean when I say it
and if you know what I mean then that's
then that should be it we
can't have communication I think we all
all human communication breaks down this
way if you are if you are going to
refuse to receive what a person tells
you in the spirit and with the intent
that they clearly meant it now on the
issue of on the issue of Halloween
costumes in general look I don't dress
in costumes myself
I don't find it especially appealing to
dress in a costume I haven't had the
desire to dress in a costume since I was
about five years old but I do know that
the point of Halloween costumes is to
have fun most costumes are in good fun I
think you rarely see a mean-spirited
costume every once in a while you do
okay so you see some idiot dressed in
you know you'll see you see stories of
some moron dressed in a in a holocaust
costume or something well that obviously
is mean-spirited that's not in good fun
you're not you're not having good fun
with the murder of six million people
but most costumes aren't like that most
costumes are even if they're tacky even
if they're outrageous even if they're
inappropriate they're still not
mean-spirited so um should a white
person be able to dress as someone of a
different race or of a different culture
uh of course they should obviously I
mean don't be ridiculous why are we even
talking about this clearly they can
clearly there's nothing wrong with it
now I know that what I say they can't I
know that if they do they're gonna be
you know people will tolerate it in in
this irrational age that we're living in
but in an ideal situation if everyone
was rational and we were all mature
adults there would be nothing wrong with
it if it's if it's meant in good fun if
it's meant to be a tribute if you just
happened there's nothing wrong it's it's
you know just like non Irish people on
st. Patrick's Day they'll dress in in
really ridiculous exaggerated Irish
themed costumes
I mean people dress as leprechauns
for goodness sakes people dressed as
leprechauns to this and by the way st.
Patrick's Day is a is a is a is a a
religious holiday on top of that so
you're coming in on this religious
holiday and making a mockery of the
Irish dressing as a leprechaun well you
know what no Irish person gets offended
by that I think that actual Irish people
in Ireland I've never heard of any of
them being offended I think they just
laugh about it and they roll their eyes
and they kind of laugh at us people of
Irish descent in America we don't start
crying about it we're not offended we
laugh we have a good time in fact we're
we're flattered on st. Patrick's Day
everybody wants to pretend that they
have Irish ancestry and so those of us
who do we feel kind of you know we feel
kind of good about ourselves we feel
kind of kind of cool then everybody
everybody wishes they had the same
ancestry that we do so you should be
flattered by that so it's the same thing
with Native Americans I mean for you
know a lot of white people and look at
Elizabeth Warren she's not the only one
a lot of white people in America wish
they had Native American ancestry even
if they don't and so if they dress up as
a Native American they're paying tribute
this is meant to be flattering you
should be flattered by it it's you know
for whatever reason they're white there
are two things it seems that every white
person in America wants to be they want
to be Irish and they also want to be
Native American okay so whatever there's
no reason to be offended by that you
could laugh at it you could say that's
silly it is but why be offended and and
and look it's not like I know I know you
might say well well it's different
because black people Native Americans
they've been oppressed they've been
persecuted this is a this is a
persecuted group of people so to dress
up as them as well I don't deny that
they've been oppressed and persecuted
but but what do you think the Irish
haven't have you read it do you know
anything about Ireland are you kidding
me I the Irish people have not been some
dominant powerful force in the world
we're talking about a culture that has
suffered terribly been persecuted
terribly in their own country and and in
the United States it's been it's been
the
the history of the Irish people has been
misery after misery yes yet they take
this all in stride so you know what and
on st. Patrick's Day nobody is talking
about the plight of the Irish people no
one's having this conversation
nobody's wondering whether or not Irish
people are offended by this
nobody does so you know what I have no
interest in double standards I just
don't if it's okay to dress Irish if
it's okay for non-white people to dress
as white people at Halloween then white
folks can dress in whatever costume they
want I'm sorry the double standard is
not working for me I'm not gonna go
along with it I don't think anyone
should if you have a double standard
then why should why should I care what
your opinion is if you clearly have a
double standard why should I respect
that if you're gonna go and celebrate
st. Patrick's Day and get drunk in your
leprechaun costume making a mockery of
the Irish you know associating them only
with leprechauns and being drunk if
you're gonna do that don't pretend
you're a fool that well that that that
of costume offends my cultural heritage
well you can't do that what why should I
take that seriously and by the way I
also don't agree that the offended
person is always right and should always
get his way well if someone's offended
by that costume that's reason enough not
to wear it no it's not it's not any
reason enough because people get
offended by everything so it's not
reason enough to stop doing something
well if someone's offended you shouldn't
do it you shouldn't say well that means
I'm not gonna do or say anything ever
again because somebody's always offended
maybe the offended person should stop
looking for a reason to be offended
maybe the offended person should say to
themselves oh it's just a costume on
Halloween it doesn't matter
it should someone is just having fun
maybe I'll just be cool about it for
once in my life and calm down and just
let people have fun without looking for
a reason to rain all over the parade
maybe we should expect the offended
person to do that you know what about
that
in the case of an intentionally
mean-spirited costume well that's
different but even then if it's
intentionally mean-spirited it means
that the person's pitiful and they're in
there looking desperate for attention so
the last thing you should do is give
them attention just ignore them
but if it's meant as a tribute if it's
in good fun if it's if it's the same
jokey kind of spirit as the st.
Patrick's Day stuff then well maybe you
should just laugh and move on with your
life just a thought all right we'll
leave it there but as I said I don't
dress in any costumes for Halloween but
I don't begrudge those who do have a
great day everyone I'll talk to you
tomorrow Godspeed
