this is it the last full day of Barack
Obama's presidency in a final
presidential press conference Obama laid
out some of his plans for the hours
leading up to the inauguration of Donald
Trump because he's a lame duck
but Obama has not let the clock run out
on his presidency without taking some
substantial actions he took these
actions without consulting with Congress
as befits the man who signed fewer bills
into law than any other president
including Jimmy Carter who only served
one term and was a total doofus among
these final obama acts obama stood by
and allowed the united nations a famous
new york house of ill-repute to pass a
resolution condemning our ally israel
for building settlements in East
Jerusalem a city whose name is derived
from the word yerushalayim which is
Hebrew because the city has been the
Jewish capital since around a thousand
years before Jesus was a twinkle in the
eye of God who by the way gets really
mad when jackass is messed with his
people the Jews so don't do it
oops too late Obama also ended the
policy of wet foot dry foot so now if
you're enjoying living under Cuban
communism so much that you want to
spread the word by building a raft out
of coconuts roped together with phlegm
and then paddling 110 miles through
shark-infested waters with your children
clinging to the edges until the
survivors manage to claw their way
through the raging surf to touch the
blessed free shores of America our
country can thank you for letting us
know what a great system communism is
and then send you back to enjoy it even
more Obama also commuted the sentence of
bradley manning who was now chelsea
manning because he got tired of Manning
and wanted to start womaning but who
while he was still manning was also tray
during by releasing secret documents
that put america's friends overseas in
mortal danger
Manning may still demand that the
government pay for his sex change
operation which by the way I offered to
do for free until the knife was arrested
from my hand
Obama says before he leaves office he
would like to take yet a few more steps
in keeping with his personal beliefs and
temperament those steps include
releasing Islamic terrorists from
Guantanamo
Bay so they can kill more Americans
driving through London and screaming
Queen Elizabeth is ugly Tooey Tooey
Tooey
sneaking into the lincoln monument and
putting an obama mask on the statue
there and scrawling donald trump is a
stinky head on the walls of the Oval
Office in red crayon when asked whether
he was being a petty petulant
self-obsessed anti-american weasel Obama
had this to say because he's a lame duck
trigger warning
I'm Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Clavin show
a new age now begins this is it I cannot
believe it the next time we meet after
the Clavin this weekend it's gonna be
Obama's click new president it's going
this I'm truely this is going to be an
exciting exciting time
I am excited it will also be a little
uncertain and that's why we keep
peddling Birch gold you because Birch
will help you out by protecting your
investments in cash so you can also have
some investments in gold which
traditionally keeps its value better
than cash especially in troubled and
turbulent times Birch gold brings
physical gold directly to your door will
sell you physical gold and bring it
directly to your door and listen you
don't have to listen to me talk about it
you can get a free 16 page kit will tell
you how gold and silver can protect your
savings and how you can legally move
your IRA or 401k out of risky stocks and
bonds and into a precious metals IRA to
get this no cost no obligations 16-page
kit go to www.codingcertification.org 1k
into an IRA backed by physical gold so
contact Birch gold group right now to
request a free information kit on
physical precious metals a 16-page kit
that you get by going to www.wymt.com
well we're having a good that's the
important thing we can't we can't pay
our rent but we're having President
Obama you remember President Obama he
gave his last press conference yesterday
a little teary-eyed and I'm going to
play you I'm gonna start out by playing
you this very long you know over two
minutes anthology of questions from gray
B and a really good website that puts
these things together this is Obama
tells the press that they are supposed
you know they gave him a tough time they
asked him the tough questions you know
they were skeptical they were tough on
him but that's the way America is
supposed to be and then a selection of
the questions they asked him it's so
amazing I just wanted to play a really
large segment of it you're not supposed
to be sync offense you're supposed to be
skeptics you're supposed to ask me tough
questions an LGBT rights we've seen a
lot of achievements over the past eight
years including signing hate crime
protection legislation torn out stones
he'll repeal marriage equality
nationwide and insuring transfer people
feel visible and accepted how do you
think LGBT rights will rank in terms of
your accomplishments in your life and
how confident are you that progress will
endure or continue part of the
president-elect
you have said that you would come back
to find or the three verse you said that
a couple of weeks ago are you fearful
for the status of those dreamers that
future of the young immigrants and all
immigrants in this country with a new
administration Thank You mr. president
want to ask you about your conversations
with the president-elect where you
needed to use that opportunity to
convince him to take a fresh look and
some of the important ideas that you
will leave this office with maintaining
some semblance of the Affordable Care
Act some idea of keeping dreamers here
in the country without fear of
deportation were you able to use
personal stories to try to convince him
and how successful work thank mr.
president long before today
you've been considered or rights
personal
under your watch people have said that
you have expanded the rubberband of an
infusion and with the election and the
incoming administration before saying
that rubber band has recoiled and maybe
is even broken and I'm taking back to a
time when Air Force one going to Selma
Alabama when you said your job was to
with that what gets over me when it
comes to rights issues on the table and
also what partners you play in fixing
those deaths after in your new life and
I want to assure your family best of
luck in the future
Thank You mr. Trump promise to move the
embassy to Jerusalem he appointed an
ambassador that doesn't believe in a
two-state solution
how old are you are about the US
leadership in the Arab world and beyond
as an honest broker will it ignite a
third intifada
would this even protect Israel and in
that respect you think that you
should've called is written more
accountable oh the least I can do is
give her the last question as president
United States it has been an honor it
has been an honor asking you these tough
questions how how great are your
achievements you know have you what did
you do to Donald could you convince
Donald Trump to preserve the greatness
of your greatness how great is your
greatness is your greatness greater than
other greatness or is this the greatest
greatness that ever has been great you
know I mean these guys these guys are so
sucked into this fantasy that something
remarkable has happened and I ask
anybody any observer any fair observer
to look at this country over the last
eight years has anything remarkable has
this country changed in any remarkable
way that is that it's gonna stay changed
I mean you know the only thing that I
would say which had not really didn't
have that much to do with Obama it was
the court passing the gay marriage right
but that I told you that was coming down
the pike years ago I told people I told
conservatives that we were gonna lose
that battle it must have been 10 15
years ago and I told them that they
basically was the one thing the left was
right about gay people should be left
alone but
you know it's amazing and these are just
just to remember how wise these people
are how much these people know about the
world let's remember how these this
press corps reacted when Donald Trump
announced his presidency let's have an
anthology of that The Daily News
considers Trump a clown
the New York Post considers Trump a rich
guy who could make it to the White House
I do not hate Donald Trump but I do not
take him seriously I thought you know
everything that was garish and
ridiculous about him was fully on
display unconventional well people who
love and love it yeah but will it get
him anywhere close to becoming the
nominee or the president United States I
think not I think there is a vein for
him to tap and he's going to get some
some serious votes he can't win but he
can get a lot of votes while no one
expects Trump to get close to winning
the nomination that doesn't mean that
they're happy he's in I mean this is
this is the problem with Donald Trump
for Republicans of course he's not gonna
win he probably will make the main stage
he'll be one of the top 10 vote getters
just because of name recognition and in
our obsession with stardom the problem
is he's gonna be a flame thrower he has
nothing to lose but he says the most
provocative things like when Mexico
sends its people they're bringing drugs
are bringing crime they're rapists and
some I assume are good people what is
your strategy and how can you how can
you succeed when you say things like
that
well you can't again Gail if the
question is how can you become president
you can't by saying things like that
can we stipulate for the purposes of
this conversation that Donald Trump will
never be President to the United States
see there's nothing wrong with being
wrong nobody can see the future and
we're all wrong sometimes and this was a
Black Swan election and certainly I
never thought when he started running I
never thought he was gonna get anywhere
I remember him saying at one point that
I didn't think he'd win a single primary
the one thing is when you're wrong
you've got it look at what you did well
you got to start to change your mind you
know I keep hearing people saying well
it was humbling but I don't see anybody
getting humble you know I see any pretty
well maybe I should shut up a little bit
back off listen a little bit see where
this guy is going give him a second
chance you know really take another look
at what he did since he wrong-footed me
maybe he deserves kind of respect to see
where he's gonna go with all this but
CNN has a better idea
CNN has a better idea how we should
react we they you know they do we try we
try
the recounts that didn't work we tried
to convince the electrical the electoral
college voters to change their minds
that didn't work we tried to overturn
the electoral college in the Congress
that didn't work but CNN has one last
idea that might work listen to this and
while officials stress there's no
specific credible threat to this
inauguration tonight due to a quirk in
America's rules for succession questions
remain about just who would be in charge
if an attack hit the incoming president
vice president and congressional leaders
just as the transfer of power is under
way here you have a very confusing line
of succession there according to the
Constitution if the President and Vice
President are killed or incapacitated
next in line is the House Speaker then
the president pro tempore of the Senate
but what if something happened to them
at the inauguration too after that it
goes down the list of cabinet
secretaries starting with Secretary of
State on the day of the inauguration as
a precaution a cabinet secretary called
the designated presidential successor
will not attend the inauguration ready
to step in if something happens but it
won't be a Trump cabinet secretary since
none of them have been confirmed yet it
will be an Obama appointee that's it
that's it why didn't we think of this
before we just kill everybody if we just
kill it right then Kiefer Sutherland
becomes president and heaves Obama point
you know sure we got to kill Obama and
Biden too but you know you know CNN it's
for CNN is concerned they did their job
you know it's like now they can be this
these guys well you know the reason is
is the media you know we keep saying the
media's on the side of the left that's
true the media is left but it's also
globalist you know and when I use the
word globalist I mean like this song is
some big conspiracy it's two different
visions of the world there's a vision of
the world in which we're is collection
of nation-states and competition with
each other in terms of not just in terms
of economics but also in terms of
culture in terms of belief we have to
examine our our core beliefs examine the
sources of our core beliefs cling to
them go you know when we go astray from
them come back to them argue about them
you know part of the glory of the West
is being self-critical by the way I
would you know I mean one of the reasons
I'm not a fists thumper you know I'm not
a guy who's always shouting
because I think part of being
self-critical is part of the glory of
the West but you know the other side of
this is this kind of global vision where
unelected bureaucrats and experts are
going to tell us all how well this is
going to go they're gonna run our lives
for us and then when you say it's not
working you know when you say it's not
working they're stunned you know it's
kind of like all week long we've been
talking about the fact that the kind of
the kind of wall of black support for
the Democrats is kind of crumbling
around Trump I mean I think I think
there are a lot of people who realize
that that you know Obama was inspiring
they loved having him in there and all
this great guy in the hole but they
didn't get anything their neighborhoods
still stink and these policies don't
work and I think a lot of these people
they know Trump you know they understand
Trump he is he is a down-to-earth person
speaking English they get it they
understand who this guy is and they
don't hate him as much as the left keeps
telling them they're supposed to so you
know all the left ever does is all
blacks they're victims it's terrible
it's tears are so awful your life is so
you can't do anything for yourself and
then Donald Trump gets up and says look
your life is awful under Democrats what
have you got to lose by changing back
and they said what a terrible thing to
say what a terrible thing that we
remember really Clinton you know how can
you say that when there's so vibrant you
know there's so what are you talking
about what it's like like an island
nation you know what the people the
people are dancing and singing you know
these people are blowing each other
pieces and it stinks and it's those
policies those left-wing expert policies
that don't work we gotta say goodbye to
Facebook and to YouTube but come to the
Daily wire calm you can listen to the
rest subscribe to The Daily wire calm
and you don't have to bounce around like
this like some itinerant with no home
you can just stay and watch the whole
thing
on the website and also send your
questions into the mailbag
