you know what I hate hoverboards you
know why I hate them they don't hover
why do they call them hoverboards if
they just roll around if I sold you a
flying car and all it did was drive down
the street like any other car wouldn't
you come to me and say this is not a
flying car because it doesn't fly now
give me my money back or I'm going to
hit you over the head with this stupid
non hovering rolling board I mean if a
man put on a dress and had breast
implants would you call him a woman
wouldn't you just call him a
strangely-shaped man and a dress and
what if he was on a hoverboard would he
suddenly become a woman flying around
wouldn't he just be a dressed up man
with silicon in his chest standing on a
wheeled board in the women's bathroom
making all the real women uncomfortable
by rolling around shouting look at me
I'm hovering and I'm also a woman or
let's say there was a religion and let's
say almost every terrorist on earth
practiced this religion and let's say
almost every war on earth involved this
religion and let's say almost every
country where most of the people had
this religion was plagued by violence
would you call that the religion of
peace of course not if a man from that
religion who was strapped with dynamite
came up to you on a hoverboard and said
hi I'm a man hovering off the ground
from the religion of peace wouldn't you
run for your life because not one word
he said was true plus he was strapped
with dynamite you bet you would or think
about this if a highly paid engineer
loses his job and after months of
searching he finally finds a menial job
working one hour a week for $20 the US
Bureau of Labor Statistics says
congratulations that man is employed
then the unemployment rate goes down and
Barack Obama says look I brought down
the unemployment rate I'm a great
president and by the way I'm floating
above the ground on my hoverboard would
you call that engineer employed would
you call that low employment rate would
you call that President great what would
you say if that's employment then I am
the queen of Romania flying on my
hoverboard and swallowing prescription
opiates by the handful because I'm
making $20 a week and when you look
around at a country whether president
passes laws without Congress where
unelected bureaucrats can tell me
whether I can cut down a tree in my own
yard or if I have to bake a cake for a
wedding I don't agree with and where
anyone who is not in favor of those
things as shouted down and knocked off
social media would you call that country
America would you call it
stinky Obama Vil or nasty Washington
land or stupid elite world I know what
I'd call it I call it hoverboard nation
and I'm looking forward to coming back
down to earth
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
