Barack Obama's farewell address began
last night and by now it may well be
over and you know it made me think a lot
of times over the years I've made fun of
Obama as a sissified anti-american
narcissus no nothing whose ignorance of
the way life works is matched only the
by the Titanic arrogance of his
delusional self-importance which masks
an essential weakness and lack of
fortitude that makes him seem less like
a powerful world leader and more like a
whining sniveling little girl it wasn't
invited to her popular friend's birthday
party sorry my mind drifted back to
Barack Obama I've made fun of them a lot
over the years as a gormless left this
buffoon who was being mindlessly cheered
on by a group of media and academic
elites who when asked to locate their
buttocks with two hands and a flashlight
quickly asked to be excused and then ran
away but now the Obama administration is
coming to an end and as we helplessly
weep in gratitude I feel it's time to
soften our tone a little time to
overlook some of those all too human
flaws that sometimes made Obama's
presence feel something like a cross
between a herpes sore and shingles and
instead we should take a more generous
look at some of the accomplishments for
which this administration will be
remembered long after it's completely
forgotten you might not recall it now
except for the fact that Obama is
constantly reminding you but when the
president first took office this country
was in the depths of one of the worst
crises since the Great Depression the
Democrat policy of forcing banks to make
home loans to people who couldn't repay
them had sent our economy spiraling crap
words and Obama saved the day by bailing
out irresponsible institutions and
funneling cheap money into wall street
while saddling job creators with
suffocating regulations that ensured
only the wealthy would prosper while the
poor became mired in dependency and the
middle class virtually disappeared now
some of you may say well wait all he did
was prop up fat cats while mortgaging
our children's future the debt and
inflation but speaking personally my
children have always kind of annoyed me
and if they're saddled by massive debt
and inflation I'll be gone anyway so
tough and what about the world stage
when Obama took office the Russian
threat had been largely contained in the
Middle East was subsiding into peace
after years of warfare let's face it it
was boring
there's nothing to talk about and our
soldiers we're just sitting around
playing video games wasting their time
but happily thanks to obama the world is
once again completely in flames and that
means there'll be lots more of those
wonderful YouTube videos of military men
and women surprising their families by
coming home unexpectedly from the
intolerable hell of war I love those
videos they choked me up so really when
you think about it Obama has done a lot
to this country and its with grateful
hearts that we say to him farewell and
stay out trigger warning I'm Andrew
Klavan and this is the Andrew Klavan
show see top see no rebel does if it
easy it's so wonderful array rights
mailbag day well yes that means that i
will be answering all your questions
changing your life turning everything
around from the miserable situation
you're in right now and if you are
subscriber to the daily wire com you can
send in questions as i speak and i'll
even answer those off the top of my head
which will probably ruin your life but
you know that's that will be okay too
that'll be different too i said but
first we have to welcome a new sponsor
this is a good one blue apron yeah i
know this is that this is a this is LA
and LA blue apron is now like blowing up
like crazy I'm going to be on have you
tried it because I have just signed up
for it it hasn't arrived yet but I'm
waiting this is a deal way they send you
what they send you a different meal
every night fresh ingredients right
everything you need to make Neil it's
gourmet it's gourmet meeting i know i
thought i'm i am waiting you gotta cook
it but it only takes about 30 to 40
minutes it's only ten dollars a person
utterly fresh ingredients you get a lot
of variety get new recipes each week and
they don't even repeat over the course
of a year so you'll never have the same
dish if you don't want it it's flexible
you can customize your recipes each week
based on your preferences
blue apron also has several delivery
options it's guaranteed the freshness is
guaranteed and they promise that every
ingredient in your delivery arrives
ready to cook or they'll make it right
and here's the other thing if you are
listening to the sound of my voice you
poor son of it if you are listening to
the sound of my voice you can test this
out for free you can check out this
week's menu and get your first 3 meals
free with free shipping by going to blue
apron com / Andrew that's blue apron com
/ Andrew you will love how good it feels
and tastes to create incredible
home-cooked meals with blue apron so
don't wait go to blue apron com / Andrew
and test it out for free really is it I
mean everybody in la is doing this I
know that's terrific alright so so much
stuff is going on it's overwhelming
we've got the Sex Lies and Russian spies
Trump is giving a a presser as we speak
Rex Tillerson the is picked for
Secretary of State is under the gun
being questioned in the Senate as we
speak there is this huge story that
broke yesterday I mean it's so it's a
weird story but it's a disturbing one as
well that CNN released a story that all
the news media has had and it has been
kind of going around everybody's heard
the rumors of the about it that in the
briefing with Trump last week the
intelligence chiefs gave him all this
you know information about the Russian
hacking and Russian interference and
some of them were there was two pages of
uncorroborated reports from a basically
a private eye who used to be in the
intelligence community of British guy
used to be in the intelligence community
community who had had uncorroborated
Oppo research and was being paid by the
opposition to get Trump right and he had
Abba research that the Russians had
compromising intelligence on Trump that
they could use to blackmail him and that
and that somebody in his campaign might
have been collaborating with the
Russians on their attacks on Hillary
Clinton none of this has been
corroborated nobody else was running it
CNN ran it with this breathless as if
you know nobody had heard about it of
or instead of just exercising
journalistic integrity buzzfeed then
published the documents okay so this is
this is the thing and just to get to the
salacious stuff first because we don't
want to leave you hanging you know part
of it was that Trump had gone to a
Russian hotel and hung out with russian
hookers who part of the rumor was that
he had paid them to watch them urinate
on each other and all this and I
personally am absolutely delighted to
hear that there is some sexual
perversion that the left doesn't approve
of because almost the time if you're a
man who thinks he's a woman sleeping
with a child who says he's an animal you
know President Obama will issue an
executive order saying you have to be
allowed to sleep in the barn yeah if the
whole chump is watching a weird sex show
then that's a problem but you know again
totally totally unsubstantiated the
Trump addresses this in his presser and
I haven't heard these clips yet so I'm
going to be hearing them with you
because it's happening right now but
what did he have to say about all this
these meetings as you know are
confidential classified so I'm not
allowed to talk about what went on in a
meeting but we had many witnesses in
that meeting many of them with us and I
will say again I think it's a disgrace
that information would be let out I saw
the information I read the information
outside of that meeting it's all fake
news it's phony stuff it didn't happen
and it was gotten by opponents of ours
as you know because you reported it and
so did many of the other people it was a
group of opponents that got together
sick people and they put that crap
together so i will tell you that not
within the meeting but outside of the
meeting somebody released it it should
never have been number one shouldn't
have even entered paper but it should
never have been released but i read what
was released and i think it's a disgrace
i think it's an absolute disgraced okay
so let's let's address we have to
address this from several different
angles i should add by the way that part
of this report was that like Trump a
trump advisor named michael cohen i
think his name was it was a lawyer
went to Prague and met with the Russians
all this in Cohen tweeted out his
passport which writes Priebus says he
has paged through and he says he has
never been to Prague in his life and
that should be easy that's that's the
kind of lie you tell that's that would
be too easy to check let's there a
number of ways this is extremely
disturbing okay one of them is we have
to start with the media I mean the New
York Times a for it it's only a former
newspaper The New York Times and they
wouldn't run this stuff because you can
anybody can say anything about anyone
right you can see anything about anyone
I can tell people that you went out and
you know hired hookers to do whatever I
can say anything if you were a reporter
you have to get this stuff corroborated
and the times has been trying to
corroborate it hasn't been able to the
CIA has tried to corroborate it hasn't
been able to as a question James Comey
won't answer the question of whether the
FBI has looked into it or is looking
into it there was some report that they
issued they tried to get a warrant to
look at some of trumps computers that
warrant with FISA warrant was turned
down but they have gotten one guy
they're looking into or something like
this this is not something that you run
I mean think about if you ever saw the
movie All the President's Men think
about the kind of care they took you
know you haven't got this story you got
to get another you got to get a named
source you haven't got it you haven't
got it this is trash reporting it is
trash journalism I'm not letting Trump
off the hook i'm going to get to that in
just a minute but this is trash
reporting and listen to what Ben Smith
the guy who runs BuzzFeed listen to what
he says for a minute he says our
presumption is to be Trant this is their
publishing this document right and again
i can write a document like this about
anyone of you anybody was listening i
can write this document bout any one of
you and ben smith can put it on BuzzFeed
okay and he says our presumption is to
be transparent in our journalism and to
share what we have with our readers we
have always erred on the side of
publishing in this case the document was
in wide circulation of the highest
levels of American government and media
it seems to lie behind a set of vague
allegations from the Senate Majority
Leader to the director of the FBI and a
report that intelligence agencies have
delivered to the president and president
elect as we noted in our story there are
serious reason to doubt the allegations
publishing this document was not an easy
or simple call and people of goodwill
made
disagree with our choice but it's
reflects how we see our job with
reporter as reporters and basically he
went on to say that he wanted people us
to be able to see the documents we could
make up our own mind and think about the
absurdity of that how are you supposed
to make up your own mind what
intelligence sources do you have that's
their job their job is that you can make
sure that something they're saying has
waited sources behind it waiting source
they can't always tell whether it's true
but you have got to have you know this
is just a document of Oppo research and
it is just appalling that the entire ump
hysteria has reached this level that
people would degrade themselves
especially at CNN that you know which is
supposed to be the most trusted name in
news is they always called themselves
you know it is appalling that the press
would run with a story like this and
make it breathless while these hearings
are going on it's all it is all very
suspicious timing now let's talk about
the weather or not Trump is a Russian
spy his Keith Olbermann has been saying
all right you know my question is what
would he do if he were a Russian spy
would he for instance let the Russians
get undue influence in Syria and make
sure that the the Iran I mean and make
sure that the Iranians were getting
uranium's the Iranians were getting
uranium sounds I got Danny Kaye routine
the Iranians were getting uranium to be
able to make nuclei mean Obama has done
all that stuff Obama has let the
Russians walk all over him so you know
there is this question about Trump's
flattering talk about Vladimir Putin we
heard this flattering talk from George W
Bush remember I looked into his soul
which must have been a very very ugly
experience we got it from Barack Obama
we're going to reset our relationships
with the Russians and now we get it from
Donald Trump who is basically saying I
want good relations with the Russians
here he is it the presser today likes
Donald Trump I consider that an asset
not a liability because we have a
horrible relationship with Russia Russia
can help us fight Isis which by the way
is number one tricky I mean if you look
this administration created Isis by
leaving at the wrong time
the void was created Isis was formed if
Putin likes Donald Trump guess what
folks that's called an asset not a
liability now I don't know that I'm
going to get along with Vladimir Putin I
hope I do but there's a good chance I
won't and if I don't do you honestly
believe that Hillary would be tougher
when Putin than me does anybody in this
room really believe that give me a break
it was pretty good response and then the
president of President Obama himself
weighed in on this too cuz he's a lame
duck yeah now Rex Tillerson who is
obviously was the CEO of Exxon Mobil and
is now under the gun in the Senate being
questioned he has done a lot of business
with Russia and they're questioning him
on whether he's going to be soft with
Russia here is Marco Rubio a real Hawk
giving you to him pretty solidly his
vitami route in the war criminal I would
not use that term well let me describe
the situation in Aleppo and perhaps that
will help you reach that conclusion in
Aleppo mr. Putin has directed his
military to conduct a devastating
campaign he's targeted schools mark it's
not just assisted the Syrians in doing
it his military has targeted schools and
markets and other civilian
infrastructure it's resulted in the
death of thousands of civilians this is
not the first time mr. Putin is involved
in campaigns of this kind and what's
publicly in the record about what's
happened in aleppo on the Russian
military you are still not prepared to
say that Vladimir Putin his military
have violated the rules of war and have
conducted war crimes in Aleppo those are
very very serious charges to make and I
would want to have much more information
before reaching a conclusion I
understand there is a body of record in
the public domain I'm sure there's a
body of record in the classified domain
and I think in order in order to deal
with a serious question like this
citizen power level is in the pub by
between the videos in the pictures of
the only inform before advising the
president well I encourage you there's
so much of it there is so much
information out there
what's happening in the local leaving
the Chechen issue aside what happened
there is clearly documented as well
there's so much information out there it
should not be hard to say the Vladimir
Putin's military has conducted war
crimes in Aleppo because it is never
acceptable you would agree for a
military to specifically target
civilians which is what's happened there
through the Russian military and you
know I find it discouraging your
inability to cite that which i think is
globally accepted all right I'm gonna
pack this in just a minute I got to say
goodbye to Facebook and YouTube but we
got the mailbag coming up so come over
to the daily wire calm subscribe and you
can ask questions as I speak
