so meryl streep is the great goddess of
hollywood everyone worships at the altar
of meryl streep I've never been a
particularly big Meryl Streep fan I
think early in her career she was really
good and then later in her career she's
gotten very mannered and you can see the
gears turning all the time and you're
always kind of watching going wow she's
really good at crying you know you never
get to the point where like wow I really
feel emotionally affected by her tears
it's always like wow she was great when
she cried wasn't she that was really
awesome
in any case not a critique of Meryl
Streep's acting skills as much as a
critique of what she said to last night
she she does this speech and her entire
speech it's a Lifetime Achievement Award
and it took a lifetime for her to give
the speech which he goes up there with
cue cards and she rips on Donald Trump
for basically about three and a half
minutes four minutes and we will go
through it because I think it is
important to note why Americans are
angry at this no let me say she has
every right to do this she has every
right to do this to free country I don't
think that anybody should be SuperDuper
crazy upset about the fact that an
actress in lefty Hollywood gave a lefty
Hollywood address to a bunch of other
Hollywood lefties I think it's absurd
that the left went what wouldn't act of
heroism what here was it's always
amazing for the left heroism amounts to
saying stuff they agree with a normaly
heroism is bravery in the face of
adversity
that's a pretty good general definition
in order for that to happen there needs
to be some adversity there's not a lot
of adversity in a Hollywood crowd of
people precisely two of whom in that
entire crowd voted for Trump is like
Vince Vaughn and Mel Gibson right that's
it the entire crowd but but she
obviously is the bravest woman who ever
lived because she said something in
front of a bunch of other Hollywood
celebrities while wearing a $12,000
inhale and having her hair done and
making lots of money to be in movies
like Florence Foster Jenkins which no
one have ever seen so here is Meryl
Streep last night at the Golden Globes
going off um thank you Hollywood Foreign
Press just to pick up on you what Hugh
Laurie said you and all of us in this
room really belonged to the most
vilified segments in American society
right now think about it
Hollywood foreigners and the press
it's personal to Lori has to be sitting
there right now and I love I love
whenever they have the cutaway shots of
other adoring actors who they all hate
each other they hate each other and they
all go to the shots I love Meryl god I
wish you were dead I mean that's what
all the faces are always in the audience
at these at these events but Hugh Laurie
has to be steaming it was my joke first
or it was my joke first and but in any
case she goes on like this first of all
quick note and then we'll go to break
that is that that she says there that
Hollywood foreigners and the press are
the most vilified people in America they
spent the entire night ripping on the
people who live in flyover country it
spent the entire night ripping on the
rubes who voted for Donald Trump or
didn't vote for Hillary Clinton the
entire night yes you're right I'm sure
that you are so vilified people hate you
so much Meryl Streep what a victim you
are oh poor baby
and the idea the press is vilified yeah
the press is vilified I'm part of the
press it turns out that a lot of the
time we deserve the vilification
sometimes we get it wrong sometimes we
fib sometimes we lie and we deserve that
but the idea that being vilified is the
end of the world
look you guys vilify Trump at every
opportunity so if we're gonna talk just
if you're gonna dish it out you got to
take it a little bit and this whole war
victims because people are mean to us
routine gets a little old when everybody
in this room could buy the entire rest
of America three times over it's a
little bit galling to hear these these
these limousine socialists talking about
how vilified they are how rough it is
for them
Meryl Streep continues along these lines
and she feels the need to talk about how
Donald Trump is just the worst thing
that ever was and just drone on about it
here she is but who are we and you know
what is Hollywood anyway it's just a
bunch of people from other places I was
born and raised and educated in the
public schools of New Jersey Viola was
born in a sharecroppers cabin in South
Carolina came up in Central Falls Rhode
Island Sarah Paulson was born in Florida
raised by a single mom in Brooklyn Sarah
Jessica Parker was one of seven or eight
kids from Ohio Amy Adams was born in
Vicenza Bennett
Oh Italy and Natalie Portman was born in
Jerusalem where are their birth
certificates what are they running for
president and this network also notice
for a second concert and the beautiful
ruth negga was born why level Meryl
Streep says that Natalie Portman was
born in Jerusalem doesn't said she was
born in Jerusalem Israel right because
she's lefty so she can never say she was
born in Jerusalem Israel but again I
don't understand what makes you a
foreigner about being born in New Jersey
or Brooklyn or in a sharecroppers house
in the south that means you were born
here but continued on doddering old lady
born in Addis Ababa Ethiopia raised in
lon in are we gonna get to know Ireland
I didn't hear one and she's here
nominated for playing a small-town girl
from Virginia ryan gosling like all the
nicest people is Canadian and Dev Patel
was born in Kenya raised in London is
here for playing an Indian good news in
Tasmania miss Vetra you're showing every
spiders and their foreigners and if we
kick them all out you'll have nothing to
watch but football and mixed martial
arts which are not the Arts
yeah we hate football
mixed martial arts suckers okay pause
right there these are the vilified
people right all these people who are
cheering each other these are the
vilified look what bravery I mean can't
you see how she's fending off the
protesters who are going up there to
pummel her
oh wait that's not happening that's not
bravery it's just her saying things to a
bunch of people who cheer her and
approve oh yeah there's that but I do
love the idea that these are the most
vilified people on earth and then she's
and then she immediately feels the
necessity to rip into football on the
MMA which are only the two most popular
sports in America right now and all
likelihood is she like there there are
some people who watch those things and
there are some of us who think by the
way that you know not to not to rip on
anybody who was nominated this year but
there are some people who think that
LeBron James is a better actor than Ben
Affleck at least when he's faking fouls
in any case he of Meryl Streep continues
they gave me three seconds to say this
so an actor's only job is to enter the
lives of people who are different from
us and let you feel what that feels like
and there were many many many powerful
performances this year that did exactly
that
breathtaking compassionate work but
there was one performance this year that
stunned me
it sank its hooks in my heart not
because it was good it was there was
nothing good about it but it was
effective and it did its job
it made its intended audience laugh and
show their teeth it was that moment when
the person asking to sit in the most
respected seat in our country imitated a
disabled reporter someone he outranked
in privileged power and the capacity to
fight back it it kind of broke my heart
when I saw it I still can't get it out
of my head because it wasn't in a movie
it was real life and this instinct to
humiliate when it's modeled by someone
in the public platform
by someone powerful it filters down into
everybody's life because it kind of
gives permission for other people to do
the same thing
disrespect invites disrespect violence
incites violence when the powerful use
their position to bully others we all
lose okay we stop it there so in any
case she goes on like this she goes on
like this I you know I want to point out
that she does say right there that the
job of the actor is to act and then she
gets up in lectures us on morality which
is really kind of a little bit beyond
her beyond her borders but you know she
has every right to do that and I don't
think that she's wrong when she ripped
when she rips you know Trump saying this
stuff about disabled reporters I will
say she's a bit of a hypocrite
this is a lady who has obviously had no
problem with people like Roman Polanski
here's video do we have the picture of
Streep applauding Polanski from 2003
here is Roman Polanski winning an Oscar
in 2003 the not not alleged convicted
rapist of a 14 year old girl 13 year old
girl and here is a Meryl Streep you'll
see here in the audience they asked her
goes for Roman Polanski
and there was Meryl Streep in background
you can see her right there in the
background for Roman Polanski just
really you know this is a busy lady who
obviously has very high standards with
regard to the sorts of people with whom
she will associate
you
