the Senate is scheduled to hold hearings
on as many as seven of Donald Trump's
cabinet picks this week Senate Democrats
are planning to do everything they can
to obstruct those appointments just the
same as Senate Republicans did when they
confirm ten of Obama's cabinet picks in
his first week nine of those
confirmations by voice vote so it'll be
just the same except the opposite and
remember how the news media college
professors celebrities and other
Democrat hacks warned Republicans they
would be accused of prejudice against
black people if they opposed Obama well
that's the same now too and that some
guy wandering K Street with a grocery
cart full of empty bottles is accusing
Democrats of being prejudiced against
orange people Democrats have responded
that Trump isn't an authentic orange
person but only a Dreamsicle who is
orange on the outside but white on the
inside and therefore he can be opposed
without the sort of anti orange bigotry
that has plagued this country since
Johnny orange seed was forced to change
his name up on the Senate's schedule for
appointment hearings as Rex Tillerson
Trump's choice for Secretary of State
according to the Trump team Tillerson is
the former CEO of ExxonMobil the second
largest company in the world with an
economy bigger than Ireland's and this
has prepared him to do Secretary of
State like things like drinking tea with
Arab guys and then having them
assassinated Senate Democrat leader
Chuck Schumer responds that Tillerson x'
dealings with russia clearly show beyond
a shadow of a doubt that he's an agent
of SMERSH and therefore an obvious
incompetent since SMERSH has been trying
to kill James Bond for years and yet
he's still alive even though the
franchise hasn't been any good since
Sean Connery left Donald Trump responded
with a tweet calling Schumer a clown
Schumer said Trump should stop the
name-calling where he'd squirt him in
the face with the giant plastic flower
in his oversized lapel another
appointment up for approval is Jeff
Sessions Trump's choice for attorney
general the Trump team points out that
sessions has been a senator from Alabama
for twenty years and was formerly a US
attorney and state attorney general so
like what's the problem but Senate
Democrats say that sessions was denied a
federal judgeship in the 1980s when they
slandered him as a racist even though he
helped desegregate schools and prosecute
the Ku Klux Klan literally into the
ground
Senator Schumer says it's only right
that
slander should now be dredged up and
reported as truth by the media so that
half inform protesters can scream
hysterically about them and ignorant
celebrities can make videos in which
they keep repeating themselves Trump
responded by saying Schumer was not just
a clown but the chief clown Schumer
struck back by trying to kick Trump with
his gigantic floppy shoes whatever
happens this week you can be sure that
the Andrew Clavin show will be here to
transform these confirmation hearings
into a hilarious satiric parody of
government dishonesty and dysfunction
which gives me possibly the easiest job
in America trigger warning I'm Andrew
Clavin and this is the Andrew
a little hunky-dunky glitch in our
tickety-boo there have a little hitch in
my tickety-boo
you know the reason that the only reason
that happens is of course we're staffed
with complete incompetence drunks and
drug addicts and even there do Wells and
if you don't want that to happen to you
we have the perfect business for you
you've got to get in touch with zip
recruiter because posting see if you
post your job in one place it's not
enough to find quality candidates you
get people like this if you want find
the perfect hire you need to post your
job on all the top job sites and now you
can with zip recruiter you can
jump-start your hiring in 2017 post your
job to 200 plus job sites including
social media networks like Facebook and
Twitter all with a single click you can
find candidates in any city or industry
nationwide just post it once and watch
your qualified candidates roll into zip
recruiters easy to use interface no
juggling emails or calls to your office
quickly screen candidates rate them and
hire the right person fast you can find
out today why zip recruiter has been
used by over 1 million businesses and
right now if you're listening to the
show or watching the show you can post
jobs on zip recruiter for free that is
zero dollars by going to zip recruiter
dot-com
sorry zip recruiter comm slash daily
wire that's a zip recruiter dot-com
slash daily wire one more time try it
for free at SIP recruiter dot-com
slash daily Wire look at my staff don't
let this happen to you go to zip
recruiter it's all Hollywood today we
have the golden globe multiple golden
globe-winning cultural reporter Michael
Knowles is here I do want to mention
that when I say he has multiple Golden
Globes at the Golden Globes over the
pawn shop next to his house have been
missing for weeks oh I'm not sure it's
the same Golden Globes that we were
doing it but we sent we sent our
cultural reporter Michael Knowles to the
golden globe show on his TV set and
and it turned out to be the big news of
the day because of what went on so can
we bring now I just want to show you I
just want to show you that a wonderful
white tuxedo he has this is Ryan Gosling
last night before he went drinking with
Michael Knowles okay do we have a
picture of okay it's up okay and this is
Ryan Gosling after he went drinking with
Michael Knowles excellent so so you were
there I assume you've just gotten back
from all-nighters of Hollywood party
sleeping with starlets of both genders
and oh absolutely and you know one of
your Twitter fans actually suggested
when you announced that I would be
watching the Golden Globes
on everyone's behalf they suggested a
drinking game which is where it whenever
someone makes a joke about Donald Trump
you take a shot which is why I won the
golden for cirrhosis of the liver that
would be a fatal so what what was your
jet we know that Meryl Streep is the big
story but what was what was your general
impression of the awards
well my general impression was just how
in touch with America straight to the
heart of Middle America from LA you know
the first three jokes of the show were
Donald Trump jokes really yes and five
of the first seven jokes of the show
were Donald Trump jokes and I get that
Donald Trump is sort of made for
late-night jogs and award show jokes but
they were so lazy
they were so there but were they see now
I mean obviously real men were watching
football yesterday actually watching the
show but were they were they mean jokes
were they like teasing or was it really
going for the jugular well
because the left has no sense of humor
whatsoever in general but certainly
about this election yeah the jokes
aren't that funny they're just sort of
sad and mean-spirited but not they're
not even punchy you know they don't even
have a real edge to them the only good
joke I thought was Hugh Laurie's which
is that this would be the last Golden
Globes we do we have that clip
I suppose made more amazing by the fact
that I'll be able to say I won this at
the last ever Golden Globes I don't I
don't mean to be gloomy it's just it has
the words Hollywood Foreign Press in the
title you know here is one thing that I
noticed and I think this is actually
culturally important that the two
winners they give they give movie TV
awards and they give two different
movies right it's for drama and comedy
so they so they have the drama winner
was moonlight about a gay black guy in
the project so you know that that's
gonna win everything right yeah I mean
that's kind of basically got it's
written on it as far as I can tell
every single person who watched
moonlight was actually in moon I mean
it's like a cast and crew you know
that's that's what Hollywood is moving
toward they're moving toward movies
where only the cast and crew watch the
movie and then give each other awards I
mean that's kind of so they this
completely culturally irrelevant film
right I had never this is not a joke I
hadn't heard of the movie like we was
watching the Golden Globes I have the
screener and it's excellent because it's
keeping the little ring my coffee mugs
and making little rings on my table
I'm not running it down I'm sure it's
good I was I made this point about
Manchester by the sea as well that these
are I feel like I'm at Versailles when
I'm watching these films I feel like
it's wonderful that we have this high
colour that nobody else does right you
know your highness there's a mob outside
instead of watching a movie now that
nobody else has seen and it's you know
it's just so elitist and so and the
other movie that they give it to is
la-la-land which is a celebration of a
Hollywood that no longer exists and one
of the things that really got me about
la-la-land is we're supposed to really
care about this woman's desire to be a
movie star so that she can have her face
on a big poster while her baby is taken
care of by a nanny I mean and that and
that scene in that movie I just sat
there and I thought you know this is
shallow
she's a shallow that she's a shallow
person with shallow dreams about an
industry that no longer mad
I mean that's that's kind of the way I
feel there's a stink of cultural
irrelevance but so absurd as if lala
land was gonna win all of those awards
why not give it to the good version of
lala land which is hail Caeser true
totally true because that's too much
truth in Hail Caesar do it alright so
let's get to the Meryl Streep no sono
Meryl Streep gets up and she wasn't in a
movie right she just went some kind of
so she won so she's won eight Golden
Globes before she won three Academy
Awards she's been nominated for I think
a hundred million of each and we've seen
her a lot at these award shows and you
knew you were in for a treat because I
think was last year's Oscars Patricia
Arquette or somebody gave a speech about
how we need to end the wage gap between
men and women and Meryl Streep is
hollering and shouting Meryl Streep
who's worth undoing you knew you were in
for it and then she wins the Lifetime
Achievement Award at the Golden Globes
and she did not disappoint
okay so let's hear let's hear a Meryl
Streep cut but there was one performance
this year that stunned me it sank its
hooks in my heart not because it was
good it was there was nothing good about
it but it was effective and it did its
job
it made its intended audience laugh and
show their teeth it was that moment when
the person asking to sit in the most
respected seat in our country imitated a
disabled reporter someone he outranked
in privileged power and the capacity to
fight back disrespect invites disrespect
violence incites violence when the
powerful use their position to bully
others we all lose wait a minute what's
Meryl Streep if not the powerful using
first of all let's let us just take a
look you know I have scored Donald Trump
I've hit Donald Trump for being a bully
occasionally when he has you know when
he said nasty things to people in the
debate stage but this thing about the
reporter is a canard you know I let's
look at we have
we have pictures of Donald Trump making
the same joke about that half a dozen
other people just play that that role of
Trump insulting people and we'll get
some of these regulators out of the bank
so you can borrow and you can help
because you know the banks the banks now
they can't do anything they're run by
the regular in all fairness to the banks
that are run by the regulator's when you
see the president of the bank I
mentioned the word regulators yeah these
guys come in they run the banks and I
watch the general recently on television
and they said to him what do you think
about Isis aw I'm so sorry Tom I'm
saying first of all why is it general
intelligent want my generals on
television I heard Ted's a good debater
I said he is a good debater but he can't
talk okay bad talker it's good to better
bad talker so he's over here they asked
him about waterboarding they said
senator Cruz what do you think of
waterboarding I don't want to talk about
it you know he didn't he didn't want to
talk about water buddy because to catch
your fairy tale and I'm sending myself
there chopping off heads he doesn't want
to talk about water buddy instead of
talking about northern New Jersey draws
the probers on my nice report another
book
that's his imitation if somebody caught
out in a lie or caught you know looking
being cowardly or something like that
that's what he thought had nothing to do
with the fact that the reporter was
disabled
it's a canard and it wouldn't matter if
it was a canard except they do the same
thing with homosexuality Trump is Trump
maybe the most Pro gay person ever to be
elected president remember Barack Obama
was not in with the gay agenda when he
was elected he was saying he was against
gay marriage Trump could come to New
Yorker he's like me we don't care we
grew up in a circus you know so we don't
care like people come in they were
dressed different ways though guys
dressed like women women dress like it's
New York you know that world that's the
way the world looks to us he doesn't
care but they hit him on this that he's
anti-gay in some way just completely
untrue and it's just you know Tim Allen
made this point he was talking to megyn
kelly Tim Allen has a show nobody ever
hears about it's a hit but nobody ever
hears about it because he plays a
conservative on it and he made this he
said all his writers are liberals and
when they go to make a joke about Donald
Trump you know they go to make a joke
let him save himself what I find odd in
Hollywood is that they didn't like Trump
because he was a bully but if you side
if you had any kind of inkling that you
were for Trump you got bullied for doing
that and that's where this it gets a
little hypocritical to me is that you
can now bully people and you're always
on the defense with this but mostly what
I'm finding is there's no source
material for comedians like if I want to
find a joke on the show we go upriver to
find the the joke and there's no like
this he was against homosexuals somehow
and I said what do you wear whoever said
that and he didn't he wave the flag at
the canoe the convention he had the LBGT
flag and I said that was an unusual
gotta be with Mike Pence on that but
Donald Trump would it will so alright we
got to say goodbye to Facebook and
YouTube but come on over to the Daily
wire calm and you can listen to the rest
of the show if you subscribe you can
watch the show on the site and send your
questions into the mailbag you can also
watch Benjamins
today's yeah Ben is back so we you can
also watch ben shapiro he must have
something to say about something you
know alright yeah we'll be right back
