as the hurly-burly of political life
returns to Washington DC many of you may
be wondering what's Hillary Clinton up
to how she occupying her time now that
the election is over and she's lost to a
rank amateur with funny orange hair who
said enough outrageous things to end the
careers of 15 other politicians but
instead only ended her career sending
her into a well-deserved oblivion that
left her questioning why she had allowed
her husband to cheat on her and publicly
humiliate her all those years because
she thought her marriage was her best
path to the White House when it turned
out only to be her best path to being
cheated on and humiliated and then
kicked to the curb like the old crumpled
tin can which he's actually come to
resemble if you look at her from just
the right angle so that you might find
yourself suddenly saying hey wait that's
not a crumpled old tin can that's just
what Hillary Clinton looks like now that
she's been rejected by the nation whose
public offices she ruthlessly peddled in
exchange for cash wait I forgot the
subject oh yeah
many of you may be wondering what's
Hillary Clinton doing now okay
maybe not many of you but some of you a
few of you okay no one's wondering but
the point is I think as human beings we
can all open our hearts to Hillary and
sympathize with the fact that it's
painful when your career ends in a
ruinous shambles that stands as a rebuke
not just to your political philosophies
but to your behavior your personality
and your painfully obvious greed and
hunger for power not to mention your
fashion sense and your hideous
screeching voice and you the public
might want to know how a person recovers
from such a setback and learns to live
again in hope and joy before ultimately
dying in bitterness and obscurity well
you'll be happy to know that Hillary is
beginning to break out of the initial
depression that caused her to lock
herself in the cramped hour room of her
gothic Chappaqua mansion and screamed
Donald Trump's name to the indifferent
heavens at the top of her lungs she now
gets out and regularly takes brisk walks
through the woods along with three men
in white suits who routinely take the
matches and gasoline cans away from her
she sometimes enjoys a day trip to New
York City and often visits Trump Tower
where she's fondly known as the
shrieking bag lady and of course she
enjoys spending quiet time with family
and says she looks forward to teaching
her granddaughter that there's nothing a
girl can't accomplish if she allows
powerful men to walk all over her and
then sells her soul for every
opportunity to seize cash and position
and then goes down in metaphorical
flames so all in all I think I can
reassure you that Hillary Clinton is
going to be okay and while yes she may
be depressed to realize she'll never be
running for office again she at least
knows she can serve her country by never
running for office again
trigger warning I'm Andrew Klavan and
days is the Andrew Clavin show
I hope nobody laughed at that opening
that was just cruel it was just a cruel
thing you shouldn't laugh and make me
and encourage me to say nasty things so
we now have courtesy of the talented
Shapiro Rebecca we now have the days
left in office but who's counting well
Obama what is it 14 days 11 hours 24
minutes 47 seconds right that would it's
the weight that the clock stopped it
stopped I did I hope nothing went wrong
he's still leaving right now all right
well it's going to be it's going to be a
little bit of an uncertain time as we
transition power and that's why we want
to point you to the fact that your
savings you want to make your savings
secure you want to make sure your money
is secure the Federal Reserve has been
printing money like it's going out of
business so there's gonna be some
inflation coming away and that's gonna
eat away at your savings too and that's
why this is the perfect time to secure
your hard-earned money by moving into
precious metals and the company you want
to go to is Birch gold group Birch gold
cells physical precious metals for your
own possession and we'll ship the metals
right to your front door and right now
thanks to a little-known IRS tax law you
can even move your IRA or eligible 401k
into an IRA backed by physical gold and
silver it's perfect for those who want
to ensure that the money you stored away
is not going to lose its value and it's
protected from inflation and any more
stock market crashes which of course can
come upon us at any time
Birch gold group has a long-standing
track record of continued success with
thousands of satisfied clients countless
five-star reviews and an A+ rating with
the Better Business Bureau contact Birch
gold group now to request a free
information kit on physical pressures
precious metals it's a comprehensive 16
page kit and tells you how gold and
silver can protect your savings and how
you can legally move your IRA and 401k
out of risky stocks and bonds in into a
precious metals IRA
to get your no-cost no-obligation kit go
to www.google.com / Andrew put in that /
Andrew so they know I sent you
its WWB are cool calm / Andrew good
stuff alright we're gonna be talking
about this is gonna this is going to be
an incredibly fun show because we're
going to be talking about the narrow got
some Grimm stuff I'm gonna deal with
that Chicago thing we can't let it go by
but but there's some really funny sight
because what's happening now is the
fight on Capitol Hill which is of course
immediately suddenly it turns out that
Donald Trump was serious and I think
that you know that he's actually means
to repeal and replace Obamacare actually
means to cut taxes actually means to cut
regulations and I think part of this by
the way is due to the fact that the left
went so insane with hatred for him that
he now knows who his friends are he now
knows that if he loses us if he loses
the base he got nobody cuz they are
never going to love him and he's not a
dumb man he's an even knows they're
never gonna lump so here's what's
happening they're trying to they went to
work immediately this is about this is
about the legacy of Barack Obama okay
because part of the legacy of Barack
Obama was he couldn't get anything done
the right way he could he was a bad
president he was bad at being president
so he had to do everything by trickery
and by Hillary jiggery right what do
they call hooker repo Curry's whatever
God and and and one of the things he did
was he stuffed a lot of Obamacare down
people's throats with this budget
reconciliation process that doesn't
require 60 votes it only requires a
majority now they can get rid of it the
same way so the fight has become a fight
over the narrative who you gonna believe
them you know the Democrats or the
Republicans us or your line I so Donald
Trump has taken to Twitter his favorite
way of controlling the narrative the
narrative and he says the Democrats led
by head clown Chuck Schumer which is
actually a perfect name for Chuck
Schumer he is the head clown they the
Democrats know how bad Obamacare is and
what a mess they're in instead of
working to fix it they do the typical
political thing and blame the fact is
Obama care was alive from the beginning
keep your doctor keep your plan it is
time for Republicans and Democrats to
get together and come up with a health
care plan that really works
much less expensive and far better and
while president-elect Donald Trump who
emerge all the precedent yesterday
President Obama went to Capitol Hill and
he said this to lawmakers that they said
that he went in and told the Democrat
congressional leaders Senate leaders
basically gave my cheerleading speech
but didn't really there was nothing he
could say because he left them in this
position not not just him they left
themselves in this position where they
just need a majority and they have the
majority so I now Chuck Schumer head
chief clown chuck schumer comes out and
this is his remarks after the after the
meeting
we'd be derelict in our responsibilities
the Republican plan to cut health care
wouldn't make America great again it
would make America sick again and lead
to chaos instead of Affordable Care
Republicans would create chaos in the
health care system because they're stuck
between a rock and a hard place they
have no idea what to put in place of the
Affordable Care Act for years they
talked about repeal but for five years
now they have had nothing to put in its
place it's all starts with the ACA as we
all know the ACA is a delicate balance
president-elect Trump even expressed
support for the three most popular parts
of the law pre-existing conditions
allowing young people to stay on their
parent's insurance until age 26 equal
treatment for women but Republicans will
soon learn that you can't keep the good
parts of the ACA and remove the rest of
the law and still have it work so this
is their talking point their slogan
they've got a little sign that comes
that says make America sick again but
that was the slogan of the rocker Alice
Cooper when he had he ran for president
anybody remember he ran for president
here he is running for president in 2016
there's the Makem
a sick again thing and here's his act we
pulled out we pulled out this old 1970s
song he had elected and here is
Stasia says make America sick again the
Democrats are now selling it and so and
so this is them seizing trying to seize
the moment remember you know Ross too
thought wrote about this Ross to that
the columnist in The New York Times a
former newspaper wrote writes a column
every year about what he got wrong and
he says what he got wrong when he said
that Trump wouldn't be elected was not
that he misjudged Trump because he had
already misjudged Trump and realized
he'd made a mistake in this it was a
talented guy but what he got wrong was
he thought that the opposition was
stronger he thought the Conservatives in
the Republican side were stronger and he
thought that the Democrats were better
at selling their fear-mongering
narrative but the question is and I
asked this yesterday about Obama it's
true about the Democrats in general are
they really good spreading fear or is it
just that the media has been so
monopolized by them up till now and and
they have the media has been undermined
and Trump crushed them so here's we
listen to Nancy Pelosi selling her her
side of this if you're a senior you know
Medicaid almost half of Medicaid is
about long-term health care you want
grandma living in the guest room you you
repeal the Affordable Care Act you go
along with this is part of an initiative
that is part of the Ryan budget that
says we're going to voucherize Medicare
we're going to block grant Medicaid so
this has a tremendous assault on the
health and health security and the
financial security that goes with what
the Affordable Care Act has done for the
American people and so make America sick
again is that what the Republicans want
to do when when Nancy Pelosi says you
want grandma living in the guest room
it's like a personal threat hey you know
you look at her you think like I'm gonna
come home and Nancy Pelosi is gonna be
sitting in my guest room if you'll
repeal of I'm coming to live at your
house but here's the thing
in 2014 for the first time in more than
a hundred and thirty years adults ages
18 to 34 were slightly more likely to be
living in their parents home than they
were to be living with a spouse or a
partner in their own
household first time in a hundred and
thirty years it's fueled primarily by
the dramatic drop in the share of young
Americans who are choosing to settle
down romantically before age 35 dating
back to 1880 the most common living
arrangement among young adults has been
living with a romantic partner whether a
spouse or significant another this type
of arrangement peaked around 1960 so
who's to blame for this who's to blame
for people living in each other's houses
grandma living in your guest house your
kid at 35 at 35 living at home
I mean who passed the Affordable Care
Act which says Obamacare which says you
I have to keep my kid on my insurance
until he's 26 it's at least 26 a 26 year
old is an adult he should have his own
insurance he should get a job he should
get a job he should have a kid he needs
to support the kid and he should be
making making money they're the people
who infantilized America and now they're
selling us this they're threatening us
with this and the thing is this again
all Obama this thing he let them he let
Pelosi write this bill and they like we
have to pass it to find out what's in it
he left them gut the process this is
remember the the other thing they were
going to face now is they're gonna face
these appointments and remember the
nuclear option which is Harry Reid said
you know made it so that most
appointments the cabinet appointments
can now be approved by a simple majority
not needing 60 votes this is Obama
approving of that back in the day this
is when they did this I realized that
neither party has been blameless for
these tactics they've developed over
years and it seems as if they've
continually escalate escalated
but today's pattern of obstruction it
just isn't normal it's not what our
founders envisioned a deliberate and
determined effort to obstruct everything
no matter what the merits just to
refight the results of an election is
not normal and for the sake of future
generations we can't let it become
normal so I support the step a majority
of senators today took to change the way
that Washington is doing business more
specifically the way the Senate does
business
what a majority of senators determined
by Senate rule is that they would
restore the long-standing tradition of
considering judicial and public service
nominations on a more routine basis oh
okay that's what he said then this is
what he says now because he's a
lame-duck but here's what Schumer says
now about this
we'd be derelict in our responsibilities
to the American people if we just let
let's do all of these in a week and not
to ask them any tough questions yeah but
your hands are tied because in the last
Congress your Democratic leadership you
were a part of it change the rules so
that you only need fifty one votes yes
to confirm a nominee not sixty and
therefore you're living by your rules
was that a mistake in retrospect I
argued against it at the time I said
both for Supreme Court and in cabinet
should be 60 because I'm such important
positions there should be some degree of
bipartisanship I won on Supreme Court
lost on cabinet but it's what we have to
live with now not not the greatest
situation when you're already happened
you wish it hadn't happened yep okay so
now we're gonna take a look at the
meaning of all this we're going to deal
with this Chicago crime rate after the
break we've got to say goodbye to
Facebook and YouTube come on over to the
Daily wire calm and listen to the rest
or subscribe and you could watch the
whole thing right on the site
