so two last things first of all she
gives away her political motivations
with that last line yeah you know he's
gonna have a role in defining women's
rights so obviously as a pro-abortion
person she's a registered Democrat so
this is this is she at least is
partially politically motivated which
could explain how you know the that
could have factored into this son
epiphany that she's had this past week
about the fact that Brett Kavanaugh was
was involved in in her mind she thinks
that Brett Kavanaugh is a threat to her
to her very human rights as a woman
which he's not but that's what she
thinks so it seems like she would have a
very powerful subconscious motivation at
least subconscious motivation to put
Brett Cavanaugh's face onto this
situation even if he wasn't involved but
the second thing is you know and this
doesn't really matter but you see how
she takes absolutely no responsibility
for the fact that she got wasted at the
party she says I didn't know any better
well okay well can Brett Kavanaugh use
that excuse I mean look the whole thing
is uh is is kind of a joke at this point
what Republicans need to do is they just
need to confirm Brett Kavanaugh and be
done with this they need to grow a spine
and say you know what we're done well
we're not doing this anymore we are not
going to just sit here and wait while
the Democrats go around trying to dig up
whatever skeletons or imagine the
skeletons they can find so they can
parade them in front of the media we're
not we're not gonna sit around waiting
for them to do that we're not gonna give
them another week or two weeks to to go
and see if they could find even more
accusers and even more accusations from
drunken parties 35 years ago that's what
the Republicans should say we're not
gonna do that we're just going to
confirm him and if you don't like it too
bad
that's all Supreme Court is not an
elected position
so Brett Kavanaugh doesn't need to be
popular it honestly doesn't matter what
how people feel about it that's what the
Republicans need to say but they won't
say it because they're cowards
so this spectacle will only continue
until Brett Kavanaugh until the
Republicans develop enough of a spine to
finally put an end to it which I don't
know if that's going to happen
