the New York Times a former newspaper is
calling on reporters around the country
to do more tough journalism on Donald
Trump times media columnist lonesome
bubble sent a memo to his colleagues
saying quote well boys the Republicans
are back on in office time to start
writing about homelessness and the
Constitution again by the way does
anyone have a copy of the Constitution I
put mine away in 2008 and haven't seen
it since unquote fearing that many
mainstream reporters may have allowed
their skills to erode after they spent
the last eight years staring at the
President and sign oh look he's so black
The Times has issued an instructional
guide entitled journalism for dummies
who are ideologically corrupt and
blinded by leftist race mythology and
did I mention corrupt here are some
experts from this handy manual on how to
make journalism journalism again one
learn how to use question marks to turn
lies into headlines question marks are a
useful journalistic tool for taking
scurrilous and unfounded assertions that
would end the career of any honest
journalist or even a New York Times
journalist and transforming those
dishonest assertions into morally
unassailable questions for example
instead of writing Donald Trump is going
to shred our constitution try will
Donald Trump shred our Constitution this
will not only prevent you from
expressing an absurdly biased opinion
based on no evidence whatsoever it will
keep you from having to find out what's
actually in the Constitution which let's
face it as really small print on crinkly
brown paper making it difficult to read
to learn how to use anonymous
attributions anonymous attributions can
help turn your hysterical anti-trump
rants in to important news stories
instead of writing Donald Trump hates
black people why not write instead
sources say officials are reporting that
many people believe some think a
highly-placed observer feels that Donald
Trump hates black people that way you
can besmirched the man's character and
stir up anger against him without
violating New York Times standards for
honesty just imagining for a moment that
the New York Times has standards for
honesty 3 treat the poor with dignity
and
fact although this will take more effort
than you're used to caring about the
poor can be an effective way to smear
those you dislike while during the Obama
administration
it was perfectly natural to call the
police to have a disgusting wino removed
from The Times Lobby during the Trump
administration always remember the
disgusting Rhino is now a poor suffering
homeless person thus instead of coming
into work and saying yuck I had to have
the police remove a disgusting wino from
the lobby and then sitting down to make
up a fantastic tale about how the Obama
economy is really booming now you can
get right to work writing a story about
the plague of homelessness sweeping the
nation while an uncaring Republican sits
in the White House by the way when
you're done with the story please don't
forget to call the police to have the
wino
removed from the lobby trigger warning
I'm Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Clavin show
hoorah its mailbag day is there a new
Swan the swimming it's just a swan just
swimming you couldn't think of anything
bring in the new talent or anything all
right
this week I have been I was thinking I
went home last night and I was thinking
about what a crazy week this has been
the crazy it's a crazy period what we're
really watching is we are watching the
collapse of the news media in real-time
we're watching we I mean they've
disgraced themselves for eight years
they disgrace themselves during the Bush
administration but they disgraced
themselves in the direction in the right
direction in the sense that you actually
want the press to attack the powerful
and to make sure everything they do is
right and to you know pick out scandals
where they see them and all this stuff
they were totally unfair to george w
bush but i'd rather have them being
unfair than do what they did to obama
which was just ignore scandal after
scandal after scandal malfeasance after
malfeasance I mean today as we're
sitting here the biggest news story is
the rape of Aleppo that destruction of
Aleppo this is a place where people are
kicking down the doors of ordinary folks
just like you and me and blowing them
away you know just slaughtering people
everywhere and and much of it I mean I
won't say it's Obama's fault but I will
say that he had his malfeasance his
ideologic his ideological ignorance his
refusal to let go of his ideology
he's feared to take any movement to make
any movement his fear of being a
colonialist and all this stuff all of
this contributed to what's happening our
president contributed to what's
happening that's the big story but
instead what we're hearing about is
every sneeze that Donald Trump sneezes
and how it's going to destroy our nation
what a terrible you know yesterday I
played Keith Olbermann which was give me
the biggest laugh of the it really was
hilarious let's play another I have
another one for today I think I may
bring on Keith every sing
he is now the funniest thing happening
on YouTube let's play the people should
know the truth they should know that we
have sustained a defeat without a war
the consequences of which will travel
far with us along our road they should
know that we have passed an awful
milestone in our history when the whole
equilibrium of representative government
has been deranged and that the terrible
words have for the time been pronounced
against our democracy thou are weighed
in the balance and found wanting and do
not suppose that this is the end this is
only the beginning of the reckoning this
is only the first sip the first
foretaste of a bitter Cup which will be
proper to us year by year unless by a
supreme recovery of moral health and
marshal vigor we arise again and take
our stand for freedom that's charged
over the hill and bang ourselves in the
kind of reminds me of the movie scanners
remember the movie scans with people's
heads exploded that's like and also what
happened the contractions do not suppose
Y isn't it don't suppose like why is it
is it more serious we don't use control
you know the only reason I play the
suicide from my own personal amusement
is because this is the voice of the
media Keith Olbermann is now the voice
of the media you know people always pick
on Rush Limbaugh he's been the big
target of the left and I'm a big fan of
Rush Limbaugh one of the reasons I'm a
fan of Rush Limbaugh is Rush speaks in
the language of ordinary people but he
actually elevates people he actually
does educate them and introduce ideas
that they might not have thought of and
in ways that they can get and understand
he actually is unlike a lot of
conservative media a lot of conservative
media plays down to people and lives
down at the lowest common denominators
you know spreading silly conspiracy
theories and spreading anger and you
know pumping up anger and
self-righteousness which is one of the
flaws of the write and as well as the
left but on the left they have a whole
different panoply of sins but you know
on the right we can tend to get this
tends to be a lot of anger and people
play into that but Rush doesn't do that
he actually lifts people up but at least
you know that when you listen to Rush
you were listening to a commentator when
he listened to him he's expressing his
opinion
with a left doesn't know is the New York
Times
their rush except that he doesn't
elevate they the times doesn't elevate
people it drags them down the news that
they're getting is it's all Keith
Olbermann it is all Keith Olbermann he
is the muse of the New York Times of CBS
of ABC listen listen to the you know
we're obviously we're talking about is
this whole thing about Russia Russia
hacked in to the DNC and now some
anonymous sources have said oh it was
all because they wanted Donald Trump to
get elected but of course that's
ridiculous because they couldn't have
known any more than anyone here knew
that Donald Trump was gonna get elected
nobody knew he was gonna get elected if
they were doing anything was probably
trying to weaken what they thought was a
Clinton the upcoming Clinton presidency
they probably didn't even bother with
Donald Trump because they didn't think
he could get elected nobody did nobody
thought that so why would they think it
David they weren't even here you know
like our guys were here and weren't
saying that he could be elected so
listen to this here's I think this is
Dana Bash was just a Democrat hack and
she's got Nancy Pelosi on and Nancy
Pelosi is saying oh we've needed an
investigation we need a thousand you
know investigations over all this stuff
and listen to what she said Donald Trump
responded when they said when they said
the intelligence community has said that
Russia's was responsible for the hacking
he returned it with what they're the
same people who told us that Saddam
Hussein had Iraq had weapons of mass
destruction
the intelligence community never said
that the evidence there is no
intelligence to support that claim that
threat was made by the bush cheney
administration as you see in Britain
they've just they've just just felled
all of that it was it was a massive
misrepresenting she's American people
but there's nothing in the intelligence
to support the threat that Bush Cheney
was possessed with a cute response with
a cute response and other people felt
maybe have fallen for it but it's
important to note that a president
should pay attention to the intelligence
that he's going to has to have the
knowledge to have the judgment to make
the decisions the president makes I
think I said that was CNN it's MSNBC or
at least people know they're being lied
to but let's hear what Nancy Pelosi was
saying before the Iraq war Saddam
Hussein certainly has chemical and
biological weapons there's no question
about
oops rut ro I mean what what the hell
you know of course are intelligent
people all the intelligence said this
all the Democrats thought it was true
Clinton Hillary Clinton Bill Clinton
everybody thought that Saddam Hussein
had weapons of mass destruction there
was net you know so she just sits there
and lies and nobody does a thing about
it the new piece they had a piece was
called mental illness in this the crisis
of mental illness in Trump's America
like how did he get to be Trump's
America he still he's not even president
yet and what's really interesting by the
way it's a token of Obama's weakness
that he kinda is the president already
we're kind of more interested in what's
happening at Trump Tower then we are
what's happening on White House I mean
Aleppo is going up in smoke
Obama's doing nothing it's like it's not
even happening he's had taking pictures
oh it's Christmastime and he's got you
know doing all these little photo ops
but but what Trump is doing really
matters I have to play this one clip
because it's so it's so interesting is
so amazing we when we're talking about
mental illness here is that the actress
Ali Wentworth and the most important
thing about Ali Wentworth to this show
is that she is the wife of George
cyclists right you know so so news man
extraordinary guy running a network news
station who is at Clinton hack the guy
who told Hillary Clinton I love you
Hillary it's in his memoir I love you
Hillary and he's running a news
department here's what happened at their
home on election night no it's um it's
scary just because the world is so
unpredictable and so different and
where's now yeah and I have an 11 year
old daughter who doesn't really
understand what Isis is but she knows
that she's scared and she's now sleeping
in bed with us every night which what do
you do ally what do you say what do you
do you got little girls you you see
what's happening what can what can you
say that other parents who have who are
at their wit's end with their children
who are scared and they're also scared
as adults this is what I say I say two
things I say to my kids one is we help
out everybody that is really going to
need our help
whatever whatever in organization you
know we we give we volunteer we help out
I mean I'll tell
story I wasn't planning on story which
might be the end of my marriage but we
were watching the election she says no
it just involves my my 14 year old
getting upset about the election and
screaming no abortions really loudly 14
year old and I was like you haven't
kissed a boy yet don't use that word so
it's women's rights yeah other women's
right to have an abortion that's what
everything depends on she's scared of
Isis now why wasn't she scared during
the Obama administration when Isis was
created by his crummy policies by the
fact that he gave up our victory in the
Iraq war I mean this is you know that
calls into question that quote calls
into question
George sakalava kisses ability to cover
the news I'm sorry if if he were
surrounded by conservatives saying
George you're getting out of hand you
know your craziness his craziness that
you've been posed on your family and
your child is seeping into the news that
would be one thing but he's surrounded
by people who agree with him so he
thinks that's reality he thinks that
world that he where his child is so
afraid of this election that she's
sleeping in bed with him he thinks that
that world is the world you know this
really calls this into question so all
of this is to come back to Rex Tillerson
yesterday I said that I was not worried
about Rex Tillerson because of him I was
worried about him because of Trump
because Trump has had a lot of things
about Vladimir Putin that seemed to me
naive and then I started to think about
this I mean by the way I was gratified
when I turned on Charles Krauthammer on
Fox and he said I think he was listening
to the show he almost gave the our
entire show yesterday he came out of
crowd hammers not only but I must be a
smart guy if I'm if I'm the smartest
ground hammer on let's be smart and and
he made this point that well let's let's
go back to Rex Tillerson I want to stick
with this I started to think what is it
that Rex Tillerson
actually represents from what is it what
is it if I'm worried about Trump what is
Trump saying because the thing is people
have a philosophy even if they don't
know what their philosophy is they have
a philosophy even a serial-killer it has
a philosophy I mean if you went to
seyton and asked what what philosophy is
the serial killer acting out satan would
know okay he'd be able to express it
maybe the serial killer couldn't but he
would be able to trump it is slowly
evolving a philosophy we are seeing that
philosophy becoming clearer as we go and
we're gonna talk about it in a few
minutes but first we have to say goodbye
to our friends on Facebook and YouTube
and let me say the mailbag is coming up
you can only participate you can do that
anywhere you're allowed to say anywhere
but you can only participate in the
mailbag if you subscribe to The Daily
wire it's only a lousy eight bucks a
month you get to send in questions and
we will answer all your questions
answers guaranteed 100% correct 98.5
percent guaranteed to change your life
two percent guaranteed to change it for
the better and if if you are subscribed
while I'm answering questions you can
send in your questions and we will try
and get some of them live on the air
