Barack Obama has to find an excuse for
Hillary Clinton losing an ear guaranteed
presidential race and he has won its
Vlad Putin White House spokesman Josh
earnest explained quote you didn't need
a security clearance to figure out who
benefited from malicious Russian cyber
activity the president-elect didn't call
it into question he called on Russia to
hack his opponent he called on Russia to
hack Secretary Clinton so he certainly
had a pretty good sense of whose side
the cyber activity was coming down on
the last several weeks of the election
were focused on a discussion of emails
that had been hacked and leaked by the
Russians
these were emails from the DNC and John
Podesta not from the RNC and Steven
Bannon
it was the president-elect so over the
course of the campaign indicated he
thought President Putin was a strong
leader the president selects team his
campaigns did not make any effort to
obscure this unquote now as I explained
yesterday Hillary didn't lose because of
Vladimir Putin she lost because she was
an awful terrible horrible candidate
that no one likes and wishes would go
away and because Barack Obama has
devastated his party at every single
level of government but Obama has to
find an excuse aside from his own
arrogance and Hillary's own incompetence
for the destruction of his legacy and
Putin is as good an excuse as any but
that's not the only excuse Obama has
trotted out he's trotted out fake news
pretending that a bunch of rubes reading
false headlines on Facebook elevated
Trump to the presidency if only they'd
paid attention to the real fake news
distributed by the White House and
members of the mainstream media all
would have been well and of course Obama
thinks the legacy of racism is
responsible for the backlash against his
presidency he was appearing with the
execrable Trevor Noah and he explained
quote we have by no means overcome
legacies of slavery and Jim Crow and
colonialism and racism Obama continued
by stating he had handled the issue of
race just beautifully I mean ignore the
race riots and the DOJ targeting Police
Department's and Obama making stupid
comments about black people being shot
by the cops
but he's genius and not everybody had
appreciated that he said quote I don't
think but trying to appeal to the better
angels of our nature as Lincoln put it
is somehow compromised there are many
reasons why Hillary Clinton lost but
Putin fake news and racism aren't among
them
Barack Obama most definitely is I'm Ben
Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
all righty so here we are we have a lot
to get to you today but first we have to
say hello to our friends over at Birch
gold if you are interested in purchasing
gold if you're interested in purchasing
precious metals removing your 401k or
your or your IRA into gold without the
tax consequences you need to talk to my
friends at Birch gold you can visit them
at birchgold.com slash been a plus
rating from the Better Business Bureau
if you're concerned about where the
economy is going if you're concerned
about uncertainty then it is imperative
that you go and check out birchgold.com
/ Ben right now they have a 16 page free
kit that gives you all the information
you need to know about investing in
precious metals and if you have
questions ask all your questions and
then put part of your portfolio into
precious metals not all of it but some
of it should be in precious metals as a
hedge against inflation and uncertainty
in the markets and Birch gold those are
the people that you want to talk to when
you're ready to invest birchgold.com /
Ben okay so tons to get to you today
here on ben shapiro first of all it is
imperative to note that Donald Trump
made a major announcement today a really
major announcement today from Trump
Tower and he met with someone just this
is an amazing story this is this is you
know this is clip I think this clip
three here this is he met with somebody
who may be a member of his cabinet may
not be a member of his cabinet but
really an important meeting here's
footage from Trump Tower this morning
just friends just friends and it's a
good man long time we've been friends
for a long time life we discussed
it's gotten out west by the way for
people who are watching this later
I just wanted to take a picture right
now
and then know what this was supposed to
be but it was weird
so Kanye West shows up he wasn't the
only one to show up by the way
apparently Ray Lewis showed up also
wearing his white suit Ray Lewis the
linebacker from Baltimore Ravens he was
wearing his white suit which had Secret
Service deeply concerned because last
time Ray Lewis wore a white suit
somebody got stabbed he burned that
white zetsu suit so this is a different
mohit suit he was at Trump Tower also
I'm not sure what the purpose of all
this is I will say that I'm not saying
that Kanye is a gold digger all I'm
saying is that he's not meeting with any
broke okay so that that's just that's
just the point here so it's as somebody
who mocked President Obama incessantly
for meeting with celebrities I have to
mock Donald Trump for doing exactly the
same thing we have now entered the realm
of the surreal Kanye West at Trump Tower
with with Donald Trump of course that's
not the major news of the day Kanye and
Trump have a warm relationship they have
for a while if you recall Donald Trump
and that this is gonna be running theme
Donald Trump tends to treat people who
praise him and bow before him as as
friends and wonderful sweet political
lovers Kanye West had praised Trump
before here's here's video Kanye West
praising Trump just to put the audacity
to put Anna Wintour right next to Donald
Trump I mean like I put Ray J in here
bro like
this is Fame bro like I'm gonna let you
finish but I have no idea what you're
talking about and then there Trump
raised Kanye of course because Kanye is
a fan of Trump Kanye West you know what
I'll never say bad about him you know
why cuz he loves Trump he loves Trump he
goes around saying Trump is my all-time
hero he says it to everybody so Kanye
West I love him now maybe in a few years
I'll have to run against him I don't
know so I'll take that back
but you know what he's been so nice to
me I I sort of you people have sort of
seen because I've been a counter-puncher
I only hit people when they hit me only
and Kanye West has been so great I would
never say bad about him because he says
such nice things about your new
Secretary of doing dope bleep he's gonna
be doing some real dope bleep over at
the White House it is amazing speaking
of people who he'll never say bad about
because they say nice about him Vladimir
Putin apparently he's got nothing bad to
say about that so Donald Trump has
rolled out his new Secretary of State
nominee the person he's picked it's
Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson he was so
excited about about making America great
again that he actually in his
announcement he actually played the
national anthem it was really exciting
that's not fair okay that's not fair
that's not right by the way it is a guy
I will say this about the Russian
national anthem it's pretty spectacular
this was the original USSR national
anthem actually originally it was the
Internationale then it became this one
which is a great national anthem and
then they moved away from it they used
one that was written by a guy named
Glinka very famous classical composer
and then Putin because he's actually a
Soviet KGB guy reimpose the USSR
national anthem but in any case here's
what we know about mr. Tillerson who is
the who's the new Secretary of State
pick well we know that he does like
Vladimir Putin he and Putin are on very
friendly terms here's just a few
pictures from their honeymoon
here's them together you know just
enjoying each other's company and there
they are looking longingly into one
another's eyes at an ExxonMobil event
and here's them just shaking hands and
then here is when Vladimir Putin gave
Rex Tillerson an engagement ring it's
actually just just the metal the order
of friendship now here's what I would
like to say about about Tillerson and
Putin the issue here is not teller said
okay teller sin' was the head of Exxon
Mobil Exxon Mobil had business
relationships in Russia that's not you
know super shocking exxon mobil has
business relationships with a lot of
terrible people in 2011 they signed this
very lucrative contract with vladimir
putin and then that contract was killed
by the sanctions imposed by the obama
administration so Tillerson has been
very much against the russian sanctions
because it destroyed this contract that
Exxon had with Vladimir Putin important
to mention here Vladimir Putin is
legitimately one of the worst people on
planet earth okay he's not somebody that
you want to play with there are three
separate presidents who have now tried
to play footsie with Vladimir Putin and
three separate times Vladimir Putin has
humiliated them by doing exactly what he
wants to do running roughshod into other
countries murdering people in Syria
right now people backed by Vladimir
Putin are murder and women and children
there are women who are committing
suicide rather than be raped by Assad's
forces in Aleppo it is Putin who's
standing behind Assad's forces Putin's a
very bad guy and all these people who
think that you're going to be able to
use Vladimir Putin to your advantage
no fladam ear Putin is not used by you
and he's not used by Trump Vladimir
Putin is a user he is not the easy ok
it's not gonna be Trump using Vladimir
Putin to do his bidding it's going to be
Vladimir Putin doing what he wants to do
and Trump standing to the side letting
him do it so
I'm not gonna blame you know Rex
Tillerson for being the head of Exxon
I'm sure that a lot of heads of Exxon
would have done exactly what Rex
Tillerson said I don't think it's
uniquely bad human being I don't think
is uniquely bad politician or anything I
do think that Donald Trump's decision to
to massage Vladimir Putin's ass for
literally the entirety of this election
cycle and now continuing forward that
should be troublesome to a lot of
Republicans like it should be
troublesome that the Russians are so
excited about this there's a Russian MP
who tweeted this out earlier today his
name is Alexei Pushkov and he is a
fellow who has said in the past that the
the Navy Yard shooting if you remember
in Washington DC a few years back the
Navy Yard shooting the Navy Yard
shooting he said that that was American
exceptionalism very an American guy he
celebrated the the appointment of teller
sin' because he's considered a Russian
Ally and so you know this is not good
news for people who are hoping that
trump was gonna moderate or not be Trump
Trump was only consistent about a couple
of things during this campaign one is he
doesn't really like trade and one is he
really does like Vladimir Putin you
remember we played a montage yesterday
of him talking about Putin all the way
up to and including denying the Putin
had ever killed journalists which is not
true him denying that Putin was a human
rights violator America's violated human
rights too he's been very very much in
Putin's corner obviously his former
campaign manager Paul Manafort was so
much in Putin's corner that he was being
investigated by the FBI so this has not
changed it's disquieting this isn't
about Tillerson it's about Trump and and
it is not a good indicator again
Vladimir Putin is one of the world's
worst human beings well I'm her Putin
murders dissidents Vladimir Putin runs a
Petro oligarchy where he and his friends
own all the assets in Russia Vladimir
Putin has now built a personal fortune
somewhere in the neighborhood of 40
billion dollars forty billion dollars he
just built himself a giant 1 billion
dollar mansion he imprisons dissidents
he is shut down freedom of the press
Vladimir Putin is a is in an absolute
kleptocratic Tator and he is and he's an
evil evil fellow who's engaged in some
of the worst Human Rights atrocities
that we've seen in the past 10 15 years
he also has obviously invaded
surrounding countries Crimea he invaded
Georgia when George W Bush was president
now a lot of people are pointing out the
condi rice and Bob Gates and some kind
of heavy weights have been endorsed
Tillerson two things to note about
Bob gates and condi rice run a
consulting firm for which kill erson is
a client Dick Cheney has praised
Tillerson he is not somebody who
presumably has business interests
directly with Tillerson James Baker who
actually works with Putin very closely
has praised Tillerson again I'm not
saying Tillerson is a bad guy I'm not
even saying the Tillerson is you know
anti-american or has Putin's best
interests at heart or any of that what I
am saying is the only thing that Trump
knows about him the only thing anybody
knows about him on foreign policy is
that he's super tight with Putin and
that was the reason why Trump picked him
in the first place and that is
disturbing that should be disturbing to
anybody who cares about this sort of
stuff again Vladimir Putin is a very
very bad guy and it is disturbing to me
how many Republicans are willing to
embrace this just because it's Trump
doing it
you can call hypocrisy on Democrats and
I'm happy to do that we'll talk about
that in a second Democrats are
hypocrites about Russia but so are
Republicans I mean you know you really
don't get to claim that you are anti
Putin if you're they gonna sit around
claiming that Donald Trump is doing
wonders by siding with Putin we'll get
to that in just a second by the way
Tillerson also has a pretty checkered
record with regard to things like global
warming which does make a difference it
was John Kerry negotiating global
warming treaties while he was Secretary
of State under under Barack Obama
Tillerson embraces the notion that that
man is creating global warming he's
actually even embraced the carbon tax
here's what he had to say about it
recently clearly there's going to be an
impact so I'm not not disputing that
increasing co2 emissions and atmosphere
is going to have an impact it'll have a
warming impact the how large it is is
what it's very hard for anyone to
predict and depend on how large it is
then projects how dire the consequences
are he's come out in favor of a carbon
tax as well a cap-and-trade which is the
Al Gore program so all these people who
are very excited about Scott Pruett
understand that the Secretary of State
does not agree with Scott Pruett on
global warming or it's possible to read
it as he was saying what he had to say
who's head of ExxonMobil but we don't
know the answer to that right now so
we'll leave that one on the table okay
so normally if a major head of an oil
company whose main foreign policy
experience was being best friends with
Vladimir Putin was nominated you would
think Republicans might oppose this well
you'd be wrong here's Paul Ryan's
response Paul Ryan said congratulations
to Rex Tillerson a proven lead
and person of enormous accomplishment
Mitch McConnell also praised Rex
Tillerson he said I look forward to
supporting his nomination so forget
about you know actually having hearings
and determining what his views are he
looks forward to supporting his
nomination and it is fascinating to
watch as people do this now I think the
motivation here is that there are a lot
of people in Congress Republicans in
Congress who think that if they are
really really nice to Donald Trump if
they give him everything that he wants
he'll be nice to them so I don't know
what Paul Ryan is I think Paul Ryan is
actually delusional at this point about
Trump I think he thinks if I'm really
nice to Donald Trump if I give him all
the things he wants then Donald Trump
will do entitlement reform as Paul Ryan
learned nothing not going to happen
Donald Trump was gonna do what Donald
Trump wants to do Newt Gingrich who's
just become the pseudo-intellectual
shill for trumpism he did a lecture at
Heritage Foundation today in way that
was called the principles of trumpism
which is a new one I wasn't aware there
were any principles of trumpism other
than what Donald Trump feels like this
morning the first principle of trumpism
according to Newt Gingrich is praised
Trump to the skies and then up your
speakers fee based on that but he gave a
speech about principles of trumpism and
he called Trump a grizzly bear who
basically if he got his attention is
going to claw off your face he compared
him to the grizzly bear from the
revenant I guess that we have yet to see
whether whether there was some sort of
rape that went on with Leonardo DiCaprio
a bear rape the one with Leonardo
DiCaprio when DiCaprio visited Trump
Tower but the idea that you're gonna
control Trump is just this is such an
illusion and it's something that I think
McConnell and Ryan are both engaging in
this idea that if you're nice to him
he's going to give you what you want nah
Milus he already has a predilection
toward you and this is the caveat you
know he said earlier about Kanye West
Kanye's been nice to me so I'll be nice
to him all right cuz he doesn't lose
anything
Putin is nice to him so he's nice to
Putin right because Donald Trump is the
kind of guy who is who's attracted to
power and thinks power is attractive and
so he likes the fact that Putin is
throwing like bored so of course he's
going to be okay with Vladimir Putin but
that doesn't mean he's gonna start
green-lighting entitlement reform which
he's opposed the entire way through he
thinks entitlement reform is a political
disaster he's not gonna back Paul Ryan's
play on that Republicans keep going
along to get along
that's gonna have consequences because
all you're doing is convincing people
the Trump is right where he's wrong and
then he's just gonna screw you anyway
right as Mitt
Mitt Romney put out a statement and he's
not Secretary of State obviously and
Mitt Romney put out this this little
statement about about not being
Secretary of State here's what it said
this is 11 he's he it says quote it was
an honor to have been considered for
Secretary of State of our great country
my discussions of presidents like Trump
have been both enjoyable and
enlightening I have very high hopes that
the new administration will lead the
nation to greater strength prosperity
and peace I also hope that this
administration will do all of those
things also this was shortly after King
Joffrey Baratheon trumped the first
beheaded Ned Stark
after after I listened I said it at the
time right we actually played a clip
from Game of Thrones of this happening
Romney's head now decorates the the
gates at King's Landing so too bad for
him meanwhile Reince Priebus is making
overtures toward trumpism on this and
and his defenses of trump and russia are
not particularly good here's here's what
he had to say well what he said was that
the sanctions were ineffective but the
reason they were ineffective was that
they weren't being enforced and so his
point was unless you're going to enforce
these sanctions they're not effective
and people are looking at the the first
part of that statement and not the
second look I know where Rex Tillerson
is on this he believes that sanctions
and the threat of sanctions are an
important part of international strategy
and diplomacy and so he's not against
sanctions I just want to assure you of
that
but what he is against is setting up
sanctions that aren't important okay so
that's not true
teller soon as he has said he was
against the Russian sanctions it wasn't
about the enforce ability we'll see if
they remove sanctions from Russia that
would be pretty amazing if they're moved
sanctions from Russia meanwhile Priebus
continued by saying it's not it's not
bad to have a good relationship with
Vladimir Putin this this language is
exactly the language the Barack Obama
used about Cuba it's the same language
that Barack Obama has used about Putin
in the past how's it bad to have good
relationships with the enemies you only
make peace with your enemies here is
Reince Priebus the the chauffeur for the
trump administration but the truth is is
that having relationships with people is
not a bad thing I don't know how we got
to the place where having an actual
functional relationship with someone who
might not be a person that we first
think of to have that relationship is
suddenly a
thing I mean we have a lot of problems
in this world and we're not gonna solve
those problems by making believe that
people don't exist and so America first
that's what president elect Trump lives
by everyday that's what's in his head
every day Americans first America first
we're gonna be tough across the world
and president like Trump and Rex
Tillerson and in Vice president-elect
pants are going to take every day with
that mindset in place he doesn't have
any real defense for this so instead you
just start shouting America first mango
mango mango America first not paying
attention not listening I'm Agra okay
yes I understand America okay this
doesn't have anything to with America
first the question is how close are you
supposed to be to one of the worst
dictators on planet Earth
Marco Rubio gets this right here's Rubio
statement about Tillerson he says quote
while Rex Tillerson is a respected
businessman I have serious concerns
about his nomination the next Secretary
of State must be someone who views the
world with moral clarity is free of
potential conflicts of interest has a
clear sense of America's interest and
will be a forceful advocate for
America's foreign policy goals to the
president within the administration and
on the world stage I look forward to
learning more about his records and his
views I will do my part to ensure he
receives a full and fair hearing etc etc
that's basically the tactic that a lot
of these people should be taking but
that is not the tactic that a lot of
people are taking instead everybody is
just ignoring serious questions that
ought to be asked about Russia and
Vladimir Putin and what he's doing in
favor of sort of partisan breakdowns and
we'll get to more of that in just a bit
plus Democrats overreacting because they
can't help themselves it is amazing that
just every landmine they have to jump on
with both feet every rake must be
stepped on all of them every rake in
creation will get to all of that but you
have to subscribe a Daily wire to see it
you can listen of course later on iTunes
or SoundCloud but daily wire Tom to
subscribe eight bucks a month annual
subscription gets you a free copy of my
book true allegiance signed by me and we
have lots of goodies coming at the Daily
wire at the daily wire store which is
gonna be opening up pretty soon
discounts are available for subscribers
of course plus we're gonna deconstruct
the culture a little bit later which is
gonna be a lot of fun I'm gonna check it
out at daily wired.com we are the
largest conservative podcast on the
Internet
