the holidays by which I mean Christmas
and all those other fake ones are just
around the corner and that means it's
time for the Andrew Clavin show's
official Gift Guide for Democrats that's
right they're probably some Democrats in
your family or among your former friends
or just people you've met during your
charitable prison visits and you're
thinking to yourself in this season of
giving and charity how can I cheer up
the humiliated suckers in my life after
a bruising election in which they lost
so hilariously that it's difficult not
to mock their agony even as they sit in
a puddle of their own tears so allow us
to make some gift suggestions that will
make this Christmas a joy even for those
people who came this close to victory
healthy to have the rug pulled out from
under them so suddenly at the last
minute it was as if God Himself were
punishing them for their arrogant
attempt to morally and politically
pervert their own country punishing them
and then laughing at them and then
punishing them more laughing more for
your Uncle Bob or Aunt Nell or uncle
Nell since these are Democrats and who
the hell knows you might try apples
magic mirror app this download for your
Mac or iPad works through your camera to
give Uncle Bob a picture of himself
which then through the miracle of
Technology is suddenly hitting the
kisser with her tremendous pie while an
electric voice says the word loser over
and over again for an extra dollar
ninety-nine the Apple then shove a giant
crow in your uncle's mouth and make him
eat it for $2.99
I'll do it myself you're good Democrat
friend Mike might like a desk calendar
with a different quote from Hillary
Clinton on every page so he can keep his
favorite candidate on his mind every
single day of next year for instance on
January 1st the calendar reads it was a
vast right-wing conspiracy on the second
there were no classified documents on my
private server on the third that being
in Benghazi killings were caused by a
YouTube video then every day after that
it just says I lost over and over again
your friend loved it finally on a more
serious note you may find that some of
the Democrats in your life have been
deeply disturbed by the events of 2016
they may exhibit signs of depression and
even become deranged or delusional and
begin babbling irrational things like
the climate is in crisis or the rich
aren't paying their fair share or I'm a
good person because Democrat policies
help the poor
obviously these are people who may be
sensitive to
the most light-hearted teasing and in
the Christian spirit you wouldn't want
to make fun of them until you're safely
behind their backs for these sensitive
Souls I suggest a good book to soothe
their minds like stronger together by
Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine if they
protest that you're too generous
just tell them it was on sale for 17
cents which the publisher paid you as
thanks for taking the book off their
hands trigger warning
I'm Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Clavin show Arana ray it's another of
the twelve days do we have something new
one there I can't tell what is it again
so ladies Elaine oh that could have been
filthy but it's actually very pretty
good Oh Austin has a clean mind all
right for those of you that listen a
little public service here for those of
you who are wondering how can I pay more
taxes to the government one way is to
get caught in a speed trap this way you
know they come and they they don't have
to actually tax you they just pretend
you were doing something wrong when you
were really traveling perfectly safely
we don't want you to drive too fast but
to keep you from getting caught in these
traps and they do set these traps all
over we want to tell you about rocky
pardon me Rocky Mountain radar this is
scrambling technology that has been it
was invented by a guy named Mike who
used to work in the defense industry
what he did was he built through boxes
that would scramble missile so that if
you sent a missile after a jet the
missile would get lost these are this is
the kind of stuff he was building and it
suddenly occurred to him hey this would
work on radar I can scramble radar in
the same way now this stuff is so good
and Rocky Mountain radar is offering 50%
off their best products you have to go
to Rocky Mountain radar comm slash
Andrew the slash Andrews important
they'll know I sent you and they will
give you 50% off this is
the best technology in the industry you
know we some of these guys get hit Rocky
Mount gets hit by some hate bombs this
happens to me too with my book sometimes
people don't like me so they'll say bad
things about it so we have checked and
double-checked this thing it is really a
good good piece of machinery and they
back it up here's how they back it up
when you register your device with Rocky
Mountain radar you qualify for their
ticket rebate program if you get a
ticket within the first year of owning
the Scrambler Rocky Mountain radar will
pay your ticket it's amazing they will
pay the ticket now that's not if you're
going like 150 miles an hour because
then first of all you're dead so it
doesn't really matter and second of all
that's not the point a cop can look at
you going 150 miles an hour the thing
that this does the thing that Rocky
Mountain radar does is it not just it
doesn't just tell you where the cop is
it scrambles his radar so that he can't
get a read before you can slow down okay
so you know he's where he is you tap the
brake you get yourself into a you know
into the right speed and he can't get a
reading on you because of what this
thing does so they're gonna give you 50%
off they're gonna pay your ticket in the
first year if you get a ticket plus it
has it has a warranty that goes on for
like ever I think I can't remember I
don't want to say it because I can't
remember the exact amount of time that
they give you for the warranty so but
you can go to Rocky Mountain radar comm
slash Andrew you will get 50% off the
best scramblers and detectors available
there american-made and if you think
about how much it cost to get a ticket I
don't like to say that I've gotten just
a few of them from traveling perhaps a
little too fast and it's really really
annoying not only is it incredibly
expensive you if you don't want to pay
it you have to go on to these it's
lesson price it's like being it's like
being in prison on your own computer
it really is it's like just like being a
person so instead of that go to because
it's so annoying so instead I go to
Rocky Mountain radar dot-com slash
Andrew you'll get 50% off the
top-of-the-line stuff people love these
things it is stealth technology for your
car built for jets but works in your car
all right
it's mailbag Eve it's you know the holy
eve of mailbag it's kind of a dull yeah
it was that guy you guys are like so
oh we have to go yoo-hoo-hoo something I
don't know anyway the point is that if
you send in your questions today if you
are a subscriber to the daily wire you
can send in your questions today we will
answer them tomorrow answers guaranteed
there she is the only person who ever
cared about me and now she's gone
questions the answers are guaranteed a
hundred percent correct and ninety what
is it 98.5 percent yeah I think
guaranteed to change your life I like to
get those numbers right but they will
change your life possibly for the better
I think it's to cut two percent we will
answer all your questions
alright Rex Tillerson we should I feel
like we should say like it's old and
rags to Lussier mm-hm
the best thing about Rex Tillerson who's
Trump's the man Trump is now named to be
Secretary of State after a long
apprentice like you know contest this is
the head of ExxonMobil which i think is
a company actually larger than the
United States so he's actually better
this is actually a step down for him to
be secretary of state of the United
States what the best thing about Rex
Tillerson is that he has a name like a
private eye right and I think it's like
my name is Rex Tillerson and you may be
wondering how I got into a situation
like this but let us hear trump's
explanation of why he thought a
businessman would be the best choice
why does a business executive make sense
as the chief diplomat
well his case is much more than a
business executive I mean he's a
world-class player he's in charge of I
guess the largest company in the world
he's in charge of a NOL company that's
pretty much double the size of his next
nearest competitor it's been a company
that's been unbelievably managed
to me a great advantage is he knows many
of the players and he knows them well he
does massive deals in Russia he does
massive news for the company okay so so
of course the left's reaction is it has
been to every Trump appointment is
absolute hysteria absolutely wild to
stare how can he he's a CEO how can he
be you know he has no diplomatic he has
no diplomatic experience on and on and
on and of course it's the big thing is
the ties with Russia he has done massive
deals with Russia because of course
Russia has a lot of oil and he has been
against the sanctions that were imposed
on Russia for their crimean incursion
and he said they didn't work and all
this stuff and he won a friendship medal
so everybody now these are the democrats
remember the Democrats have been kowtow
to Vladimir Putin for twenty years at
least I mean they've been and Obama has
just bobbled the ball and by the way so
did George W Bush he was the one who
looked in you know Putin's eyes and said
he saw his soul or his heart or hey I
looked in his eyes I saw his heart which
had to be a mistake because Putin
doesn't really have one and you know but
that doesn't make that doesn't make this
right so let me tell you why I'm
personally where this is the first pick
the Trump is made that I'm slightly
worried about but not for the reasons
people are saying Tillerson does
business overseas and he works for this
huge company which is the size of a
country this company is the size of you
know some of some of the larger
countries in terms of the money it's
dealing with and the deals it's making
and he has to deal with people who have
who have the oil so here here is
Tillerson talking about that in a 2013
interview this is the first television
gun you know when you're in the
countries that we conduct business in
and the countries where we need to be
because they are resource rich countries
we're in a lot of countries where the
geopolitics are complex and part of our
risk management and my risk managers
responsibilities is to understand that
to develop important relationships and
at the end of it is no surprise all
things come down
your personal relationships in any
country when you're going to make
significant commitments you have to look
the head of state of that country
eyeball to eyeball and say to them I'm
going to make this commitment now I'm
counting on you to meet your commitments
because the I will be here a long time
and over the course of the time that I'm
here there will come a day when we'll
have disagreements and things won't be
going the way you want them or they
won't be going well you're asking them
to do what that I have their personal
commitment that they'll stand behind
their side of the bargain
and that's all I can ask I know the deal
I'm entering into I've accepted it
you've accepted it the only thing I can
ask we can ask of each other now is that
we will always honor this deal okay so
the obviously the take on this is that
he is going to be too friendly to
Vladimir Putin who has been running
rings around the Obama administration
has made Obama look like a complete
idiot in Syria which we will get back to
and just in general is a terrible
terrible person the argument is that
this you know I know it sounds a little
like The Godfather but this is business
the guy is the CEO of ExxonMobil there's
lots and lots of oil in Russia that he
has to get his hands on and he has to
deal with and so he goes over and he
makes relationships with these guys this
is Priebus right Reince Priebus was
going out there for Trump this morning
on MSNBC I think his here is his
argument for Tillerson first cut does
Donald Trump have confidence
Angele America's intelligence it's the
first cut of the new three cuts it's
called the points Priebus on television
the other yeah at the end it was a
massive you know his chemistry it was
presence it was vision it was also the
ability that Rex Tillerson had to
maintain relationships across the world
in many places that aren't the easiest
places have relationships in during many
different administrations so obviously
he's very good at being a diplomat and
you know someone like him is a diplomat
that happens to be able to drill oil and
the good Lord didn't put oil in all
freedom-loving democracies across the
world
and yet Rex Tillerson was able to make
this work and Donald Trump and rec
Tillerson they hit it off and they have
a similar vision of how to get things
done and what did it well
so is this guy suspect well of course we
don't know see the thing is the guy has
no there's no record of his foreign
policy ideas all his ideas our business
ideas or what's good for ExxonMobil and
of course everybody's jumping on this
and this is the news cycle everybody's
got to have an opinion right away but we
don't really know what he thinks in
terms of American policy he did make one
comment that he was against the
sanctions and here's that Priebus
explaining trying to explain away that
comment this is the second one of this
new ones well what he said was that the
sanctions were ineffective but the
reason they were ineffective was that
they weren't being enforced and so his
point was unless you're gonna enforce
these sanctions they're not effective
and people are looking at the the first
part of that statement and not the
second look I know where Rex Tillerson
is on this he believes that sanctions
and the threat of sanctions are an
important part of international strategy
and diplomacy and so he's not against
sanctions I just want to assure you of
that
but what he is against is setting up
sanctions that aren't enforced he was
not for the Iran deal by the way and he
was very clear about it he didn't think
that that was a good product and he
didn't think it would put America first
and ultimately that's what it's all
about president like Trump wakes up
every day put America first Americans
first and this is what he's thinking
about and I think with the whole team
that's being put together we're gonna
have an extraordinary cabinet that can
represent the United States across the
world okay so the the final thing the
question then becomes how does Trump
feel about the sanctions right and
here's the rebuses non-answer on this
but here's what i would tell you if
you're gonna have sanctions in place
that need to be enforced that i can tell
you for sure it's something that he
believes in and as far as where that
product goes next you have to just wait
and see i mean we're just
getting our cabinet put together now and
as I think president-elect outlined many
times over the last six weeks sitting
down with our general sitting down with
our leadership formulating our policy
and revealing that to the American
people will be the first order of
business okay
so I'm gonna tell you see what
everybody's complaining about is that
this guy is gonna be too friendly to
Russia that's not my problem as of this
moment and I will explain what my
problem is but first I got to say
goodbye to the folks at Facebook and
YouTube come on over to the Daily wire
comm and subscribe so you can have your
question in the mailbag and then all
your problems will be solved
