the mainstream news media has been
following the work of the Trump
transition team closely and reacting to
each new appointment with a serious
objective high-pitched shriek of panic
while lying on the floor in a puddle of
their own urine and tears kicking their
feet in sobbing loudly as NBC
commentator Melanie hysteria put it
quote I can't even death everywhere
mommy mommy someone save us end of the
world
oh my god unquote some of you may be
wondering where these journalists
getting their inside information on
Trump's selections well I'm here to
answer your question actually I'm here
because my clothes are in the laundromat
next door but while I'm here I'll answer
your question the mainstream media
actually share an information sheet
entitled a Democrats guide to the Trump
appointments written by Nancy Pelosi's
assistant Igor the humpback the
Democrats guide gives a handy thumbnail
sketch of each appointment so the
journalists can report this information
instead of telling the truth
here are some selections from the list
ben Carson Housing and Urban Development
Carson masquerades is a black man but
worked his way out of poverty to become
a brain surgeon so does not have the
true sense of victimhood needed to
qualify as a Democrat certified member
of the Negro race what's more Carson
belongs to a bizarre cannibalistic
religious cult in which worshippers eat
the blood and flesh of a God who was
crucified but came back to life we
expect this surgeon to cut away the
subsidized housing that keeps our
wonderful Democrat Negroes dependent on
us for handouts for the sake of mankind
he must be stopped
Steven Bannon chief strategist Bannon is
a hideous winged creature who resembles
a cross between a gigantic bat and a
punch in the mouth he dwells an unholy
darkness beneath the pavements of Los
Angeles emerging by night to drink the
blood of Jews now of course some
Democrats might think this could be
useful in reducing American support for
the apartheid State of Israel
unfortunately bannon's anti-semitism
isn't good left wing anti-semitism that
merely seeks to destroy the Jewish
homeland Bannon practices evil
right-wing anti-semitism that manifests
itself by giving support to Israel
hiring and befriended Jews Tom Price
health secretary price lives alone in a
Gothic mansion where he wanders
muttering through his extensive
collection of the heads of gay people
suspended in formaldehyde he expresses
his twisted evil by being anti-choice
especially if the choice you make is to
kill a baby price has vowed to repeal
Obamacare and hunt down every lawmaker
who voted for it so that they'll one day
wake up to find him standing over their
bed illuminated by a flash of lightning
and holding an axe the democrat
informational guide goes on but I think
this selection explains the mainstream
media's transition reporting in the
words of CNN anchor man wolf mendacity
quote if this is I don't know somebody
kill me I think my head's on fire
everywhere is hell kill me now please
this is CNN the most trusted name in
news
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
and speaking of tickety-boo
if you are driving home and you get a
ticket e you will be saying boohoo
especially because the things we hate
about this is that a lot of these
tickets you know nobody wants you to
drive unsafely we don't want you to
drive too fast but a lot of these speed
traps are just set up to increase the
money you pay to the state so you're you
know that you're driving perfectly
safely and the cop is just waiting for
you to cross that line
so our sponsor Rocky Mountain radar has
the fix they are offering 50% off their
products if if and only if you go to
Rocky Mountain radar comm / Andrew you
have to put in that / Andrew to get the
50% off these are exclusively the only
radar devices that include both radar
and laser scrambling technology ok so
you not only can tell where the cop is
you can scramble his radar for a while
so you have time to slow down before he
gives you the ticket now this thing was
developed by guy named Mike I talked to
him for a long time on the phone he used
to work in the defense industry and his
job was making devices that made guided
missiles missed their target so you
would shoot at the fighter jet as it was
going by Mike was there building these
little boxes that would make the missile
go like I don't know where I'm going
right so Mike figured hey if I can do
this if I can keep a fighter jet from
being blown out of the sky I can keep
these radar guns from getting a good
reading on you before you have a chance
to slow down so he started to invent
this these boxes these amazing boxes
that include both radar and laser
scrambling technology now the guys back
this not only will they give you 50% off
if you go to the rocky mountain radar
comm / Andrew not only will they give
you that but when you register your
device they back these things so much
that you will qualify for their ticket
rebate program if you get a ticket
within the first year of owning your
scrambler Rocky Mountain radar will pay
the price of your ticket some exception
ups exceptions apply if you're traveling
miles an hour the cop doesn't need the
radar you can see that you're speeding
and don't do that okay because that's
not smart but but you can find all the
details at Rocky Mountain radar dot-com
/ Andrew and get 50% off the best
scramblers and detectors available you
also because it comes with like a three
year warranty - so it's like pretty well
backed up so go to Rocky Mountain radar
comm / Andrew 50% off top-of-the-line
equipment this is stealth technology for
your car alright you can even put wings
on your car it makes it all the more
fashionable alright we're gonna have
John Nolte the north of nadir is gonna
come on in a little while that's after
we lose you from Facebook and YouTube
but you can come over to the daily
wire.com and see that we're gonna talk
to him about the media you know this the
Trump transition has now fallen into a
recognizable pattern this is everyday
this this happens step one
Trump makes good appointments he really
makes good he's really been making good
appointments and the appointment signal
that he meant what he said pretty much
when he was on the campaign trail so
yesterday he appointed Oklahoma Attorney
General Scott Oklahoma Attorney General
Scott Pruett to head the EPA and Pruitt
as a guy who was part of a lawsuit to
shut down some of the EPA's lawless
regulations that it has been spreading
through the the length of the Obama
administration this stuff you know a lot
of you guys are if you don't run a
business you don't know about this but
the EPA has tried to seize the right to
define what a waterway is because the
EPA has regulatory rights over waterways
so like basically they say well if you
fill up your sink to shave that is a
waterway and now we can tell you what to
do and they've been trying all this
stuff and trying that they have this
clean power plan that's been shutting
down coal making it too expensive for
coal a lot of these plants have been
held up by judges the judge is saying
hey you can't just decide that you can
regulate every puddle in America you
know and they've been holding it up but
this guy Scott Pruett good choice
because he is a client he knows that
this climate change thing is a hoax it's
not that the climates not changing it's
that this array of left-wing wish list
policies is not gonna have any effect on
it so he is a great guy
I mean if it were my choice I would
appoint like a Muslim
terrorists ahead the EPA I would have
point where these guys who blows up
buildings like Mohammed hates you I
would say I guess I go and blow up
everything I kill the APA that would be
my choice but this guy is pretty good
too
so that's step one he's been making good
appointments step to the left goes nuts
and when we say the left of course we
also mean most of our news sources who
just start reporting oh my God we're all
gonna die from climate change that's
happened yesterday to one tweet like
this maybe I don't want to at the risk
of overstating this this is the end of
the world I don't know why you think
that's overstating it so that's step two
step three the right starts writing
think pieces is this conservative is it
leading up think it's you know is it
using conservative principles is he
betray our principles in all this stuff
and the only reason I haven't
participated in that and I've explained
this before but it's worth saying again
it's not that I don't share those
principles it's not that some of the
things Trump does don't make me nervous
they do but like if politics doesn't
take place here but behind a microphone
it takes place in the arena and in the
arena you compromise you do things that
you have to do to get enough popularity
enough political weight to do the things
that you want to do Ronald Reagan did
protectionist stuff he put out like a
hundred percent tariff on Japanese
electronics and he protected Auto
Workers and things like that stuff that
I would not recommend as policy but it
made him popular enough with Reagan
Democrats that he had a lot of power if
Trump does things like this carrier deal
that I mean the right has been writing
about this carrier deal for everyone you
just think like dude it's like one thing
that he did to get a little popularity
going to get some steam up if he uses
that popularity if he uses that
political weight to do conservative
things and we get step back and judge
the whole administration the
administration as a whole in the
direction it's going then we can start
to say yes this is a good direction but
this is a bad direction so that's step
three step to the left goes not step
three the right goes one step four Trump
then does something that makes you sick
to your stomach he keeps doing this
stuff you know just as I'm saying like
everybody calmed down yesterday what did
he do somebody if some guy carrier Union
guy criticized them and he attacks them
on Twitter you know if you're gonna be
the president of the United States don't
punch down you know don't be Italian and
everything is down it's one thing to go
after Saturday night
Night Live to go after the left's
cultural monopolies that they use you
know with impunity against us
all the time that's one thing but you
just don't go attacking everybody he
also met with Leonardo DiCaprio on
climate change I mean he was great in
Titanic
he really was but like I don't care what
he thinks
about climate change so that's the
that's the four-step transition this is
happening every day good appointments
left goes crazy white right gets over
concerned and Donald Trump in does
something that makes us nauseous so
that's going on and if you want to you
want to get a great idea of what effect
this is having on people Jimmy Kimmel
who has been hitting Trump and he just
says oh that he's so extreme all of what
mr. Christie he sent one of his people
out to interview people on the street
and asked them what they thought of
Trump's appointments and pretending the
Trump's appointments are super villains
from comics okay from the comics so
here's a cut of that what do you think
about Trump appointing dr. Otto Octavius
as head of the CDC I do not agree with
him
and do you think that he'll have all
eight of his hands in the pockets of
pharmaceutical companies yes I do
how come I believe that trump would
allow him to he would give him that
authority what do you think about Trump
appointing Edward nygma for the
Department of Education Oh actually I
think that's a great idea for for our
election yeah
Trump is trying to diversify the gender
makeup of his cabinet so do you think
his appointment of Harley Quinn was a
good choice given that she has volatile
mental health issues no is it a good
choice to have her a Secretary of Health
and Human Services oh no I know if she's
got her own issues I don't know that
she'll make good decisions
Harvey Dent has an experience as a
district attorney but he's been accused
of flip-flopping on key issues do you
think do trust him or you think he's a
little bit two-faced to be Attorney
General General now what what they don't
tell you is that the people they're
interviewing are all journalists for CNN
they don't you always bothers me about
this is not only do these guys not know
who's really getting appointed they
don't know who the supervillains are the
guys asking you know what they approved
I like the guy who said yeah the Riddler
good choice you know so nobody is
listening nobody is listening to this I
mean why you know it's Christmastime
people are worried about you know buying
presents for their families and getting
together with their you know parents
without killing them and all this stuff
and this is you know the news is the
news media is just spewing out this
panic and this verbiage that no one's
paying attention to and they realize
they realize that they have lost their
authority they have lost their power to
sway the people because we no longer
care what they think and to strike back
they they are there is now a move afoot
and it is one of these it is a really
pernicious thing because it's widespread
and at the same time it's it's quiet
this move to silence the right they're
gonna do it they're gonna try and do it
through algorithms that cut people out
of search searches on Google and things
like this and they're going to do it by
defining hate speech as right-wing
speech any time a right-winger opens his
mouth
be banned from social media and the big
thing that the press is selling this
this fading media this fading news media
that sold its integrity and now has lost
its you know it it's lost its power to
sway people because it's lied to us for
so long the the other thing they're
doing is they're selling this fake news
idea this oh they must protect us we
must be protected from fake news and
they got a big boost last weekend when a
guy walked into comic ping-pong in
Washington DC and let off a round from
his shotgun because there has been this
fake news story this conspiracy story
come at ping pong is a pizza parlor and
a concert venue in Washington DC very
popular very popular with the left they
were talking to Hillary Clinton to John
Podesta about a fund raising deal and
somehow this got spun out into this
conspiracy theory where Hillary Clinton
and John Podesta were selling children
into sex slavery and satanic sex slavery
underneath the P there were tunnels
underneath the pizza parlor Arnold's
total baloney absolute baloney you know
and this kind of thing that Alex Jones
picks up that you know that guy that's
another thing Trump does that makes me a
little nauseous when he gets in touch
with Alex Jones you know this guy
guy's a loon and they sell this stuff
and so one poor schmuck believes in this
and goes in there with a rifle he says
he's gonna investigate he's gonna
investigate and he lets off a gun he
lets off a gunshot and the worst thing
about this the most dangerous thing
about this is one of the people
spreading this false story was the son
of Michael Flynn the guy who was going
to be the national security adviser for
Trump and this guy Michael Flynn jr.
was working with his father during the
transition he had to put in for security
clearance and they fired they got rid of
him they said we can't have this going
on this is a distraction and they got
rid of him we're gonna talk about more
about this and we're gonna have John
Nolte on one of the best observers of
the media and we'll talk to him more
about this after we say goodbye to our
friends on Facebook and YouTube come on
over to the daily wire.com and subscribe
and you can watch the whole thing on the
site and be part of the mailbag we had a
great mailbag yes
they answered all your questions your
improved your life you can be part of
that if you just subscribe come on over
