Valente North Carolina jury deadlocked
over the question of officer Michael
Slager guilt in the shooting of an
unarmed black man Walter Scott in the
back the media of course went too insane
they claim that this demonstrated that
cops could never be convicted they
suggested to mr. Howe as a result of
deep-seated American racism the only
reason that Slater wasn't convicted in
this trial was one holdout juror 11
other jurors were ready to convict for
murder the prosecutor in this case
immediately declared her intention to
retry the case as well she should video
shows the officer shooting Scott in the
back fence to answering over to Scotts
prone body handcuffing him and dropping
an object near the body that was a Taser
the prosecutor argued quote his first
instinct after the shots were fired and
he cuffs a dead Walter Scott was to
stage was to stage the scene
Slager then lied to the cops about the
circumstances surrounding the shooting
he claimed that Scott had charged him
and he killed Scott ins defense of his
own life now thanks to one juror we're
supposed to believe that all of America
is systemically racist even though the
governor of South Carolina nikki Haley
issued a statement explaining quote it
is my understanding that there will be
as quickly as possible a new trial with
Scott family and all of South Carolina
will hopefully receive the closure of
verdict brings instead of recognizing
that the vast majority of Americans are
disgusted with this mistrial and that
the justice system has yet to even come
to a real conclusion on Slater
the media instead use the Slater case to
show America's racist in the system's
evil they point to the fact that
virtually no officers are convicted for
murder which makes sense since most
officer-involved shootings occur in
disputed circumstances with criminals
and it's difficult to prove a murder
case against officers absent clear and
convincing evidence statistically
speaking 78 officers have been
prosecuted for killings in the United
States since 2005 just under 30 were in
fact convicted of manslaughter one was
convicted of murder but that just shows
that Americans hate black folks
according to The Huffington Post they
said quote black people have shown time
and time again and even when they are
unarmed or fleeing or completely
innocent and a danger to no one the
people sworn to serve and protect can
still kill them and even when almost
everyone agrees the evidence shows the
officer and the wrong the system may end
up disagreeing the system didn't
disagree here one juror did the system
allows for one juror to scuttle a death
a death verdict that doesn't prove that
the system is racist anymore than the OJ
Simpson trials idiotic verdicts prove
the system was racist against white
people but the media are still searching
for a narrative that shows white
Americans attempting to clamp down on
black Americans they really couldn't be
happy
about this verdict which they believe
justifies their suspicions but most of
America is rightly outraged and Slater
will face trial again this is the Ben
Shapiro show already so much to get see
Today Show I have to read you this is
the greatest column in the history of
mankind coming up in just a second it
really is pretty spectacular but first
we have to say hello to our friends over
at Z so so see so is this is fantastic
comedy service if you're really into
comedy if you love Netflix and Hulu but
you're interested only in comedy see so
is for you it's 399 a month I've got C
so for my family I've got some so my
wife and I wash has got the archives of
all of SNL all of Parks and Rec it's got
all of these new programs as well that
are really first-rate they have a lot of
backlog the British comedies like the
original office rookie drew base and
they also have all of these new series
including some that are quite good again
it's it's kind of your one-stop shop for
comedy and given how much my wife and I
need to laugh right now it's it's been a
godsend for us see so calm is the place
to go and it's 399 a months they have a
bunch of shows as I say that are really
really good one of the some of them just
a really a bit of a list it's a hit in
America with Jonah ray which is Jonah
ray taking you a lot of comedic tour
throughout America which is a fake
travel show the places are real but the
people are not so it's pretty funny my
wife and I have watched that a little
bit we have watched funny as hell which
is a stand-up variety show of sorts
which is it's also pretty good and then
they're bringing on new shows all the
time right now you can try see so free
for two months when you use the promo
code been at checkout so it's see so
calm and you get two months free at
checkout by using the promo code Ben it
is a great subscription service and it
really is a lot of fun to check it out
see so calm okay so I need to start
today with a column that is just the
greatest column in the history of
humanity it's just spectacular and don't
worry we'll get to Donald Trump and
going well gets it Donald Trump and and
more on carrier there's a lot of
information that's now coming out we'll
get to that all Trump in the cabinet
that ton tons of news but this column
deserves all of the attention that I can
let have a ship on it and so does
Stephanie Landy delightful human being
who penned this thing
so the title of the column is from The
Washington Post is Trump's election
stole my desire to look for a partner
well first of all if you ever are going
on a date with a woman who wrote
something like this no it is going to go
extraordinarily poorly it doesn't matter
your political perspective if your
dating life is ruined by the politics of
the federal government then I would
suggest that you need new priorities and
this is speaking of someone who immerses
himself in politics every single day
here's the column in August I went on
six dates in one week I had decided that
I was ready to look for a partner enough
of this dating unavailable men I have to
get younger than me
okay first quick note Washington Post
got some editors a half decade younger
than I they never seriously consider a
relationship with me the column
continues my two children and our needy
dog know I wanted to find an equal a man
who wouldn't feel the need to step in
and rescue me I didn't need rescuing but
I knew deep down that was only partially
true I often felt sort of loneliness
that settled in my stomach starting from
a chaotic afternoon with my children
lasting well into the night when I
pulled the covers tight around my chin I
can't imagine why this woman was having
trouble finding mr. right
as Andrew Clavin is fond of putting it
if you're if you're so confident it's
time to find mr. right perhaps you're
not mrs. right maybe you actually need
to fix yourself first I've been on my
own with my kids for most of the past
decade I have no idea what a supportive
partner would even look like in my house
I imagined it as some sort of potluck we
both bring the things we have to offer
and place them on the team it would be
my task and keep everyone's schedule on
track but sit next to his ability to fix
cars cook well read books and silly
voices then we'd feast of the stores six
first dates I had an August - men seemed
promising one of them met me at a
brewery we chatted happily through two
beers finally I was out of a job
interview mode I'd fallen into while
sitting across from strangers I relaxed
I laughed and it wasn't the laugh I did
just because it was real this is no
romantic stop deep deep soul-searching
stuff we dated for a few weeks before he
admitted he wasn't ready for something
serious
wouldn't you have wanted to but I just
get a little bit of dating strategy for
folks on the first day you should find
out whether something is serious or not
like on the very first day my wife and I
knew on the first date that we were both
looking for marriage you know what that
did it saved us both a lot of headache
here the count continues two days later
the other of those good dates called me
out of the blue we talked for a while
and I asked him to dinner things were
falling it missed a place a feast was
laid on the table
it looked delicious but but here's where
it gets really good guys it's really
awesome you're gonna it's it's awesome
okay but two weeks later the election
happened dawn dawn dawn dawn oh my god
once it was clear that Donald Trump
would be present instead of Hillary
Clinton I want to gather my children in
bed with me and cling to them like we
would have thunder and lightning were
raging outside with winds high enough
that the power might go out and then
we'd sing and then we would sing the
song from Sound of Music about kittens
and noodles and such the world felt that
precarious to me I first of all it
sounds from being elected made your
world filled a precarious you have no
faith in the American governmental
system and also I would recommend that
you take a look in the mirror Hillary
Clinton wasn't in many great shakes my
oldest came out of her room the next
morning to show me the money the tooth
fairy had left her she'd unexpectedly
had to have a tooth pulled and so brave
little went through it and I said just
think you'll always remember the day you
got a tooth pulled with the day we
elected our first female president you
can't even let your kid have have the
have the memory of the tooth bowling
without you without I mean I do think
the most do you thing by the way I
related that if we had had Hillary
Clinton as president and a tooth bowing
on the same day there is a certain
amount of some sense when I told her
trumpet one she protested but mom you
said Hillary was going to win a lot of
people thought the same thing I said I
hugged her a little scared to send her
to school out into the big sky country
of the red state where we live what you
think people are just gonna go out and
start murdering people who are Democrats
in red states sorry it turns out that
the murder rates are through are largely
in this country confined to blue areas
even in red states so I mean if you if
you're worried about the safety of your
kid maybe you shouldn't live in a blue
area twenty minutes later at a stoplight
on the way to drop off my two-year-old
to take care of steam started creeping
out from under the hood of my car it was
Trump Trump didn't he somehow went under
the hood of her car and made the steam
emanate my god the man can do anything
fortunately my mechanics job was nearby
my radiator was cracked in two places
right at the top I really wouldn't feel
comfortable with you driving it one of
the mechanics said luckily a new
radiator could easily be obtained and
installed that day I thanked them
I didn't start crying until I had
crossed the street to walk home we had a
few miles to go so I carried my daughter
I didn't mind carrying her I still had
that urge to claim her and keep her
close it was cold that
morning but the Sun starts warmest
enough to remove our hats it was though
God was smiling upon us in spite of
Trump Satan halfway home
my tears stopped and my despair and grew
to appreciation I have the means to fix
our car I on my own can support my
family I not only have the strength to
keep it together mentally and
emotionally that's questionable but I
also have the strength to carry my
daughter home I have the strength to
carry all of us really dead left can you
carry me as I'm tired right now that
urge to cling to my family while keeping
our foundation strong didn't mesh well
with continuing to date the man I'd be
seeing he also has a daughter he too had
been feeling a lot of the same emotions
I was experiencing hopelessness fear
uncertainty about the future panic over
having to talk to my 9 year olds about
anything that might come up at school or
what to do in the instance of sexual
assault oh yeah hold on hold on to you
we're going to talk to your daughter
about sexual assault if the first
gentleman
actually raped people but you are
definitely gonna have to talk about it
now because Trump or something says but
I couldn't reach out to him anymore this
new guy he was too new too unfamiliar
yeah you sound like a pillar of strength
lady and my focus had to be on my
community of friends that are my family
I need to fiercely love the people close
to me instead of learning to love
someone new to reach out to others could
weaken the bonds that hold my family
together I can't I told him I just can't
I've lost the desire to attempt the
courtship phase the future is uncertain
I'm not the optimistic person I was on
the morning of November 8th wearing a
t-shirt with nasty woman written inside
a red heart yeah who wouldn't want to
date this cool look seriously what's
wrong with that nutty guy wants to date
this goodness gracious I went on a date
and someone wouldn't showed up wearing a
political slogan said nasty woman I bet
oh my god get me the hell out of here as
fast as possible that makes me want to
cry thinking of that of seeing my oldest
in the shirt I bought her in Washington
DC that says future president I don't
understand she can't be present anymore
cuz Hilary wasn't we didn't like the the
crazy old crone lady who was corrupt in
every conceivable way so your daughter
can't be President now and really if you
put this is this idolatrous worship food
politics I mean it sucks on both sides
and it's really bad on the left Wow
there is no room for dating in this
place of grief dating means hope I've
lost that hope in seeing the words
president-elect Ron all hope is lost
cling to your loved ones from comes for
thee okay like there are people like me
we're not real big on the Trumpster okay
I like it as you may have noticed I
think Trump does a lot of stupid things
I think he does some smart things I
think the Trump does a lot of bad things
I think he does some good things I think
he's a mixed bag but goodness gracious I
mean like you can't take care of your
kid cuz you're so upset about Trump you
can't you have to cling to your loved
ones hide beneath the blankets Trump is
coming and then you see the windows
rattling oh my god
windows are rattling you look outside
boom there's this crazy face with the
hair goodness gracious you enough to
like the outcome of elections mean I was
very upset when it turned out the two
nominees from the parties or people I
couldn't stand but I somehow went on
with my life somehow I still had date
night somehow we still brought up our
kids somehow I didn't feel the need to
and a half-year-old that her life in
America was over the country was
finished it's just amazing amazing how
over the top the folks on the left are
okay so so I just had to share that with
you because it's conceivable way it is
just it's too it's too glorious okay so
next onto on to Trump so Trump this
morning did something that is very smart
now I think that Republicans are about
to run into a pretty significant
conundrum and it's a conundrum that I've
been sort of loathe to to cover because
it's not clear yet if Trump's gonna be
popular or not but I think he's actually
making some very very smart political
moves moves that are likely to make him
more popular than he is now he's a
headline generating president he's a
president who cares almost solely about
headlines that's a pretty good way to
become popular if you're just reactive
to the headline so there's a headline
and it says carriers leaving so the
first thing you do is you you brandish a
club and you tell carrier to get back in
a line and then you get a good headlines
there's a poll out today that shows 60%
of Americans are more likely to like
Trump after the carrier deal there's
also a headline today worth noting the
carrier is raising its prices that is
not a coincidence when you force carrier
to absorb additional costs in the form
of work in the United States their
prices will go up presumably they will
lose business or presumably you'll have
to pay more for an AC piece of machinery
but in any case the fact is that that
made
I'm popular so Trump is now carrying
that logic forward he's just gonna do a
bunch of things that have no real
ideological route to them other than
they make Trump popular and he feels
like doing what he wants and this is not
something I'm a fan of you know I did I
talked to last week about this
philosophy of pragmatism pragmatism
isn't a philosophy pragmatism is the
basic idea that you are independently as
president of the United States capable
of solving all problems and therefore we
should hand you ultimate power you can't
be pragmatic unless you have power if
you ask me to fix your window you gave
me the power to fix your window you
can't tell me that you want me to fix
the window and then I have to go through
a whole rigmarole in order to do it
people who say therefore pragmatist
presidents really mean therefore
therefore tyrannical presidents they
want a president with the power to do
anything they want the President to do
that's sort of the the mode from which
Trump operates he thinks I alone can
solve and that means that he's actually
going to probably be kind of popular
because he will solve some problems that
are in the headlines while creating new
problems that don't see the headlines
that the problem with the carrier deal
as I said and problem with some of the
other actions Trump is about to take is
that these are things that have some
very good headlines because there's a
clear beneficiary in this case the
people working a carrier but there are a
lot of diffuse victims so all the people
have to pay additional taxes in order to
pay the subsidy all the other companies
who didn't get the subsidy and asked
compete with carrier all the people who
would be making money in other branches
of United Technologies and now the money
has to be delegated to paying these
people in in Indiana so it's there are
all sorts of diffused costs this is what
the great economist Basquiat said and
when he talked about infrastructure
projects his basic take was government
always wants to build roads and
infrastructure every dollar that spends
on a road comes from every job that's
created by government is a job taken
away from somebody and that's the
reality but but that said all of this
stuff actually makes Trump more popular
not less so today's exercise in Trump's
kind of brilliant populism comes
courtesy of Boeing so Trump tweeted this
today here's Trump's tweet and he
tweeted about Boeing thusly
he said Boeing is building a brand-new
747 Air Force One for future presidents
the costs are out of control more than
four billion dollars cancel order so
aside from the the kind of hilarity of
Donald's from trying to cancel an a
federal contract on Twitter it isn't
really really smart political movement
it's a very smart political move
because it looks like he's trying to cut
waste and fraud and it also looks like
he's trying to do it even at his own
expense he I'm the president and I'm
giving up my fancy new plane in order to
cut waste and fraud never buying the
trillion-dollar infrastructure package
I'm pledging I'm trying cut waste and
fraud with regard to Air Force one
number one couple couple minor issues
one we don't actually know where the
waste and fraud is in this particular
contract or even if there is waste and
fraud Air Force one contains an enormous
amount of new technology every time the
updated Air Force one hasn't been
updated in 30 years that's not to say
this is the best contract or the most
necessary contract it's just deployment
yeah like to see the contract that Trump
signs to replace this one for the update
of Air Force One but this is really
smart stuff and here's what Trump had to
say when he was asked about it at Trump
Tower today let's clip 17 this morning
about cancelling the contract for the
new Air Force while the plane is totally
out of control it's gonna be over four
billion dollars for Air Force one
program and I think it's ridiculous I
think Boeing is doing a little bit of a
number we weren't going to make a lot of
money but not that much money okay thank
you so so great politics right smart
politics because now it looks like he's
just trying to get rid of bad contracts
you know the general idea that there are
a lot of people who are protesting about
what he said there where he says we want
Boeing to make a lot of money but not
that much money there are some people
saying well that's the equivalent of
Obama saying that he doesn't want
companies making too much money not
quite the same thing because here you're
talking about a federal contract under
the purview of the Trump administration
so if you said that broadly if he said
broadly we don't want people making too
much money then you're in trouble I mean
that's what Obama said but he was just
saying in this federal contract we think
that we're being charged too much we
want to renegotiate the contract the end
of the world very smart politics worth
noting Boeing did take a significant hit
the stock market this morning they're
down about 64 cents in their stock price
just because Trump said this and again
I'd like to see if there's a better
contract available is there a better
contract available so this is good if
there's a better contract available it's
not politics even if there is no better
contract available because it looks like
Trump is standing tall to the to the
evil corporations and we're gonna save
on waste and fraud this sort of headline
seeking stuff from Trump is very often
smart politics here's another example
yesterday
Donald Trump meets with Al Gore so the
entire right is is upset about this we
think it's very silly why is Al Gore
this hoaxster with regard to climate
change and he is because his solutions
even if you believe in man-made climate
change and there is some evidence to
suggest that it's true there's no proper
solution to it and certainly the carbon
credit scheme that Al Gore has gotten
rich off of is a scam and all of the
predictions that Al Gore has made about
the climate over the past decade in An
Inconvenient Truth all of those have
turned out to be exaggerated or false Al
Gore goes and he meets with Ivanka and
then he meets with Trump directly and
here's the reality Donald Trump has
spent his career telling a lot of
different things to a lot of different
people on policy in 2009 first solution
to climate change is a full-page letter
in The New York Times
very much - left on climate change and
then swiveled on it and now apparently
he's sort of swiveling back
Al Gore comes out he says that was a
really great meeting loved it really
terrific
here's the deal Al Gore goes to Trump
Tower and he comes out and suddenly
Trump he looks like he's willing to hear
from the other side now people on the
right are not particularly happy about
this we think Al Gore is a fraudster but
does that really matter very much it
from not really he knows that everybody
on the right is is enmeshed in his halo
effect right everybody is so excited
that he won everybody is so excited that
hillary lost that they're willing to
kind of brush this off no big deal now
to be fair we wouldn't done the same
thing with Jeb Bush we wouldn't done the
same thing with Rubio or Cruz if any of
them and said you know what I'm meeting
with Al Gore we just said no you're not
no that's a bad thing Trump does it and
now it's okay and again it's popularity
as substitute for Princeton he's doing a
lot of things to make himself popular
and more broadly appealing which is
smart for him but I'm not sure that it's
smart for Republicans and not yet and
it's certainly not conservatives who
have actually care about principle
because Trump is doing all these things
that are popular it's very easy for
people to get sucked into the game of
mistaking popularity for truth it's
mistaking popularity for principle
Kellyanne Conway tweeted out that poll
that I mentioned earlier about the
popularity of the carrier movie and what
I tweeted back was I was unaware
popularity amounts to doing good right
when when Barack Obama did things that
were popular but we didn't like them we
said those are bad things to do people
forget this but in February 2009 when
Obama first took office he proposed the
800 billion dollar stimulus package that
thing had 60% 60% right the exact same
number as the carrier Deal 60% approval
for that according to the Gallup poll
taken February 2009 and then later it
turned out to be a boondoggle was a good
policy cuz it was popular of course not
popularity never means that something is
automatically good Justin Bieber is
popular does that mean that Justin
Bieber is a quality musician and Kim
Kardashian is popular does that mean the
Kim Kardashian is is some sort of whiz
kid it's easy to get sucked into this in
politics because again we tend to see
politics this team sport is our team
winning or his aren't seem losing so
rush limbaugh sort of made this argument
yesterday the Trump is winning he's
winning big Lee and because he's winning
big Lee that means that we have to give
him a green light on a lot of the stuff
he's doing he says one offense with
drunkards rush yesterday Trump is not on
defense folks we are on offense with
Donald Trump and that's one of the
reason of the big invisible unspoken
reasons why he has such loyalty is
because people who support him are just
like a lot of you in this audience fed
up with being on defense and being on a
team that never fought back much less
won on offense but these tweets
and this illmatic or unpredictable
behavior keeps Trump's opponents on
defense and believe me it is a delight
ok and then so so Rush loves the fact
listen I like the fact that if you were
conservative I'd love the fact that he
was not offense to him as you know my
basic strategy on policies never be on
defense always be on offense so I agree
with Russia's general tenor my only
question is is he on offense in favor of
good things or is he not on offense in
buffet in defense of good things like
the tactics I can appreciate I'm saying
right now he's what he's doing right now
to actively is actually quite brilliant
he's picking issues off the tree
headlines off the tree and then he is
using those headlines in order to boost
his own popularity and then 5:00 in the
morning he sets the agenda for the day
with some tweet that drives the practice
totally insane it's actually quite
brilliant what he's doing what he's
doing is effective no question at some
attention rush
actually went ahead and praise the one
trillion dollar stimulus package Trump
is apparently planning Trump actually
follows through on this trillion dollars
to modernize airports you're gonna have
conservative arguments against it
claiming this is not how it works this
is still federal spending it's still
budget busting it's still massively
expanding the government however there
will be tangible results and if Trump
does this and if there are witness table
demonstrable results of modernization at
airports you're gonna be hard-pressed to
get people to find a problem with it
okay but it's your job to explain why
that's a problem right as a conservative
it's Russia's job to then go on and only
strong the political benefits of from
doing it but it's his job as a
conservative to now explaining not just
as a third party sort of observer Rush
goes well you know some conservatives
will find problems with it why will they
find problems with it explain why is
this bad or are you just gonna pretend
that it's not that bad because Trump's
doing it and it's popular Mike Pence is
doing the same thing Mike Pence was
asked repeatedly on MSNBC today about
Donald Trump's proposal for a 35% tariff
on any company that puts a job outside
the United States which by the way also
encourages companies not to hire up it
actually encourages companies to hire
fewer people because the last thing you
want to do is hire a hundred people you
have to fire 50 an outsourced instead
what you'd prefer to do is start your
business immediately by hiring a bunch
of people outside the country then
you're not outsourcing because you never
fired anybody inside the country in
order to place jobs out of the country
Mike Pence is doing the same thing it
popular Trump won therefore that makes
the policy okay here's what pence had to
say Donald Trump tweeted about a 35%
tariff on American companies who produce
things and try to bring them back into
the United States those are not
conservatives do you really believe in
those things well I believe I believe
very much that the American people voted
on November 8th for change and change in
our domestic policy and in many ways
change in our economic relationships
around the world I mean the
president-elect ran on a commitment to
renegotiate NAFTA to pull out of the TPP
agreement and the deal with countries in
the Asian Pacific Rim on an
jool basis and negotiate trade
agreements you support American workers
and American jobs did you support DP you
know I did but when when I first sat
down with President Elect we talked
about this he pointed to the fact that
whether it's NAFTA or some of these
other large agreements that when when
the United States enters into these
agreements with multiple countries and
accountability is very difficult and
getting out of them is very you're a
freak okay so this is so magical right
determinism why because Trump won and I
know that people have voted for Trump
again this logic didn't hold with Obama
it shouldn't hold for Trump I understand
what Trump is doing and yes it's
brilliant politically because all he's
doing is doing what Democrats have done
for 50 years watch I'm gonna use a lot
of infrastructure in order to pay off
all my friends and I'm gonna build a
giant Dam and then I'm gonna put my name
on it and it's gonna say FDR right on
the side and then I'm gonna be super
popular right LBJ did the exact same
thing or Eisenhower's freeway system
right all these all these infrastructure
projects are ways of gaining popularity
and it's a way of getting popularity
when you leverage your company that's
not to say it's bad but I've never said
it's bad politics it isn't bad politics
it's smart politics but smart politics
and doing the right thing are not
equivalent they're not the same thing
Barack Obama very smart politician
didn't do the right thing there is a
danger here beyond the principle there
is a danger here beyond the principle
and this is a real question for a lot of
conservatives right so it's a real
question for a lot of conservatives and
that question is and what happens if
Donald Trump does his day to day
pragmatism routine he generates a lot of
good headlines for himself but his
overall policy is not good this is what
we call the Obama model where Obama
would do something get a great headline
out of it people would like him people
would think he's great on Kimmel and
then his overall policies like Obamacare
right his big world changing policies
kind of suck so you do something they
worry he's looking look at Obama now he
just went and he helped this this poor
family from Wichita and then he would go
out and push a policy that affects all
Americans and we think it stinks we
don't punish Obama because we like Obama
because he's had all of these great
headlines we punish the Democrats and so
the Democratic Party ends up hollowed
out from the inside right everybody else
pays the price
for Obama's bad economic policies
Republicans could face the same
conundrum here you got a very popular
president and Trump for example because
he's doing this kind of reactive
politics see something on the news
do something about it see something on
the news do something about it but the
broad policy strokes stink right 35%
tariffs that raise prices on American
goods make consumers pay out through the
nose make American workers pay more
because we use inputs from other
countries create an interest in for
American companies in outsourcing
immediately instead of later and not
hiring enough now because they don't
want to be punished for firing people
later right what if the broad policy
strokes end up with Republicans getting
punished in Congress Republicans getting
punished on the state level Republicans
getting punished in gubernatorial
offices because let's say that these
policies from look like 35% tariffs end
up helping lead to a recession but Trump
is doing fine because all of his
headlines are about what an activist he
is now he's on top of these things so
he's taking them one by one Republicans
on a political level are going to have
to actually consider whether that's
worthwhile or not and now they're stuck
between a rock and a hard place because
let's say the Trump is very popular and
pushing a very unpopular policy but he's
pushing it so it's more popular but we
know that when it goes into effect it's
gonna stink now what a Republicans do
troubled bashed them over the head in
fact he's activating Kellyanne and
Conway apparently to create this outside
government interest group that is going
to just stomp for trumpism that's all
it's gonna do it's gonna help primary
his opponents and it's going to punish
people who don't agree with him and it's
going to be sort of this this
large-scale organizing for action style
Barack Obama campaign to continuing
campaign organization this is a
conundrum for Republicans it's a problem
for Republicans and it's something
they're gonna have to consider well
before we before we move on I have to
say hello to our advertisers Oprah Birch
gold so again if you're looking at some
of these economic policies and they're
worrying you if you're concerned that
we're headed toward some economic
policies that damage the economy that
are going to raise prices that are going
to make things more expensive it would
be worthwhile for you to take some of
your portfolio and invested in precious
metals Birch gold can do that for you
they help you convert your 401k or your
IRA to a 280 precious metals without any
sort of tax consequences it's
birchgold.com at /bin birchgold.com
slash Bream there's a 16 page free kit
that they will send to you ask all of
your questions get all your answers and
then when you're ready to invest in
precious metals
talk to my friends over at Birch gold
they're the folks that I would trust and
yes I do have money invested in precious
metals because everybody should have at
least a little bit of money invested in
precious metals as a hedge against
government intervention ISM okay so the
big question for Republicans is going to
be will they stand up to trump or should
they politically stand up for Trump and
this is a sort of strategic question
which is how do you hope to get the best
out of the Trump presidency and you get
the best out of the Trump presidency by
calling him out when he makes a mistake
or do you assume he's going to do some
bad stuff and some good stuff and you
push him to further power because you
hope that the good is gonna outweigh the
bad that's a real tactical question all
I can say is that trusting a politician
too much has never ended well trusting a
politician to do more good than bad
comes along with a lot of bad and
calling out politicians for doing the
wrong things seems to be a more
intellectually coherent and politically
advantageous position now as we continue
we're gonna continue over at Daly
wire.com
so if you we have to let go on Facebook
and YouTube but go over to Daly wire.com
right now to subscribe $8 a month we'll
get you a subscription just stitch that
one hamburger
it'll make you skinnier it also make you
wiser $8 a month Daly wire.com annual
subscription you buy it right now you
get my novel through lesions you get
that sign you get access to the mailbag
which is of course the most phenomenal
mailbag the number ones will be doing
that on Thursday we have all sorts of
new goodies coming for members including
a Members Store which is coming in just
a few weeks you get big discounts if you
remember make sure you go over to Daley
whiter calm right now and sign up we are
the largest conservative podcast in the
United States
you
