Thanksgiving is upon us and that means
it's time to stop our complaining and
our worrying and to set aside our anger
against our neighbor just because he
tried to ruin the country forever by
supporting the most corrupt political
hack ever to sell an economically
crippling and politically enslaving
platform of eternal misery that any
idiot could have seen was a looming
disaster for anything and everything we
hold dear was I talking about
oh yeah we're setting aside our anger at
that gormless schmuck and taking some
time to think about all the things we're
grateful for for me this Thanksgiving as
I kneeled to say my prayers in the very
place where I lost consciousness of the
night before I'll be saying special
thanks that I was born and raised in the
greatest country on the face of the
earth and only moved here after after
that unfortunate incident with my 15
year old cousin Amalia who told me I
better emigrate before her sorry about
that I will get through the rest of this
I'll also be saying thanks that I live
in the land of the free and the home of
the brave where men are men more often
than not and women are probably women
though you might want to double check
before you do anything involving leather
pants and lotion this Thanksgiving I'll
be thankful that I have enough to eat
and I'll remember that I want to share
that bounty with the hungry children
around the world though not as much as I
want the new Xbox one because gears of
four looks absolutely amazing so maybe
I'll keep help the hungry children of
the world nearer to Christmas when I'll
probably feel a little more guilty
because of all that stuff about the baby
Jesus although I bet if the baby Jesus
were here he'd want the new Xbox too
especially after he saw the previews for
Gears of War 4 another thing I'll be
thankful for this year is the presidency
of Barack Obama because through his
leadership and his intelligence and his
personal decency he fundamentally
transformed this country into a place
where a Democrat couldn't get elected
streetsweeper
if streetsweeper were an elected
position in which case a Democrat would
probably be suited to the job and still
couldn't get elected and finally this
Thanksgiving I want to give a special
thanks to all of you my audience because
you make this show possible by watching
and listening instead of getting a job
or answer
that work-release program the warden
keeps telling you about or finally
completing rehab so that your wife can
come back to you without having to worry
about waking up in the middle of the
night to find you standing over her bed
with an axe in your hands and a sad
expression on your face it's people like
you who keep this show and many of our
finer correctional facilities and
business so happy Thanksgiving to you
all and remember if you're going to
drink and drive keep your eyes shut
because you don't want to see
it's been a while I was on a roll you
know I gotta must have gotten through
like four or five of those without crack
you know reset the clock to zero all
right finally and it's mailbag day all
your questions answers answers are
guaranteed a hundred percent correct huh
and we have our special Andrew Clavin
show sign I have my hat with the buckle
on I was wondered if they were there
buckles on their hats that their pants
fall down it's just a little history
question for you all so here's the thing
that I have learned over this season
over this political season here's the
thing I've learned about politics what
I've learned about politics is nobody
learns anything everybody just does
exactly the same thing over and over and
over again so if people like you look
back and now the Democrats are sort of
saying oh oh you know we were hysterical
about Mitt Romney we were hysterical
about John McCain but now now we see
Donald Trump and were hysterical you
know and then never occurs to them that
they're just hysterical you know it's
them it's that the other but the on the
other side on our side you know went
before the election the day before the
election my wife was making some remark
about how obviously Hillary Clinton was
gonna win and I said to her you know I
must be the dumbest person in America
because I'm the only person I know who
doesn't know what's gonna happen you
know I said I I don't I think Hillary
Clinton's gonna win everybody keeps
telling me that but I don't know that's
gonna happen because it's such a weird
year you know so now we have this trump
presidency and everybody's hysterical
people are hysterical on the left
because you know he's a Nazi or whatever
you know Steve Bannon is eating Jews in
his spare time and and people are
hysterical on the right because
everything he does
that's max of not being an Orthodox
right winger which he's obviously not we
knew that already you know they say oh
my god now he's gonna do this knows I
must be the dumbest guy in America cuz I
am the only person who cannot tell what
this guy is gonna do because his words
don't mean anything you know I mean this
was one of my complaints about him along
the way was that he says things and then
you know yeah I said that but we're not
gonna do it so yesterday he goes and
meets with the New Yor
times which first of all he said he
wasn't gonna do right we were laughing
about this because he sent out a tweet
saying no the failing New York Times I'm
not gonna meet with the failing New York
Times forget the fail then he went met
with the failing New York Times so and
and he's been he's been lambasting them
this whole time about they're liars and
that's so unfair very unfair very unfair
so Maggie Haberman was one of their
Times correspondents you know works this
is by the way we're talking about the
former newspaper The New York Times
right it's just for those of you who
don't remember when there used to be a
newspaper called the New York time
Maggie Haberman who is one of the
correspondents who covered from she says
he came and it was all friendly she gave
this interview to CNN this is the first
it was a very cordial meeting it look he
started out defensive his arms were
crossed very tightly as he delivered a
pretty common tone diatribe against our
coverage so that he thought that over
all the papers that we had been the most
unfair that it was very tough that we
were the toughest you know and then said
and this is what surprised me that he
believed that having a good relationship
with us would make governing easier for
him in terms of what he would like to do
and so so all of a sudden he's friendly
he calls the newspaper a great great
American jewel a world jewel this is
according according to the story at
times what happened to the family New
York Times you know suddenly it's a
world it's a world jewel I mean you know
I wonder does it bother all the people
like like those Nazis we watch yesterday
victory you know you know it's one thing
I get that they're crazy Nazis I get
that you know the guys talking about I
love the part where that guy was his
name Richard Spencer he's talking about
the Sun people where the Sun people in
our blood is victory
it's like 10,000 years of a civilization
then this guy's acting like he lives in
a jungle you know yes we our son Bieber
that's why we are better than blacks you
know I could just see some black college
professor you know thinking that that
was this meant talking about the Sun
people like he sounds like a primitive
so what are they so happy
about nobody knows what this guy's gonna
do so now first of all play Trump
talking but this is before the election
at the debate this is what Trump says
he's gonna do to Hillary Clinton if he
wins if I win I am going to instruct my
Attorney General to get a special
prosecutor to look into your situation
because there has never been so many
lies so much deception there has never
been anything like it and we're gonna
have a special prosecutor when I speak I
go out and speak the people of this
country are furious in my opinion the
people that have been long-term workers
at the FBI are furious there has never
been anything like this where emails and
you get a subpoena you get a subpoena
and after getting the subpoena you
delete 33,000 emails and then you acid
wash them or bleach them as you would
save her expensive process so we're
gonna get a special prosecutor and we're
gonna look into it because you know what
people have been their lives have been
destroyed for doing one fifth of what
you've done and it's a disgrace and
honestly you ought to be ashamed of okay
so now here's Maggie Haberman what
happened they asked him this was the
first question she says she asked him to
cut ten I began at the session and asked
them to clarify he was talking about the
emails and the Clinton Foundation he was
talking about both in terms of backing
away from an investigation he made clear
that he recognized there is a limit to
you know what power there is no White
House in fact the president supposed to
have nothing to do with this in terms of
the Department of Justice is supposed to
be independent which was always a
criticism of the the FBI investigation
into Clinton was his and others argument
was this must have been politicized he
said that he thinks that she has
suffered enough that she has been
drowned paraphrasing here but that she
has been through too much this was a
brutal campaign and then said that the
Clinton Foundation some say has done
good work which is a little bit
different than the you know it's a it's
a scam wine that we heard from him and
Rudy Giuliani for most of the final
weeks of the campaign okay so now that's
off the table and as as Trump himself
said and this was kind of
under-reported I think they kind of made
it sound even the New York Times was
kind of making fun of Trump for saying
this because of course the Justice
Department is supposed to be independent
and making their decisions independently
and the Attorney General should make
this decision but of course never
bothered the New York Times when Loretta
Lynch was sitting on a plane with Bill
Clinton well they were investigating
Hillary that wasn't a big deal but okay
so so he himself says he doesn't have
the right to make this decision but this
is the way he feels and Kellyanne Conway
his spokeswoman says this is a signal
he's sending this is on on Morning Joe I
think when the president-elect who's
also the head of your party now Joe
tells you before he's even inaugurated
he doesn't wish to pursue these charges
it sends a very strong message tone and
content to the members and I think
Hillary Clinton still has to face the
fact that a majority of Americans don't
find her to be honest or trustworthy but
if Donald Trump can help her heal then
perhaps that's a good thing I do look I
think he's thinking of many different
things as he prepares to become the
president of the United States and
things that would sound like the
campaign aren't among them that's an
amazing thing to say though he's
thinking about many things as he
prepares to become president of the
United States and things that sound like
the campaign aren't among them the
things that he promised you things that
the crowds remember this massive crowd
shouting lock her up lock her up lock
her up now don't get me wrong I think
this is a good thing I don't think he
should prosecute Hillary Clinton I mean
play Krauthammer Krauthammer explains
what I think it's the right thing
procedurally not quite but this is the
equivalent of the him saying issuing a
part and a lot of people are saying but
what about justice here was the point of
the pardon power which is always rather
odd in any Constitution is to allow
political expediency or if you like
reasons of state to trump justice
obviously being an issue a pardon your
going around justice but you're saying
some things for the country are more
important like the Nixon pardon he might
have been guilty he never was tried but
it was done so that the country wouldn't
have to suffer that
a national nightmare anymore and it was
a right thing to do which I think many
people today who objected at the time
recognized
I think it's right to do it you put that
behind us yes they're probably offenses
which are prosecutable maybe she would
be convicted but that's not what we want
to do we do not one national political
opponents putting each other in jail so
even though procedurally he's not
supposed to to say this because he's not
the one who would decide whether there
would be a special prosecutor it's the
equivalent of saying when I'm sworn in I
would issue a pardon and that's I think
the right thing to do
so I agree with this and I agree you
know Gerald Ford essentially ended his
political career lost the election
basically on the basis of giving a
pardon to Richard Nixon but you're right
in a country that prides itself on the
peaceful transfer of power you don't put
your political opponents in jail unless
they're out there you know shooting
people or whatever and you certainly
don't go out of your way to prosecute
them and again it's not Trump's decision
or shouldn't be Trump's to say decision
but it's it's just it's just the easy
way that the promises get thrown away
that I just I just wonder because look
I'm a reluctant Trump supporter right
and by the way I'm still I'm still
really happy I voted for Donald Trump I
think we dodged the bullet I really do I
think we dodged a bullet I think having
that the corrupt Democrat machine that
Obama constructed out of the IRS and the
Justice Department and all the rest I
mean that taken over by someone who is
inherently money corrupt like Hillary
Clinton would have been a disaster I
think this political correctness thing
is a disaster I think identity politics
is a disaster I think the army has been
transformed into a social experiment and
needs to get back to the business of
killing people which is what our army is
meant to do breaking stuff and killing
people you know all those things I think
Donald Trump will help us do but does it
doesn't it bother these guys who are so
passionate about Trump doesn't it bother
him when he just changes his mind when
they're out there screaming lock her up
lock her up and then it's like yeah not
so much that's I just I just wonder
about it I mean it's what your word
means and that in a way you know the the
Hillary Clinton thing was the least of
it because here's Maggie Haberman this
correspondent for The New York Times
here she is saying a
other things that he says this is her on
the on the big news I think two things I
think that him sort of retreating from
some of the most extreme positions he
had taken and again they were treating
is I'm not quite sure where he is on
some of them but on climate change he
allowed for the possibility you know
said he thinks there is some
connectivity with his word between
humans and climate change that's very
different to what he had said you know
he had this tweet many many years ago or
not not that many but a number of years
ago about how climate change was some
kind of a hoax and you know suggested
that he was open to the Paris Accords he
was a little a little more muted on that
he also basically said you know yes I
I'm I'm still at my business I'm still
doing things and declared that it's not
possible for the president to have a
conference just because anything could
be a conflict of interest it's a pretty
breathtaking statement I mean he said
and he is correct that we have never had
a situation with an incoming president
with as sprawling a set of business
entanglements as he has it doesn't mean
that the real estate holdings are vast
or the empire as fast as I have seen
when critics talk about it on Twitter
but it does mean there are a lot of
different complications you know he used
during the campaign the phrase lying
trust because thing I'm going to put in
a blind trust and my children will run
it that isn't that those two things are
mutually well a couple of things on that
and we'll have the mailbag coming up but
we have to say goodbye to our friends on
Facebook and YouTube come on over to the
Daily wire and hear the rest if you're a
subscriber you can ask questions even in
real time
