last week we took a look at some of the
possible developments that might occur
if Hillary Clinton is elected president
my purpose was to help explain why you
might suddenly find yourself on a world
bereft of every vestige of life except
in a radiated North Korean dictator
doomed to watch the sex scene from the
interview on TV until his hideous death
brings the story of mankind to an end
it's kind of hard to explain today I'd
like to take a look at what might be in
store for us if Donald Trump should win
the presidency which he won't but if he
does which will never happen but just in
case although he's not going to although
he might but he won't that's possible
let me remind you that as a professional
political commentator I am licensed to
look into the future don't try this on
your own or else you might find out
about that thing your husband's going to
do with the girl from the sales
department about six months from now
April 23rd at nine p.m. to be exact at
her apartment on Melrose but back to
Donald Trump first of all in order for
Donald Trump to overcome his
disadvantage in the polls a large number
of citizens would have to gather in the
village square wiring Tyrol Ian hats and
then charge up the hill to the castle
carrying torches and shouting give us
the monster finally chasing Hillary
Clinton to an abandoned windmill which
they set on fire as Clinton claws the
air and mute rage and terror having
found herself misunderstood by a
heartless world which she's ripped off
for upwards of 200 million dollars in
the aftermath of the Trump victory many
journalists may find themselves
experience intense internal pressure
which will violently tear them apart
from the neck up so that they spew the
black tar of corruption and dishonesty
that they keep where their brain should
be splattering the shocked faces of the
people surrounding them well then of
course break into delighted laughter and
slow clap ironically in the ensuing
absence of mainstream media coverage
Democrats will suddenly be forced to
argue for the logic morality and
efficacy of their policies causing the
party to disintegrate when several
highly placed officials suddenly realize
that they're communists and put
themselves under arrest seizing
themselves by the arms and trying to
drag themselves to the local jail until
they find out that like communism that
doesn't make any sense either finally
when enough journalists have exploded
and enough Democrat Party
are pulling themselves in circles by the
arm because they've never learned to
stop doing things that don't work Donald
Trump will assume the office of the
presidency taking the familiar oath I
swear big league that I will execute the
office of President better than anyone
else ever has you'll be amazed folks so
help me and that's as far into the
future as I can see after that all I can
make out as an enormous mushroom-shaped
cloud and a fat little Korean man
watching a sex scene on TV forever I'm
not sure what that's about trigger
warning I'm Andrew Klavan and this is
the Andrew Clavin show is to give you
boob there's a ring you also sing shake
it see top see Noel to zip it easing
it's a wonderful life is hunky dunky
when you think about it really you know
when you considered it is donkey it's
the mailbag tomorrow dear hey so I've
got something look what make sure you
get your first of all make sure you
subscribe that's the first thing because
you don't subscribe you can people I get
these things I don't want to subscribe
it I have a question to ask forget it
forget it cuz it costs eight bucks a
month to be raclette let it go give it
over and then you get to aunt you send
in your questions we answer all of them
with answers that are guaranteed one
hundred percent correct and ninety-eight
I think it's 98.7 percent guaranteed to
change your life for the better so you
know with what's you've got nothing to
lose I do want to say by the way that
some of you pre-ordered my book the
great good thing a secular Jew comes to
faith in Christ and you have not yet
received your stickers i was just made
aware of this today I signed a whole
bunch of stickers and then we ran out so
they are on the way for some reason I
don't know what it is maybe it's our zip
code everything here takes forever so
they are coming please and I really am
sorry that it taken so long but I will
sign them the minute they get here and
send them off so a fan and Twitter
follower named Derek Grizzard I hope I'm
pronouncing that properly Derick
Brassard sent me something today that I
just love
I you know I I get things from people
and sometimes I use them on the show and
I'm always a little careful about giving
credit because they might live in Saudi
Arabia or Canada or some place where you
can't say what you want to say and if
they found listening to my show you know
they'll be carted often and put in
prison but I asked Derek's permission
and he gave me permission to give him
credit for this because this is a great
fine this is an episode of The Simpsons
obviously done during the dole clinton
election which predicts this election
okay these with the candidates haven't
been taken over by aliens it predicts
this election the politics of failure
have failed we need to make them work
again tomorrow when you are sealed in
the voting cubicle vote for me senator
Kay Bob Dole I am looking forward to an
orderly election tomorrow which will
eliminate the need for a violent
bloodbath America take a good look at
your beloved candidates they're nothing
but hideous face reptiles
it's true we are aliens but what are you
going to do about it it's a two-party
system you have to vote for one of us
right this is a party system well I
believe I'll vote for a third party
candidate go ahead throw your vote away
ah guy punches through his burrow out of
it I Jepsen lovers is do enormous aliens
with powerful fangs drooling and they
say but it's a two-party system in the
crowd goes and they're right it is a
twat so that's where we are folks that's
the Electra thanks to Derek Azhar that's
the election introduction oh and so I so
today we're going to talk about the two
parties all right Bret Stephens a
columnist who in many ways I admire I
really like when he writes about foreign
policy I find him a bit of a bit of a
snoot an establishment snoot when he
writes about the elections he kind of
linked Ted Cruz to Donald Trump
throughout the primaries and now he's
stuck with Donald Trump knees are never
Trumper and he's all excited about but
he wrote a very powerful column
basically about what has happened what
has happened to the Republican Party and
I'm going to read a very severely edited
version of it but it's worth it's worth
listening to I grew up with parents who
liked the old line that they didn't
leave the Democratic Party the
Democratic Party left them as the left
turned on America they kept faith in
America now it's my turn to watch the
Republican Party drift away to see how
far it's fallen let's remind ourselves
of where it once was and then he gives
certain topics immigration in nineteen
eighty Ronald Reagan said instead of
putting up a fence why don't we make it
possible for them to come here legally
with a work permit and then while
they're working and earning here they
pay taxes here for good measure Reagan
suggested we should open the border both
ways okay so that's a little different
than party today I think we I think it's
a line of snipers is that what Bush is
it what Trump is promising a wall and
then a line of snipers on the wall and
we just killed them before they even
think about coming up on trade adam
smith wrote in 1776 if a foreign country
can supply us with a come
oddity cheaper than we ourselves can
make better to buy it of them two
centuries later Milton Friedman noted
the trade protectionism really means
exploiting the consumer by artificially
limiting choice and raising prices for
the benefit of domestic producers Adam
Smith and Milton Friedman were once
canonical conservative figures free
trade was once a Republican conviction
this is as opposed obviously to Donald
Trump going around saying the trade is
killing us folks foreign policy since
Truman six Republican presidents have
never wavered in their view that a
robust system of treaty alliances such
as NATO are critical for defending the
international liberal order or that the
US should dissuade far away allies such
as South Korea and Saudi Arabia from
seeking nuclear weapons or that states
such as Russia should be kept out of
regions such as the Middle East now
obviously Donald Trump hates NATO and
he's saying what a great thing WikiLeaks
is and so on and finally culture
civility and character I don't forget
that we did used to be I I do remember
how we used to be the party of cultures
ability and character kiss those days
goodbye folks all of this seems to me
fair especially the free trade and this
and the culture and civility thing
immigration could be argued that the
situation has gotten so far out of
control that Reagan is now out of date
but I think on trade and culture and
civility Donald Trump certainly is far
away from the principles that I think
still work and should be conservative
principles now because too far party
system let's look at the Democrats okay
because there are some stories today
that you will not hear about elsewhere
that you may have missed that I think
are really important first of all
obviously one you probably have heard of
this project veritas more stuff from
James O'Keefe at project Veritas now he
has this guy robert kramer who is not
just you know that he's the husband of
an illinois congresswoman and he's this
political operative who is basically
kicked out of americans united for
change after all this stuff came out on
project veritas this is a guy who has
been to the White House I think it's
like over 200 times and in about 30
between 30 and 40 of those meetings mr.
Obama himself was present he was there
with this guy and here he is discussing
a dirty trick that they played on the
Trump people where they sent out people
dressed up as Donald Duck okay because
Donald
Trump wasn't putting out his taxes so
the idea was Donald is ducking his taxes
so where did they get the idea from
Donald Duck here he explains it to a
project veritas reporter without knowing
he's talking to a reporter originally
we're going to do uncle sam i want you
to text i finish that it's been done
yeah I agree that it's much easier to
execute the guy who had done this other
Chicken George thing and this other idea
and in the end it was they candidate
Hillary Clinton the future president I
and states who wanted ducks on the
ground so bye guys we can give ducks on
the river oh so it's one degree that
thing work all the time and the and it
isn't clever and a better idea so what
this clown is saying is this idea to put
Donald Duck at these meetings you know
pretending to be Donna sending the
message Donald Duck it Donald is ducking
his tax returns this came directly from
Hillary Clinton to him there's one
person who is extremely angry about this
made a statement Donald didn't like that
at all and actually they did have to
pull this you know cuzzo with disney
company said you know we have a
trademark on the guy all right now is
this is this like the worst thing ever
you know is this like exposing her
emails to you know foreign powers all
this of course it's not but I just want
you to remind you of how far we've come
all right do you remember this guy we
play this tape of Donald Segretti how do
you feel about what has happened today
well obviously I'm certainly not going
to look upon it with any great delight
beyond that I don't think I
any other comment he would let what you
did during the campaign well I certainly
regret my involvement as it may have
been improper in certain regards at the
campaign there's no question about that
obviously and I have heard for a great
great length eager to do you know what
this guy did this guy went to prison for
four months I think he was convicted on
several misdemeanors in a plea bargain
was sentenced to six months served four
months this guy was in the Nixon
administration and during the campaign
he sent letters it was Ed muskie was the
candidate and he sent letters that
looked like muskie had insulted Canada
he called them Canucks so they were
called the Canuck letters and he would
do sturdy tricks like this dirty tricks
like sending people out to beat people
up to start trouble at Trump rallies
like sending out Donald Duck people and
all this stuff there's a scene in the
movie All the President's Men that I
wish I could have found I couldn't find
it online where the reporters Woodward
and Bernstein go to segreti and segreti
is in tears because what he called this
rat effing obviously he didn't use
effing and they're probably some people
in this audience were thinking effing
what does it because we're also because
we're pure of heart here that's why but
he called it they were called it rat
effing and it was just plain dirty
tricks it was something they all learned
in college and they did together and
they sent me to jail and there's a scene
in the movie All the President's Men
where Woodward and Bernstein you're
talking to segreti and he starts to cry
and he says it was just dirty tricks was
just a jokes and they're gonna send me
to jail guess who's not going to jail
for his dirty playing dirty tricks for
all this project veritas stuff the only
person who's likely to go to jail here's
O'Keefe if he doesn't wind up shooting
himself four times in the back of the
head you know I mean but if not but is
not the only person who really could get
in trouble for all this stuff is O'Keefe
so when we're talking about how far the
Republican Party has strayed from its
principles let's remember how far all of
us have strayed from the idea of what we
expect from government let alone you
know going after grabbing women or
attacking women these people are messing
with our political system and these
dirty tricks they're probably that's its
borderline a question of if Hillary
Clinton is interacting with
if the Hillary Clinton campaign is
interacting with these super PACs it's
questionable whether it's legal or not
but it's certainly something that when
segreti did it we were all shocked and
this was a terrible thing so let's not
forget you know this is what I keep
saying about Donald Trump we can all see
what he is but we can't see what Hilary
is because it's all disguised and when
they have normalized the Democrats have
normalized corruption which brings us to
Obamacare yesterday well let's let's do
this first Fox Business Report stuart
varney put out a little montage of
people talking about obamacare when they
were trying to get it passed we have to
pass the bill so that you can find out
what is in it if you like your doctor
you will be able to keep your doctor
period if you like your health care plan
you will be able to keep your health
care plan period affordable affordable
there's a reason affordable affordable
affordable affordable affordable if you
like the plane you have you can keep it
if you like the doctor you have you can
keep your doctor to big effing deal all
right we'll be back to talk more about
this but if you're on Facebook or
YouTube you've got to come over to the
daily wire to hear the rest if you'd
already subscribed not only could you be
watching us live on the daily wire but
you could be asking your questions now
that are guaranteed to change your life
you know when you get these answers
they'll just they just you know just
suddenly a golden glow will surround you
come on over near the rest
I
