the vice presidential debate sorry my
mind drifted what was I saying
oh yeah the vice presidential debate
it'll be aired tonight it's 6:00 p.m.
Pacific opposite a riche ohing of
Goodfellas an absolutely classic film
that follows a mobster during the period
of the vice presidential debate which I
guess is what we have to talk about the
vice presidential debate will be between
two people who I guess are running for
something probably vice president hence
the name of the debate one of the
candidates is Tim Kaine maybe that's the
other candidate who could be Mike Pence
unless he isn't now this debate could be
particularly important because Donald
Trump the Republican candidate for
bizarre president is seventy years old
and can't live forever please God
whereas Hillary Clinton the Democratic
candidate for perfidious president has
of course been secretly dead for months
now in the event Trump should suddenly
die or have to be put down in the name
of public safety then Mike Pence would
have to become bizarre and by the same
token if anyone should wander into the
White House cellar and discover Hillary
Clinton's body then Tim Kaine would have
to become perfidious the question then
becomes which of these two candidates is
best qualified to become as bizarre or
as perfidious as the person they would
replace and whether that candidate is
really the other candidate or in fact
the candidate we originally thought he
was equally important is what do these
two men stand for and which of them
stands for it or is it the other one and
will it take so long to explain what
they stand for that there's a
possibility of missing the new episode
of lethal weapon which begins at 8:00
p.m. after whatever is on before
possibly the vice presidential debate
but that's another subject oh no wait
that's this subject the vice
presidential debate that's what we're
talking about now isn't it what was it
good fellows what a great movie anyway
Tim Kaine and Mike Pence or vice versa
will face off in a spirited
back-and-forth that will be moderated by
Elaine Quijano
because no one you've ever heard of
would take the job Tim Kaine is expected
to make the case that even though
Hillary Clinton is the most selfish
dishonest insincere and empty hearted
candidate to have ever run for
perfidious president he himself is such
a nice guy that he may actually turn out
to be Mike Pence Mike Pence is expected
to point out
even though Donald Trump is
temperamentally a chimpanzee who
shouldn't be allowed any closer to a
nuclear code than the Tasmanian Devil
from the Warner Brothers cartoons he
himself Mike or Tim or whichever one he
is would actually make a great president
in the event someone would just for the
love of God sneak up and back of this
Trump guy and pound him into
unconsciousness so that's the preview
for whatever we were talking about
oh yeah the vice presidential debate on
tonight opposite Goodfellas great film
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show never
gets old I could just play that thing
over and over again the whole show it's
the mailbag tomorrow our 200th show it
is our 200th show so send in your extra
special 200th anniversary questions or
10 to 200 questions or whatever you want
to do also if you if you think of it if
you're asking a question and you think
to let us know who you're leaning toward
at this point who you're leaning toward
voting for if anyone or if you just want
to get out of the country and will you
take us with you that's what we've heard
but it's the mailbag so please get your
questions in you have to subscribe to be
in the mailbag if you don't subscribe
you can watch us on Facebook or YouTube
for 15 minutes and then the police will
come to your door and confiscate your
computer but they will give you a plea
deal so you don't have to go before the
Senate and to tell how you got rid of
your emails after after we go off on
Facebook or YouTube you can come over
the Daily wire or download us on
soundcloud or iTunes but still you
cannot see this fantastic panoply of
magnificence if you don't subscribe and
you can't be on the show through the
mailbag also of course if you subscribe
you get your pure Osho to which is I've
heard it's pretty good I've never
met the man but I don't think we're
giving away the great good thing a
secular Jew comes to faith in Christ I
will not continue to I cannot stand
plugging myself so I'm gonna stop
reminding you and you're gonna miss the
experience of a lifetime
not your lifetime my lifetime a great
good thing a secular Jew comes to faith
and questions just before we start I
have to say we're really sorry about
what happened with our cultural
correspondent Michael Knowles a lot of
people who were complaining let me you
know there was a technical difficulty in
the satellite that goes around Neptune
let me be the first to take
responsibility for blaming Jonathan hey
I mean the joke was funny but we
actually can the guy literally is 25
feet away and we can't get a good
connection so from now on we're gonna
bring him into the studio and talk to
him here and if he still breaks up like
that it's him
you know maybe he just he just comes
home as a high hump for dinner you know
all right so this campaign you know this
campaign has now become so degraded that
I feel it's degrading me you know I feel
like I'm becoming a worse person for
being in a country that is having this
campaign and I really you know I've
really been thinking about this there's
something about politics there's
something about politics that is in fact
that distracts you from the important
things in life and actually gets you to
think in a way that is not good for you
and this campaign is just that writ
large if you took every instruction that
Jesus Christ ever gave his followers
judge not lest you be judged you know
forgive you forgive you know those who
trespass against politics leads you into
doing the exact opposite thing it's
really is true it is politics it's not
this is not blaming either candidate or
anything these guys just make it worse
so now we're talking about absolute
garbage we're really talking about
garbage we're talking about Trump's
legal tax returns tax returns that are
completely legal as if anyone you find
me you find me from Hillary Clinton to
the editor of the New York Times you
find me anybody
who pays more taxes than he has to pay
and I will show you a guy who should be
tarred and feathered and thrown out of
the country because he doesn't know what
he's doing you know so Trump made a
lawsuit this is how Hillary is spending
his Hillary and watch her by the way she
looks great she looks like she's really
having a good time now
and all the while he was using his
political connections to collect
hundreds of millions of dollars in
government subsidies and extra tax
breaks for his companies in other words
Trump was taking from America with both
hands and leaving the rest of us with
the bill
now he says that he's the one who can
fix things but that is like letting the
Fox guard the henhouse right and here's
what I really am just stunned by I get
stunned every day in this campaign but
here's one of the many things that I'm
stunned by he has put forth a tax plan
that would cut his own taxes even more
it would be like you're playing paying
zero you expect us to pay you to stay in
business all the rest of us in America
he'd opened the loopholes even wider and
according to a new independent study he
would actually listen to those people
because this is a real shocker his plan
would actually raise taxes for millions
of middle-class families that's the best
I've seen her but since this campaign
began that something about this debate I
mean I think that this was the big
question obviously it was a big question
in her mind whether she would go on
against Trump and he would blow her away
she had this trick that she used where
she goaded him and she baited him and
she went after him and the psychologist
told her that that he couldn't stand it
he couldn't stand it he went nuts he
went nuts and he has made an utter fool
of himself now he's starting to get his
footing back because his response to
this was excellent I thought this this
is what he should have been doing the
whole time this is the on the Trump on
influence-peddling
they haven't added a single dollar of
value people like Hillary to the
American economy Hillary Clinton hasn't
made an honest dollar in her entire life
all she does is takes from you takes
from your country and pedals influence
the donors special interests and foreign
actors for astronomical dollars like
you've never seen before it's corruption
of the highest order
you know it I know it she knows it and
plenty of other people know it but
they're not doing anything about it
well I made my money as a very
successful private businessperson
following the law all the way Hillary
Clinton made her money as a corrupt
public official breaking the law and
putting her government office up for
sale and now she's running for president
by Iran account
Hillary Clinton left the White House
dead broke
she said dead bro
and then remember she became a senator
for New York did nothing remember the
job she was going to produce you never
produced and then she became Secretary
of State and now she's been have made
more than 200 million dollars without
building a company or creating a single
thing of value I mean that's what he
should have done during the debate she
attacks you you attack her that's the
way that works you know but he has to
defend himself and whether or not
anybody has said to him Steve Bannon or
anybody else has said to him this is
your problem stop doing it I don't know
I don't know cuz he's still I mean you
know Nolte who supports some JA our
friend John Nolte who writes for The
Daily wire he supports Nolte's going
nuts I mean he's just saying this is his
fault you know I mean a lot of people
who support Donald Trump are saying you
know if this is what he's gonna be like
you know he's gonna destroy himself now
I think my my guess is he's got one more
shot and the reason is this one if he
comes back and does a good job of the
next debate then really takes her out
you know does this this sort of thing I
think all this poll stuff is just gonna
go back the way it was before it's gonna
be a very close run race I suspect I
suspect there's a little bit of
advantage to Trump outside of the polls
a lot of people who the pollsters don't
talk to probably voting for Trump but
the polls have been very accurate from
the last two elections so let's assume
they're gonna be accurate the other
advantage he has is the media it has the
media we talked about this yesterday
that they overplayed their hands there
so obviously in the tank for Hillary
that she's so obvious it's not like
Obama but first let's just take a look
here's Jim VandeHei from Politico which
is a left-wing site most of the time but
he's getting it he understands what's
happening when there are these over
reactions in the media I think one of
things that helps Donald Trump and one
of the things that discredit our our
profession is that you want you go on
Twitter and you watch the people on TV
who are supposed to be part of playing
it down the middle and that people are
watching for cues and whether they can
trust them and if every single time
you're like doing the endzone dance
because you won't make fun of Donald
Trump or you want to defend Hillary
Clinton I don't think that really helps
us suddenly really helps the voter and
it ends up I just worry at the end of
this election people are going to say
they don't like her
they don't like the Republican Party
they hate us and so the situation we
have is worse not better than three axes
and you know and this is the thing the
media's line that they're selling
selling you is that well Trump is so bad
that this time we're not going to be
objective and that is to LA I laugh haha
I thought that is my that is me laughing
you know I mean because the media sold
its soul for Obama it was always
left-leaning but it's sold its soul for
Obama and the way they have covered and
not covered the IRS scandal the shutdown
a free speech throughout the
administration the disaster Obama's
disastrous decision-making in the Middle
East today in The Wall Street Journal a
guy named Lawrence Lindsey had a thing
where he just compared he said it was
called judging Obama by his own
standards and he was judging Obama's
economic record and he points out that
the administration in February 2010
submitted a budget where they predicted
that real growth would average three
point nine percent annually instead it
averaged two point two percent 2012 they
put out a budget estimating they would
get three point nine percent growth for
five years two percent it's been two
percent in February 2012 the
administration submitted its fiscal year
2013 budget estimating three point six
percent it's got nothing like two again
more closer to two percent they're
failing by they're on their own terms
they have introduced a new normal I mean
even the New York Times yesterday led
with the story about Obamacare falling
apart and of course the New York Times
says well Obama care is falling apart
what we need is more government health
care we need a single-payer health care
which is like every conman who has ever
lived when you realize like oh we gave
you money to make it rain but it hasn't
rained lay you didn't give me enough
money you know if you didn't if you'd
had a little bit more faith giving me a
little bit more money that rain would be
coming you know it would be coming
feminism you know feminism has made me
more miserable you need more feminism
you know that's what it is leftism
leftism destroy the country because
you're not leftist enough every con man
who ever has lived from snake oil
salesmen to Karl Marx sold the same
thing it's failed you need more but the
Clintons okay so the media sold their
soul for Obama but the Clinton
are just different the clintons corrupt
everything they touch everything that
the clintons do people make excuses for
them and then it gets it gets worse so
Bill Clinton is having sex or something
like sex with a woman
young enough to be his daughter in the
Oval Office which we pay for and they
have to make excuses for that and then
that becomes okay that becomes okay so
the next guy down has to do something
worse and they make excuses for him and
it just gets worse and worse and worse
this show however is going to get better
and better and better because we have
more interesting things to say but we
have to say goodbye to our friends on
Facebook and YouTube come on over to the
Daily wire you can hear the rest
