every now and then we here at the Andrew
Klavan show like to try to reach across
the aisle create a little bit of
understanding and compassion between
conservatives and the gibbering idiots
on the other side after all it does no
good for us on the right to discuss our
dedication to constitutional rule of law
limited government and individual
liberty if we can't even take a moment
to listen to our friends on the left and
try to understand all that largely
meaningless screeching and whining they
do while we're working for a living and
raising our children so today in that
spirit of bright goodwill I'd like to
examine the Democrat side of this
election and try to understand what it
is they're trying to say Democrats
believe that Donald Trump is a hate
mongering racist and bigoted and when
Donald Trump calls hillary a hate
mongering racist and bigoted that is
absolutely unacceptable because you
shouldn't be allowed to call your
political opponent I hate mongering
racist and bigoted especially if you're
a hate mongering racist and bigoted
Democrats believe that this country is
an unfair warmongering stink heap of
brutal racism sexism and homophobia and
when Donald Trump says this country is
in trouble its disgusting because this
is a wonderful country where everything
is going great Democrats believe that
black people are oppressed impoverished
and endangered by violence and when
Donald Trump says black people are
oppressed impoverished and endangered by
violence that's awful because black
folks couldn't be happier Democrats
believe that Donald Trump is a terrible
man for attacking a great war hero like
John McCain that's their job Democrats
believe that we have to continue the
policies of Barack Obama because they
have improved our country so much and
that's why we have to elect a Democrat
to correct the income inequality low
employment and Middle Eastern violence
that have become so much worse over the
last eight years Democrats believe that
words matter and therefore you shouldn't
say them Democrats believe that ideas
matter and therefore they should be able
to tell you which ones to have Democrats
believe that the Muslims religion is
just as good as the religions of the
people they kill to say otherwise would
be to suggest that ideas matter which
you shouldn't go around saying because
ideas matter Democrats believe that
republic
should stop all this complaining about
media bias because it makes it hard for
them to hear all the great things the
media are saying about them but most of
all Democrats believe that only
government can create the sort of
programs that can make our problems so
bad that only government can create the
sort of programs that can make our
problems so bad that only government can
create the sort of problems that make
our problems so bad that only government
can solve them all so everything's
melting and police are killing all the
black people so run for your life and
vote for Democrats because things are
going so well I hope this has been
helpful in bringing our two sides
together trigger warning I'm Andrew
Clavin and this is the Andrew Klavan
show so someone pointed out on Twitter
yesterday that maybe it wasn't fair of
me to put the trigger warning at the end
yeah all right we're careening careening
wildly until the long Labor Day
clayville this weekend I can barely I
can barely watch what's going to happen
you can stave off you can stave off the
effects of the clave this weekend if
only if only you will order my book my
memoir the great good thing right it's a
simple solution a great good thing as
secular Jew comes to faith in Christ and
if you're interested in getting a little
preview of it you can go on on
Christianity today on their website they
have a short piece that I wrote that's
kind of a little preview of the book so
that would give you a sense of it and
then you can spring for the book which
you ought to do anyway all right we've
got 15 minutes together here on Facebook
and YouTube live and then come over to
the daily wire to watch the rest of the
show or you can download us later on
iTunes or SoundCloud but the important
thing is that you subscribe because you
already missed last week's mailbag and
now another mail bag is in the offing
and you want to be in it you have to be
part of the show so before we get to the
main news i just noticed that scientists
probing a newly exposed formerly
snow-covered outcropping in Greenland
claim that they have discovered the
oldest fossils ever seen remnants of
life 3.7 billion years old and they
conclude include emails from Hillary
Clinton that's amazing let's
it's a ring that all right I couldn't
help that I just saw that I thought well
but there's some more of those in there
all right so Trump in Mexico this is
actually a big store I think this is I
mean there there is a poll today from
Fox that has Trump and Hillary two
points ahead as Hillary only two points
ahead of Trump with that means that the
gap has really narrowed a lot of us ten
points earlier in the month and i think
the stuff that happened yesterday is
going to change a lot of stuff is going
it's really going to be but you know i
think i think is a game-saver I think
it's like a game saver game changer and
I think you know let's take a look
without Trump goes down and answers an
invitation to meet the Mexican president
Enrique Pena Nieto okay and they had a
negotiation and it got a little they got
a little tense oh you guys at your order
we are a federalist you know the Mounted
Police if you're the police where are
your badges patches Wayne got Novartis
we don't need no badges I don't have to
show you in a stinking vices and they're
not coming closer Oh Seth aunt hambre we
didn't try to do you any harm why don't
you try to be a little more polite he
was your gone and we'll leave you in
peace I need my gun myself Oh throw that
old light on over here we'll pick it up
and going our way you go anywhere
without my gun and go quick so okay me
that was in the most presidential moment
but at least he stood up for our Second
Amendment rights right now and then
later he came out in a press conference
with Nieto and he made conciliatory
remarks about mexican-americans Mexican
America don't like to just get it to
gang fights
like flowers and music and white girls
name baby to mexican americans or name
Shonda and challenge Emma and have a
son-in-law named Jim Mexican Americans
don't you get up early in the morning
but they have two so they do it real
slow Mexican Americans love education so
they go to night school and they take
spanish and get a be mexican americans
love their na Na's and there no nose and
they're Nina's and they're ninos not
mean I don't know mexican americans
don't like to go to the movies where the
two has to wear contact lenses to make
his blue eyes brown i'm gonna make my
brown eyes blue and that's all I got I
think that made up for a lot of the mean
things he said about the rapists and all
as far as I'm concerned we can end the
show right here but precious books he
should go home and talk about what
really happened and I really do believe
I really do believe that this is going
to have a big effect on the polls if if
the valium doesn't wear off and Trump
like blows his foot off with like a
cannon or something like this but just
yesterday he really looked great he goes
down there and he meets with the
president at the present the Mexican
president's request and then he comes
out he gives one of these joint press
conferences and for those of you who are
supporters of Hillary Clinton at press
conferences where a can that it stands
in front of the press and answers
questions so this was it's a little
different on our side than on yours but
he gets at me gives a press conference
and he was actually really first of all
he was very restrained he really did
look like valium it looked like it was
dead but he stood up for his thing about
the wall he stuck to his guns about the
walls what we have that having a secure
border is a sovereign right
and mutually beneficial we recognize and
respect the right of either country to
build a physical barrier or wall on any
of its borders to stop the illegal
movement of people drugs and weapons
cooperation toward achieving this shared
objective and it will be shared of
safety for all citizens is paramount to
both the United States and to Mexico so
and he was a little bit conciliatory
about NAFTA the trade agreement he's
said again again this is a disaster in
Mexico stealing all our jobs which is
kind of ridiculous on the face of it
because it would mean that we want to be
more like Mexico and then we don't have
to sneak into their country which
doesn't it doesn't really make any sense
but he said openly and in front of the
president yet oh he said that he felt
that NAFTA had been better from Mexico
than for the US and yet oh said look
this room to modernize ID I think was
the word he used so you know if he was
just very you know I hate to use the
word but he was very presidential he was
the one who called on the questions from
the press which is actually not the way
it usually works usually the guy from
his home country it's his home court he
calls on the reporters but Trump was
just he was just in charge he looked
like he looked like everything his
supporters say he is and you know I've
been very honest about my you know
feelings about Trump I have a real
problems with him but I'm just telling
it the way I saw it like it looked to me
looking at that I mean look at this
picture of him shaking hands we have a
picture from shaking hands with the
president right there's two guys who
looked like they're just on equal
footing right this is that that's the
way an American president should look
he's not looking down on him he's not
bullying him he's just shaking hands
llam compare that to Hillary Clinton
when she should bow the famous Obama bow
because Obama is even worse does
everything but like but press his
forehead to the ground like he's in a
mosque so I mean it just it you know it
is refreshing I'm sorry but it is
refreshing to see somebody acting like a
leader of a country and not like a that
we have to go and apologize to people
for supporting most of the free nations
of the
and of course we know that he did well
because the left-wing press went nuts
I'll get back to the New York Times a
New York hunter went insane they went
out of their minds but all of them they
tried to lead with the fact Trump came
out and said we didn't discuss who would
pay for the wall that's a big Trump
thing right Mexico is going to pay for
the wall and then yet tow came out and
said well the first thing out of my
mouth when we sat down to talk was that
there's no way we're paying for this
wall and they said oh there's a big
conflict one person said it was one way
when but all Trump's head was the hidden
discuss it and he didn't respond I mean
even the Mexican spokesman said no we
didn't discuss it he didn't respond so
that was just a comment that yet tomei
so it really the whole thing went off
well Hillary attacked him before he even
left I think before I even got back from
the meeting she was at the the American
Legion where she gave a speech that was
so irritating in its pro-american you
know tone when all she has ever done her
whole careers like dis the country
anyway then she said this about Trump
you don't build a coalition by insulting
our friends or acting like a loose
cannon you do it by putting in the slow
hard work of building relationships
getting countries working together was
my job every day as your Secretary of
State it's more than a photo op it takes
consistency and reliability actually
it's just like building personal
relationships people have to get to know
that they can count on you that you
won't say one thing one day and
something totally different the next and
it certainly takes more than trying to
make up for a year of insults and
insinuations by dropping in on our
neighbors for a few hours and then
flying home again that is not how it
works so we have the spectacle of
Hillary Clinton talking about trust that
you know she's not going to she's not
going to say one thing you know one day
is something different the next she's
going to stick to her lies right down
the road
and secondly she looks like death I mean
she looks like she didn't even wash her
hair you know I got the feeling like I
gotta go to the American Legion I'm not
feeling very well but I gotta get you
know she does she look like she didn't
wash her hair you know every time you
comment on her appearance people say
it's sexist as if I've never made jokes
about the fact that Donald Trump looks
like a walking cheese puffs you know I
mean I think it's perfectly fair the
woman looks terrible you know somebody
said she looks like a Bond villain but
she she may look like a Bond villain but
it's Donald Pleasence I mean no it's not
it's not a good look all right so then
Trump goes to Phoenix and then he makes
his speech that he has been putting off
where he's going to outline his
immigration proposals is he gonna soften
it is he going to harden it it what's he
gonna do and the New York Times writes a
lead this is the lead there right now it
looks like you know it looks like it was
written before the speech was given they
had to change it later it started out
Donald J Trump made an audacious attempt
on Wednesday to remake his image on the
divisive issue of immigration shelving
his plan to deport 11 million
undocumented people and suggesting that
the United States and Mexico would solve
the immigration crisis together well
Twitter went nuts okay you know that's
not what people saw it reminded me when
I was a reporter there was a I think was
a July fourth picnic and the reporter
decided what's going to happen in July
fourth picnic that county supervisor is
going to get up and give us patriotic
speech so he didn't go any file the
story anyway and the supervisor got up
and had a heart attack the paper ran his
story saying you know here was the
speech by the the soup County Supervisor
the July fourth speech but the true
story was the speech by the county
supervisor was boom that's it sweet in
it and this was what this was like it
was like they filed it so it doesn't
matter the point is it doesn't matter
they rewrote the story then to say that
well Donald Trump did try to sound hard
line but he wasn't going to do anything
more hardline than a Barack Obama has
done Barack Obama's according to the new
york times have been tremendously hard
line and effective on immigration none
of this matters because people see you
know it's a new world nobody cares
what's in the new york times people see
what they see and they hear what they
hear the new york times is basic
Glee now a lullaby for people who like
the fall asleep to the sound of their
own opinion spoken as if it were news
that's like what the new york times and
it's fish wrap hey we got to say goodbye
to Facebook book about we got a lot more
to talk about come over to the daily
wire
