the Democrats are trying to try it out
everything now because this is the time
when they think they're gonna put this
away between the first debate and the
second debate they're gonna trash Trump
he's gonna go down in the polls and
they're finally gonna destroy him it's
gonna be over and then we'll the the the
avatar of destruction is going to be a
woman named Alicia Machado now you
remember we talked about this in the
debate yesterday that Donald Trump in
the debate Hillary Clinton at a certain
point she said there's a woman who used
to be a Miss Universe contestant for you
and you called her Miss Piggy and you
called her Miss Housekeeping because she
was latina and you're a sexist basically
and Trump got all flustered and he
didn't know what to say and then he said
well I could say there you mean things
about your family but I'm not gonna do
that
examine nice guy you know it was
ridiculous but Hillary Clinton is now
tweeting out videos of this woman Alicia
Machado and what she's tweeting out is
she's tweeting out this video basically
saying anybody any person who does not
any person who insults a woman on the
basis of her weight cannot be President
of the United States visit this is the
direct quote a man who bullies and
shames a woman for her weight should
never become president okay
so I have a few issues with this
particular formulation a man who bullies
and shames woman for a weight should
never become president first of all if
you can name me any man who has never
made a joke about a woman's weight there
they don't exist okay every perp if you
enemy a woman who's never made a joke
about a woman's weight then show me that
person okay that the office of the
presidency will be as ducked as dr. Sol
wanted as professor soul wanted
unoccupied there will be no one left in
the United States who has never said
anything bad about another woman's way
Taylor have you ever met a girl who's
never said anything bad about any
woman's weight at any point nope Taylor
has not dudes ever met anybody who's
never said anything bad about a woman's
weight and anybody know if they don't
exist these people don't exist now it's
not the same thing as saying something
directly mean to a woman about her own
weight obviously that just means you're
nasty it doesn't mean that you can't be
president Hillary Clinton's a nasty
piece of goods she bullied an alleged
rape victim Juanita Broderick I mean
that seems to me a lot more troublesome
than him calling mrs. this this this
Miss Universe contestant Miss Piggy by
the way the way that the media treated
this lady for people who don't know the
original stories that this lady was the
Miss Universe contestant she gained a
crapload away and then
Donald Trump did like an exercise video
with her to try and get her to lose
weight because she's contractually bound
not to become fat right if you're Miss
Universe sorry to break it to you folks
if you're Miss Universe it's a beauty
contest in beauty contests if you win
the obligation is for you not to become
fat right that's actually in the
contract and so how did the media cover
it
okay headline from People magazine 1997
about this woman Alicia Machado quote
weight of the world that's the name of
the story from People magazine may 1997
female Orlando Sentinel writer calls
Alicia Machado quote a blimp doubt
reigning queen maybe Charles Hoskin and
he writes for The Washington Examiners
of this research CNN quote some people
when they have pressure eat too much
like me like Alicia quoting Donald Trump
1997 CNN also said as her universe
expanded so did her waistline that's a
quote from CNN okay so let's cut out
this whole high-and-mighty anybody who
makes a joke about the fat girl it's the
end of the world no one can now that
does that mean you're not a jerk no of
course of course you're a jerk of course
he's a jerk okay if this is your first
rodeo and you're just learning Donald
Trump is a nasty piece of goods welcome
he's a nasty piece of goods that mean he
can't be President of the United States
no of course not this is so stupid this
is only but and there's something sexist
about this too okay Hillary Clinton says
any man who says anything bad about a
woman's weight who bullies and shames a
woman about her weight cannot be
President I was under the impression
women were strong I thought that I
thought Hillary's whole pitches we tough
things out right tough it i toughed out
pneumonia right women are so strong
women not only give birth they can pull
trains women are so they're emotionally
strong they handle things men couldn't
even dream of handling okay if that's
true then how about Chris Christie okay
like everybody in the United States has
made jokes about Chris Christie he was
on the cover of Time magazine and the
headline was the elephant in the room
that was the headline that Time magazine
I myself have made an enormous number of
fat jokes about Chris Christie and
Donald Trump and Newt Gingrich and
everybody else in the Republican Party
who's overweight right I mean I've
called Donald Trump the fat old bloated
sack right I mean like does Donald Trump
collapse oh no he doesn't so is the idea
that have you said that about a woman
the woman is weaker Hillary Clinton's
vision of what women are is so insulting
to actual women it's unbelievable her
actual vision of what women are is they
sit around all day long and listen to
fight song eating ice cream and then if
a guy makes a mean comment about their
weight they go and purge that's Hillary
that's that's Hillary's vision of what a
single woman in America is and so any
man who says anything bad about a single
look again does that mean he's not a
jerk of course he's a jerk we all know
he's a jerk I've been saying it for a
year that he's a jerk everyone knows
he's a jackass but the idea that Donald
Trump's jackass ray like his Joe his
general jackass Ray's disqualifying read
a book for God's sake John F Kennedy was
shtupping everything he could find in
the White House LBJ was a piece of
vulgar crap LBJ was a nasty nasty man
Hillary Clinton was cursing out military
members supposedly for wearing uniform
like this they say she was throwing
lamps at people this idea that the
office of the presidency is occupied
only by the most dignified among us I
mean come on
her husband was was getting particular
pleasures in the Oval Office from from
from from the chunky intern I mean come
on this is just like really really again
does that mean that there's an excuse
for Trump to keep this up notes from
some moron so different Trump happens to
be a Vulgarian and also a moron so Trump
keeps saying over and over well she was
a fat chick okay Donald just stop just
for your own political sake just stop
just it doesn't help but this is so dumb
this stuff is so dumb and Hillary like
if she thinks that a lot of voters are
gonna swivel on a dime you know you know
what he called the fat Miss Universe a
fatty he the overweight Miss Universe he
called her Miss Piggy I guess we're
gonna shift you know I guess we can't
vote for many more for God's sake he met
he mocked a disabled reporter called
John McCain not a war hero and went easy
on the KKK and the tactic gold star
family and here is we're gonna draw the
line go this is the point where you say
I've had enough at this kid back in the
1980s he said women should be treated
like bleep he said nothing in life
matters so long as you have a young and
beautiful piece of ass okay these are
direct quotes from Donald Trump
but here's we're gonna draw the line
that he called this lady Miss Piggy by
the way no verification that this ever
happened no verification never like she
said it happened
we have no verification but it doesn't
matter they have to convince all the
women that Donald Trump is a sexist
first of all I do actually think Donald
Trump is kind of a sexist I also think
that he's he may not she may not be a
sexist maybe just a jerk to everyone I
think the best evidence he's
axis is the stuff about Ted Cruz's wife
she's ugly the fact that he's constantly
marrying models and then cheating on
them with other models like okay I don't
think there's a guy who tremendously
respects women in any serious way but
but if this is your best example is
alicia machado there are a few holes in
this theory let me name a couple of them
first
alicia machado this innocent young woman
totally victimized really really
victimized by donald trump it turns out
that she was a spot a suspect in 1998 as
an accomplice to a murder okay and then
she and then she allegedly threatened
the judge with killing him also in 2008
it was reported she gave birth to a
narco lord a drug lords baby and a bunch
of other drug lords attending the birth
she just became a citizen so first of
all we should start asking some
questions about our immigration system i
mean seriously like people who were
murder suspects at one point and weren't
prosecuted in venezuela which is not
known for its fantastic justice system
and then get pregnant by drug lords in
Mexico which I think where this was that
I don't know why they're getting
citizenship that's another question but
if that's your great example of the
woman who's victimized by sexism hmm you
could have picked a better there there
are a thousand better examples of
Donald's from being a sexist jackass
okay but doesn't matter this is the
pitch so Barbara Boxer legitimately the
stupidest woman in the history of the
United States Senate there's smart woman
in the United States Senate barbara
boxer just isn't one of them she says
that Donald Trump interrupting Hillary
during the debates was a disrespect of
women let me just point out Donald Trump
interrupted incessantly during the
primaries every man he could find Donald
Trump is a jerk to everyone but
according to Barbara Boxer he only
interrupted Hillary because Hillary's a
woman and he couldn't deal with the
woman talking by the time the debate was
over Trump it interrupted her 51 times
where she and her interrupted him just
17 times does that read to you as a
disrespect absolutely it's a disrespect
of women I can tell you I remember very
well the first time I took office in a
local office
I couldn't get three words out Tarun
before my male colleagues jumped out my
throat it's something that they do I
don't even think they realize it but I
think Donald Trump did realize it I
think time from did real okay this is
the same stupid woman who said about a a
military member
you call me can you help me send her he
held her ma'am and she said can you call
me senator I earned that like she's
looking for sexism behind every tree
it's not sexist by the way for me to
call her a stupid woman she is a stupid
woman if she were a man I would call her
a stupid man
I call down from stupid all the time but
this is the way the Left plays the game
is that if you say something about a
woman that you would obviously say about
a man you must be a sexist and that's
why Hillary the way Hillary tweeted it
was a man who insults a woman's weight
can't be President but apparently a
woman who insults a woman's weight she
can she can be president by the way
women are much tougher on women than men
are women when it comes to looks women
are a thousand times tougher women don't
even dress for men okay because the fact
is that if a woman were dressing for a
man she wouldn't get dressed okay then
women dress for women men don't this is
why a woman can change her haircut and
her husband won't notice but all of her
friends will write women women care much
more about women's looks than men do as
a general rule like men want women to be
pretty but as it but the idea that men
sit around thinking about well I mean
she really has the wrong haircut she's
like Scarlett Johansson could could get
a buzz cut and wear blue lipstick and
men would think she's sexy like this
whole thing is ridiculous okay so mmm so
mature
Alicia Machado is on megan kelly last
night megyn kelly asks her some
questions they seemed to be denying the
specific charges Hillary leveled which
is the language of Miss Piggy and miss
housekeeping was anybody there to
witness when he said those things to you
well first I want to say thank you to
give it to me this space and to share my
story with mr. Trump then this happened
20 years ago and you know I don't need
to share this story if I don't believe
that person is not the right person then
being a president or trying to being a
president this happened 20 years ago in
that moment he was not the person then
you can see now maybe he was more just a
business guy
and I was a little girl too with 18
years old and you know the only thing I
want to to do is to share my story she
just wants to share her story isn't that
moving she shows up just in time for the
presidential election after being
missing for 20 years in action while
being suspected of a compa of being an
accomplice in America and also getting
pregnant by a drug lord apparently and
she shows up just in time to vote for
Hillary Clinton and rip into Trump for
things that he said back in 1997
honestly I'm more bothered by Donald
Trump attacking the other person on the
screen megyn kelly over her period than
I am about stuff that Donald Trump said
90c in 1997 about a Miss Universe
contestant again I'm not making the case
he's not a jackass folks I'm the number
one Donald Trump is a jackass advocate
in the United States but that doesn't
mean that this is the kind of thing
Hillary's saying it is that it's the end
of the world this is that this is the
thing that breaks you on him if this
breaks you on Donald Trump my god I mean
if this is where you're now it's over
the top now a he called her Miss Piggy
now so for the top man imagine if he
called her Fozzie the bear so it is a
Machado was also on CNN and she was
asked about all these all these
allegations about complicity and murder
by Anderson Cooper and she does not have
some very good answers an incident in
1998 in Venezuela where you were accused
of driving a getaway car from a murder
scene you were never charged with this
the judge in the case also said you
decided to kill him after he indicted
your boyfriend for the attempted murder
I just want to give you a chance to
address these reports that the Trump
surrogates are talking about he can say
whatever he wants to say I don't care
you know I have my past of course
everybody has everybody has a past and
I'm not a sink girl but if that is not a
point now that moment in Venezuela was
wrong was another speculation about my
life because I'm a really famous person
in my country because I'm an actress
there and in Mexico too and he can use
whatever he wants to hear
the point is that happened 20 years ago
okay so she's not a saint girl everybody
has experiences in life like almost
being an alleged accomplice in a murder
and Mara and having sex in the drug lord
we all have that I mean I know I've had
that experience at least several times I
mean come on
