many of you watching the debate last
night might have been thinking to
yourself holy crap my country's going
down the toilet in a gigantic world of
offal that bears an uncanny resemblance
to one candidate who's a neurotic
ignoramus and another who's the
incarnation of evil but let's look at it
in a more positive light yes it's true
Hillary Clinton came across as a robotic
avatar of pure corruption her predatory
smile hiding a soulless emptiness that
seeks nothing but its own profit even at
the expense of the nation that nurtured
her in its bosom as a healthy organ
nurses the cancer that will one day
destroy it
and yes it's likewise true that Donald
Trump is so incredibly stupid that if he
bumped into a wall in the Oval Office he
gets stuck in the corner even though the
office is like an oval and there are no
corners for him to get stuck in but it
would just be like his stupidity would
make a corner out of it because his
stupidity is just that enormous and then
he just keep bumping into the same
corner again and again forever and yes
we also have to admit that Hillary did
remind us of a living pustule of
infectious wickedness that seemed to
have arisen like an unthinkable pimple
on the nose of the George Washington
face on Mount Rushmore which then popped
releasing the pus of venality to drool
down the face of our iconic president
thus symbolically transforming a nation
that was once noble and beautiful into a
horrific image of disease in Putridity
such that everything it comes in contact
with becomes a little more than a
reflection of its own gangrenous
decadence and okay Trump is a third-rate
bully boy without enough intelligence
under his bizarre hair to allow him to
find the capital of Wisconsin on a map
that had the shape of Wisconsin outlined
with the word Wisconsin on it and a big
star in the middle with an arrow
pointing at it next to the words this is
Madison the capital of Wisconsin and yes
Hillary is a slobbering demon from all
the malodorous sewers of Hell flushed
into the bloodstream of the country by
the hand of a satanic fate that seems to
mock us for our aspirations by setting
before us a chrome-like image of our own
most reprehensible cravings for power
and self-destruction but the important
thing is this
after watching the debate I think all of
us can come together as one joined by
the realization that we all live in a
mighty republic dreamed
by the wisest political thinkers ever to
have walked the earth and handed down to
us Democrats and Republicans both so
that we could transform it into a
reality television cage match between
the most wretched ly fetid Hellion on
the planet and a lumbering ogre of
almost unimaginable ignorance so don't
despair oh wait no despair despair a lot
and for a long time then we very loudly
then die in a torment of remorse and
self-disgust otherwise it was a great
debate trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin
and this is the Andrew Clavin show
the greatest 30 seconds in podcast but
when are we gonna get some merger we're
gonna get some merchandise to sell yeah
we got to get some raw her a merchandise
no question so we sent we send somebody
out to discuss with the candidates last
night how they did and here's his report
to them what you just said is one of the
most insanely idiotic things I have ever
heard
at no point in your rambling incoherent
response were you even close to anything
that could be considered a rational
thought everyone in this room is now
Dumber for having listened to it I award
you no points and may God have mercy on
your soul all right David Hartstein you
pay posted on the federalists he wrote
B's they went on Monday night America
witnessed one of the most worthless and
certainly one of the most infantile
presidential debates in its history
after listening to Donald Trump's meta
fictions and Hillary Clinton's manicured
obfuscation z-- the voter is left with
one question do you prefer in idiocracy
or a kleptocracy that was very very well
put all right 2016 sucks but but they do
get we will tell you who won and lost
the debate we will to end this is the
show where the future comes to announce
itself we always everything we've ever
said has always turned out to be true in
the long run it Lee true we will tell
you who won in Houla lost and though
2016 sucks my book is out which is the
important thing the great good thing a
secular Jew comes to faith in Christ
it's my memoir you I got a letter today
I mean I've been getting a lot of these
lately but I get you know just people
saying you've truly changed my outlook
on my faith and overall perspective of
life that's you know yeah that's and
that's the kind of reaction I've been
getting you can get it for free if you
would just subscribe to the website
they'll send you the book for free come
on it's a limited in gate you know a
limited offer or whatever or just
subscribe because you want to watch the
show and tomorrow is mailbag day
woohoo exactly exactly my feelings
precisely and if you subscribe you can
send in some questions I would love to
hear your questions and also if you want
to add some stuff you like I always like
to hear that sometimes I may not mention
it on the show
I actually make a bet go back and try it
what else you got 15 minutes on Facebook
and YouTube to watch us then we cut you
off like like a wandering child we no
longer own and you have to come to
listen to the rest of the daily wire or
you can download it from iTunes or
SoundCloud but if you just would pay us
your lousy bucks a month you could 30
days for free you get my book for free
and then 8 bucks a month and you can
listen and watch the whole show live on
the daily wire right you can see the
whole thing okay
all right the debate now here's the
thing if you you know last night during
the debate somebody tweeted out oh you
know you can't trust
Andrew Clavin now that he's endorsing
Donald Trump and I thought Donald Trump
well if I had been there when that
happened I'd have been really angry with
me you know I musta miss that because I
haven't endorsed anybody I have admitted
that viscerally and you know in my heart
of hearts I'm kind of rooting for Trump
not because I like Trump because I
despise not only Hillary but the entire
structure of the media and the permanent
government the bureaucracy that supports
her and that has spewed or out like a
pustule from like an infected sore you
know I mean she is just the absolute
avatar and representative of that
structure that I hate so I'm kind of
like the guy I'm kind of like an
aristocrat at the French Revolution sort
of cheering the mob that's eventually
gonna get the enemy I'm rooting for
Trump I must admit but I don't endorse
him I know what he is I thought last
night so if you're listening looking for
cheerleading or somebody to tell you
what you wanna hear wrong place
obviously Oh as always but what I
thought happened last night we all saw
the same debate for 30 minutes 20-30
minutes
Trump was killing her I mean he was
killing her for a half an hour it was
kind of a tussle between the two of them
and then for half an hour she destroyed
him she killed him right back on points
then it was a tie but I don't think it's
gonna work out as a tie and I'll tell
you that when I get to the end I think
the Trump was foiled by three things he
could have become president last night
he really could have but he was foiled
by three things ignorant
ideology and neurosis one of those
things he can fix and if he can fix the
one of them he can't
fix it but he can fix the effects of it
he can change the effects of it if he
can fix that one thing he will kill her
because he showed that he could win in
the first 20 minutes of the debate you
know he showed exactly what he had to do
he attacked he was on the attack but he
attacked without being grotesque and
petty he was attacking her on real stuff
she started out talking about she was
talking about housing I guess it was is
good it's cut number four Donald was one
of the people who rooted for the housing
crisis he said back in 2006 gee I hope
it does collapse because then I can go
in and buy some and make some money well
it did collapse that's called business
by nine million people nine million
people lost their jobs five million
people lost their homes and 13 trillion
dollars in family wealth was wiped out
okay now this is the ignorance doctor it
was ignorance ideology and neurosis okay
this is where the ignorance comes in if
Trump knew anything which he doesn't he
would have said yeah you guys caused
that it was Democrat policies that
caused the housing crisis I know that
doesn't get covered but anybody with a
little bit of reading could find it out
it was written about in the New York
Times it was a former newspaper you know
I mean it's like they're trying to
report on anything but it was written
about there it's been written about
again and again the the policy of
forcing banks to give loans to people
who couldn't pay them back is what
started the housing crisis he could have
nailed her on there but he didn't but
but having said that he did come back
with a fairly good response this is
number five and Hillary I just asked you
this you've been doing this for 30 years
why are you just thinking about these
solutions right now for 30 years you've
been doing it and now you're just
starting to think of solutions well I
will bring excuse me I will bring back
jobs you can't bring back well actually
I have thought about this quite a bit
for 30 years I have well not quite that
long I think my husband did a pretty
good job in the 1990s I think a lot
about what worked and how we can make it
work again well he approved new job
the single or straight diver approved as
gotham's went up for everybody
manufacturing jobs went up also in the
1990s if we're actually going to look at
the facts well when I was Secretary of
State we actually increased American
exports globally 30% we increase them to
China 50% so I know how to really work
to get new jobs and to get exports that
helped to create more new jobs like what
you haven't done it in 30 years or 26
years laughter which was one of the
worst things that ever happened
manufacturing industries you go to New
England you go to Ohio Pennsylvania you
go anywhere you want Secretary Clinton
and you will see devastation so that's
that's really good that was really good
stuff and not only that you could see in
her eyes that she was starting to crack
you could see that she was going to do
that thing that Trump gets people to do
where they destroy themselves I mean oh
she was right on the brink she was right
on the brink and his his best moment was
when she said when you know they started
to accuse him both of them cuz Lester
Holt Lester Holt the moderator people
have been complaining about him all day
absolutely true he was totally unfair he
asked he asked Trump the tough questions
fair enough about you know birtherism
and his tax reliefs he asked Hillary
nothing nothing about the emails nothing
about all these charges of corruption
all the scandal none of it came up he
interrupted Trump again and again again
there was some justification for that
because Trump was a little bit more out
of control than she was she was just
biding her time but Holt was unfair but
listen that's that's the game we all
knew that was gonna happen we all knew
that was gonna be a problem it's gonna
continue to be a problem he's got to be
able to play in that field his best
moment was when she said Holt and she
went after him for not releasing his tax
returns and he said I'll release my tax
returns when you release your emails I
think this is number seven minute yep I
will release my tax returns against my
lawyer's wishes when she releases her
33,000 emails that have been deleted
as soon as she releases them I will
release I will release my tax returns
and that's against my lawyers they say
don't do it I will tell you this
no in fact watching shows reading the
papers
almost every law says you don't release
your returns until the audits complete
when the orders complete I'll do it but
I would go against them if she releases
her towards me now that's what we came
to see that is what we came to see and
did he do no prep did he have nothing in
his mind we came to hear about the
emails we came to hear about how you
know every time she attacked him on his
business he should have struck how did
she get to be multi multi-millionaire
how did that happen pay for play the
Libya disaster Benghazi we never heard
the word Benghazi last night not one
time did we hear it every single time
and I will get back to that in a minute
I will get back to why that happened
because that's the neuroses part but
let's just talk about now the middle
part of the debate which I thought kind
of went back and forth some people said
that Hillary won the last hour
some people said she won the middle part
I didn't think so I thought the middle
part was back and forth and
interestingly by the way this was just
offhanded I went over the transcript
today pretty closely and Trump that was
did a lot better in the transcript than
he did on stage which isn't gonna count
for anything because there's one person
in America who's gonna read the
transcript that's me okay but but he was
the stuff that I thought went back and
forth here was Hillary they asked him
about race all the race riots there's
all this stuff going on in the country
and Hillary went on to talk about the
problems with races cut anything race
remains a significant challenge in our
country unfortunately race still
determines too much often determines
where people live determines what kind
of education in their public schools
they can get and yes it determines how
they're treated in the criminal justice
system we've just seen those two tragic
examples in both Tulsa and Charlotte and
we've got to do several things
at the same time we have to restore
trust
between communities and the police we
have to work to make sure that our
police are using the best training the
best techniques that they're well
prepared to use force only when
necessary
everyone should be respected by the law
and everyone should respect the law okay
there was a devastating response to this
thing you didn't make and I will tell
you about it in just a second but first
we have to say goodbye to the folks on
Facebook and YouTube come over to the
Daily wire listen to the rest it's
interesting
