I know many of you will be watching the
debate tonight because you care so
deeply about this country and have
nothing better to do you're asking
yourself important questions like what
will the rules of the debate be if I
down a shot of whiskey every time
someone says something stupid will
ambulance service be available and if I
put Monday night football Saints Falcons
game in the picture-in-picture will my
girlfriend realize how shallow I am and
ditch me for some serious guy who
actually gives a damn so today is a
public service The Daily wire presents
this list of debate rules as officially
established by the Commission for
presidential debates in conjunction with
the producers of storage wars and the
guys who wrote the last episode of lost
rule one the audience of the debate
shall be fairly divided between the two
candidates supporters one-half of the
front row seats shall be reserved for
billionaire businessmen who are giving
millions to Hillary Clinton because they
know she can't be bought by billionaire
businessman but will be totally fair to
the poor which is what they totally care
about totally the other half of the
front row seats shall be reserved for
women Bill Clinton has assaulted rule
two the first opening statement of the
debate shall be made by Hillary Clinton
in a screechie haranguing voice that
will make you feel like you've been
condemned to spend eternity in a small
room with your ex-wife's mother
criticizing this hellish sound will be
considered sexist as will putting your
fingers in your ears and shouting the
words to the song Skyfall in hopes of
drowning Clinton out afterward Donald
Trump will make his opening statement
which shall consist of a series of
random phrases that include the words
America strong and winners all of which
will be accompanied by weird little hand
gestures that make you think of what Don
Corleone would look like if he was
having tea with the Queen of England and
maybe that last one was just made Rule
three mrs. Clinton will score points
according to how many lies she can
string together in sequence before
falling into a helpless coughing fit
then collapsing to the floor and a
twitching heap while foaming at the
mouth and shouting a series of nouns
generally recognized as slang words for
parts of the female anatomy Candy
Crowley will then rush onstage to
explain that this is the sort of thing
that women have to put up with every
damn day not to even mention men leaving
their underwear on the floor
and neglecting to replace the toilet
paper when it runs out Donald Trump will
score points on how many vicious
personal attacks he can unleash on
obscure journalists who have said mean
things about him at any time between
1982 and today when the debate is
concluded the voters will then be free
to decide who would make the better
president drew brees of the Saints or
Matt Ryan of the Atlanta Falcons trigger
warning I'm Andrew Clavin and this is
the Andrew Clavin show greatest thirty
Seconds on the podcast universe I think
we can safely say I think the one second
where that new girl turns into a girl
with that you know cupcakes and all that
I think that's that may be it they may
top the podcast all right we're back
after a just disastrous Clavin this
weekend people were killed in terrorist
attacks murder rate is skyrocketing
Arnold Palmer died and I have a terrible
cold which I think maybe there was
Arnold Palmer that was that was really
bad I mean the guy was was getting up
there but fortunately to calm the hearts
of the nation Barack Obama tweeted out
this picture in tribute to Arnold Palmer
look at this this he does this every
time somebody dies it's like a picture
of Barack Obama hitting a golf ball
while Arnold Palmer looks on with
admiration
it's like Arnold Palmer died this is a
good time to think about me I'm thinking
about me you know it's like it's like if
Abraham Lincoln came back to life you
know there'd be a picture of Barack
Obama contemplating a picture of a brain
alright so before I devolve into a
bubbling pool of snot oh you won't be
able to see because it's gonna happen
later
you've gotta subscribe is that just
another reason to subscribe to the day
you can watch on Facebook and YouTube
for 15 minutes when I should be able to
hold myself together but then you are
cast into the exterior darkness well
then I begin to slowly slowly devolve
dissolve and you have to come over to
the Daily wire or you can download us on
iTunes and SoundCloud but you can only
listen to the sound of my voice as it
starts to bubble and I disappear but if
you want to watch the whole show you
subscribe you can watch the entire thing
if you subscribe now I believe they're
giving away our is this right they're
giving away free copies of my book the
great good thing a secular Jew comes to
faith in Christ which you really the
reason I got a cold was I've been out
there promoting it so if you don't go
out and buy it you're essentially
letting me you know dissolve into a pool
of snot in vain you know I mean it's
like it's on you now folks it's like so
so yeah the great good thing to say
killer drew comes to faith in Christ I
am being attacked by everybody now first
I was at first I've been attacked by the
alt-right so the anti-semites have been
after me all this time and now the Jews
are after me because I converted from
Judaism to Christianity and now I'm
getting some attacks from Christian
people because of my reading of the
Bible which I'll get that if I have time
I'll get back to that later
we will have the great our great
cultural correspondent we have launched
a satellite to get our great cultural
correspondent Michael knows Noel's to
come on by remote from the writers room
25 feet away so once that satellite is
in orbit we should be able to bat
hopefully we should be able to bounce
our signal so I think there's some show
on television tonight besides Monday
Night Football the debates are on
Hillary Clinton is about two points
ahead in the national polls which nate
silver is saying he's not saying she has
a slight lead that Hillary Clinton has a
slight lead but it's really she can't
count on it because there are all kinds
of other factors the trend is toward
Trump and you know the there's just a
lot of undecideds out there so 2 percent
in the polls doesn't mean that much
he says nate silver this is the pollster
at 538 and I like him because the left
liked him because he predicted Obama the
whole time and so he was reassuring to
them but now his reputation is on the
line so he can't reassure them at the
cost of his reputation so he's got to
get it right he says Clinton should be
worried about the fact that Americans
come come to view the race as one
between two equally terrible choices in
of Trump being uniquely unacceptable so
funny thing about this alright on the on
the weekend here is a story written on
CNN by their left-wing guy brian Stelter
okay on the weekend leading up to 2 2016
s first presidential debate for news
organizations came to a similar and
sweeping conclusion Donald Trump lies
more often than Hillary Clinton in a
normal election year this would be
extraordinary
on Sunday editors and reporters that the
newsrooms used another word necessary
the New York Times story a week of
whoppers came out first on Saturday and
Politico the Washington Post and the Los
Angeles Times all followed within hours
several of the editors who were involved
said the timing was a coincidence but
there was clearly a desire to publish
stories before Monday's debate when
Trump and Clinton's truthfulness will
surely be at issue never in modern
presidential politics has a major
candidate made false statements as
routinely as Trump has the these are
people talking about a race in which
Hillary I just want remind you this is a
race in which Hillary Clinton exists ok
this is not just a race ok the LA Times
declared that and Politico magazine's
team analyzed every statement made by
both Trump and Clinton for five days and
said the conclusion is inescapable
Trump's mishandling of facts and
propensity for exaggeration so greatly
exceed Clinton's has to make the
comparison almost ludicrous this must
have been the five days during which
Clinton was suffering from pneumonia and
couldn't get out okay the words almost
ludicrous ricocheted around Twitter
Politico found the Trump average one
falsehood every three minutes and 15
seconds over nearly five hours of
remarks this goes on and on and on
however says left wing brian Stelter of
CNN of the left wing Los Angeles Times
New York Times and and Politico he says
however there's no indication that the
Clinton campaign was involved Marty
Baron the executive editor of the also
left-wing Washington Post said the
timing of the stories was a coincidence
we don't coordinate coverage with anyone
else he said okay so our pals at hot air
comm just happened to wander over to the
Hillary Clinton website and what to
their wandering eyes should appear but
the exact story all the
Meishan that's in those four left-wing
newspapers websites okay so here's from
hot air in a oh no I'm sorry here's from
the Clinton site being quoted by hot air
in a pre Buttle to the first
presidential debate Hillary for America
officials today released a damning list
of Donald Trump's most discredited lies
from the campaign so far and said that
repeating these false claims would make
it impossible forget that for him to get
a passing grade in Monday's critical
test before the voters according to
PolitiFact a whopping 70% of trumps
claims are untrue the left-wing website
PolitiFact
this is like this is an amazing thing
it's like obviously Hillary Clinton and
her left-wing cronies in the press have
gotten together look I'm not I'm not
calling Donald Trump a fountain of truth
eNOS or anything like it that has
nothing to do with it but Hillary
Clinton has not opened her mouth without
lying since I think was 1968 right
there's a moment they caught her on tape
she said oh my shoe is caught in a great
and that was true I think that got like
you know only one Pinocchio because she
wasn't actually caught in a great she
was caught but ever since then
everything she says has been a lie so
what they're doing is they're playing
the press they're pressuring the press
to make sure that the moderator of this
debate while the debate is going on is
pulling a candy crowley
and correcting anything that comes out
of Donald Trump's mouth so here's Robbie
milk Clinton's campaign manager talking
to George Stephanopoulos pitching you
know that the press should skew the
debate what we're concerned about is
that there might be some sort of double
standard here you know Donald Trump
can't lie on that debate stage and and
win or even get a passing grade Donald
Trump cannot demonstrate that he doesn't
have a command of the issues and get a
passing grade
so all that we're asking is that Donald
Trump show that he is ready to be
President of the United States you guys
have been pushing that pretty hard this
idea of a double standard is saying it's
not - the moderator to point out
falsehoods but the debate Commission has
been pretty clear that they think it's
the job of the moderator basically the
way just ask the questions well again
all that we're asking is that if Donald
Trump lies that
pointed out it's unfair to ask for
Hillary both to play traffic cop with
Trump make sure that his lies are
corrected and also to present her vision
for what she wants to do for the men
well III think Donald Trump's special we
haven't seen anything like this we
normally go into a debate with two
candidates who have a depth of
experience who have rolled out clear
concrete plans and who don't lie frankly
as frequently as Donald Trump does so
we're saying this is a special
circumstance a special debate and
Hillary should be given some time to
actually talk about what she wants to do
to make a difference in people's lives
she shouldn't have to spend the whole
debate correcting the record so let's
get this straight first of all there's
George Stephanopoulos right former
Clinton operative so another left me
even he is saying whoa whoa so let's get
this right the way way Robby Mook
pictures this debate is Hillary Clinton
gets to put forward her positive you
know proposals for America she's gonna
make America different and great by
doing the same thing that's been done
for the last eight years to get us in
the mess were in that she's running
against she's running against that mess
but she's gonna do the same things and
it's gone all gonna get better
she's gonna get to do that while Donald
Trump dodges bullets from the moderator
who's asking him like about his you know
the truth enos of the truthfulness of
his statements this is an amazing thing
now even Janet Brown that look the
presidential debate Commission picks
these moderators they're all left
wingers except maybe Chris Wallace was
pretty fair he's on he's on Fox he's one
of the more left-wing people on Fox but
still he's pretty fair even she Janet
Brown the head of this commission comes
on and being questioned by this
left-wing brian Stelter on left-wing CNN
she says this what about that's been
talked about so much in the past few
weeks
does the Commission what Lester Holt
effect gently Commission asks
independent smart journalists to be the
moderators and we let them decide how
they're going to do this but I have to
say in our history the moderators have
found it appropriate to let the
candidates be the one ones that talk
about the accuracy or the fairness of
what the other candidate or candidates
might have said I think personally if
you start getting into fact-checking I'm
not sure what is
big fact what's a little fact and if you
and I have different sources of
information does your source about the
unemployment rate agree with my source I
don't think it's a good idea to get the
moderator into essentially serving as
the Encyclopedia Britannica and I think
it's it's better for that person to
facilitate and to depend on the
candidates to basically correct each
other as they see fit now I just want to
make it clear that everybody in the
press and this in the mainstream press
he's on Clinton's side they may not like
her they may not trust her they may not
believe her but they want her to win and
the fact that Trump is as close as he is
is a rebuke to them it's a rebuke to
this fantasy world they've been selling
us listen to this I know actually I'm
gonna go into this really interesting
collection of quotes from News Buster's
but first we have to say goodbye to our
friends at Facebook and YouTube so come
on over to the Daily wire and hear what
comes next and we'll have Michael
Knowles our cultural correspondent from
the writers room
