the New York Times a former newspaper
has endorsed Hillary Clinton for
president so that's one vote for Hillary
Clinton plus everyone who is swayed by
the opinion of the New York Times so
that's one vote for Hillary Clinton
The Times endorsement said quote yes
mrs. Clinton lies and lies and lies but
so do we and we're nice people and we
went to very good schools too and we
dress well look at these suits do you
think everyone wears suits like these no
siree Plus Hillary Clinton has a record
of service and pragmatism hoops there we
go lying again but look at these great
suits unquote The Times went on to cite
mrs. Clinton's experience in public
office how her reset with Russia ended
the threat from Vladimir Putin's
imperial ambitions how her overthrow of
Muammar Qaddafi and Libya brought
greater peace and stability to the
Middle East and how her planting of
candy cane seeds in the marshmallow
jungles of South America caused enough
cotton candy trees to grow to feed the
entire population of Venezuela plus the
unicorns at the Times dismissed rumors
of mrs. Clinton's bad health saying
quote reality is not our beat this is
the New York Times unquote
in other endorsement news Ted Cruz who
used to be like I don't know a senator
or something gave his endorsement to
Donald Trump as you were Krall Cruz
refused to give that endorsement at the
Republican National Convention because
Trump had insulted Cruz's wife and
suggested that Cruz's father had a hand
in the assassination of President
Kennedy but now that some time has gone
by and those things have no longer
happened Cruz said he was willing to
forget the past and in fact couldn't
even remember what he was just saying
some Cruz supporters feared his
endorsement of a big government liberal
who had never read the Constitution
would damage his reputation for
conservative purity but Cruz said he
would restore that reputation by selling
conservative purity keychains and
souvenirs on his website and hosting a
conservative purity game show on Fox
News to fill the slot left open by
whatever news woman just got molested
there and quit he says he also
considered marketing conservative purity
macaroni and cheese but it looked too
much like too much and tasted like crap
or vice versa in a file
it starred Michelle Obama was seen
hugging former president george w bush
mrs. Obama addressed the press
afterwards saying quote that was the
first time I ever had my arms around the
cisgender heterosexual white male who
loves America and I actually kind of
liked it
Barack always said there were bad people
but just the touch of them made me
tingle all over
makes me wonder what I've been missing
all these years in fact it makes me
wonder if maybe Barack has been lying to
me about other things too like maybe the
failures of his administration aren't
really w's fault maybe my husband is
just an incompetent blowhard unquote
after her statement to Secret Service
men led the dazed and starry-eyed mrs.
Obama away she is now being held at
Arkham Asylum with other insane
supervillains like Joker Riddler and the
editors of the New York Times
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
all right what an earworm that thing is
like it's so we gotta set reset the
clock to zero days I haven't cracked up
I was on a roll there too I think was
cooking because I wasn't here maybe that
was all right it's mailbag day we have
the official Lyndsey whoo you know this
entire show is like Lindsay has left her
mark this sign the cardboard sign is she
wrote that song didn't she didn't she
like the music to that I think she did
yeah and the guys to know though our
official trademark whoo-hoo
we miss her we miss eelain's all right
if you were subscribe you know you
cannot see the mailbag if you're just
watching on Facebook or YouTube because
after 15 minutes we're gonna cut you off
like a disobedient child we're gonna
split into darkness and the only way you
can hear the mailbag is to come over to
the Daily wire download us from iTunes
or SoundCloud but if you subscribe you
can watch the whole thing on The Daily
wire as it's happening you also get for
a limited time only I think still
offered a free copy of my memoir the
great good thing a secular Jew comes to
faith in Christ and by the way I know I
said that I was going to talk about my
my feelings about the Bible because a
lot of people have been bugging me about
this oh I knew somebody would ask about
it in the mailbag and somebody did so
we'll get to it if you are watching if
you're still watching and haven't been
plunged into the exterior darkness all
right so the debate the media declared
universally declared Donald Trump a
Clinton the winner Hillary Clinton the
winner here is Trump's reaction to that
is on the media we're gonna take on the
special interests the lobbyists and the
corrupt corporate media right back there
they are corrupt as you can get
you know the single weapon that Hillary
Clinton has I mean she couldn't even
pass her bar exam in Washington DC she
failed it
the single weapon that she's got is the
media without the mainstream media she
wouldn't even be here folks that I can
tell you she wouldn't even be here she
wouldn't have a chance so we're going to
create a new government that serves you
your family and your country and it's
gonna be the kind of government that
you've been looking for for a long time
all right well he gave it to him and
they deserved it there's no question
about it
you heard here first that the you know
even though it was a tie on points
because Trump won the first part and she
won the last part in the middle part was
kind of a tie even though it was a tie
on points that I thought that Hillary
Clinton benefited because a lot of women
were watching this thing and thinking
that she stood up to this bully well the
media has gone nuts on this I mean they
have not the New York Times a former
newspaper they must have had five
editorials about this over the course of
the last you know a couple of hours one
was their main editorial was called
Hillary Clinton's every woman moment
there were plenty of aha moments for any
woman who was the sole female member of
her company's management team a female
sports capacitor bartender cop
construction worker law partner or yes a
beauty queen and maybe for the sole
female presidential candidate two on
Monday night those women got to see mrs.
Clinton's stand up to that common hazard
of working white of working while female
the sexist blowhard the harasser here's
another one at a same paper right this
is that like they just like just
plastered it Hillary Clinton will not be
Mantor up today's are such pigs I gotta
say feminists or pigs they are the
nastiest people all right do anyone who
is dirt observe mr. Trump speak she says
it shouldn't have been surprising
shouting talking over bulldozing
mansplaining
these are mr. Trump's linguistic
trademark a Cosmo senior political
writer Jill Philippa
tweeted reminder to women a lot of men
who hate Hillary Clinton hate her
because they hate you too yes
including your Trump voting husband he
hates you yeah I mean these people these
are the worst people on earth you know
the thing about this is the reason I say
there you know first of all these women
your man interrupting your man
corrupting maybe I'm interrupting
because your girl talking too much you
know I mean what is that stuff and the
thing about it is it's not like they
have no point you know that's what makes
it so frustrating
it's that yes men are aggressive they
want to always have something to say
they always want to talk and sometimes
they don't remember to stop and let
women talk and the thing is if you want
women to act like ladies you got to act
like a gentleman but the reverse is true
too if you want women to act like
gentlemen you got to act like a lady so
these people you know think it's wrong
for Donald Trump to interrupt Hillary
Clinton yes it is the guy is a he's a
slob he's a slob but it's also referred
she's a shrill witch who cares people
and blames people so you know if women
are gonna act like that why shouldn't
men act like Donald Trump this is these
guys are the product of the left these
people are two products of the left one
of them a screeching feminists which and
the other one a blowhard and a
stumblebum who hasn't got the manners of
a pig but you know if you don't want it
to be like that ladies you got to be
ladies gentlemen you got to be gentlemen
that's the way it is there's no other
answer otherwise we'll all be equal and
we'll hate each other anyway so of
course the female reporter on the plane
because god forbid she asked her a
question or fact checks any of the
stupid things Hillary Clinton said she
says you know like how was it being man
interrupted all the time here is
well I think he's
his demeanor his temperament
on the stage
I thought several occasions
was making
charges and claims that
offering opinion
I think a lot of people in supplying
offensive monopoly he could run his
campaign and present himself Oh every
chooses but the real point
qualification
to hold the most important artists job
in the world
I think people saw last night it's a
very clear difference
between us but interestingly in a
private interview we asked Hilary how it
felt to be female when dealing with the
the mainstream media and this is what
she said I'm a girl and by me that's
only I am proud that my silhouette is
curvy that I want with the sweet and
girlish gait with my hips kind of swivel
II and swarthy I adore being dressed in
something frilly when my date comes to
get me at my place out I go with my Joe
or John or Billy like a filly who is
ready for the rain when I have a brand
new hairdo with my eyelashes
so it's not all bad you know it's not
really that tough being the first female
candidate for president in this
particular atmosphere but let's take a
look you know let's take a look at the
other side of this Lester hold got a lot
of flack from the right and and Trump
wisely didn't complain about it but he
did say this this is Trump talking about
the moderator Lester old I thought she
was I thought she was very bad in the
first half when they were asking normal
questions and when they were asking
unfair questions she got better and what
great would give Lester Holt
I'd give a see c-plus
I thought he was okay I thought he was
fine yes nothing outstanding I thought
he he gave me very unfair questions at
the end the last three four questions
but you know I'm not complaining about
that I thought he was okay
Holt Holt was genuinely unfair and I
think Trump is right you don't want to
go around complaining about the
moderators but every moderator is a left
winger except for the one from Fox Chris
what's his name what's his name Chris
Wallace thank you but this is Holt's
worst moment as far as I was concerned
it was a big one this is really bad bad
news this is like Holtz Candy Crowley
moment remember Candy Crowley
interrupted MIT Romney to fact-check I'm
and was wrong when it when Romney had
Obama on the ropes over his lie about
Benghazi you know Candy Crowley said oh
he didn't lie he did here is here's
Holt's doing the same thing to Trump
when Trump starts talking about stop and
frisk a policy that was in New York
under Giuliani and Mayor Bloomberg that
meant the police if they saw somebody
acting suspiciously could see if he had
a gun we have to bring back law and
order now whether or not in a place like
Chicago you do stop and frisk which
worked very well mayor Giuliani is here
worked very well in New York it brought
the crime rate way down but you take the
gun away from criminals that shouldn't
be having it we have gangs restrained
and in many cases they're illegally here
illegal immigrants and they have guns
and they should people and we have to be
very strong and we have to be very
vigilant we have to be we have to know
what we're doing right now our police
in many cases are afraid to do anything
we have to protect our inner cities
because african-american communities are
being decimated your bike ride two
minutes experiment I do want to follow
up stop and frisk was ruled
unconstitutional in New York because it
largely singled out black and Hispanic
young now you're wrong
it went before a judge who was a very
against police judge it was taken away
from her and our mayor
I knew mara refused to go forward with
the case Trump is absolutely right he's
a hundred percent correct Lester Holt is
100% wrong first of all a judge couldn't
rule stop-and-frisk unconstitutional
because the supreme court ruled it
constitutional in 1965 so they had no
power to do that here's a description of
what did happen from the wall street
journal' the federal judge in the
stop-and-frisk case was Shira Sheindlin
a notorious police critic whose behavior
got her taken off the case by the Second
Circuit Court of Appeals the app helot
court put it this way upon review of the
record in these cases we conclude that
the district judge ran afoul of the code
of conduct for United States judges and
then what happened was Bloomberg's term
ran out and this communist bought
DeBlasio took over and he didn't appeal
the case I mean but that is an
extraordinary rebuke an extraordinary
rebuke from from a federal court to
another federal judge saying that she
was not she was not fair we're gonna
pause here for a minute but continue
this conversation we have to say goodbye
to our friends at Facebook and YouTube
but come on over to the Daily wire and
we will be there
you
