on Tuesday political reported that
former President George HW Bush would
vote for Hillary Clinton over Donald
Trump the Bush family has shunned Trump
since the primaries and they've drawn
close to the Clintons ever since George
HW left office in 1992 but still the
news was kind of shocking given both the
bush family's continued prominence in
American politics George P Bush is
currently Texas Land Commissioner and
has his eye on higher office but the HW
apparent decision which was reported by
Kathleen Kennedy Townsend really doesn't
come as much of a surprise the Bush
family isn't put off so much by Trump's
policy proposals except for immigration
and free trade the Bush family actually
likes a lot of what Trump has to say
they're mostly product by Trump's
attitude his boorishness his ignorance
his general sense of no nothing ISM to
be fair Trump Club Jeb like a baby seal
and Bush family specifically during the
debates and that had to draw somewhere
from the family you'd imagine but for
George HW Bush the deciding factor was
likely attitudinal Trump just doesn't
belong the Clintons by dint of two
decades in the White House spotlight do
this is one of the objections to Trump
that many Trump supporters have a right
to be angry about it's one thing to
object to Trump based on policy
differences and a general belief he taxa
Phi's the conservative message that's
why I oppose Trump it's another thing to
do it because you don't be long you
think he doesn't belong in the Tony
company of the Uppercross blue bloods
the Bush family feels like American
royalty they appear to see Trump is some
sort of nouveau riche blowhard that
feels elitist not principled nobody was
surprised the person who reported hws
voting choice was a Kennedy that's how
the Bush's apparently wrong and that
feeling of Republican elitism help drive
Trump to new heights in the primaries
Trump wasn't merely a reaction to the
neo cons or the Republican establishment
he was reaction to the Bush family in
particular their genteel sensibilities
their family heritage their general
chumminess with the Clintons Republican
primary voters reveled in the Trump Jeb
piledrivers every time Trump would climb
up on the third level of the of the ring
and then jump on top of Jeb they felt
great because it felt like Trump was
willing to hit people hard
unlike the Bush family which means that
HW is quasi endorsement of Hillary
Clinton isn't likely to drive a lot of
Republican voters away from Trump in
fact it made you precisely the opposite
it actually may drive Republican voters
toward Trump since HW lost the
presidency the Clintons made friends
with them and now appears to want them
back in office I'm Ben Shapiro this is
the Ben Shapiro
so much to talk about today I mean in
really a wide variety of topics to talk
about now begin by saying hello to our
sponsor Birch gold of course if you need
to buy gold if you're interested in
converting your 401k to gold and
escaping the tax consequences you need
to talk to my friends at Birch gold
group they have a great record of
success they have an A+ rating with the
Better Business Bureau they're the
people that I would trust to invest in
precious metals and I do believe that
part of any good portfolio is precious
metals you should talk to them ask all
your questions and when you call them
they'll send you a 16-page kit revealing
how gold and silver can protect your
savings and again you can legally move
your IRA or 401k out of stocks and bonds
and into a precious metals IRA which
given the volatility of the market and
the upcoming volatility that I think is
gonna happen because of President
Obama's crappy economic policy there may
be a reason to invest more in precious
metals to get your no-cost no-obligation
kit you need to call them at Birch gold
group 800 496 66 63 that's 800 496 66 63
or go to birchgold.com slash Ben that's
bir ch gold calm slash Ben make sure you
add the slash pen because that means
they know that I sent you and that means
they continue to advertise and keep the
voices in my head
aka all of the people behind the camera
employed alright so if you're if you're
wondering why I have a curtain behind me
it's not because Trump has finally sent
me to the gulag it's actually because
I'm in a Michigan Holiday Inn Express
which means that I'm more of an expert
on things than I ever was before I feel
a newfound surge of expertise that is
just waving over me it's it's really
amazing and I have to thank Holiday and
Express for that I'm speaking at a local
university in Michigan today should show
up I've got the opportunity I believe
that it's a Grand Rapids daily college
and and so I'm speaking there today to
tomorrow if you're around the Yale area
I'm speaking at Yale and the following
day I'm speaking at Roanoke College so
I'll be on the road the entire week okay
lots to get to let's begin with
something that Hillary Clinton is just
now tweeting about there's a shooting of
a black guy in Tulsa and his name is
Terrence Crutcher what happened in this
particular case is the Terrance crunch
or something called the cops because he
stopped his car in the middle of the
road and then apparently ran from his
car saying that it was going to explode
at any second people called 9-1-1 they
said there's this crazy guy who'll
appears to be high and he's running in
the middle of the road and he stopped
his car in the middle of the road the
cops show up
here's what happens okay so you can see
the tape and it's really bad and what
you're actually seeing is you're seeing
this this this large black man walked
down the street with his hands raised in
the air he's walking away from the cops
they're telling him to stop he's not
paying attention to their to their
commands he walks back to his car and
then he and then he sort of drops his
hands down toward the car it looks like
he's leaning toward the car and then one
of the cops shoots him one tases him and
one shoots him now you can hear somebody
say that looks like that looks like a
bad dude people are thinking that means
that it's a race thing but he follows
that up with it looks like he's on drugs
okay the reason that is so so everyone's
trying to turn this into a racial issue
now it looks like a bad shoot okay
really looks like a bad shoot apparently
the officer who actually shot the guy a
female officer she apparently was just
devastated which she should be because
she shot somebody who was unarmed I mean
he had his hands up and was walking back
to his car he obviously should have
obeyed officer commands but that's no
excuse for the police shooting you for
no reason and this is a case where the
police commissioner immediately came out
when they released the tape he said this
is really bad we're doing a full
investigation the FBI is on it the DOJ
is on it so normally in a situation like
this in a situation like this
good-hearted people of all stripes look
at this sort of situation then they say
that's a terrible shoot the full weight
of the law should come down on the
person
who
killed somebody here right the full way
to the law should be brought to bear
that's true for black and white and
green it's true for people on the right
side of the aisle it's true for people
on the left side of the aisle and I'm
not seeing today a lot of people saying
Terrance cruncher deserve to get shot I
really haven't seen it anywhere that
doesn't stop the left that doesn't stop
the lesser Shaun King of the of the New
York Daily News a white guy who thinks
that he's black rubber tens of these
black Shaun King as a columnist there
and he's and he did the usual routine
which is he says look at that black guy
he shot because his car has stopped in
the middle of the road and he's
signaling for help well that's not the
whole story obviously the story is the
people called in and said that they
thought he was on drugs but it doesn't
even matter the idea what he says is the
black guy was shot for being in the
middle of the road as opposed to Achmed
Rajamani
raha me who is the New York City
terrorist and they captured him alive
and then they took him away without
without killing him and this is a
frequent complaint you hear Dylann storm
roof the guy who shot up the Charleston
Church they took him alive and they
didn't end up killing him whereas Eric
garner ends up dying okay first off
statistically speaking there been
multiple studies now there was one from
Harvard that came out last July and it
showed that black people are
significantly less likely to be shot by
the police then white people are likely
to be shot by police in the same
circumstances in fact officers police
officers are eighteen point five times
more likely to be shot by a black male
than an unarmed black male is to be shot
by a police officer okay all of that
said everyone agrees that a bad shoot is
a bad shoot but the left can't deal with
that the left doesn't want to believe
that we all agree a bad shoot is a bad
shoot they actually want to believe that
there are a bunch of people in the
country who are fine with black people
getting gunned down for no apparent
reason Hillary Clinton is playing on
this today and it's really disgusting
Hillary Clinton here's here's what we
hear is what Hillary Clinton just
tweeted she tweeted quote another
unarmed black man was shot in a police
incident this should be intolerable we
have so much work to do hashtag Terrence
Crutcher is there a bunch of issues with
the police here number one this looks
like police incompetence not necessarily
racism right there is a difference it's
not like they drove up on the guy he was
black they immediately shot him because
he was a black guy he wasn't paying
attention to their commands it looks
like one of the officers tased him and
the other officer panicked and shot him
so is that racism or is that just the
police being bad at their jobs once you
get into the idea that the police all
across the country are racist I think
that you run into a problem because you
very difficult to actually establish a
history of racism we'll see if this cop
who shot him had a history of racism and
went to work that day looking to shoot a
black guy I tend to think not every time
the DOJ investigates this stuff they
tend to find the opposite they tend to
find no evidence of racism to play but
there is tremendous evidence of
incompetence and the same thing is true
with regard to this guy bleeding out so
apparently he was shot and then they
stand there for one minute not really
knowing what to do
and the Tulsa Police Department says we
don't even really have a procedure for
this sort of thing since we don't shoot
people very often that's a failure of
procedure but the left will attribute it
to racism they'll say that black people
get left to die on the streets again no
evidence of that no statistical evidence
of that happening at all there are
police regulations by the way with
regard to handcuffing people who are
wounded and and that's been a complaint
of the left they've said every time a
black person gets shot then the police
go and they handcuff them they're
supposed to because a wounded person
could still theoretically do damage to
you but again the left's drive here is
to blame America for anything that goes
wrong and blame American racism for
anything that goes wrong and suggests
that everybody doesn't care about this
guy Terrence Crutcher and that's
nonsense there's no evidence there's no
evidence that the the that people in
America don't care about this we want
the officer prosecuted to the fullest
extent of the law we all want that we
all want justice done here we want a
full investigation if the if this shoot
appears to be as bad as it appears to be
this officers gonna go to jail for a
very long time at the very least this is
manslaughter clearly right it might be
second-degree murder so the fact is that
this is a case where the officer will
likely end up in prison and there's a
reason she crumbled her knees after
shooting the guy realizing he was
unarmed and all the officers are on tape
comforting her because they realize a
bad shoot just happened in all
likelihood but again the fact is that
Hillary Clinton is always race baiting
the left is always race baiting they put
out all these tweets saying this is just
more evidence the Colin Kapernick was
right Colin Kaepernick's argument is not
that black people sometimes get shot by
the cops wrongly that's not his argument
we all agree that sometimes black people
get shot by the cops wrongly because
sometimes white people get shot by the
cops wrongly and in in my home city of
Los Angeles there was a case recently
where a homeless man was basically beat
to death by some cops he was a white guy
and it didn't receive anywhere near the
sort of national attention that Michael
Brown received whose national criminals
trying to attack a cop the fact is that
police do things that are wrong
obviously
give people guns and you put them in
harm's way a lot and bad things are apt
to happen and people make mistakes and
people do stupid things and yes people
do racist things and people do terrible
things but Colin Kaepernick's argument
is that America celebrates when this
happens they nobody cares
that's Hillary's arguments it's Shawn
King's argument that people like me are
sitting here saying god I'm glad the
deterrence Crutcher got shot what
absolute nonsense what absolute nonsense
leftist insist that every individual
injustice is in fact a reflection of
deep-seated deep-rooted American racism
and evil and that in and of itself is
evil because there is no evidence that
that is true whatsoever in fact all the
evidence is to the contrary again
everybody who I see in my own timeline
and a lot of the people in my timeline
on Twitter our right wingers out say 90%
of the people who I follow are on the
right side of the aisle I haven't seen
one person not one say Terrence Crutcher
deserve to be shot glad it happened
haven't seen one of them but if you
listen to Colin Kaepernick the idea is
that Americans across the country are
rallying in the streets today in support
of this cop celebrating the death of
Terrence Crutcher and this is the
problem if we can't agree if we can't
agree that we all believe good things in
terms of in terms of having good
personal feelings for innocent people
who are shot then we have there's no
country anymore there really is no
country if you can't agree that I have
good motivations when I'm mourn for
somebody like Terrence crutch or when I
say that's awful what just happened in
Terrence crotch are full extent of the
law should be brought if you suggest I'm
a racist anyway then it's obvious you
don't want a country where we all get
along and where we're all able to come
together if we can't come together
around cases like Terrence Crutcher we
can't come together around anything that
the left likes to do is pretend the case
is like Michael Brown are exactly the
same as cases like Terrence Crutcher but
the left likes to do is take cases that
are at best under investigation
things like Elton Stirling and turn them
into the Terrence crusher case they like
to take all of these cases and lump them
into one giant basket and then say that
they're all the same and if you disagree
with the left on Michael Brown and that
means that you don't care about Terrence
Crutcher that's sure nonsense it's
absolute horse pucky
and it's a problem it really is a
problem so okay
let's move on the next next thing I want
to talk about today is the continued
fallout from the New York City bombing
and there is continued to fallout today
from the New York City bombing so we now
know that the bombing suspect that the
bombing
but off meta raha me who appears to be
they say acting alone but his wife and
his mommy both left the country two days
ago three days ago so they knew
something was up
and meanwhile we have a report now from
the New York Times that all the way back
in 2014 there was actually a report by
aqua meds daddy that he was a terrorist
so apparently tried to stab his brother
and that's it and that's when the and
that's when dad called the cops and dad
said he's a terrorist and the FBI looked
into it and they said ah no big deal
nothing to see here
by the way he traveled to Afghanistan no
I don't want to put too fine a point on
it
well ins last time you travel to
Afghanistan when's the last time you
were in Afghanistan like really you know
many people go to Afghanistan as
tourists like not journalists not aid
workers actual tourists who picks up and
decides you know what today I need to go
to the most romantic spot on earth
Kandahar
I just need to be there I need to be
there in the middle of Taliban occupied
territory in the northern part of Pak in
the northern part of Afghanistan right
on that Afghani Pakistani border that's
where I want to be this guy off mod raha
me he was making repeat trips over to
Pakistan into the most Taliban infested
area over there and then he was
traveling to Afghanistan if that's not
the red flag of all red flags I don't
know what is and the idea that the
law-enforcement community can't keep
their eye on just the number of people
who traveled to Afghanistan if you
traveled to Afghanistan and you're not
going there as journalists or an aid
worker we should be keeping an eye on
you okay nobody goes there just for fun
nobody said again nobody's vacationing
in in the mountains of Afghanistan
that's just not how it works so he goes
to Afghanistan goes to Pakistan he gets
married he brings back his wife I mean
this sounds very much like Syed Farook
the guy who in San Bernardino shot up
that that that Civic Center he went to
Saudi Arabia brought back a wife
they were both radicalized they shot up
the Civic Center in this case he goes to
Afghanistan in Pakistan he's radicalized
he brings back a wife he actually went
to a New Jersey Congress person to help
import his wife and then New Jersey
congressman a Democrat of course said
that say he helped the he helped the the
guy get the the woman in raha me
contacted my office in the year 2014
because he wanted his wife to come for
understand
he wanted his wife to come from Pakistan
he contacted your office does his wife
ever get to the United States yeah I
assume she did at the time she was
pregnant and the in fact is then they
told her that she could not come over
until she had the baby because she had
to get a visa for the baby another piece
of information we're learning right here
again just to finish that thought that I
was going to nasty to those fight that's
as we learn more about it obviously
based on what he's accused of doing he
clearly was kind of nasty those five
individuals family members to be clear
they have all been released none of them
was charged he's kind of nasty - well
I'm glad that you really sounded off on
that at the time veteran import his wife
and his babies - the later he could
commit a terrorist attack great glad
that happened
I mean untitled Trump is on a rampage
about all this and he should be he
should be so you know let's play a
little bit of good trump bad Trump
because the fact is that there was some
good Trump yesterday all righty so time
for some good from I don't have my
magical faces with me unfortunately
because the fact is that I'm not back in
LA I'm stuck in this hotel in Michigan
but in any case Donald Trump says that
it's ridiculous how well this this
terrorist is being treated here's what
he had to say we have caught this evil
thug who planted the bombs
thank you law enforcement thank you
police right
but the bad part now we will give him
amazing hospitalization he will be taken
care of by some of the best doctors in
the world
he will be given a fully modern and
updated hospital room and he'll probably
even have room service knowing the way
our country is and on top of all of that
he will be represented by an outstanding
lawyer okay so you know this is sort of
an unfair hit this guy's actually an
American citizen he's a naturalized
American citizen which means that you
have to give him all the things an
American citizen would get but the
underlying message what Trump is saying
is that we treat terrorist suspects too
lightly and that of course is totally
true okay we have take a break quickly
for us tax filled so our friends aux tat
shield if you're in trouble at the IRS
if you haven't paid your back taxes if
you're somebody who has who's gotten in
arrears with with the with the
government or if you've just been
targeted by the IRS and you need to talk
to folks to help you get out of that
hole you need to call my friends over at
a US tax field their number is 805 four
to twenty to twenty six they have an A+
rating with the Better Business Bureau
and they specialize in helping people
like you they'll get on the line with
you and the IRS they will give you an
actual an actual bottom line estimate
that will not change over time after
they get on the line with the IRS and
figure out how much you actually owe to
the IRS they have a Fresh Start program
that allows them to renegotiate your
debt with the IRS and settle it in a
short period of time call them right now
US tax shield 1-800 five four two twenty
two twenty six or you can visit them at
US tax shield com slash Ben to find out
what resolution programs you qualify for
and see how much you can save on your
tax debt again the number is eight
hundred five four two twenty two twenty
six us tax shield comm slash Ben of
course always use the slash Ben's that
they know that we sent you okay so
Donald Trump that was the only thing
that Donald Trump said or did Donald
Trump's son has gotten himself in
significantly hot water for tweeting
this we have picture of this tweet the
skittles tweet let's say here it is so
it says if I had a bowl of skittles and
I told you just three would kill you
would you take a handful that's our
Syrian refugee problem that's a picture
of a bowl of skittles and everybody on
the Left loses their mind over this
graphic they all go absolutely nuts over
this graphic how could he compare Syrian
refugees to skittles
I agree skittles are delicious and
sugary treats Syrian refugees I assume
are not delicious I don't eat them
but in any case everybody goes nuts over
this how could you possibly make the
skittles analogy I have to say I don't
really understand what's so horrible
about the skittles analogy if the idea
is that it's possible to determine which
skittles are poisoned then we don't have
a problem do we but if we can't
determine which skittles are poisoned
then perhaps you got to think about how
our immigration system works especially
given the fact that again the Rohani
family his father was was an immigrant
the Farook family I believe the father
was an immigrant the the the Sarnia
brother is immigrated as children and
teenagers and the mom was radicalized so
the fact is that everybody's going nuts
over the skittles analogy I just don't I
really don't see why particularly I mean
there there's some holes in the analogy
but if you actually take it for what it
is which is a very simplistic analogy I
don't see the big problem except that
the media are out to get Trump it's not
gonna work most people actually agree
with the analogy most people look at
them they say well yeah that's right if
they're gonna be a couple of people who
come across from overseas to murder
Americans let's just shut that whole
thing down this is why Trump has an
advantage on the terror issue well talk
more about all of this as we continue
over at Daily wire calm if you want to
subscribe at daily wire com
then you need to you need to go there
right now and you can continue to watch
the show live and not only can you watch
the show live continuing you can also
get an annual membership right now that
means you get a free copy of the Andrew
Klavan book which is really interesting
books I talked about last week plus you
can be part of the mailbag and in a
couple of days here we do the mailbag
which is always awesome and we now have
a feature where if you're part of daily
we're calm and you're watching live I
will respond to your questions in real
time during the mailbag which is really
a pretty cool feature so daily wire calm
eight bucks a month become a subscriber
and and continue and if you just want to
listen and check us out later at iTunes
and SoundCloud the largest and most
popular podcast in conservative America
the Ben Shapiro show
