approximately half an hour after the New
York City bombing that wounded 29 people
one critically Donald Trump deplane and
then he promptly said that a quote bomb
went off in New York he added we've got
to get very tough it's a terrible thing
what's going on in our world what's
going on in our country we are gonna get
tough and smart and vigilant and we are
going to end it in the media lost its
collective mine how could Trump jump to
the conclusion that trashcans did not
spontaneously explode and hurt 30 people
on the same day somebody attempted to
blow up a pipe bomb near a military race
in New Jersey what fool what crazy fool
would lead to such conclusions CNN's
hunted quote typically national
political figures use caution when
describing unfolding situation in law
enforcement actions like when you know
Obama said that the officers in
Cambridge Massachusetts acted stupidly
Keith Olbermann said quote dear Donald
Trump I'm sorry the explosion in Chelsea
scared you so much when everyone in
Chelsea seems fine hashtag you
exploitative scumbag except for the 30
people who are wounded Democratic
consultant John Aron vocÃªs tweeted hey
there's a surprise Donald Trump decided
to use the New York explosion this
political advantage as opposed to
Democrats who say every crisis is an
opportunity Jamil Smith of MT News
tweeted does everyone know how effing
dangerous it is to say this we here in
New York don't know what it was but he
does NYPD
New York Fire Department don't know if
it was a bomb in Chelsea but Trump does
well yeah
Clara Jeffrey of Mother Jones tweeted
don't be like Trump and spread
misinformation nobody knows what caused
Chelsea explosion could be gas leak or
other accident that narrative fell apart
about two hours afterward when Hillary
Clinton while ripping Trump for
supposedly jumping the gun described the
New York City bombing as a bombing
herself whoopsie
much of the media criticism incredibly
came after Hillary had already confirmed
that the bombing was bombing is it any
wonder nobody trusts the media when
their first reaction to a terror bombing
in a major city is to wonder about a
politician saying that a bombing is a
bombing just a little bit too early I'm
Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
tons to get to today here on the bench
Shapiro show and we got to all of it
first we have to say hello to today's
sponsor Birch gold our good friends with
better good friends at Birch gold they
have a great long-standing track record
of continued success with their clients
lots of lot thousands of satisfied
clients 5-star reviews A+ rating from
the Better Business Bureau which is one
of the matters to me and and their folks
who can help you invest in precious
metals move your 401k or IRA over to
precious metals if you're concerned
about the state of the economy and the
future of inflation concerned about the
stock market
you should have part of your portfolio
for sure in gold I have a little bit of
my portfolio in precious metals you
should contact Burks group gold gold
group right now and receive a free
information kit on physical precious
metals they'll give you this this 16
page kit for free that tells you how
gold and silver can protect your savings
you can call them and talk to them also
ask all your questions and I always say
when it comes to investments ask all the
questions that you want to ask because
it's your money to get your note cost no
obligation kit call our friends at Birch
gold group right now 800 492 long / Ben
make sure that it's bi r CH gold com /
Ben add the slash pence that they know
that we sent you and then they continue
advertising with us and making the show
possible because otherwise we have a
bunch of people here who are
unemployable and they'll be on the
breadline so you'll pay for them by
paying our advertisers or through your
tax dollars through welfare so those are
your two choices
okay what's going on today obviously the
big news over the weekend is that there
is this this bombing in New York City
and this happens in Chelsea
32:29 people wounded one person wounded
critically there was also a an attempted
pipe bombing in New Jersey there was
also an attempted bombing this morning
in Elizabeth New Jersey
apparently the robot that was supposed
to disarm the bomb accidentally
triggered the bomb so blew up nobody was
hurt my favorite part of this of this
story is obviously not the bombing
itself but my favorite part is that Bill
de Blasio's anti-terror plan is
apparently letting more criminals out
onto the streets because the way that
there were two bombs planted in New York
one went off the other one was found how
was the other one found it was found
because thieves saw a rolling backpack
lying on the street and decided they
liked the rolling backpack so they
opened it up they took out the the
kettle bomb it was it looked like a
pressure cooker they took out the
pressure
hooker which was the bomb they
physically took it out of the suitcase
accidentally disconnecting it put it in
a trash bag and then stole the suitcase
that serviced toots you actually get rid
of it to dismantle the bomb so well done
for the thieves in New York City who are
they again this is this is de Blasio's
plan to stop terrorism is to cut down on
the police and increase the number of
thieves who are gonna steal the objects
that have bombs in them amazingly that
was actually not the only situation in
which this happens and it happened in
New Jersey also the way that the police
discovered this backpack with filled
with five IEDs reportedly was because
somebody left the backpack you know in a
public area so that it would kill people
and a thief picked it up and started to
walk away with it and then looked inside
and said oh my god there are bombs in
here and called the cops so thank you to
to America's thieving community you've
saved a lot of people today pretty
pretty great okay so here is it so
Donald Trump was under a lot of fire
from me I want to talk about today why
Donald Trump benefits when there's a
terrorist attack and he dies the reason
that Donald Trump benefits when there's
a terrorist attack at least ones like in
San Bernardino is because the Democrats
believe all the wrong things the media
believe all the wrong things so Trump
makes basically three arguments when it
comes to terror attacks argument number
one is that the media will not cover
terror attack as a terror attack and
they pretend it's not a big deal and
they cover the Islamophobia angle and
they worry about the backlash from us
evil Americans significantly more than
they worry about the actual bombing so
that's his argument number one it's
against the media argument number two is
against the Democrats
he said the Democrats don't know how to
deal with this they refuse to even label
this Islamic terrorism they're hesitant
to say what we all know is true their
angles just don't work on how they're
going to deal with this they blame all
the wrong people so that's his second
argument is the Democrats don't know how
to deal with this and this third
argument is when it comes to terrorism
the best solution to terrorism is to
stop the terrorists from coming here in
the first place we need to limit
immigration significantly cut it off
completely actually from countries where
we have no capacity to vet places like
say Afghanistan places like say Syria
and the Democrats meanwhile keep talking
about how they want to bring in more
people from these places so those are
Trump's three big arguments and given
the events of the weekend all three of
these arguments are absolutely stellar
they absolutely work
especially in this situation in
Minnesota's there's a stabbing attack in
Minnesota by a guy Isis now takes credit
for this 22 year old guy was a student
he Matt and I'm trying to find out it
was he Somali refugee who's that the
story he was these refugee I guess and
or his dad was and and he commits this
this atrocities going around a mall in
Minneapolis stabbing people killing one
wounding another seven and and he does
that well asking people if they're
Muslims first the media covered this up
for 24 hours they have no idea what the
motive is no idea what the motive is can
you imagine if somebody went around
stabbing people asking if they were
Christian and shouting Jesus Christ at
the top of his lungs how long do you
think it would take for the media to
reveal the motive was Christianity
radical Christianity and to them but it
took them 24-48 hours to say that this
had anything to do with radical Islam it
took them until Isis actually claimed
credit so I want to start with the media
angle so here's the actual video of the
bomb going off in Chelsea this happened
late Saturday night people running away
obviously so for people who can't see
they're listening to it the in the
distance you can see a big flash of
light and bomb goes off and it clearly
looks like a bomb I mean there's video
of this contemporaneous and it clearly
happen and then the NYPD finds a
pressure cooker and here's a picture of
the pressure cooker now you'll notice
this picture of the pressure cooker this
is from New York City alerts you'll
notice on the picture of the pressure
cooker there's a little symbol it's down
near about the the five o'clock position
on this pressure cooker if the top of it
were o'clock and what you see there it's
hard to see a little bit that is a
crescent and a star right that is an
Islamic symbol on top of the pressure
cooker and we know that that the Bombers
in Boston used pressure cookers in order
to try and kill people at the Boston
Marathon we also know that al-qaeda had
told potential terrorist recruits here's
how you make a bomb using a pressure
cooker and you put a bunch of stuff in
it so pressure cooker bombs have sort of
become the latest AED now just I want to
preface what I'm about to say with
regard to the media and the Democrats
with this we know why people do this we
do we know why people do this it's
because they follow a brand of Islam
that believes that they must murder the
infidel it's that simple and they're not
they're not trying to hide this I mean
that the terrorists don't try to hide it
it's not like they're hiding this under
some sort of dog whistle there's no dog
whistle so to take an example there's a
Palestinian preacher who over the
weekend he was calling on Allah to blow
up Washington DC because Allah has
promised them the White House hears of
it this is a great mystery why these
people are doing what they're doing is
it a giant mystery I mean he seems to
understand what it is that he's talking
about and it seems the terrorists
understand what they're talking about
okay so we know why they do it and they
know what they do the reason that Trump
benefits from terrorist attacks is not
because terrorist attacks are inherently
good for Republicans they're not the
reason is because Democrats do all the
wrong things whenever there's a
terrorist attack you don't make you feel
secure and make you feel like they don't
take the problem seriously and the media
do the same thing so Trump starts so so
I think that it's important to recognize
what the media was actually focused on
over the weekend so we'll get back to
the bombing in a second but I think it's
important to regress here for just
digress for just a second Donald Trump
on Friday played a big trick on the
media so on Thursday he said to the
Washington Post that he didn't want to
talk about whether Barack Obama was born
in the United States and media went
insane they lost their minds we have to
talk about this it's a big issue we have
to talk about birtherism sure Obama
released his birth certificate in 2011
but this is a big campaign issue we all
have to talk about it so on Friday
Trump plays a trick on the media he says
he's gonna hold a big speech event where
he discusses the birther issue at length
and then he starts the event he trots
out 20 minutes of veterans endorsing him
and then finally at the very end at the
very end he trolls the meet he drops 10
seconds and here's what Trump says about
the birther issue not to mention her in
the same breath but Hillary Clinton
and her campaign of 2008 started the
birther controversy I finished it I
finished it you know what I mean
President Barack Obama was born in the
United States period now we all want to
get back to making America strong and
great again thank you thank you very
much he trolls them right he does his
whole routine and the media are so mad
they were supposed to go on this press
tour of the new Washington DC Trump
hotel and actually physically went in
and deleted all the footage that they
had taken of the Trump Tour said nobody
could music they were so mad at Trump so
over the weekend there's this terrorist
attack in New York City and there's a
terrorist attack in in Minneapolis and
there's an attempted terrorist attack in
New Jersey so what are the media focused
on where's the media's big focus on
Obama's birth certificate naturally so
on Sunday morning here's the coverage on
Sunday morning of the of the news that
really matters here's Martha Raddatz
who's going to be moderating one of
these debates and here she is talking
about the birther issue he said Friday
that Hillary Clinton and her campaign
were at fault for this birther movement
as well and you just said it yourself
what is the proof because we can't find
any and fact checkers have looked into
that that Hillary Clinton started the
birther movement well I just would refer
you to news reports with the McClatchy
News Service and reports of people in
your industry Martha but people in my
industry say there's no proof they can
find that Larry
well I understand your perspective on it
I understand the desire of many in the
national media to change the subject
from hillary clinton's disastrous record
and her dishonesty but we're just not
going to play that game okay so you can
see where the media is focusing on a ton
birtherism that's the real issue that's
what everybody's worried about things
are blowing up in trash cans in the
middle of New York City and they're
deeply deeply worried about the bird of
their issue Martha Raddatz continues to
insist that the birther issue is not
over she continues to focus on his 5c on
Friday for the very first time mr. Trump
said that Barack Obama was born in the
US why did it take him so long
well let me say that the momentum in
this campaign is really overwhelming and
I think it's because Donald Trump's been
focusing on issues the American people
really care about he brought that issue
to an end this week but but I have to be
honest Lee the other than many in the
national media and certainly in Hillary
Clinton's campaign as I campaign all
across this country with Donald Trump
because we know he's gonna say here so
here's the point forget about the
birther stuff for a second no one cares
about that when bombs are going off in
the middle of New York City but what are
the media concerned about the media are
deeply deeply concerned that Donald
Trump said bombing so here's what Donald
Trump said immediately after this
bombing in New York City just before I
got off the plane a bomb went off in New
York and nobody knows exactly what's
going on but boy we are living in a time
we better get very tough folks we'd
better get very very tough just happened
so we'll find out but it's it's a
terrible thing that's going on in our
world and in our country and we are
going to get tough and smart and
vigilant and we're going to end it we're
gonna end it so we'll see what it is and
as I mentioned up top at the beginning
of the show the media lose their mind
how could Trump say bombing we don't
even know it's a bombing here first of
all you can see in the video it's a
bombing okay you can see from the video
it's behind there multiple angles of the
attack people were already saying it was
a bombing within minutes of it happening
as opposed to there was for example a
gas leak in New York City that would
that that created a massive explosion a
couple of weeks ago and there was no one
who was saying that it was a bombing
because it was clear that it was a gas
leak Hillary wants to knock Trump for
this too so Hillary goes after Trump she
says it's really inappropriate for me to
say this she just makes a little boo-boo
I've been briefed
the bombings in New York and New Jersey
and the attack and Zelda obviously we
need to do everything we can to support
our first responders also great for the
victims we have to let this
investigation unfold we've been in touch
with various officials including the
mayor's office in New York to learn what
they are discovering she continued on by
ripping into Trump saying that it was
inappropriate for Trump to comment on it
the problem was she led off her
statement by saying we know about the
bombings in New York so she says there's
been these bombings in New York but
Trump said they were bombings and that's
really bad that's really bad is that
supposed to make Americans feel secure
with her I mean first of all she looks
half-dead there she looks like she's an
extra from the cast of Walking Dead
she's a walking corpse she looks bad
right mean you don't feel secure with
her but that's really where your focus
is that's really your focuses and it
gets worse
so we've already said that Trump is
right about the media he's also right
about the Democrats and how they make
people feel insecure about all of this
but to watch they're gonna have to go to
daily wire.com if you subscribe to daily
wired.com you can watch the rest of the
show live we have all these cool new
features over daily wire calm you get by
the way we have an annual offer for
people at daily wire calm if you
subscribe right now annually then you
get a free copy of Andrew clavin's book
signed in a few weeks we're going to be
doing the same thing with my book signed
my new novel sign so that you get that
daily wire calm is the place to be and
again the show will continue live we're
watching it there right now it'll just
be live you'll continue right on you
don't have to wait until later for the
audio and you can see the video so so go
to daily wire calm right now subscribe
it's 8 bucks a month if you want to
listen to the rest of the show later go
to YouTube or iTunes we are the number
one conservative podcast in the country
we thank you for that
