the NCAA has now announced they will
punish the entire state of North
Carolina for the state law preventing
localities from forcing businesses to
let men pee next to little girls and
they've stated that public bathroom
facilities must be utilized in
accordance with biological sex that's
what the law says the n-c-double-a
statement explains that this is the
worst thing ever according to their
press release quote based on the NCAA's
commitment to fairness and inclusion the
Association will relocate all seven
previously awarded championship events
from North Carolina during the 2016-2017
academic year NC double-a President Mark
Emmert blatherin quote fairness is about
more than the opportunity to participate
in college sports or even compete for
championships we believe in providing a
safe and respectful environment at our
events and are committed to providing
the best experience possible for college
athletes fans and everyone taking part
in our championships the NCAA added that
because North Carolina laws are
discriminatory against LGBT Americans
they cannot hold their championships
there now look the NCAA has every right
to do this they're not a governmental
body but this is immoral and idiotic
virtue signaling the NCAA has not
invalidate any of the NC double-a
sanctioned events inside the state that
are not high-profile Duke UNC university
of north carolina they'll continue to
compete in state so if the NCAA is
deeply afraid of the evil Charlotte
North Carolinians picking up torches and
going after Caitlyn Jenner they really
ought to cancel all the NC double-a
events in their state but they won't
because they're liars and they're
hypocrites they also will not be
disbanding independent male and female
sports which are of course cisgender and
transphobic after all if a man wants to
play for women's teams and a woman wants
to play for men's teams why must there
be separate categories if gender is
entirely a social construct why should
we reinforce that evil terrible awful
social construct through separate sex
specific sports the North Carolina GOP
issued an epic response to all of this
they said quote this is so absurd it's
almost comical I genuinely look forward
to the NC double-a merging all men's and
women's teams together as a singular
unified unisex team under the NCAA's
logic colleges should make cheerleaders
and football players share bathrooms
showers and hotel rooms they may already
be doing that the decision is an assault
to female athletes across the nation if
you are unwilling to have women's
bathrooms and locker rooms how do you
have a women's team
I wish the NCAA
this concern about the women who are
raped at Baylor perhaps the n-c-double-a
should stop with their political
peacocking and instead focus their
energies on making sure our nation's
collegiate athletes are safe both on and
off the field that's their statement no
answers will be forthcoming from the
NCAA but at least they have the support
of the potential presidents of the
United States the ailing Hillary Clinton
who tweeted quote the NCAA is right to
pull tournament games from North
Carolina because of the anti LGBT hb2
law discrimination has no place in
America signed Hillary Clinton from her
deathbed except of course when it does
have a place in America when
governmental actors promote boycotts
against private actors and states that
have laws they don't like how many
members of Duke back hb2 how many
members of UNC do anybody more
importantly Hilary and her crew are
certainly happy to utilize the power of
government to discriminate against women
by forcing men into their bathrooms and
locker rooms and even more happy to
discriminate against religious Americans
who don't want to participate in
same-sex ceremonies and activities when
the n-c-double-a is not pulling out of
Washington state where Baker's are being
sued out of existence for following
their private religious principles the
n-c-double-a ought to pay a price from
its audience for this sort of leftist
pandering Americans ought to tune out
their big games and events until the
point when the NCAA stops being a tool
for leftism
and actually starts being a sports
organization but that's the problem with
us conservatives we are too easygoing so
we'll continue to watch the NCAA
championship and the left will continue
hijacking sports to provoke leftist
social change I'm Ben Shapiro this is
the Ben Shapiro show
so much forgets you today here on the
bench Shapiro shown by the way shouldn't
mention right up top that if you
subscribe to daily wired.com now folks
who are watching this live on Facebook
or YouTube if you subscribe to daily
wire you can now watch the entire show
live so after we hit the break you can
continue watching it live at Daily wire
calm which is certainly worth your $8 a
month what you should have been doing
anyway we want to say hello to one of
our advertisers US tax shield US tax
shield these are folks if you have
trouble with the IRS and if you're
conservative
there's at least a 50% shot that you
have troubles with the IRS but if you do
have troubles with the IRS because
you're either conservative or you forgot
to pay your taxes or you screwed up on
your taxes you need to talk to the good
folks at US tax shield they've an A+
rating with the Better Business Bureau
and they specialize in helping people
with personal tax liability and business
payroll taxes and fees and penalties you
can call them for a free consultation
a senior tax consultant will actually
get on the line with the IRS with you
and find out exactly what your
liabilities are they will give you an
estimate a guaranteed quote and that
quote never increases so you can be sure
that when they quote you the price for
what they're doing then they stick with
that price they also have something
called the Fresh Start program that
helps you come clean with the IRS and
settle all of your debt in a really
short period of time if you want to call
the tax parolee professionals at you
exit a CEO at u.s. tax yield for again a
free consultation their number is 805
for 222 26 that's 542 22 26 805 for 222
26 or go to US tax shield comm slash Ben
you can find out what sort of resolution
programs you qualify for see how much
you can save on your tax that they
helped negotiate with the IRS to get it
down that's US tax shield comm slash Ben
make sure you use the slash Ben so they
know that we sent you and they continue
to advertise and ensure that our sad
little minions here who work for peanuts
actually get to continue to work on this
magnificent show which will obviously be
the highlight of their lives and be put
on their epitaphs after they die okay so
lots of things going on in the world
mostly speaking of dying Hillary Clinton
called in to CNN yesterday she called in
to Anderson Cooper's show presumably
they removed her from the iron lung long
enough protocol Anderson Cooper's show
and she explained why it was that she
didn't disclose that last Friday she was
diagnosed with pneumonia and instead
decided to go out to a 9/11 memorial on
Sunday where she promptly fell
face-first into the pavement and
was grabbed and tossed like a sack of
potatoes into a van was driven to
Chelsea Clinton's apartment by the way
in the New York Post reports exactly
what I said yesterday which is the only
reason they drove her to Chelsea's is
they didn't want to go to the ER because
if they went to the ER it blows up the
story she apparently never saw a doctor
until she got up to Chappaqua later on
Monday on Sunday afternoon and so
Hillary Clinton calls in to Anderson
Cooper presumably she's on an IV at this
point here is Hillary Clinton why not
just say on Friday as you said -
apparently - Senator Schumer on Sunday
you know I have an ammonia folks I'm
gonna power through it why keep it a
secret well I just didn't think it was
going to be that big a deal you know I
know Chuck said today he didn't tell
anybody it's just the kind of thing that
if it happens to you in your busy active
person you keep moving forward okay
you're busy active person you keep
moving for she didn't think it was that
important yeah I don't buy that one for
one single solitary second you do you
buy that here's the thing about Hillary
Hillary lying about her health just
underscores the fact that she lies about
everything
so she says she didn't think it was
important she was diagnosed with
pneumonia doesn't matter that there were
weeks weeks where she was coughing up a
lung and people were wondering what was
going on she's diagnosed with pneumonia
and she waits until she falls facedown
on pavement in order for her to come out
with the fact that she had pneumonia do
you think that that's because she didn't
think it was important or because she is
a paranoid initiate she's a paranoid and
she has a tendency toward sort of
believing that the cover-up is always
the smartest thing to do that's always
the smartest things do maybe the
cover-up is the smartest thing to do we
still don't know anything about her
health records Hillary insisted that she
was transparent as soon as she found out
what was going on they were they're
totally transparent well we're going to
be releasing more information and I
think it's fair to say we've already met
the standard of disclosure of past
presidential candidates like Mitt Romney
and President Obama we'll add more
information but I've all really station
about my health in this campaign as well
as nearly 40 years of tax returns we've
already met a high standard of
transparency okay we've been a high
standard does anyone in the world
believe this does anybody believe that
Hillary has met a high standard of
transparency so she says all this and
chews asked by Anderson Cooper has the
and before said yeah I think there were
two times when I fainted then there was
bill so there's two things about this
particular clip that are funny so first
we're gonna watch Bill Clinton tell
Charlie Rose on PBS that Hillary has had
this sort of thing in the past here's
what he said you wonder if if it's not
more serious no no it's even dehydration
she's been well if it is it's a mystery
to me and all of her doctors rarely but
on more than one occasion over the last
many many years the same sort of things
happen to her when she just got severely
dehydrated okay so it's happened on more
than one occasion or she's been severely
hot dehydrated she said it happened
twice we know of at least four times
when Hillary's faints in 2005 2009 2012
when she bumped her head in 2016
obviously when she just fell over at
this at this 9/11 memorial what's
hilarious about this is at CBS News when
they first broadcast this clip they had
bill saying this rarely happened to
Hillary except that they missed they
they cut out a particular line which are
about to see she's been well if it is
it's a mystery to me and all of her
doctors because it's frequently not
frequently I thought rarely but they're
not lying folks frequently well am I not
frequently I wouldn't say frequently
rarely that's what I was looking for
they're the opposite gang frequently
well I would say rarely this has
happened before to Hillary CBS just
slices it out boom and they broadcasted
on broadcast TV they released this
online this is CBS his favorite thing to
do CBS with Scott Pelley particularly
for years they've been cutting out all
the bad stuff for Democrats and sticking
it online and hiding it online hoping
that nobody will ever see it this is
just another incident of that Hillary
continues to maintain the cheese
transparents of course Robby Mook her
campaign manager he was asked about
Hillary's health and he said you know
we're not gonna go into details on when
we found out about everything because
that's just not something we do like
tell the truth we don't do that I'm not
gonna I'm not gonna you know get into
details about who knew her medical
information but she made a determination
with her doctor that she would power
through this she didn't want it to
affect anything and obviously on on
Sunday when she got overheated it was
clear that she needed some downtime
consultation with her doctor she's
taking some downtime oh she's just
taking some downtime and we're not gonna
go into who knew when and why we lied to
people about it and why we didn't say
anything and then why we claimed it was
just dehydration as opposed to she had
pneumonia we're not gonna go into any of
that because I mean honestly why should
we've been so forthright and honest with
everybody about everything for so why
would we possibly do anything like that
why would you possibly I love this Brian
Fallon another Clinton spokesperson he
came out yesterday he says don't worry
well this week will release more health
information let me just say Andrea we've
been in touch with her this morning and
it is our intention that in the next
couple days we're going to be releasing
additional medical information about
Hillary Clinton a year ago over a year
ago now we released a an extensive
letter with the comprehensive medical
history family medical history and state
picture of her health that completely
adheres to the norm for presidential
candidates and far exceeds what Donald
Trump has released but we're going to go
beyond that and in the next few days
that we've been in touch with her
physician this morning to get those
materials together we're gonna be
releasing that too to further put to
rest any lingering concerns about what
you saw yesterday I can attest Andrea
that it really is the case that there's
no other undisclosed condition the
pneumonia is the extent of it and I can
also attest that her doctor has stated
that there that there was nothing here
in terms of anything that was caused by
what happened in 2012 really tests
there's no underlying condition nothing
is an overhang from 2012 also will be
dripping this information out as we see
fit very very slowly so basically
they're treating Hillary's helped the
same way they treated the private server
right we're gonna delete all the
information that we don't want you to
know and then we're gonna release all
the other information and call ourselves
transparent this is the way that Hillary
does things and does that make you feel
secure about her health does that make
you feel secure about her health and
this is a real question because we
should know whether the president is
going to die in office before we get to
vote for this person we should know how
sick she is we should know everything we
should have medical records and you know
Donald Trump says look I don't take
satisfaction in being right he's been
questioning Hillary's health for a while
says I don't take satisfaction in being
right here's Trump yesterday given
yesterday's events and I'm sure you
don't take any satisfaction in in what
the the what we saw yesterday but would
you say that that you were probably
correct in your assessment well I don't
take satisfaction Joe and frankly you
know I hope she gets well and hope she
gets well soon
but you know was it was quite sad to be
honest with you and and I hope she gets
well soon
okay so he says he doesn't take any any
glory in all of us which is the smart
place a trump is under control and Trump
over and control is the best Trump right
that's good Trump in our in our normal
good Trump bad Trump dichotomy then of
course you would imagine so this this
week Donald Trump is supposed to go on
dr. oz and they're doing this like a
Maury Povich special so apparently he
did a physical and he's gonna give dr.
oz the results of the physical but he's
not gonna look at them himself dr. oz is
just gonna read them off to him on TV I
can only hope and pray that there's some
sort of paternity test in there and that
we get some like snaggletooth young
woman who runs out and says daddy to try
my tits for entertainment value if
nothing else I mean we've seen
everything else crazy in this election
cycle so if we don't have a Maury Povich
paternity moment then I think that we've
really missed out here I mean we have
already Rick Perry on Dancing with the
Stars so we're getting closer every
single day but what but it's smart Trump
is going out there and he's saying okay
here's what you need to know about my
health there's only one problem which is
that Kelly and Conway says they're not
gonna release Trump's full health
records this is the problem when you
have to geriatrics running against each
other and was it with dr. Bornstein that
I don't know I was not present for his
physical but remember Ange I mean I'm
with dr. oz and millions of Americans on
this I don't know why we need such
extensive medical reporting when we all
have a right to privacy the entire
argument in favor of Hillary releasing
these medical reports is that we deserve
to know extensive medical reporting and
she says well we have to worry about
privacy okay it's Hillary's argument are
using Hillary's argument so now I think
both of them are dying right I mean this
is it's ridiculous like why is this so
hard I'm willing right now it's turn
over my full health reports it turns out
there's nothing there that should scare
anybody if you lie like medical privacy
sort of goes out the window except for
you know you had an embarrassing
fungal surgery it goes out the window
the minute that you decide to run for
president because I'm not releasing my
tax returns today I'm not running for
president if I did I'd released my tax
return
we sort of have this basic expectation
but in any case Hillary's dishonesty and
this is the real point that I want to
make here about Hillary's dishonesty
Hillary's dishonesty demonstrates she's
not competent at this and so I'm not
comfortable with Hillary being president
obviously because she's deeply corrupt
and because she's deeply evil but
because she's deeply corrupt and deeply
evil doesn't mean that she's competent
so when we say that she's gonna be just
as damaging as Obama I don't think she's
gonna be just as damaging as Obama not
cuz she doesn't have the same intent but
because Hillary is both corrupt and
incompetent
she's so transparent that everyone looks
at her even the media which we'll get to
in a minute even the media look at her
and they say you suck at this you're
terrible
you're ineffective in other words she's
more jimmy carter than she is Barack
Obama Obama's tremendously effective
politician he can use the stump he can
pretend that he's not corrupt the media
have covered for him for eight years
even the media can't cover for the fact
that Hillary Clinton is a pathological
liar who's deeply corrupt they can't
cover for her so if she were president
god forbid what you would end up with is
a scandal risen presidency no power the
bully pulpit no possibility of
convincing Congress you'd end up with
gridlock because right now it looks like
the Republicans maintain both the house
and the Senate in all probability so you
know I think that some of the worries
about Hillary Clinton being worse than
Obama are overstated I think she's
starting in a worse place than Obama
started because Obama has taken us
pretty far but I think that Hillary's
just not competent in a way that Obama
is competent which doesn't mean that you
should support Hillary Clinton because
she's not gonna be that bad she will be
but what's gonna prevent her from being
really truly awful in every possible
conceivable way what's gonna prevent her
from being more as president ever is not
her motive what's gonna prevent that is
her competence level her confidence
level is absolutely minimal it's
absolutely low okay we have to say hello
to another sponsor really quickly and
that is Birch gold so right now if
you're worried about the future of the
country you're worried about the future
of the stock market and finances you
should give our friends at Birch gold
group we'll call their numbers 800 496
66 63 Birch gold group has a lot of
five-star reviews and A+ rating with the
Better Business Bureau and one of their
programs is helping you shift your
eligible 401k into an IRA backed by
physical gold and silver if that's
something that you're interested in
Birch gold group has a big pamphlet a
big 16 page kit explain I've read it
revealing how gold and silver can
protect your savings how there
hedge against inflation and against
stock market crashes and how you can
legally move your IRA or 401k into
precious metals if you see fit you
should get all the information I always
recommend with these kinds of
investments you always get the
information and Birch gold group is a
great place for you to get that
information you can call them at 849 666
63 800 496 66 63 or go to birchgold.com
slash ben and make sure that it's bir ch
gold com slash Ben make sure you add the
slash Ben because that ensures that they
know that we set you and that means that
they continue to to advertise with us
which obviously helps the show continue
on as as we move forward ok folks so
that ends our Facebook live and YouTube
portion of the program but you can go to
daily wire and continue watching it live
that's our new feature is you can get
you don't have to wait 2 hours for it to
be released on on iTunes or SoundCloud
and we have lots to get to today we're
gonna get to Donald Trump and his in his
new policy of maternity leave seriously
this is what he's pushing now we're
going to talk about some of our good
friends like Sean Hannity and Laura
Ingraham so we'll get to them shortly
we'll also be getting to deconstructing
the culture today that's right
it's deconstructing the culture today so
we watch music videos and make fun of
them ok so we'll be doing that plus we
have an epic things I like and things I
hate too lots more coming up go to daily
we're calm subscribe for 8 bucks a month
you can also be part of the mailbag i'm
ben shapiro and join us over at daily
we're calm right now
