over the weekend mediocre 49ers
quarterback Colin Kaepernick sat during
the national anthem why because he says
he won't honor the American flag while
it stands for institutional racism he
said I'm not going to stand up to show
pride in a flag for a country that
oppresses black people and people of
color said the man with a seventy eight
point five quarterback rating in 2015
and an average annual salary of nineteen
million dollars he said quote to me this
is bigger than football and it would be
selfish on my part to look the other way
there are bodies in the street and
people getting paid leave and getting
away with murder
and then he continued I'm not looking
for approval I have to stand up for
people that are oppressed let's leave
aside the obvious hypocrisy of this BS
Kaepernick is one of the most privileged
people in America let's leave aside the
fact Kaepernick was adopted and raised
by a white family let's leave aside the
fact that Kaepernick began styling
himself a civil rights hero right about
the time he started absolutely sucking
at his job and then he was fine for
yelling the n-word another player in
leave aside the lies under guarding his
perspective America happens to be the
best place on earth for people of color
to live including black folks and the
notion that cops are broadly targeting
black men for death is statistically
false let's focus instead on the NFL in
the media the left media have been
paying continuous homage to Kaepernick's
courage which is amazing considering if
you recall how they ripped former NFL
quarterback Tim Tebow up and down for
the crucial sin of praying before games
they say it's a wonderful exercise of
First Amendment freedoms and then anyone
who criticizes Colin Kaepernick doesn't
understand the First Amendment which of
course demonstrates absolute ignorance
of the First Amendment because no one
argues Kaepernick isn't free to say what
he wants we just argued what he's saying
is disgusting and stupid but he'll be
dubbed the civil rights figure just for
saying things while pulling down one of
America's biggest paychecks meanwhile
the NFL itself has stood for st. Louis
Rams running out on the field in the
hands up don't shoot pose remember that
was false
while refusing the Dallas Cowboys
request to pay homage to slain cops the
NFL much like rest of the sports world
has now been hijacked by the left and so
we'll see ESPN cover Kaepernick like a
hero for taking action - means our
veterans in our country and we'll see
the NFL pretend the Kaepernick is taking
a real stand as opposed to the kind of
stand that earns him plaudits from
pundits and quiet Pat's on the head from
the NFL hierarchy perhaps the best
response to Kaepernick's routine
actually
came via a Goldstar mom she wrote quote
mr. Kaepernick I'm sitting in my living
room looking outside of my American flag
flying at half-staff
you see my son's body lay in the street
after an AED blew up the vehicle he was
fighting in his bloodstains the sands of
Afghanistan he died protecting the
ideals of the flag you refused to
respect he died so that ungrateful
privileged arrogant men like you can be
just that ungrateful privileged and
arrogant shame on you for disrespecting
my son and his life and his sacrifice by
the way if one gets a gold star children
go to Freedom Alliance and you can
donate an honor of true heroes rather
than the fall sports heroes the media
and the NFL promote to prominence in
their place I'm Ben Shapiro this is the
Ben Shapiro show so first of all welcome
to our brand new sponsor Birch gold so
you know in times of economic
uncertainty they say this and it's true
you should have some of your money not
all of it obviously you should have some
of your money in precious metals because
with the government inflating the
currency and with uncertainty in the
future of the stock market it's good to
have something that's never going to be
worth zero the the common currency that
has always been the the bedrock for
exchange over the course of human
history right now the place you want to
go to is Birch gold group you can give
them a call at 804-218-4444 and bonds
and into precious metals which if you're
worried about the future of the stock
market is not a bad idea to get that no
cost no obligation can't call Birch gold
right now at 800 492 long calm / Ben
that's 800 for nine six six six six
three or online at birchgold.com / Ben
make sure that you typed it / Ben said
they know that we sent you in that of
course helps us continue to move to show
forward because obviously
helped sponsor the show which means that
all the useless people who otherwise
would be homeless and living off your
taxpayer dollars instead work for me
hitting buttons so okay let's let's
there there's so much to talk about
today we'll begin with the big news of
the day the big news of the day is that
Anthony Weiner is now separate he is now
the victim of separation from Huma
Abedin and the media are treating Huma
as though she's the world's greatest
victim this is because Anthony Weiner he
sent pictures to some 40 year old buxom
brunette who was sending in pictures she
basically it looks like she catfished
him apparently she's some anonymous
trump supporter and she sent this
information to the New York Post and and
so there are pictures that look like
this of Anthony Weiner
we have blurred out his his suit his
Afra mention name and and that next to
him is his kid his four-year-old kid is
sleeping there and Anthony is lonely so
Anthony is tweeting out pictures of his
junk to this four-year-old brunette and
he's very obviously proud of his
physique I don't know why he thinks this
is working for him since he's now tried
this several times in a row and it's
never worked out well but he was texting
his junk to people and so that's what
ends up happening Huma Abedin has and
she immediately released a statement
saying we're done here I'm not with you
anymore
and people are celebrating her oh what a
strong wonderful woman for finally
getting rid of him can't want to make a
couple of points about this number one
all the people who are saying she's a
strong wonderful woman for dumping
Anthony Weiner are the same people who
say that Hillary Clinton is a paragon of
strength for sticking for Bill Clinton
with Bill Clinton right I mean all the
same people and that well it was about
time she threw that dog out okay what
Anthony Weiner did just to point this
out what he actually did is have a funny
name and text his junket people has a
lot less bad than Eliot Spitzer actually
hiring prostitutes
it's a lot less bad than Bill Clinton
actually raping people but they still
worship at the altar of Bill Clinton
he's a laughingstock because of his last
name and because he's like an
incompetent high school boy who thinks
that if he texts pics of his junk at
girls that they're interested note to
dudes no girl in the world is interested
in pictures of your junk okay girls it
turns out or not guys and not interested
in pictures of guys is junk if you think
that's your if that's your number one
go-to mating move you're gonna end up
sad and alone like anthony Weiner's
that's point number one point number two
the media have have decided to make Huma
the victim in all of this okay to
certain extent she's a
she's the victim like Hillard who was a
victim of philandering in 1998 this is
the third time this has happened okay
it's not like she didn't know that
Anthony Weiner has this problem
everybody in the United States knew that
Anthony Weiner had this problem and it's
not like she then built her life to help
out Anthony Weiner to help overcome this
problem she's been on the campaign trail
with Hillary Clinton and working with
Hillary Clinton for the last few years
you know - too much rumored effect so
everybody who's treating her like she's
some sort of paragon of feminism and
victimhood here know this is a business
marriage to begin with I mean let's just
put it this way just final note on this
any wedding officiated by Bill Clinton
is not going to go well their wedding
was legitimately officiated by a guy
who's an alleged rapist okay that's
that's a pretty good indicator that the
marriage is not gonna go well from the
beginning there are some other elements
in the marriage that were kind of
suspicious from the beginning I mean
there's a woman who's a very observant
Muslim apparently and she married a
Jewish guy which is really rare but it's
in that in case it's the only person I'm
really sad for here's the kid I'm not
really that sad for her she knew what
was going on I'm not sad for him because
he's a scuzzbag I'm sad for the kid and
they pop out this four-year-old kid and
now this kid has a divorced family and
that really is sad that's really sad so
that's that's the latest on the Weiner
news yeah what's amazing by the way the
media are treating this as though the
real story here is Donald Trump's
reaction to it Donald Trump said to the
New York Times that this is a security
risk because he could be blackmailed and
Huma is working for Hillary one of the
most powerful women in America and the
media went nuts over this I don't see
why Trump is wrong on that I don't I
really don't see why Trump is wrong I
mean only I guess that now Hillary is
blackmail proof since no one cares that
she leads her own sexual lifestyle
presumably and Bill is stuffing
everything in a 300 mile radius
including tree stumps nobody cares about
that anymore but so she's blackmail
proof but but who is and so I don't see
why Trump's point is that bad you know
there would be possible in some world
that Huma Abedin would be blackmailed
over her husband's peccadilloes yeah
it's possible yeah it's possible we used
to care about this sort of thing in
America not anymore
okay so that's that's all I have to say
on Weiner gate 2016 so we'll just cut
off that Weiner okay next we move on to
next we move on to what I think is
really the big story of the weekend and
really the big story of the last couple
of years and that is the resurgence of
racial animus from the left
a lot about the alt-right last week the
kind of trumpian alt writer the Trump
friendly alright and what they stand for
and this sort of white supremacist
racial consolidation and what I said is
that it's a reaction and it is it's a
reaction it's a reaction to the racial
solidarity of the left and the racism of
the left and the reason that that is so
obvious as well start with Colin
Kaepernick I mentioned him at the top of
the show here's Colin Kaepernick that's
49ers quarterback who really stinks and
he's he's sitting on the bench here and
he's sitting on the bench during the
national anthem everybody else is
standing this of course makes big news
and then Colin Kaepernick explains
himself in typical typical articulate
style I mean ultimately is to bring
awareness and make people know realize
what's really going on in this country
there are a lot of things that are going
on that unjust people aren't being held
accountable for and that's something
that needs to change that's something
that no this country stands for freedom
liberty justice for all and it's not
happening for all right now it's
something that I've seen I felt wasn't
quite sure how to deal with originally
and it is something that's evolved it's
something as I've gained more knowledge
about you know what's going on in this
country in the past what's going on
currently these are new situations this
isn't new ground it's things that have
gone on in this country for years and
years and have never been addressed and
they need to be okay what I hear I want
to hear on the media are treating him
like a hero he's just a he's just a hero
they an unbelievable hero ABC News has a
column today by Ian O'Connor this is
from ESPN and this ESPN as I've said
before many times and as you know folks
I'm always right
ESPN is just MSNBC with footballs and
ESPN is praising him Colin Kaepernick
stood tall while sitting down which is
not an easy thing to do in fact what he
did in benching himself for the national
anthem on Friday night was the hardest
thing he could possibly do the easy
thing that would be standing silently
with his teammates on the San Francisco
49ers sideline cutting against the grain
of his conscience nobody would have
known the difference
but he planted himself among the
Gatorade buckets understanding that in
an age of 24/7 surveillance you'd be
outed soon enough he didn't strike the
kind of dramatic pose made by Tommy John
Tommie Smith and John Carlos at the 1968
Summer Games in Mexico City and that was
okay he made a statement loudly and
clearly and he said I'm not gonna stand
up and show pride in a flag for a
country that oppresses black people and
people of color right black people and
people of color like Colin Kaepernick
who earns on average 19 million dollars
a year for being one of the crappier
quarterbacks in the NFL again that
wouldn't be the end of the issue I mean
there are plenty of people who have made
lots of money there plenty of black
people were making lots of money in 1950
when Jim Crow was still a thing right
Sammy Davis was making a lot of money in
1960 when Jim Crow is still a thing but
right now Jim Crow is not a thing and so
now he's promulgating lies for the lap
dog media and the media are just lapping
it up they love this stuff they love it
and there's somebody I thought who wrote
an interesting column we said you know
if you're booing him he should really be
booing Muhammad Ali cuz Muhammad Ali did
the same kind of stuff if you recall
Muhammad Ali did take boos at the time
and he rightly took boos at the time
because he said some pretty evil and
egregious things I know we've made a
hero out of Muhammad Ali now because he
became kind of this American spokesman
later in his life but early in his life
he was saying some pretty vile things
about the United States and about the
war on the war in Vietnam but at least
back when he was doing it there was
actual serious racial discrimination
happening on a systemic level across the
country that simply is not true who's
bad when he said it even though it's
it's simply not true with Colin
Kaepernick now right these are all this
is all nonsense the idea that that
police are out there just murdering
black people that's all they care about
they're out there killing black people
and targeting black people the criminal
justice system is full of racism you
know all of this is a line we discussed
this about a thousand times on the
program so no need to go through all the
statistics again I have full videos on
this talking about all of these
statistical anomalies that the left
likes to cite and explaining where they
come from but Kaepernick first of all
this is there something cynical to this
Kaepernick is five seconds away from
being cut by the San Francisco 49ers for
sucking at his job so he wanted to make
this headline and that way if you got to
cut you can turn around and say the real
reason they cut me was not because I'm a
really crappy football player the real
reason that they cut me is because I am
such a standard-bearer for black lives
matter okay that's that's you know
that's worth noting but here's the thing
about Kaepernick
Kapernick represents the mainstream left
him not standing up for the national
anthem is actually what the mainstream
left now believes I Isiah Thomas who was
the GM of the New York Knicks one of the
worst GM's in NBA history
he said sort of the same thing over the
weekend he said that white silence is
violence this is his line white silence
is the equivalent to violence in these
issues
first of all silence is not violence if
silence were violence then right now I'd
be punching someone okay but silence is
not violence obviously but again look at
the people surrounding and right Max
Kellerman is the guy who's sitting
directly to Isaiah Thomas has left the
execrable Max Kellerman the worst radio
talk show host in America and and he's
sitting there just nodding along this is
mainstream left thought and athletes get
celebrated for this and they get ripped
if they don't do this right if you sit
there and you say something like I don't
think America's very racist place I
think America is a pretty great place
then you get ripped as a sellout you get
ripped as an Uncle Tom if you gives you
do a Kaepernick Tate you get praised by
the media sports and political both whoa
what a courageous guy what a courageous
guy well funny it's only courageous when
the guy is earning 19 million dollars a
year for throwing the football it's it's
it's amazing again if you have if you
have the same guy making the same amount
of money saying the reverse which is
actually true that America is the least
racist country in the history of the
world and that our cops are not out
shooting black people but are largely
protecting black people that's why the
police in the inner city then presumably
you'd be called a sellout in an Uncle
Tom Michael Eric Dyson who's a racialist
himself and think it teaches at
Georgetown he says that black athletes
should all do a Colin Kaepernick is
doing a police must have enough courage
to speak up you got enough dough
you got enough social currency use your
mouth to stand up for the very people
who made it possible for you to be
coming anyway
the very people who make it possible for
you to become who you are so number one
the people who made it possible for
Colin Kaepernick to become who he is are
his white parents who adopted him and
raised him and the people who made it
possible for him to become who he is
are the people who let him into a
college where he could play ball despite
the fact that he probably didn't have
stellar academic qualifications the
people who made it possible for him to
do what he's doing are a lot of the
people who are going to these
football games and paying a salary who
are largely white fans the people make
it possible for him to be who he is or
all the cops who are defending those
games from terrorist attacks and
criminals and the first person that
Colin Kaepernick is gonna call when
somebody tries to break into his house
of the cops just like every other person
in the United States but again this is
this is now mainstream left thought and
this is the point that I'm building up
to is that this is all part of a of a
broader left and people talk about the
alt-right the alt left is the mainstream
left there is no alt left because
there's no mainstream left anymore it's
been totally hijacked by the black lives
matter racist movement when you can see
it right what Kaepernick says the point
I'm gonna be making is that what
Kaepernick does here is fully in line
with the Democratic national platform I
don't know if you had a chance to watch
any of the video Music Awards last night
but well we'll talk about that in just a
second this is why you need to subscribe
so you can actually see it because the
imagery does matter
daily wired.com to subscribe we've run
out of time on Facebook live as well as
YouTube daily wire.com to become a
subscriber that's eight bucks a month
and you get to see me and my beautiful
face you get to see all the video clips
you get to see beyonce half-clad which
is not every day but it is today because
she did that again and there's also the
if you want to join the mailbag that's
the way to join the mailbag you go to
daily wire.com and subscribe or later if
you just want to listen to the show
iTunes SoundCloud we are the number one
conservative podcast in America by leaps
and bounds and we are so happy
they've made that possible for us
you
