today Hillary Clinton is slated to slam
the Trump campaigns association with the
execrable all right she's released a
brutal ad preparing the groundwork and
we'll show you that out a little bit
later as one of the leading antagonists
of the all right there's some accuracy
to the ad she's right the Trump has
winked at the alt-right particularly in
that awful Jake Tapper interview on CNN
she's also right that the new Trump
campaign CEO Steve Bannon has called
Breitbart a gathering spot for the
alt-right and she's also right that the
alt-right is a movement that prizes
white solidarity over any sort of real
principle but there are some serious
problems with Hillary's ad first it
implies that all of the Trump supporters
are all writers which is a slower it is
untrue and it is a lie second the ad
also implies the alt-right is
conservative which is also untrue just
ask anybody on the alt-right but we do
have to ask what's driving Hillary to
even raise the profile of the alt-right
by attacking in a full speech when she's
supposed to do in a couple hours or so
sure it's typical Democratic politicking
after all Joe Biden once said that Mitt
Romney the mildest man in the world
wanted to put black Americans back in
Chains but it's a weird choice in an
election that Hillary by the polls is
winning handily unless of course it's a
preliminary move toward what the
alt-right likes to call no platforming
Trump Hillary has been studiously
avoiding a press conference for nearly a
year now she won't answer difficult
questions she's still leading by big
margins in the key swing states and
everybody knows the only possible event
that could change that math would be a
series of really bad debates against
Donald Trump what if all of this is a
precursor to her declaring she simply
will not debate anyone associated with
the alt-right that it would be
inappropriate to take seriously a guy
whose campaign CEO has greenlit pieces
praising the outright the media would
probably side with her I mean they
always do after whining about it for a
little bit Trump would fulminate that
Hillary's afraid of him and he'd be
right but it also looked like a sore
loser a guy trailing in desperate he
become Ted Cruz in the last part of the
primary campaign you remember Ted Cruz
in the last part of the primary campaign
he was trailing around Trump saying he
won't debate me because he's afraid and
he looked desperate well that would be
Trump now furiously attempting to pin
down Hillary so that he can fight her
and she'd give him the high hat well
perhaps that's not the agenda at all
maybe this is all just a cynical play by
Hillary to link conservatives with the
alt-right crippling them down the road
but it's not implausible to think we may
be watching the groundwork for an
election gambit that actually could
seriously
finish Donald Trump's chances at the
presidency I'm Ben Shapiro this is the
Ben Shapiro show already so we begin by
thanking a brand-new sponsor we have a
brand new sponsor tracker comm this is
it's actually V tracker comm this is the
coolest thing ever so if there is
conflict in my marriage it largely
Springs from the fact that I'm
constantly losing my wallet my wallet
and my keys my wife is constantly losing
her phone
well now that you're carrying around all
these objects all the time you tend to
lose them that's what the tracker does
the tracker makes losing things a thing
of the past it's a coin size device
really really smells like two quarters
stacked and you attach it to anything
like keys or wallets or bags or
computers and you pair it to your
smartphone you attach it to anything and
you can find the location with just the
tap of a button that's the entire deal
with the tracker and what happens if you
lose your phone well then you press the
button on the tracker you know from your
keys and your phone rings even if the
phone is on silent the phone rings it
overrides the the don't ring feature of
the phone which is amazing it's gonna
save me so much stress in my marriage
seriously they have over 1.5 million
devices they have the largest crowd GPS
Network in the world so even if you left
your device or your wallet a mile away
six miles away it'll still show up you
don't have to lose anything ever again
go to the tracker comm and you use promo
code Ben that helps keep everybody here
in business but tracker code Ben it's
the tracker con you get thirty percent
off your entire order which is really a
fantastic deal again this is a device
that that I've been using and it is a
terrific device and I highly recommend
it it saves a lot of stress in my
marriage and I assume that it will save
more well today we have so much to get
to so much to get to here on the bed in
Shapiro show but we'll begin with my
good friend Adam Carolla so Adam Carolla
stopped by yesterday we had a chance to
talk to him about he's got a new movie
that's coming out it's a documentary
about Paul Newman we talked to him about
that and about some of his other films
and about what it's like to be a
conservative in Hollywood because he
really is in Hollywood now here's the
interview that we did with Adam Carolla
now joining us here on the bench Shapiro
show is one of my favorite human beings
and the funniest person that I've ever
had the pleasure of sitting in a room
with Adam Carolla Adam of course the
host of the world famous Adam Carolla
show the pirate ship is available at
Adam Carolla com Adam thanks much for
joining the show thank you yes
they have you on mainly because number
one because it's always a pleasure to
have you but second of all because we're
now working in a political system where
it seems like the Republicans and
Democrats are both completely out of
touch with people and you're totally
you're as a political a political person
as I know and I sort of wanted to ask
you about how that's been received
obviously you are mostly seen as a guy
in comedy but how's your audience
received the fact that you're obviously
more on sort of the conservative side of
the aisle when it comes to personal
responsibility well it's weird because
I've been preaching personal
responsibility since I began Loveline in
1996 when you were as I goat so I I'm an
atheist who comes from the real world
and I even blue collar sort of beneath
blue collar and I just went to work you
know I wasn't educated and I didn't
receive anything from the government of
my parents or anyone else I just
realized that they go to work and like
hey don't have kids when you don't have
insurance for your pickup truck it
probably would be a bad idea to have
kids and then eventually I got the love
line and I just sort of said hey you
can't afford kids don't have kids
because the government's not going to do
a very good job of taking care of those
kids and you will have no business
having kids I'd say anyone who's using
how they don't have kids nobody said a
word about it like it wasn't considered
a political notion it was a thing that's
insane is that all this stuff is the
complete aside this country's existence
you have kids you'd be responsible for
those kids you then pay for those kids
whether it's clothing meals schooling
education whatever
that was somewhere between no done no
ass now it's turned into some sort of
political notion which is insane to me
and now because I'm basically a guy who
says if you want to smoke pot smoke
Prime it's not I'm not going to tell you
whether to do that or not and if you
want to go to the beach and start a
bonfire roast marshmallows go ahead and
do that take out a flaming stick and
throw it in another guy's camper I've
got a problem with you but just go do
your own thing I've always just preached
don't hurt anybody
one thing I wanted to ask you at him cuz
you're friends with a lot of people who
are still in mainstream Hollywood
obviously a lot of friends who are on
late-night TV Kimmel comes to mind and a
lot of the people you hang out with in
our friends with are definitely on the
left side of the aisle I mean there
folks who definitely they raise money
for Democrats they like the Democratic
Party but they obviously have the same
values you do when it comes to their own
personal lives they actually believe in
personal responsibility and hard work
and I've heard you talking about Kimmel
and saying that he's one of the
hardest-working people you know why do
you think there's there is that
disconnect inside Hollywood with regard
to people who basically live the
lifestyle that you're talking about the
live-and-let-live but work work hard and
be responsible for your own stuff
lifestyle but then go back a bunch of
policies that seem to disagree with that
some hypocrisy obviously I don't know
that it's an intentional hypocrisy with
a lot of people that I know that I'm
friends with that are very squarely
Democratic I think a lot of it is the
Democrats have done a wonderful campaign
I mean what I'm saying is this
my wife will buy Pantene shampoo and
I'll go that's $12 I've seen all the
reports the stuff for a buck ninety-nine
is exactly the same and she'll go this
stuff is best for my
and I go why and she'll go it's got Pro
nutria 5 I know they made that up it's
like they made up awesome it doesn't
exist
she'll go I know this is the best and
you can't talk me out of it and I'm
buying another thing for $14 no go
listen I've seen every scientific study
the $1.99 stuff is exactly as good as
the Pantene that just cost five times as
much as you go I know what I know so the
Democrats have done a pretty wonderful
campaign of convincing everybody that
conservatives were bad people who wanted
to you know who hated minority who hated
children who wanted to see them go to
bed hungry who didn't care if they were
fed or shelter who hated veteran who
hated the elderly who hated anyone
having access to birth control or
medicine and the government and and one
could argue like one of the best Madison
Avenue style pieces of advertising in
terms of campaign and the folks in
Hollywood
want to be on the happy side of the ad
campaign and I get it and also they have
to co-mingle
I mean you have to have these people at
your party on your show in your corner I
mean nobody wants to be ostracized or
blackballed
I mean I I've come up with three movies
one of them was called Sports
Illustrated best sports comedy of the
year and it's at 89 percent on Rotten
Tomatoes certified fresh' 80% 81% with
top critic I have a documentary about
Paul Newman it's 100 percent on Rotten
Tomatoes and 94 with the people I have
another comedy called road heart it's 75
78 percent with the people on line
tomato none of them have been accepted
in the sunday none of them now it would
behoove me as a filmmaker to show
my mouth and yet my documentary that's a
hundred percent on Rotten Tomatoes on
into Sundance with by the way Robert
Redford is in this documentary Sundance
is named after his character for the
human Paul Newman played Butch and
Sundance have a legendary friendship not
accepted in the Sun death so higher
rated than any of the oscar-nominated
documentaries of the year it came out
two years ago not accepted the Sundance
so decision to be made here and I'm not
making the right one but there was a
business decision to be made and it
comes down to business in a lot of
Hollywood yeah I mean I was noticing
that I was looking at the the Rotten
Tomatoes rankings and all your films and
it seems like you know for example rode
hard gets worse reviews than
Ghostbusters female Ghostbusters which
may be one of the worst films ever made
and that's got to have something to do
with the fact that the critics know who
you are as opposed to the critics
knowing what Ghostbusters is about
because just on an objective level any
objective level there is no way the road
heart is a worst movie than female
Ghostbusters rating the critics you'll
see there's a nice chasm in there the
thing that's kind of interesting is my
first movie I did the hammer I did 10
years ago and the critics weren't really
on to me and my crazy notions about
people feeding their own kids breakfast
this heresy that I speak of so my first
movie which is another just nice
romantic comedy they were not really on
to me so you can see that there's not
much of a gap between the people and the
critic now you fast forward 10 years to
the next movie and you'll see a larger
gap social circles in your social
circles Angie do you feel like it's
obviously still working a lot of these
social circles do you feel like you've
been ostracized
by people and they look at you
differently than they did ten years ago
or do they sort of just say well Adam
was always the Adam he was always that
kind of clastic and and you know that's
just Adam being Adam know me know who I
am and who I've always been and it's
never been a mystery to them it's again
it's the kind of thing where I have
spoken to people like Tom Arnold who saw
this Newman documentary was in sense
that it wasn't at Sundance and I told
him to look into it a little and he
basically said you're on kind of a list
and that list is kind of a no-fly list
when it comes to this sort of stuff I
mean again you can always go well it's
subjective but if you look at a movie
and it's a hundred percent with the top
critics 90 percent with the regular
critics and 95 percent with the people
and the subject is about the best friend
of the guy who started Sundance and you
don't get accepted into Sundance one
thinks well maybe there's some powers at
play for me the first movie I did the
hammer the guy land Sundance
simply stated I don't like Adam Carolla
and so that we're not letting him in so
yes there is there is an element of
there's a price to pay for having the
opinions that I share on a regular basis
right there stood Adam Adams written a
bunch of books when one of his but one
of his books is president me so he
started to forge into the the political
direction a little bit more openly than
he used to and and I want to ask you
your political advice from sort of a
cultural side Adam because obviously I
do political analysis for a living but
you're a cultural critic much more than
I am because you live in that everyday
and so I wanted and wanted to ask you
you know you mentioned the Republican
branding and how the Republican branding
stocks and how they've done a really
poor job and the Democrats have done a
much better job you're you're an atheist
libertarian essential
do you think that the Republican Party
would do better if they if they got off
the the sort of religious aspect and
started moving not yeah not telling the
religious base to sit down and shut up
but more just saying look just get the
government out of everything one of the
things that struck me about this
election cycle is we basically have a
Democrat running as Democrat and Hillary
a Democrat running as a Republican and
Trump a Democrat running as a
libertarian and Gary Johnson and a
Democrat running as a Green Party member
in Jill Stein like at some point do you
think that there's there's the future
for a kind of conservative slash
libertarian movement here as obvious you
have a big crowd of people who you know
agree with your basic premise which is
as long as you're not hurting anybody
else leave me alone no I you know I I
think the problem is the Democrats have
figured out as long as we say really
nice things about this community in that
community then we'll get their boats and
we won't do anything for those
communities and the reason we won't do
anything for those communities is
because they can't do anything for those
communities there's nothing you can do
if the family is going to be fractured
that people aren't going to focus on
education there's really nothing you can
do there's no programs to fix if it's
broken you know I always look at it is
is this because I was a former
contractor here's what I believe the
Democrats say they're going to do if
your basement is leaky and it's taken on
water every time it rains the only way
to really fix that basement properly is
to excavate all the way around the
outside of it
and waterproof it from the outside to
patch it from the inside out it doesn't
work it works a little bit it works
temporarily but it doesn't fix the
problem and saying you know more lunch
programs more computers for low-income
more late-night libraries are going to
stay up stay open later
or after-school program it's all very
good but it's still patching from the
inside you really want to catch stop the
basement from leaking you got to go
outside and the outside is a family unit
you have to fix the family unit that
stops the water from coming in only done
from the outside everything else is
temporary in a patch and doesn't really
work everything the Democrats have been
espousing for the last 50 years have
just been inside patching what the
Republicans talk about is maybe we
should talk about our inside patch job
and try to win it over more of these
people who have three foot of water in
their basement but that's still more
patching from the inside somebody I
don't know on what side the Democrats
shouldn't do it because I've already got
it locked down but some libertarian or
somebody ought to just go look you want
to fix the problem we've got to excavate
the outside of the house and we got a
and people go I don't want to hear that
that's a lot of money that's a lot of
work that's a lot of work I don't want
to do that you gotta go you wanna pick
tsubame don't you wanna pick bomb yep
Adam Carolla that not only the funniest
guy in in America but also one of the
most profound thinkers which is amazing
because that's not what what Adam thinks
himself think but but that is that is
what he is nonetheless because sometimes
simple truth is not so simple in today's
political environment the Adam Carolla
show you can check it out at Adam
Carolla dot-com and of course his
podcast is one of the most successful
podcasts in American history so check
out the Adam Carolla podcast Adam thanks
so much appreciate it all righty so
unfortunately that means that it's time
to cut off the face book live we don't
even get to all the content about today
but you have to go to daily wired.com to
subscribe now if you're watching
Facebook live for YouTube become part of
the mailbag eight bucks a month means
that you can join the mailbag and also
you can watch the rest of the show with
this beautiful poem and you can really
really enjoy yourself that way but if
you just want to listen to it later you
go to iTunes or SoundCloud and download
it we are the largest conservative
podcast in America and we're so happy
can join us again check us out at daily
wire com
