in Milwaukee a black police officer shot
a black man who attempted to flee from
him while carrying a stolen gun and then
turned on the officer riots have ensued
meanwhile in Baltimore the Department of
Justice has declared the city's police
department which is majority-minority
with a heavy concentration of black
officers racist all of which raises a
question the hell are police departments
supposed to do the left has created a
catch-22 for itself while rioters
declare their intention to target white
Milwaukee residents and scream about
black power while burning down a gas
station the media maintained there's no
racism here it's just a response to
generalise police racism but black
people are incapable of racism what you
have to say about black police officers
who they then say are actually racist
there are two possible reasons why the
left can claim the black police officers
are capable of racism but black
protesters and black riders aren't first
leftist can claim the black police
officers aren't really black they like
black Republicans have been corrupted by
the racist system german lopez of voxcom
he wrote bad he wrote this back in April
he said quote racial bias isn't
necessarily about how a person views
himself in terms of race but how he
views others in terms of race
particularly in different roles
throughout his everyday life and
systemic racism which has been part of
the US since its founding can corrupt
anyone's view of minorities in America
policing tactics can also create and
accentuate personal subconscious bias by
increasing the likelihood officers will
relate blackness with criminality or
danger leading to what psychologists
call implicit bias against black
Americans combined says Lopez this means
the system as a whole as well as
individual officers even black officers
by and large
act in ways that are deeply racially
skewed and potentially racist penny
convenient logic Police Department's
make black officers racist against
Blacks but what Sheriff David Clarke
terms the ghetto mentality doesn't
generate black racism against white
reverse racism Lopez says is impossible
then there's the second possibility
black police officers aren't turned into
racist by police departments police
departments are actually just the
enforcement mechanisms for a racist
society that's the perspective of former
Obama green jobs are Van Jones he once
told me in a CNN greenroom that black
Americans jumped to conclusions about
cops because quote you're Jewish right
wouldn't you jump to conclusions if you
heard that the Nazis or Hamas that
killed a Jew really he said this
in this view American society is
irredeemably racist those who wear
police uniforms are just brown shirts
out enforcing that racism all of this is
super dangerous it would explain also by
the way why looters and rioters attacked
shops owned by black Americans those
shops are just tools of the evil racist
capitalist system holding down blacks if
the entire system is corrupt any
instrument of the system must burn from
cops to gas stations one thing is
certain the conflict between cops and
black riders it won't be calmed by
additional police training it certainly
won't be calm by politicians continuing
to push the myth that police are
racially targeting black men for no
reason the only way such conflicts will
be calmed is ironically the only way the
left will never tolerate stronger more
prominent law enforcement and
cooperation with local communities and
the left will never allow that
and so the racial conflicts will
continue black Americans of course will
be the ones who pay the price I'm Ben
Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show all
right so we have a brand new advertiser
want to talk to you about frame bridge
okay this is a fantastic company you
know I am a person who spends a lot of
money on frames for photos and posters I
have lots of memorabilia in my home lots
of signed memorabilia and it's always
baffled me why frames are so expensive
and it's so inconvenient to get them you
go somewhere and you the frame will cost
you $400 you know you'll have a poster
that cost you 50 bucks and it cost you
three four hundred dollars to frame it
well there's a new company out there
called frame bridge and frame bridge is
just terrific I mean you go to frame
bridge calm what you do is you pick out
the frame that you want or you let their
designers help you choose the frame you
can prove you your preview your item and
any frame style they send you a prepaid
package and you can actually ship your
picture to them and you can order you
can upload a picture to frame bridge app
and they'll just print it out on there
and and put it in the frame
they guarantee that your your stuff
won't be damaged the expert team they
custom frame your item in days doesn't
take weeks or months its days and then
they deliver your finished piece
directly to your door and it's ready to
hang they offer what they call their
happiness guarantee and their team gives
each item personal care and attention
and if you don't like what happens then
you obviously you can sound off instead
of all the hundreds that you paid a
framing store their prices start at 39
bucks all shipping is free right now if
you go to frame bridge calm and you use
promo code Ben you'll save an additional
15% off your first order that's frame
bridge
promo code been frame bridge comp ramona
been use that use the promo code ban
because that lets them know that we sent
you and then they're more likely to
continue advertising which makes it
possible for us to put this show on the
air and keeping competent boobs like
Mathis and Austin employed so if you
really want those people to have jobs
and not be living off your tax dollar
then you need to go to frame bridge com
promo code ban plus it's a great product
I've used it myself and I can vouch for
the quality it really is great you your
Instagram cost thirty nine bucks to
frame small photo fifty-nine bucks movie
poster one hundred and thirty nine bucks
all of this is really really affordable
and they're experts in the field okay so
we have a lot to get to today here on
the bench Shapiro show in just a second
we're gonna bring on Steven X Crowder
Steven Xavier Crowder we bringing him on
momentarily you may know him from louder
for crowd a louder with Crowder
that's his website he has all these
videos that are hysterically funny he's
a comedian but he's actually more than
that he's very good political
commentator and and so he'll be joining
us momentarily we're also gonna be
talking about Trump's big foreign policy
speech and in a special episode we're
gonna bring it back we're gonna start
doing deconstructing the culture again
which is where we take a piece of top 40
music and we analyze it for all of its
variances vicissitudes and volubility so
we will do all of that coming up but
we're joined right now by Stephan Xavier
Crowder Stephan you there I am here I'm
sorry I look like a bum post Jim I was
doing a callback to when I first had you
on my show and this is prime time prop
again and I just come back from the gym
and I got so many comments about it I
figured what's going on aside could tell
the difference but unfortunately I am
incapable of doing so so there was a
layup I knew it going in okay so Steven
you got a new you have a new video
that's coming out in a couple of days I
just want you to preview that a little
bit what this is kind of a different
style of video for you what is it yeah
so we created the Citizens Coalition for
common sense gun reform CCC GSR for
shorts and we actually had to get
permission from the mayor we had to hire
local police force we had to get all
kinds of permits to it to set up a tent
with over a dozen firearms actual
firearms unloaded on a table and created
these these petitions for people to
lobby the government for sensible
common-sense gun control laws and the
goal is not like in a lot of these
gotcha videos were just they're so
stupid but how gravely concerning it is
that people know nothing about firearms
and you and I know this is firearm
owners but are so quickly willing to
give the reins over to government to
control things about which they have no
idea so so this is an it's going to be a
longer video probably 15-20 minutes
because we wanted to jam-pack in there
for the viewer all the things they may
not know like what a semi-automatic is
what an assault weapon is what a clip is
versus you know the actual term a
magazine so little pop-ups kind of like
vh1 those shows they do so people can
can get everything they need to know
about the current current gun debate
because you know as we go into a very
likely Hillary Clinton presidency in
Supreme Court the language really
matters yeah it absolutely doesn't and
I'm glad that you're doing that actually
has Stevens videos that I like the best
folks are the ones where they're heavily
informational his Detroit video if
you've never seen his video where he
goes to Detroit and just walks around
the city and it looks like the zombie
apocalypse it's an amazing video and so
if you if you if you want to take a look
at his video that will be out in a
couple of days and obviously it's funny
about that video I don't know if you
ever saw the follow-up video where my
producer not gay Jared and I drove
through Detroit I don't know if you ever
saw that as viewed because well because
it's long and unedited but what happened
was the first video went up and you know
been they go well it's a selectively
edited well anything you've ever watched
ever selectively edited if they uploaded
a video they selected a start of end
point that's an edit that's a selection
so you know the context of that
selection matters they said that about
Detroit is you're not showing the good
areas so we followed up a lot of people
didn't watch this video where my
producer and I went into Detroit
downtown okay we said Renaissance Center
Tiger Stadium these are the big
landmarks and we drove out in three
directions unedited GoPros surrounding
the car we had a time clock and Google
Maps to show you exactly how far we went
and we set the clock it didn't take more
than a quarter mile or two minutes to
get to certain death once you drove out
of the hipster tourist destination and
you feel like people going well it's not
really fair because Detroit sucks well
my point exactly well I mean speaking of
Detroit sucks I mean another City
apparently that sucks is Milwaukee
you've got the entire left basically
ignoring what's going on in Milwaukee
this week even though Milwaukee has
turned into a garbage heap hasn't had a
republic
mayor since 1908 you know what what do
you make of the media's absolute
willingness to ignore what's going on in
Milwaukee right now I mean it would be
front-page news if white mobs were
chasing black people down in the streets
in any city in America obviously they'll
be front-page news on every newspaper in
America you literally have black mobs
shout and get the white guy and nothing
well does it does happen with white mobs
yelling angrily at black people it's
called the Packers game tweeted this by
the way that we're up I I completely
forgot listen I was in Milwaukee for a
wedding about oh gosh what was a knock
adhered three weeks ago something like
that three four weeks ago yeah something
that maybe about three four weeks ago
and I remember you know it was exactly
during the Dallas shooting because I was
sitting in a Milwaukee hotel bar going
oh my god I can't believe it some people
saying man if that happened in Milwaukee
is just this is a hair-trigger here
right now because it's Milwaukee right
one of those Midwestern towns heavily
black yeah it's amazing and what's even
funnier is that why yeah it is funny
I'll say it's funny that jerd that they
don't want to send their journalists in
now they're pulling them out because
they're getting attacked what would you
expect here's what's going to happen
right they're pulling them out because
they're getting attacked black people
there the black lives matter I don't
represent all black people but we're
talking about lives matter in this
context here saying well they're not
they're not telling our story they're
they always tell the same thing white
people and then what's going to happen
is all the journalists are going to
leave and it'll be like that criminal
and Cobra you know Pig bring the cameras
in here because they wants to die in the
spotlight and they'll be mad that no
one's covering them on those states
because we're black and no one's telling
our story they came there to tell your
story you shoved them okay you mugged
them to ask you about because you're in
the world of comedy
Stephen those stands up he actually does
tours that people pay him for to do
comedy unlike most of the conservative
comedians who are basically just people
who once told a joke that wasn't very
funny and people laughed because they
want to pressure them about that okay
can you hold that question I can over
the question yeah go for it
I showed up one time on one of these
functions and there was this guy who had
showed up like to two of my events to
open for me which I thought was weird
but you know sometimes when you're with
some kind of organization they sort of
pass people around
of course I was being paid and traveled
out there and I found out he was paying
his own way
and he had three jokes and it was just
this I don't want to say the joke
because he'll know I'm talking about him
was an awful Hillary Clinton joke that
basically was about the fact that she
was fat and was the callback was to Sir
mix-a-lot and when I finally started I
was like why is this guy opening for me
this is like comedy death and then
they're like well he's great he pays his
way and I was like oh okay that makes
sense so it is frustrating I'm actually
I'm actually put all of it on the back
burner until probably next year because
we're building a new studio and and set
but yes my background is comedy sorry go
ahead with your question is they just
got rid of that fellow whose name I've
already forgotten on Comedy Central
Larry Wilmore Larry Wilmore yeah they
just got rid of Larry Wilmore who's
legitimately comedy Ebola I mean he just
every every time he approaches comedy he
infects it and the comedy just starts
crapping out its bowels and bleeding
from every orifice and they got rid of
him Comedy Central or five it's not
spelled fus do de no don't correct the
Harvard grad stop it so okay so in any
case he his first his first claim is
that even though he sliced the ratings
for Comedy Central literally in half
since he took over that show this was
just a way for Comedy Central to to
unblock in itself what do you make of
the future of comedy because I don't
have a lot of hope here it's becoming so
politicized that there's nothing that's
funny anymore I don't even know if I
would use the word future also something
I love for people listening right now
are watching ben shapiro he takes a
point that someone would take which
would be less intelligent because they
would say he's literally comedy Ebola
and bender's needs to change the word
and say legitimately comedy Ebola and it
works and it's no longer inaccurate so
please technical I didn't know he was
doing the whole black thing I don't
listen they have him they have Trevor
Noah and then you have you know you have
a TBS you have Samantha B here's the
deal I've always said that Jon Stewart
was funny I think Stephen Colbert can be
funding I think Conan O'Brien is one of
the best comedic writers in in decades I
think he's absolutely hysterical I
really do and I know he's far left I
think Samantha B is so it's a I don't
use the word offensive she is
offensively unfunny she is a
recive li unfunny Larry Wilmore was kind
of inconsequential so I don't even think
about him enough to have an opinion on
him that's probably why he was fired
here's the deal with comedy you know
tell about this with Andrew Clavin um a
lot of time you see this with reporters
even if you watch cable news right to go
on and well Hillary Clinton wants open
borders Donald Trump wants a wall which
do you prefer they're just sort of
taking people who are smart enough I
know this sounds conspiratorial it's
smart enough good enough but they can
control you know this and I know this
right we work in the media they want
people who play ball I'm not saying
there's some puppet master pulling the
strings but they do pick people who they
know are going to be easier to work with
and with comedy if you're a great
comedian you know if you're like a Nick
DiPaolo or a bill bird Joe Rogan in 2016
you go off and you do your own thing you
make more from doing a podcast you get
to directly interact with your audience
you don't need to kowtow to network
executives and the people who are still
right now it wasn't the case when Jon
Stewart was there it wasn't the case
when Bill Maher was there but now the
people who tend to be put in those
positions aren't necessarily the best
comedians they are the ones rolling the
play ball case in point look at SNL you
could fill those slots with people from
YouTube or from the podcast world nope
there's a lot of hacks you and I but
there's so much trash on the Internet
but but you and I could probably I mean
I certainly know I could go through and
go okay here are 10 people who would be
better to fill those spots on SNL but
they probably wouldn't want to do it
well the website is louder with crowd or
Stephen brings out fantastic material
every single week he has his podcast and
his podcast is the second best podcast
in the conservative sphere and it's a
very highly viewed it's well I think
Leyva knows what I think of them and
come on so so so that's it so check out
Chava check out louder with Crowder a
great site and Stephens a real
entrepreneur it's been doing this all
himself basically on shoe gum and his
talent and there's not a lot to work
with there so obviously check out louder
with Crowder doc that's place gonna be
the Steven thanks so much for stopping
by thank you sir appreciate it
alrighty so onto the political sphere
for just a moment before we have to cut
off the Facebook live so I want to give
you something that makes up for the fact
Angeles in a crowded for 10 minutes so
here's the so we'll start with with
actual comedy we'll start with Joe Biden
so it must be beautiful to be a Democrat
it must just be wonderful to be
Krabbe because you can get away with
pretty much anything in the world and
Joe Biden is proof of this so Joe Biden
is Vice President of the United States
and unfortunately everybody knows that
Joe Biden is dum-dum everybody knows Joe
Biden's moron and so Joe Biden is able
to get away with anything because no
matter what he says no matter how stupid
people just go oh that's Joe that's Joe
you know that's just Joe being Joe okay
yesterday Joe Biden is campaigning with
Hillary Clinton and Joe Biden
campaigning with Hillary Clinton decides
that it is worthwhile to attack Donald
Trump for not being safe with our
nuclear security and here's what he does
someone who likes this judgment cannot
be trusted there's a guy that follows me
right back here has the nuclear codes so
god forbid everything happened the
president I had to make a decision the
codes are with me all he is not
qualified to know the code he can't be
trusted
see if you can spot the problem here so
Joe Biden says Donald Trump can't be
trusted with the nuclear codes also
right there is the guy with the nuclear
football that guy so if you're gonna
attack somebody and take the nuclear
he's right there you see him he's got
the blue eyes the black hair wait
you're not supposed to do that you're
not supposed to identify the guy with
the nuclear football you idiot but Joe
Biden does this all the time back in
2011 if you recall Joe Biden went out
there and did an event with media where
he specifically named the Navy SEALs as
the people behind the killing of bin
Laden Navy SEALs immediately began
pulling down their facebook profiles
because they figured now they'd be
targeted and sure enough a couple of
weeks later there was a there was a
helicopter that was filled with 30
members of the US military that was shot
down in Afghanistan 25 of them were Navy
SEALs and members of the SEAL families
were saying well partially this is Joe
Biden's fault but me just oh well he's
stupid so he gets away with it this is
the beauty of being a Democrat no matter
what if you're a Democrat you get away
with it another example Joe Biden's same
speech Joe Biden says about Trump
something that's utterly ridiculous I
mean utterly unthinkably ridiculous look
folks
these are not isolated examples
he's even showered praise on saddam
hussein one of the vilest dictators of
the 20th century
a man who repeatedly back terror attacks
against israel because he was supposedly
the reason he admires him he was a
killer of terrorists that's why he likes
saddam hey little love stalin here in a
love style okay you would have loved
stalin he would have loved stalin couple
of things here one stalin okay the idea
that the trump would have love stalin
i'd like to see the evidence of that
yeah he likes putin he's said about
Saddam Hussein that Saddam Hussein
killed terrorists which is not true but
I'm pretty sure that's different than
Stalin who legitimately murdered tens of
millions of his own people
and put like twenty to thirty people to
twenty to thirty million people in
gulags killed six million Ukrainians
through starvation policies and the idea
that that trump would have been their
cheerleading style and is ridiculous
what's even more to kill us and this is
actually kind of telling what's even
more to kill us is that it's Joe Biden
saying that Trump would have liked
Stalin let's go back in history for a
second there was only one side of the
political aisle that actually liked
Joseph Stalin back in the 1930s there's
only one side of the political aisle
that thought that Joseph Stalin was a
great leader back in the 1930s that was
the political left that was the
political left the political left
thought Stalin was fantastic they
thought Stalin was just great there was
a journalist for the New York Times who
won the Pulitzer Prize to rip Walter
Durante for talking about ha Stalin was
just the greatest leader ever he'd seen
he went to the Soviet Union they hit him
for they hit all of the starvation from
him he said I've seen the future and it
works meanwhile Stalin was out there
purging everybody who disagreed with him
bringing them out there and just
literally shooting them or shipping them
off to gulags they had a room in the in
the Russian security center called the
Lubyanka where the floor was actually
slanted downward he was slanted downward
in the back so when people were shot the
blood would run to the back of the room
and they could clean the floor that's
how many people were being shot people
routinely being brought in and murdered
in the Soviet Union and the American
Left was playing nice with the Soviet
Union the American Left was playing ball
with the Soviet Union the American left
was saying Stalin was a new kind of
leader communism was a new kind of
ideology communism was something those
actually quite wonderful and warm you
know so if we're going to talk about the
the idea that Stalin would would be like
any side of the political aisle it would
have been the left I mean what still
goes soft on communism I mean was Barack
Obama who just a few months ago decided
it was imperative that we cowl to Fidel
Castro in Cuba Fidel Castro kills
dissidents Fidel Castro imprisons
dissidents but again this is what
happens and it's really amazing how the
left is capable of rewriting history yes
a little bit with the help of the right
so the left what they'll do is they'll
embrace literally the worst things in
the world the worst things imaginable
and then after those things are
discredited
they blame it on the right so though
they listen the left embraced Hitler
they thought that Hitler at the very
beginning was a new kind of leader who's
a fascist new kind of leader energetic
big government they really like Taylor
Reed Jonah Goldberg's liberal fascism
for more on this topic because it's true
and then as soon as Hitler turned out to
be a genocide all maniac then all of a
sudden Hitler was a right winger and who
said that Hitler was a right winger many
of the people who said it were communist
members of the Frankfurt School they
decided to rewrite Hitler so he wasn't a
National Socialist anymore
now he was a national conservative he's
some sort of conservative figure was
Hitler they did the same thing with
Stalin right Stalin was an actual
communist who's backed by large segments
of the American left and now it's Donald
Trump who would elect Stalin it's Donald
Trump with a lifestyle not Obama not
Hillary Hillary who got her training
from Saul Alinsky who is actually a
communist right not not any of the
people on the left suddenly it's not
it's the fault of the people on the
right we're watching it happen in real
time too with regard to Donald Trump's
and Donald Trump he's spending this
entire campaign kind of playing halfsies
so he spends half his time saying things
like the Iraq war was terrible when we
murder people for no reason
and then he swivels and he says
something that's quasi right-wing what
the left is gonna do is they're gonna
say Donald Trump was the standard bearer
for the right when he was saying all
these bad things and and this is what
the left does the left takes everything
that it wants back slavery segregation
communism they take all of these things
they want fact and they blame them on
the country at large or on Republicans
specifically and it's a lie and it's not
true and that's what you'll Biden does
everybody gets away with it
and is he gonna be asked that question
and what would happen if Donald Trump
had gotten up there and said you know
Hillary Clinton should have supported
Stalin she would have he would just
would have paid her and she would've
supported Stalin media would have lost
their mind lost their mind but you can
say anything you want about a Republican
and get away with it because it's nice
to be a Democrat it's really nice to be
a Democrat
okay unfortunate that's the end of the
Facebook live even gave you some extra
time but if you're watching on Facebook
or YouTube because we're posting these
things on YouTube now then you're gonna
want to go to daily wired.com become a
subscriber so that you can view the rest
of the show and the visuals are always
great I'm amazingly handsome obviously
and you want to see more minutes of that
I mean you never know what I'm just
gonna pop off the shirt and start
flexing
it's a promise that's been made but may
never be kept but you never know when I
will keep the promise you just don't
know daily wire.com is where he got to
eight dollars a month and come on I mean
ain't that much money for the price of
eight dollars a month I mean seriously
how much pot can buy with eight dollars
not that much so just go to daily wire
calm and and subscribe also that means
that you can submit to the mailbag and
we have tons more coming up including a
new episode of deconstructing the
culture so stick around
