Milwaukee is on fire and it's on fire
because black rioters decided that a
black officer shooting an armed black
man is stolen a gun who apparently
attempted to turn on police required
burning of cars and looting of stores
and hurling of rocks at the cops and
attacking random white passers-by our
first black president the great godlike
figure sent from on high to unify the
country on all issues racial has gone
golfing the sheriff of Milwaukee a black
man has now stated that Americans ought
to focus less on reforming the police
and more on fixing the ghetto and the
media blame him for the problem
Milwaukee hasn't seen a Republican mayor
since April 1960 but the media and
Democrats will find a way to blame Trump
white Americans and capitalism after all
they've been doing that for decades the
left has been preparing for this sort of
activity virtually begging for it since
the racial conflagrations of the 60s and
70s leftists like former DC mayor mayor
Marion Barry they used to use riots and
looting
as a pressure tactic to force local
government to cave to the left agenda
now major American cities have been
turned into wastelands so the left has
an excuse to impose its big government
high tax agenda and blame white
Americans in the process left its
philosophy it's been passed along in the
mother's milk of Milwaukee's residents
no wonder one rider explained the
motivations behind the looting like this
quote the rich people got all this money
and they not like you know trying to
give us none this is the complete
victory of the Marxist substitution of
racial warfare for class warfare in the
60s Marxists realized that their
strategy of dividing Americans between
rich and poor wouldn't succeed because
everybody was kind of getting rich
instead they shifted their focus to
racial conflict they told minorities
they could never succeed in America
thanks to the capitalist system that
would naturally oppress them the outcome
people rioted in the streets on the
basis of race while believing that they
were rioting on the basis of class
things are about to get worse not better
too thanks to the media and the
Democrats the riots are gonna continue
police will continue to pull out of
dangerous areas fearing that their lives
will be ruined if they shoot a bad guy
with a gun the black officer in this
case has had to go into hiding thanks to
the situation the murder rate of course
will increase in 2015 Milwaukee
experienced the most murders it had
since 1993 there's a 70 percent spike
over 2014 people will feel victimized
and they'll blame all the people leftist
tell them to blame
rather than working with police to tamp
down the crime rate and make communities
livable it's all a tragedy and it has to
stop
and I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben
Shapiro show so first off I want to
thank our newest advertiser Boland
branch Boland branch is a sheet company
they make sheets and then it's
spectacular I gotta say I don't know
much about sheets like I'm the guy who
would drive past the gas station who
would say thousand thread count sheets
$10 and I think oh my god that's a lot
of threads in one sheet that sounds
great and then I'd sleep on it and turns
out that it's actually a cap lastic tarp
if you actually don't know anything
about sheets or how they work then you
need to go to bolin branch comm and the
reason that you need to go to Bowland
branch Commons bol and branch comm is
because not only are their sheets
fantastic it's all made from pure 100%
organic cotton I've tried their shoes
you put on the bed last night
Wow Wow it's a whole different level and
they don't have middlemen so you can buy
directly from them so you're paying
basically wholesale prices really nice
sheets like really nice sheets they can
cost like $1,000 bolin branch we're
talking a couple of hundred bucks which
sounds expensive for a sheet but it
really isn't when you consider that
you're sleeping on one every single
night and it makes a huge difference I
got the best night's sleep last night
I've had in months because of bolon
branch sheets they really are terrific
three US presidents and a bunch of
celebrities sleep on Poland branch
sheets including Bill Clinton's one of
those presidents that means presidents
and celebrities sleep on that one set of
sheets if you're Bill Clinton the
shipping is free you can try out their
sheets for 30 nights and if you don't
like them you send them back for a
refund too so you can try them out and
see if you like but you're not gonna
want to send them back they're really
really good and right now if you go to
bowl at Burton Bowl and branch comm use
the promo code Ben so they know it's me
sending you you get a 20% discount off
your entire order which is a lot of
money I mean when you talk about $200
set of sheets it's 20 bucks right off
the top it's Bowl and branch comm promo
code Ben and they come beautifully
packaged of these really pretty boxes
that my daughter is playing with right
now it's bull and branch comm promo code
Ben check it out it's fantastic vol L
and branch comm okay so lots to get to
today we begin but the situation in
Milwaukee so another week another riot
so this time there's riot over a black
guy getting shot by a black cop so this
just proves to you that it's not the
racist white evil cops who are after the
black people it's her
that the black evil cops are after black
people to basically stick on that
uniform and you may as well be putting
on a white sheet down a Bolan brown
sheep like a white sheet with the hood
so in any case the Milwaukee Police
they're already announcing the shooting
was justified they have clear video
evidence the guy had a gun on him he
apparently turned on the cop and the cop
shot him here's the Milwaukee Police
explaining just that right now police
and city officials are discussing the
body camera video that the police
officer had on him when he did shoot
that suspect the police chief says the
video makes it clear that the shooting
was within lawful bounds the mayor says
he saw a still shot essentially a photo
of that video that he says shows that
the suspect did have a gun on him and
the police have yet to release that
video and the number of the protesters
last evening were saying they want to
see that video police say they're still
conducting their investigation and
they're not yet going to do so okay so
first off worth noting again this is a
black cop who did the shooting there are
statistics that show that black cops are
more likely to shoot black suspects than
the white cops are because white cops
are afraid that they're going to be run
through the mill but apparently it
applies to black cops too we of course
saw that in Baltimore where it's a
majority black police force and that
hasn't stopped the Department of Justice
from calling the black police force
racist for picking on black people so
the natural response to all of this of
course is when a black guy pulls a gun
on a cop and it's a stolen gun turns
around gets shot by the cop it's a black
cop my natural response is to go steal
some hair extensions I don't know about
you but that's my thing I like stealing
hair extensions so you know that's
actually what happened people decided
that it's time to loot and riot here is
here's a freedom fighter in Milwaukee
stealing some stealing some hair
extensions because those hair extensions
were just they were a cultural
appropriation
they were aspects of white supremacy and
so this delightful human being is
stealing a bunch of hair extensions
presumably from a black owned shop which
is just the way that you fight in favor
of freedom see here's the logic I think
the logic is the police they're not
targeting enough criminals so I'm going
to be a criminal then the police can
target me or maybe that's not the logic
maybe there's not any logic maybe they
just want some hair extensions I mean
maybe that that might be more logical or
maybe they're burning cars over there
destroying cars over there because the
cars are elements of white supremacy I
mean if you look at this car the first
thing I saw when I saw this car first of
all it's a black car
I don't know why they're so upset about
it's a black car and and then they're
destroying it because presumably cars
are just an extension of the evil white
racist capitalist system this car
particularly must have done something to
a black person at some point because
they are pissed off and here's how it
goes with this car power means beat the
crap out of the car that make a lot of
sense to me but you know there you have
it I guess that that's if you think
that's striking back against the man I
suppose also they chance had black power
these rioters as they burn down a gas
station so that was exciting they had
some fun
- chatting black power which seems again
very logical see the thing is that when
black people want gas the last place
they'd want to go is to a gas station
they presumably want to go to some
culturally appropriate gas center I
don't know I can't know I don't have an
explanation but I gotta be I got to be
real they're burning down a gas station
in their own neighborhood and shouting
black power and I'm failing to see how
this is how burning down a gas station
that's probably owned by a minority
person given the area where this is
taking place why that exactly is is an
element of black power but apparently it
is also also the rioters were targeting
white people which makes perfect sense
since a black cop shot a black guy so
the white people are to blame so here is
the here is the Milwaukee rioters
targeting white people
if you're wondering it's kind of late
why don't these people go to sleep so
they can go to their job in the morning
and they don't have jobs presumably and
so they're shouting black power and
chasing the white people all over the
City of Milwaukee
and this of course means that white
people are the problem right clearly
clearly this is because of all the evil
white people and some of these people
were kind enough to sort of explain that
here are some of the agitators yelling
at the police so that was that was
amusing the agitators yelling at the
cops and watch that one of the amusing
things about this sort of thing is that
you're allowed to use this sort of
language with regard to the cops but and
none of and none of the people who are
into gay rights will care about it
because after all you're just yelling at
the police officers so it's totally fine
okay but there were a couple people who
explained what their agenda was and I
think it's important to understand the
agenda of people who are stealing hair
extensions burning cars breaking cars
running up for white people on the
streets it's very important to
understand what their real gripe is
because after all I mean I got to be
honest I don't really see the gripe
after a cop shoots an armed suspect who
tries to pull a gun on the cop I like
call me crazy but I just don't see why
that leads to riots fortunately we have
this fine gentleman to explain it's sad
because you know this is what happened
because they're not helping the black
community like you know the rich people
and they got all this money and they not
like you know trying to give us nothing
aha and there you have it the rich
people they've got all this money and
they're not giving it to us see it used
to be in a moral universe this would be
called robbery see when you think that
somebody else has money and they're not
giving it to you so you burn things down
that would be called looting robbery
it's immoral it's immoral I have people
I know who are significantly richer than
I but I have never yet
to myself you know what I'm gonna do I'm
gonna burn my neighbor's car this only
comes about because you have generations
of people being told that all of the
problems with their life are the result
of the system that are the result of
racist cops who are keeping them down
the result of racist police officers who
are shooting them for no reason are
taking them off to jail for no reason
it's the result of a racist system
that's coming after them now worth
noting the supposedly racist system has
been run by Democrats literally since
April 1960 there has not been a
Republican mayor of Milwaukee since
let's yell corn 84 since 24 years before
I was born
okay the year that John F Kennedy was
elected was the last time that there was
a Republican mayor in the City of
Milwaukee well that doesn't seem to
matter these folks they say that the big
problem is all the evil white people who
are keeping them down and not
redistributing the wealth you wonder why
why Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders
are in favor of these kinds of riots you
wonder why they seem so soft on this
kind of activity because they are the
natural outgrowth of an ideology that
they spout if the ideology is that
nothing you do in life is going to allow
you success and therefore your only
outlet is violence and rage and rioting
well then you shouldn't be surprised
when there's a lot of violence and rage
and rioting and a lot of failures and no
success and tremendous racism the left
by the way will claim that none of this
is racist it's okay it's not racist cuz
black people can't be racist
watch these rioters okay now watch some
rioters talking about what they think of
white people and whether they want white
people in their communities
they're saying if you can't hear them
properly they're shouting the police
officers and they saying that we can't
cohabitate with white people anymore we
don't want to be anywhere near white
people white people are the problem
okay except that in Baltimore the
majority the police force is black it
doesn't seem to matter the bottom line
is that law and order is the problem
because law and order only works if you
trust the system that the law and order
is based on the enforcement mechanism
for an evil Society those are the bad
guys right if you lived in Nazi society
there was law and order and Nazi society
too but the people who are enforcing the
law and order those were the bad guys
because they were enforcing on behalf of
an immoral evil system I remember I was
in a CN n green green room one time with
Van Jones who's sort of a racial
agitator former green jobs are at the
Obama administration we were sitting
there on scene we were about to go on
CNN and we started talking about exactly
this topic it was during the Ferguson
riots and I said well I don't understand
why is the solution to attack the cops I
mean you need more cops in these
communities to ensure that there's law
and order so that people can actually
invest in the communities there can be
better business why can't why can't we
agree on this and he says you know how
you know how Jews think of Nazis that's
how that's how a lot of black people
think of the police in other words
they're the enforcement mechanism for an
evil state and this has been the the
what what's so irritating about this
particular election cycle is that Donald
Trump left an opening on the on the
right because he keeps talking about how
America is a really terrible place and
the left has started talking about how
America is a great place but the left
doesn't believe America is a great place
left believes America is an awful place
the left believes America is awful and
sexist and racist and terrible they
believe that the that the system is just
corrupt and evil they believe that it's
it's it's horrible in every possible way
it can be and therefore anybody who
enforces that system is now the bad guy
you're now the enforcement wing you're
the enforcement wing of the bad guys
right the cops are now the people who
are enforcing a system that's destroying
your life that's the idea here
and if you believe that then of course
you're going to riot of course things
are going to get worse and not better
that mentality is not going to bear any
dividends for black folks living in the
inner city it certainly is not as
actually going to cripple them it's
going to ensure that people living in
downtrodden areas like Milwaukee those
people are now trapped in a spiral of
violence and crime that can't get out
because every time somebody says okay
let's put some more resources there to
stop the crime they say wait those
resources are just the they're just the
the bad guys on behalf of the evil
regime when you talk down America is
racist doesn't matter if the police are
racist or not they're representative of
racist America that's why it's so nasty
and negative what President Obama has
done he's going golfing he doesn't care
didn't care about any of this it's
amazing how the media tree to Bhama with
kid gloves there's another flood in
Baton Rouge Louisiana five people have
died
have you seen Obama in Baton Rouge
Louisiana no he's of course nowhere
nearby he's golfing somewhere I'm old
enough to remember during Hurricane
Katrina when it was the end of the world
Bush was a racist for not doing more to
stop for not doing the Superman routine
going up and holding up the levees
himself Obama who pledged the waters
would recede if he was president he goes
golfing in the middle of a massive flood
Louisiana the largely affects black
people
nobody cares all of this is devastating
and it's terrible and it's going to get
worse not better because the left has a
vested interest a vested interest in
calling America evil and terrible and
awful that is their vested interest and
then when this stuff happens they act
like it like the big surprise tank legs
a terrible surprise we have to end the
Facebook live here but we have much much
more coming including a great episode of
good Trump bad Trump plus you're good
you're not gonna want to miss the things
I hate today because it's spectacular
go to Daley wire.com to watch the rest
become a subscriber $8 a month is all
that it costs I mean come on folks
that's like one meal at McDonald's you
can go without I mean you're fat enough
go to daily walk and subscribe there you
can download the show later at iTunes
and SoundCloud the number one
conservative podcast in America Ben
Shapiro show
