the National Institutes of Health are
reportedly planning to lift a moratorium
on funding laboratory experiments that
would create embryos that are part human
and part animal
this means your tax dollars may soon be
used to fund the creation of what are
called chimeras animals with human
traits and vice-versa chimeras are named
after a creature from Greek mythology
who was a fire-breathing female monster
with a lion's head a goat's body and a
Serpent's tail so this should work out
well now when I first heard the news
that Washington planned to fund these
experiments it just seemed to me like
the usual governmental mingling of
stupidity and pride it could only lead
to some combination of natural disasters
and god-sent apocalyptic punishments
certain to transform the earth into a
hellish inferno ranged by unspeakable
creatures capable of dragging millions
of shrieking victims to an indescribable
death followed by an eternity of
spiritual torment but then I thought yes
but it could also be kind of cool after
all think of all the wonderful creatures
that could be created by the sort of
brilliant scientists who have invented
every man-made wonder from asbestos to
the hydrogen bomb for instance if we
could create a beam that was half human
and half pig we might finally be able to
tell bacon how much we love it if we
could cross a Democrat with a weasel we
could make a Democrat with fur and if we
could cross a Republican with an
orangutan we could create the one
candidate on earth capable of losing to
the weasel even if after she kept lying
about her emails if we could cross a
feminist with a golden retriever we
might finally create a college-educated
woman who wouldn't criticize you all the
time and was actually grateful when you
bought her dinner if we could cross a
teenage boy with a sloth we could create
a sloth that plays video games upside
down while simultaneously thinking about
sex if we could interbreed a cow with a
Chinese long-distance runner we might
actually be able to create Kung Pao beef
that delivers itself and of course if we
could cross a Frenchman with a chicken
we would have a Frenchman
genetic scientists dr. Renfield googley
said he welcomed the decision by the NIH
and would immediately apply for money to
finance the construction of a series of
chains and pulleys that would lift a
gurney up through the castle roof during
a lightning storm in order to prove at
last that he could create some hitherto
unheard of being and give it life life
life as if he were a god
yes a god more powerful than all those
intellectual midgets who laughed at him
back in high school and would now be
forced to plead for mercy while lying at
his feet also he said it would be fun to
act out the final chapter of the island
of dr. Moreau
dr. gully googly said he planned to
proceed cautiously and would begin by
interbreeding a bureaucrat with a
journalist and would only then move on
to human subjects trigger warning I'm
Andrew Clayton and this is the Andrew
slave until you open the door there's a
little crikey great cotton legs you know
it's a perfect don't tell us scientists
aren't working for the betterment of
society man oh man I read that and I
just thought like oh all right we're on
Facebook live hello Facebook live and
then come over after 15 minutes we're
gonna turn you off your entire life will
cease will go into this kind of weird
darkness unless you come over to the
Daily wire and then life will come back
to you and you can listen to the rest of
the show and you can also subscribe
there and for a lousy eight bucks a
month you can watch the show in its
entirety and also be part of the mailbag
you can send in your questions in the
mailbag and that's tomorrow whoo-hoo the
mailbag tomorrow do we just call it and
from now on the mailbag whoo-hoo I think
just reading it all right so we're
talking a lot about the culture I'm
gonna explain why I'm talking so much
about the culture because sometimes I
know conservatives kind of listen to
this and that crisis is a crisis so but
I'm gonna explain a little bit about why
it but first of all take a look at the
news with these these economic speeches
although to be honest with you I felt
like the economic speeches didn't
actually matter yesterday because we've
now moved in to a meta campaign where
we're actually having a campaign about
the campaign about how the campaign is
working and I'll show you what I mean I
mean Trump goes to Detroit
and he gives this speech this is his
major economics this is what I'm going
to do and he starts out talking about
the state of Detroit which hasn't had a
Republican even passed through I think a
Republican passed through last on a
horse in 1852
so here's Trump talking about Detroit
today Detroit has per capita income of
under fifteen thousand dollars about
half of the national average forty
percent of the city's residents live in
poverty over two and a half times the
national average the unemployment rate
is more than twice the national average
half of all Detroit residents do not
work Detroit
tops the list of the most dangerous
cities in terms of violent crime
Detroit tops the list of most dangerous
cities in terms of violent crime
these are silenced victims whose stories
are never told by Hillary Clinton but
victims whose suffering is no less real
or permanent
in short the city of Detroit is the
living breathing example of my opponents
failed economic agenda okay first of all
we cut this out but there's a there are
hecklers they heckled him like 14 15
times and they give him applause because
he doesn't say anything no part of what
the speech is about is showing that he
can not be a psychopath you know or at
least he can play he's not a psychopath
he can pretend not to be a psychopath
for long periods of time hopefully for a
stretch of four years I can pretend not
to be a psychopath and then you'll let
me lose so they're applauding them for
not responding to the hecklers which he
did throughout the speech but also he's
talking in Detroit where there's no one
within the sound of his voice who is
ever going to vote Republican this is a
Democrat place and like all Democrats
everywhere they will continue to stab
themselves in the eyeball hoping that
the effect of this you know will change
you know I yes
last time I stabbed myself in the
eyeball that really hurt and it scented
the knife point into my brain and I died
this time it's going to be different cuz
that's Detroit Detroit was once
Tomorrowland Detroit was once the city
that you turned to to look at what
America could be it was once the future
of this country and now it is completely
in ruins and it's in ruins because of
unions it's in ruins because of Democrat
giveaways it's in ruins because the the
protectionism buddy because the auto
industry was protected and nobody ever
thought there's gonna be any competition
and they make crummy cars and they paid
people too much and the union's gave
people you know retirement packages that
just bankrupted the industry and that's
why it's a Democrat disaster so he's
absolutely right about that and then he
goes on then the next thing he says is
he sends out an olive branch to Paul
Ryan and the Republicans in Congress who
have come up with a really good plan for
the economy they've got it's really
interesting new ideas and he says to
them that basically he's going to follow
the standard Republican playbook when it
comes to taxes and the like well we will
develop our own set of assumptions and
policies agreeing in some areas but not
in all or another's we will be focused
on the same shared goals and guided the
same shared principles jobs growth and
opportunity these reforms will look for
the biggest tax revolution since the
Reagan tax reform which Unleashed years
of continued economic growth and up
created we will make America grow again
so that's again that is not for the
voters that is for the Republicans that
is for that is to say that he will
follow the basic Republican path cutting
taxes he's suggesting that there would
now be three brackets of taxes twelve
percent twenty five and thirty three
percent he's going to come up with he's
gonna have to come up with some
deductions to get rid of some deductions
to pay for that and the big one to me is
he's promising to cut regulation this is
a big deal regulation I know it's a
boring topic I won't go on about it
forever but since President Obama took
office he has issued six hundred major
reg
relations totaling 743 billion dollars
that comes out of your pocket and the
worst of this missus compared to George
W Bush who issued 426 major regulations
but it's not really the number it's the
kind because every human enterprise is
regulated you know you can talk we can
have a conversation but if in the course
of that conversation I strangle you
that's regulated I'm not allowed to do
that that's you can't just say well
that's part of my free expression no it
hurts somebody else so you don't do it
everything is regulated but you need
smart clean small regulations and with
dodd-frank it's essentially a government
takeover of boardroom so anyway I won't
go on and on about that but that is
where Trump is right then he goes off on
this trade thing about NAFTA and it's
just clean ignorant dumb stuff here he
is our annual trade deficit in goods
with Mexico has risen from close to zero
think of that close to zero in 1993 to
almost sixty billion dollars today our
total trade deficit in goods hit nearly
eight hundred billion dollars last year
total trade deficit almost eight hundred
billion dollars this is a strike at the
heart of Michigan and our nation as a
whole
according to the Bureau of Labor
Statistics before NAFTA went into effect
there were two hundred and eighty-five
thousand Auto Workers in Michigan today
that number is only 160,000 Auto Workers
Detroit is still waiting for Hillary
Clinton's apology she has been a
disaster Obama has been a disaster
I expect Detroit will get that apology
right around the same time Hillary
Clinton turns over the 33,000 emails she
deleted I don't know what it is with
this trade stuff you know like I mean
the the auto industry first of all a lot
of the auto industry is read there's
moved to the south where there are right
to work laws so they're not crushed by
unions and then they go to Mexico so
they can get parts
labor cheaper so that our cars are
cheaper it actually increases our living
you know our standard of living anyway
this is this Trump thing he's on this
hobby horse it makes him a Democrat the
Democrats are the same way it's just not
true I mean free trade free trade is
like all freedom it includes dangered
includes creative destruction it does
destroy some jobs as it sends them to
other places but what are you gonna do
you know if you tell if you tell
businesses they can't manufacture where
it's cheapest the business itself will
leave so then what do you do oh well
we'll build a wall you know to keep
people out and put machine we'll call a
checkpoint charlie it'll be great you
know they've worked for the Soviet Union
so well it's gonna work here even better
but the thing is Hillary is exactly the
same way she comes back and she you know
the thing about Trump is they called
Trump a populist which he is he rides
the tide a popular anger but Hillary who
will be anything to all is all things to
all people she is spouts this populist
stuff too
here she is let's play the second
Hillary cut here she is attacking going
back an attacking Trump we are not
interested in economic plans and only
help the top 1% it's time we helped
everybody else in America get ahead and
stay ahead it's clear and a lot of the
journalists have written this that Trump
is scrambling to do damage control
that's why he listed those dozen new
economic advisors three Wall Street
money managers an oil baron a former
chief economist from one of the banks at
the heart of the financial crisis but
this is from a guy who has said he knows
more than the generals about Isis
so he's not only putting our national
security at risk now he's putting our
economy at risk see first of all to
attack Trump for saying he knows more
than the generals let's not forget that
Obama said I think I could probably do
every job on the campaign better than
the people I'll hire to do it it's hard
to give up control when that's all I
know and think I'm a better speechwriter
than my speech writers I know more about
policies on any particular issue than my
policy directors is a direct quote from
Obama and I'll tell you right now that
I'm gonna think I'm a better political
director than my political director so
you know Trump is just Obama when it
comes to this I alone can solve I alone
can solve it
this is the strong man's lament forever
but but the other thing is I mean
remember let's not forget that Hillary
is suggesting a massive increase in
spending that's going to be financed by
1.3 trillion dollars in tax increases
that are going to smother growth and
growth is already smothering me no we
are in the longest stretch of
productivity declines since the end of
the 1970s okay there's a longest stretch
since the end of the 1970s I mean 90 and
and the other thing is she keeps talking
about the one percent 90 percent of the
recovery money has gone to the one
percent under Obama that's what the way
socialism always worked socialism takes
a tiered system that goes from the poor
up steps you know to the to the upper
class it takes a tiered system and it
turns it in to a two-person a two-level
system the rich and the poor the
powerful and the poor that's all it is
that's what the Soviet Union eventually
becomes that's what all socialist
systems eventually become the powerful
get money and the those who don't have
power just get along as best they can
and now we're going to say goodbye to
Facebook but come and join us over at
the Daily wire
charged with you know I just want to
draw my saber you know I so everything
under the Obama economy see this is the
important thing everything under the
Obama economy has really not you know
they have that one number they keep
touting the unemployment rate but it's a
fake number because it just means the
number of people who are looking for
work who find work there's so many
people say again since the 70s there
have not been this many people who are
out of work
he's the Obama is the first is the only
u.s. chief executive in history not to
preside over a single year with three
percent GDP growth and it's a lot worse
than that
but the whole thing about this is the
campaign is now there's now two
campaigns right one is the campaign Oh
Hillary Clinton's policies are bad and
the policy she represents are bad and
the Obama presidency is a failure
that's all true the other campaign is oh
my god here comes Donald Trump it's not
all Trump it's like a mouse under the
chair that's the campaign we're in
that's the meta campaign we're in
Hillary Clinton wanted that campaign she
engineered that campaign the press
helped her engineer that campaign and
Trump helped her engineer that campaign
by being a blowhard and a loudmouth who
doesn't know when to keep his mouth shut
who cares more about himself and
personal insults against himself than he
cares about the country or that he cares
about the election all of those things
factored in to the point where we are
having the campaign about ich
here comes Donald Trump that's a
campaign that only can have one outcome
and that's the outcome that it's having
all the polls now are showing Hillary
Clinton pulling away I mean just an
absolute disaster Nate Silver's site
five three eight he has that thing where
he runs the campaign he runs the
election through his computer like you
know a thousand times it sees how many
times who wins and who loses
Hillary is now winning eighty seven
point four percent of the time
battleground states states that were
never battleground states like Utah or
becoming battleground states Georgia
state that hasn't gone blue since I
think ninety two something like that you
know this is this is huge and and people
are jumping off the Trump ship yesterday
fifty top Republican national security
advisors and former
government officials sent an open letter
it said the under the undersigned
individuals have all served in senior
national security and our foreign
foreign policy positions in Republican
administrations from Richard Nixon to
George Bush
we know the personal qualities required
of a President of the United States none
of us will vote for Donald Trump mr.
Trump lacks the character values and
experience to be President Trump
responded by saying the names on this
letter are the ones the American people
should look to for answers on why the
world is a mess you know in other words
they got us into this so he's gonna be
the change he's gonna be the energy
engine for change but all of this is
just what we were talking about
yesterday that when we were talking
about Bret Stevens who continued by the
way his war on Sean Hannity his column
today is all about a stupid Sean Hannity
is as we were talking about Bret Stevens
from The Wall Street Journal the elitist
guy from The Wall Street Journal
attacking Sean Hannity at Hannity the
man of the people who's in the tank for
Trump you know that is a fight that's
going on because the conservative
movement has collapsed it's not a fight
for the heart and soul of the
conservative movement the conservative
movement is gone I mean the Reagan
coalition is gone the Reagan coalition
that includes you know a nod to the
cultural conservatives to the Christian
evangelicals but mostly is about
government asserting American power
abroad and cutting government here at
home and having all that is gone because
the Soviet Union is gone because the the
the Carter economy is is coming back but
it's still not as bad as it was the
Carter well you know we are reliving the
70s but we haven't gotten there yet so
we're in this in this situation where
the one philosophy that could restore a
republic which is simply the philosophy
of limiting government so that people
can be free that's all it is
it's limiting government so that people
can be free that philosophy isn't
disrepute everywhere there are a small
number of people most of them are in
this room at this moment a small number
of people who still support the ban is
in the other room having makeup on so
he's but he would come in and support
this a small number of people who
support this and the underlying moral
consensus was Spiro Agnew
the moral majority was Agnew who said
that in Dixon I can't remember is there
there was their phrase the silent
majority that silent majority is gone
the underlying moral consensus that
bolstered conservatism is gone the idea
that freedom of it comes before
everything is gone the idea that you
must have to have a moral people a
church-going people or religious people
to be free that's gone so we are now
standing in the dust and that is why I
am talking about the culture you know
Andrew Breitbart always used to say
politics is downstream from culture that
doesn't mean that doesn't mean that the
arts are propaganda it means that the
arts establish norms and they do it in
your mind
unconsciously whether you like it or not
one thing I keep saying to the
nevertrump pers I said this a little bit
yesterday is that I agree with you about
Donald Trump Donald Trump is not fit to
be President but what I don't agree with
is the never Trump per se well Hillary
Clinton is bad but at least she's normal
bad I think that normalcy has been set
by the culture and it's it's a bad
normal I think Hillary Clinton is just
as bad as trumpet maybe worse it's
possible she's worse her basic
assumptions are worse and she's corrupt
he's corrupt and he has no assumptions
he's just a bull in a china shop
but her basic assumptions are all wrong
and very destructive so what what is
what we do with the culture this is what
people are asking me I'm not they'll say
to me I'm not an artist I don't create
things what do we do well first of all
you have to understand what's being said
and that was why yesterday I was talking
about the fact that our culture has the
our culture stands at the top of a tree
it grows out of a seed the seed is the
Christian culture that preceded it that
Christendom you know the West comes out
the month the modern West comes out of
Christendom and I just wanted to start
to talk about how those ideas are
projected in art even when the people
doing the art don't mean those ideas to
be there which is why I'm not that
concerned about who artists are a Sean
Penn performance you know what I think
of Sean Penn I think he sold his soul to
the devil to become a great actor but he
is a great actor Sean Penn performance
can communicate something profoundly
right and true when art works God speaks
no matter which artist is doing the
talking okay and I want to talk about
this a little bit
yesterday I talked about the idea of of
free what what's that truth I'm sorry
the idea of truth thank you today I want
to talk about the idea of the individual
because this is an idea that people
think is just there they think people
were always individuals an individual is
an invention of the West and it comes
directly out of judeo-christianity
and it comes to us through Christianity
when Jesus said I am the way and the
truth and the life no one comes to the
Father except through me people get very
upset about that it's what's the church
calls the scandal of particularity why
should the Jews be chosen why should
merry be chosen from the Jews why should
one man who some some people have never
heard of be the path to salvation that
it's not fair it's not democratic now
remember that Christ says no one comes
to the Father except through me he
doesn't mean that you get to the Father
through him he means he brings you so he
can bring you whether you've heard of
him or not CS Lewis said this it's not a
question of whether you've heard of him
he can do this work without you he
doesn't need your help so it's actually
not as unfair as it sounds but but these
I am statements elevate the individual
they say that this one person contains
God
what do you contain you contain a world
yourself this becomes you know there's a
famous book called mimesis and I don't
recommend it it's a specialist book for
people who care about literary criticism
I read it so you don't have to
essentially but in this book mimesis he
makes the point that right away in the
Gospels right as soon as Jesus is
arrested there was a story where the
disciple Peter betrays Jesus and Jesus
tells him he's going to betray me
betrays him three times and this is a
tragic scene in the Gospels and in this
book mimesis Eric Arab Auerbach points
out that this is the first time in the
arts ever that a lower-class individual
is portrayed as living out a tragedy
Peter is a fisherman he's a nobody he's
not a king you know when you think of
tragedies you think of the tragedy of
King Lear the tragedy of Macbeth the
king of Scotland the tragedy of Hamlet
Prince of Denmark that's what a tragedy
always was it was always a great man
being brought low that's what Aristotle
said it was it was a great man finding
his fall this tragedy of Peter is the
tragedy
of a little man and this comes down into
our culture creating the idea that every
individual contains within himself a
world that is worth knowing you know you
see this in the famous play Death of a
Salesman
we probably probably all heard of Death
of a Salesman it's one of the most
famous of American plays but you don't
think about that title Death of a
Salesman it's about a traveling salesman
you know who cares if a Salesman dies
that's the whole point of that play is
that the death of a salesman is just as
great a tragedy as Hamlet is by Arthur
Miller in this play in that in the first
act the mother the wife of the salesman
turns to the sons were disrespecting her
husband disrespecting their father and
she makes one of the most famous
speeches in American theatre history
where she says this man matters here's
the speech I don't say he's a great man
Willy Loman never made a lot of money
his name was never in the papers he's
not the finest character that ever was
but he's a human being and a terrible
thing is happening so attention must be
paid he's not to be allowed to fall into
his grave like an old dog attention to
such a person you're calling crazy a lot
of people think he's lost his balance
you don't have to be very smart to know
what his trouble is the man is exhausted
sure a small man can be just as
exhausted as a great man
see that's the voice of this elitist
Jewish leftist playwright Arthur Miller
speaking up for this little guy and
saying you know this famous line
attention must be paid to such a person
that is the gospel that is the story of
Peter elevated to tragedy because Jesus
says I am the way and the truth and life
that an individual contains the image of
God this you know all these kids in
college these snowflakes they call them
a cry bullies or whatever they say who
say I'm offended I have to be able to do
this they are argue they are trained
from that idea they think that idea you
know just comes out of the sky it was
created here in the West through Christ
through the culture that price formed
through the culture that the church worn
that idea
not exist in Egypt in ancient Egypt they
used to bury you with the king if you
serve the king they just tossed into the
tomb with him because you were done he
contained multitudes you contained
nothing you were just contained in him
you were just contained in him by making
by elevating the King to a to God you
took that away you are still contained
in God but that gives you a dignity and
an individuality you didn't have before
but the question then becomes what is
this individual what is the individual
we're trying to defend see the left is
trying to defend the individuality of
the flesh I sleep with this one that
makes me who I am I'm I have this
sexuality I declare myself this gender I
did all this stuff is physicality what
they don't talk about is the moral world
within and this is what American
literature begins to be about with one
of my favorite passages in all of
American literature it's a passage in
Huckleberry Finn you know Ernest
Hemingway said all American literature
grows out of Huckleberry Finn this is
why he said that because of this one
scene Huckleberry Finn has escaped with
a slave Jim the slave has escaped and
Huckleberry Finn is helping him escape
and he suddenly realizes that if he does
this all these culture everything about
his culture every good person in his
culture is telling him that he will go
to hell if he helps this slave escape
and so he finally thinks I'm going to
change my life I'm gonna be a good
person I'm going to turn the slave over
and he writes a letter to tell the
slaves owner that Jim has escaped and
after he does this he feels good I'm
gonna read you this passage one of my
favorite passages I've edited him for
space it says I felt good Huck says I
felt good and all washed clean of sin
for the first time I had ever felt so in
my life and I knowed I could pray now
because he's turned the slave in he has
done the right thing but I didn't pray
straight off but I laid the paper down
and I set their thinking thinking how
good it was all this happened so and how
near I come to being lost and going to
hell and I went on thinking and I got to
thinking over our trip down the river
and I see Jim before me all the time in
the day and then the nighttime sometimes
moonlight sometimes storms and we
a-floating along talking and singing and
laughing but somehow I couldn't seem to
strike no places to harden me against
Jim but only the other kind I'd see him
standing my
watch on top of his'n instead of calling
me and how good he always was and how he
said I was the best friend old Jim ever
had in the world and the only one he's
got now and then I hooked happened to
look around and see that paper the
letter he's written to do the right
thing to turn Jim in he says I took it
up and I held it in my hand I was a
trembling because I got to decide
forever betwixt two things and I knowed
it I studied a minute sort of holding my
breath and then says to myself alright
then I'll go to hell and I tore it up
it's the moral universe contained in an
individual against the church against
culture against everything this is what
American literature has always been
about it is that expression of the
individual that comes directly out of
Peters betrayal that which in turn comes
directly out of Jesus's statements about
himself the stuff I like today is a
movie one of my favorite movies one of
the greatest movies of all time called
On the Waterfront
and it was a movie written by Budd
Schulberg and directed by Elia Kazan
both of whom had testified before the
house on American Committee they had
both turned over friends who had been
communists and their argument in this
movie it's a it's about a union busting
mob busting dockworker an ordinary guy
used to be a boxer played by Marlon
Brando who decides to stand up and
become a rat he decides that the moral
thing to do is to rat on these mobsters
who have taken control of the waterfront
and it is that moment when you strike
back against the consensus and that's
why we have freedom of speech that's why
these people who get offended mustn't be
allowed to shut people up because the
consensus can be wrong even when you
think it is ever so right let me play
you one of the most famous scenes in all
of American movies Marlon Brando turns
to his brother his brother has been in
the mob and his brother Rod Steiger has
been sent to shut him up to tell him to
stop what he's doing and Brando finally
turns to him and tells his brother that
he ruined his career as a boxer that's
complicated for a manager
you brought your life to the fairs
it wasn't him Charlie was you remember
that night in a garden you came down my
dressing room and said kid this ain't
your night we're going for the price on
Wilson you remember that
this ain't your night my night I could
have taken one card so what happens he
gets the title shot outdoors on a ball
park or what do I get a one-way ticket
to Palookaville you was my brother
Charley you should have looked out for
me a little bit you should have taken
cami just a little bit so we'd have to
take them die for the short-end money I
had some bets down for you you saw some
money you don't understand I could have
had class
I could have been a contender I could
have been somebody instead of a bum
which is what I am let's face it
it was you child
so Marlon Brando finally finding that
the loyalties that he has kept the the
street code that he has followed has
stripped him of who he could be he did
not follow the moral law within he did
not follow the moral universe he was
given this is why we fight for freedom
this is where our idea of freedom comes
from it comes from a place it didn't
drop it did drop out of the sky of the
sky in a very specific way it comes to
us through our culture we must not let
it go we mustn't let these ill-educated
students and these even worse educated
professors take it away from us ever and
this is where the fight to restore
conservative culture is going to be
waged because we've lost it in the
political realm well talk more about
this tomorrow we hits the mail bag
woohoo we gotta get Lindsey back this is
terrible who'll be here to answer all
your questions i'm andrew Clavin this is
the andrew Clavin show we will do it
again tomorrow
