so nobody's watching the Olympics
according to Nielsen the Rio Olympics
Opening Ceremony dropped to 28% from the
London Olympic ceremony in 2012 and that
wasn't an aberration the kickoff of
Olympic competition earned nineteen
point five million viewers between 8
p.m. and 11 p.m. which was a 32 percent
drop from the London Olympics there are
a bunch of reasons why the Olympics seem
less interesting every single cycle
first nobody ever talks about the home
country
it'd actually be interesting and
worthwhile to critique why exactly there
have been so many problems in recent
Olympics like dogs being killed on the
streets in Sochi Russia where massive
pollution in China and Brazil it'd be
kind of interesting to know why the
opening ceremonies the Olympics this
year looked like a dystopian future film
the 1970s Technicolor sort of like the
gang meet up in the Warriors so it look
like there's a reason behind that these
countries are run as massive government
dictatorships Brazil as a corrupt petro
oligarchy and oil oligarchy and it's run
like that but we never hear about that
all we hear about is that Olympic
kayakers are reportedly running into
couches in the middle of their races
really in the middle of the river thanks
to a trash buildup that actually
apparently happened which is awesome
this makes the Olympics themselves seem
trashy rather than just the home
country's second the unity of nations
gobbledygook while the Lebanese national
athletes refuse to sit on the same bus
as the Jews the Olympics keep marketing
themselves as a one-world organization
something along the lines of
Disneyland's it's a small world except
that what made the Olympics interesting
in years past was the international
rivalry if you watch miracle an imagine
that the u.s. hockey team just played
Finland and then skipped right over the
Soviet Union there wouldn't be anything
there worth filming in a games with no
villains that really can't be any heroes
third the media are super annoying first
of all they talk too much
second instead of just home teaming it
and rooting for the US the media feel
the need to play neutral at the Olympics
which is super annoying and irritating
nobody cares about the comedy of nations
we need a rooting interest that's all
pretending that we ought to simply shrug
when dictatorial nations win medals and
say yay great achievement rather than
getting annoyed by it should kind of
annoy us more than that the media not
along with manufactured stories like an
American fencer wearing a hijab yay
while ignoring legitimate stories like
those Israelis feeling actual
discrimination from Muslims at the
Olympics we can't ever call out the bad
guys finally we don't care about these
sports
there are only a few sports people care
about anymore at the Summer Olympics
barring a huge star like Michael Phelps
gymnastics some of the sprints all the
rest crappy TV nobodies all that
concerned who wins the Women's Rugby
Olympic medals nobody there were 19
sports in the 1936 Olympics for example
there are now 28 all of which means
nobody's watching and nobody will
continue to watch so long as we're asked
to throw nationalism out the window when
watching international competition I'm
Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
so I'm here I'm alive yay I didn't die
whoo yes for not dying all right so
that's that's very exciting I'm not dead
apparently the folks in Rio nearly died
though the viewers are dying of boredom
I have to say that that opening ceremony
I wasn't here to comment on it but the
opening ceremony looked like garbage did
you guys see the opening ceremony first
of all this looks like somebody was it's
like a an art project you did when you
were seven and you got a ruler and then
a couple of markers and your job was to
just fill up the page with random shapes
this is what the Olympic ceremonies look
like and then there was like a bunch of
screens as the athletes were walking and
they have the whole March of Nations
where they all walk in and try not to
kill each other and as they walk in
there's all these screens up front like
it's sort of like in the matrix where
all of the all of the screens are
weirdly plugged in on top of each other
and it looked like some sort of crazy
dystopian future and that's because Rio
is a craziest dystopian future where
people eat people and everything is
Soylent Green has been run by the left
for years and years no I'm not allowed
to comment on that what we are allowed
to comment on is climate changed in the
middle of the Olympics of the opening
ceremonies they start commenting on
climate change they said they don't want
to talk about the fact that they're this
again corrupt petrel oligarchy where the
current president has been suspended
from her duties for corruption and the
prior president is under investigation
for obstruction of justice they don't
want to talk about any of that stuff
they don't want to talk about the fact
that they have massive tariffs and
really bad taxes and really bad
regulations and a lot of the countries
living in poverty now they'd rather talk
about how Al Gore for some reason like
Al Gore showed up and started talking
about the the global warming and the
earth warming then they showed some kid
planting a tree or something and I'm
just gonna wait what what does that to
do with anything
like I like trees as much of the next
fella but why does this have to do with
people working out and then taking drugs
that they can do their sports really
whoa hey I was I was informed I was
informed that there would be
international competition like rocky for
where people would actually dope in
front of me and then would hit each
other but apparently that didn't happen
so that was that was disappointing okay
that is my informed take on the Olympics
I feel are a complete waste of time just
like the World Cup I think is a waste of
time it's when we pretend to like soccer
for five minutes every every four years
and then we go back to hating soccer and
realizing that it's really boring and
the human beings were created with hands
and so long as we have hands we should
actually use them in the sports in which
we participate all right now let's talk
about some actual important things
happening in the news so we'll start you
know I want to start with a quick note
Donald Trump is getting absolutely just
destroyed in the polls I mean just
walloped in the polls what every time
Trump says I'm doing low in the polls no
the answer is you're doing horribly in
the polls
ever since the DNC it's almost as though
the media were waiting until the end of
the DNC to hit Donald Trump with the
kitchen sink and Donald Trump handed
them a kitchen sink first so they could
hit them with the kitchen sink it's
almost like that because if you look at
the polls what you will see is that at
the end of the RNC this was basically a
tie race in Real Clear Politics today
Hillary Clinton has a seven-point lead
on Donald Trump today there was a
Monmouth poll that has Hillary Clinton
up among likely voters
52:37 so she's up 13 points in the
Monmouth poll that's not a real outlier
ABC has hit Clinton up eight IBD has her
up for NBC has her up nine the over the
last several polls two of the last six
polls I think have her up in double
digits McClatchy has her up 14 points
it's really ugly and it's and it's
really bad for Trump today he gave an
economic speech he actually stayed on
the teleprompter which is what he needs
to do if he's actually going to succeed
here I think that the time for him
succeeding has basically faded I think
that it's very difficult for Trump to to
come back from a deficit this large we
don't have debates yet so there could be
a debate surprise where Trump suddenly
starts to come back and he hits her or
it could be just more disastrous Trump
right now by the way there's actually a
shot that Hillary Clinton he'll there's
another Georgia poll Hillary Clinton's
now winning by 7 in Georgia which is in
the same
Republicans haven't lost Georgia since
1992 right now according to the 538
modelling Hillary Clinton could win
South Carolina South Carolina okay it's
a disaster I mean it's a full-scale
disaster and so this leads me to a point
and the points is not just that the
Trump is in many ways a disaster the
point that I'm making is that if you are
a Senate candidate everybody's all over
some of these Senate candidates for not
endorsing Trump or not getting on the
Trump train all the Trump people are
saying why aren't you backing our guy
why aren't you supporting our guy the
answer is because this is now Dunkirk
okay this is now Dunkirk four people
don't know the World War two history the
Nazis overrun France and the British
would put a bunch of troops on the
ground in France in order to try and
stop the Nazis from overrunning France
and so now they're pushed all the way
back up to the English Channel and
Churchill basically orders this
emergency evacuation where people in
fishing boats are going over and
evacuating everybody over to the other
side of the English Channel this is
turning into Dunkirk for Republicans
they're going to need to abandon Trump
because Trump is totaku to them there
and they're starting to do this they're
gonna need to start a banding Trump in
order to rectify their own possibility
of retaining the Senate in order to
rectify their own possibility of
retaining the house because if he loses
by 10 13 points we're talking historic
level blowout but John McCain got blown
out by Barack Obama he lost by 7 points
okay if Trump is losing by 10 if Trump
loses by more than 10 we're talking
historic magnitude blowout and if that
happens there's significant problems
further down ballots so it's time you
know for those guys to treat this as
don't quote by the way I've been saying
for a long time I think it's time for
conservatives to treat this a dunkirk
the war has already been lost you need
to save your troops for another day
conservatives need to consolidate and
they need to come back stronger in four
years because the chances that Trump
wins this election unfortunately seems
to be diminishing not growing again
could Trump turned it around
yes but Trump has a chance like like Jim
Carrey had a chance near the end of dumb
and dumber we're saying there's a chance
but I wouldn't stick my house on it and
for anybody who disagrees I know this
takes off a lot of the Trump supporters
I'm sorry but you yourself would not bet
money on Donald Trump at this point so
let's just be a little smart okay let's
just be smart put aside the political
bias for a second he's not losing
because people like me by the way he's
losing because he's not a good candidate
and he's making lots of mistakes now all
that said what makes this so frustrating
and disappointing and really upsetting
in a major way what makes this really
upsetting is that Hillary
is just a crap show of a human being
Hillary Clinton is the worst so today
and Hillary Clinton is the worst the
story is this Hillary Clinton basically
may have gotten this Iranian guy killed
so there's no real proof that she got
the Iranian guy killed but here's what
happened what happened is that there's
this Iranian dude and he defected
basically to the west in 2009 with a
bunch of their nuclear secrets
his name was his name was shocking I'm a
memory that was his name and he came
over and he gave us a bunch of secrets
we paid him like five million dollars
and then in 2010 for no real reason he
ends up in Iran and everybody why are
you back in Iran what are you doing
there you're gonna die and they give him
a big hero's welcome they say that he
was kidnapped by the CIA they say that
it was really all about Donald that it
was really all about you know the
Americans had captured him and it was
the end of the world
what it really was it turns out is that
they were probably threatening his
families he goes back and they captured
him they torture him then they hanged
him over the over the weekend they
hanged him well it turns out that his
name appears in many of the it turns out
his name appears in some of Hillary
Clinton's emails so in in some of her
emails according to the Associated Press
he was described as our friend Jake
Sullivan who's a national security staff
for Obama referred to a mirror like this
quote the gentleman has apparently gone
to his country's interest section
because he is unhappy with how much time
it has taken to facilitate his departure
so talking openly in lll Hilary's
unsecured email server about this guy as
a friend about how we're going to help
him there's a lot of speculation that
perhaps the Iranians had hacked
Hillary's server and that's how they
knew that he was a spy now again not
total evidence that that is what
happened it's possible that he went back
and they figured okay he's a spy and
they already knew he was a spy and
that's why he was that's why they
basically threatened his families he'd
come back in the first place but it
doesn't really change the underlying
story the underlying story is Hillary
Clinton had an unsecured server she was
mentioning stuff that was clearly
classified and clearly detrimental to
national security now I'm old enough to
remember when the Democrats made a huge
deal a huge deal out of scooter libby
supposedly outing valerie plame the CIA
agent red she was a desk agent she
wasn't out in the field in any way and
they meant this they made a movie about
it it was the end of the world it was so
terrible she was in no danger at any
point whatsoever at any time she's not a
field agent
this guy actually ends up being hanged
and the media have nothing to say about
it oh well you know no there's no
smoking gun there's no smoking gun right
there's no smoking gun because there
never would be I mean the only way to
find a smoking gun here would be for us
to hack the Iranians and found out that
the Iranians hacked Hillary but that's
not happening so we don't know what
happened here what we do know is that
Hillary certainly didn't care enough
about national security and this also
raises another question which is how
many other operations have been
destroyed thanks to Hillary Clinton's
email server how many times will be
sticking somebody out and the Russians
were hacking Hillary and they knew we
were staking somebody out how many times
were with somebody who's an actual agent
on the ground mentioned in Hillary's
email server and we just never find out
about the operations that get blown and
the people who get killed or hurt
because we would never find that out you
never know about the opportunities that
are missed how many operations were
destroyed because the Hillary Clinton's
email server we just don't know the
answer we just don't know the answer
because we don't know the answer
Hillary's gonna get away with it it's
very irritating Tom cotton senator from
Arkansas he said this over the weekend
you mentioned the Iranian scientist that
was recently executed now of course I'm
not going to comment on what he may or
may not have done for the United States
government but in the emails that were
on Hillary Clinton's private server
there were conversations among her
senior advisors about this gentleman
that goes to show just how reckless and
careless her decisions was to put that
kind of highly classified information on
a private server but I think her
judgment is not is not suited to keep
this country safe
I mean clearly that's true clearly the
media is gonna continue covering for her
no matter what because that's the way
this works the media must cover for
Hillary under all circumstances
meanwhile Hillary is still being asked
about her email server she was asked
this at a media event she wasn't she's
there
it's amazing me she spoke in front of
this journalistic event in Washington DC
and the journalists actually cheered for
her so I mean at least their biases are
out front me they're literally sitting
there clapping for her as she lies to
them in front of their face because this
is how these things work so Hillary
Clinton has asked about her email server
and you wonder why Hillary doesn't do
press conferences it's because when
she's asked tough questions she actually
answers like this I was pointing out in
in both of those instances that director
Comey had said that my answers in my FBI
interview were truthful that's really
the bottom line here and
I have said during the interview and in
many other occasions over the past
months that what I told the FBI which he
said was truthful is consistent with
what I have said publicly so I may have
short-circuited and for that I you know
we'll try to clarify because I think you
know Chris Wallace and I were probably
talking past each other because of
course he could only talk to what I had
told the FBI and I appreciated that now
I have acknowledged repeatedly that
using two email accounts was a mistake
and I take responsibility for that okay
we can shut her up she's a liar and
she's awful of course none of that is
true the FBI never cleared her in any
fashion about what she said publicly
they knew in comment on what she said
publicly the Washington Post gave her
four Pinocchios on this particular
comment but the thing that drew
everybody's attention of course is when
she says that she's short circuited and
the reason that people your attention to
this is because Hillary Clinton is in
fact she won't just be our first female
practical be our first female president
I think that she will actually be our
first artificial intelligence president
she won't actually because I'm not sure
that artificial intelligence can have a
sex I mean there's no biology so it's so
she's you know presumably she's like the
terminator sent from the future to
destroy Sarah Connor and also America's
financial status I have good evidence by
the way for the idea that Hillary
Clinton is actually a robot for example
let's take a look at this one here's
Hillary yeah yeah she's a little bit
little bit robotic there we also have
Hillary that somebody mistakenly input
data and asked her to bark like a dog
and it turned out like this yeah so
there was that which was unpleasant and
then of course there's Hillary rebooting
which have you ever seen this there's
artificial intelligence president
Hillary Clinton and then of course this
is what happens when electronic devices
conflict with her signal and then if you
mistakenly input the command to dance
then hillary sort of looks like this
and then they're just sort of errors
that no one can really explain you
notify Microsoft about them sometimes
you know sometimes the circuitry just
ages and there are times in fact when
when her yes and no command circuitry
gets compromised and things get confused
is it yes is it a no no one knows it's
confusing there there is on occasion
there are fatal errors and sometimes in
fact you know sometimes computers that
here's the thing about computers he had
computers and artificial intelligence
and they don't have millions of years of
human evolution so that means that
they're sort of rudimentary and how they
handle things like falling objects so
there is your first artificial
intelligence president Hillary Rodham
Clinton if you're very excited about all
of that I suggest that you get your head
checked because it's pretty horrifying
we have a lot more coming up you're
gonna want to go to Daley wired.com to
check it out because we have a lot more
fun games and high jinks we have to talk
about the media we have to talk about
Trump and and we also have to talk about
things I like and dislike is it's a
plentiful helping of fantastic wonderful
things at daily wire.com go over there
to check it out or you can download us
later on iTunes and SoundCloud the
number one daily conservative podcast in
America make sure that you go check it
out
Cowabunga dude and Trump responds to
Hillary's failings by calling her
mentally unstable so yeah I have to say
I don't think this is Trump's most
fruitful line of attack calling Hillary
Clinton mentally not because she is
mentally stable but because we have two
crazy people from the asylum scene at
the beginning of Amadeus running against
each other here is Donald Trump in New
Hampshire ripping into Hillary Clinton
unstable hillary clinton and you saw
that did you saw that where she
basically short-circuited she said she
did it wasn't a press conference cuz
that's around 250 days but it was in
front of some friendly reporters they
asked her a very easy question and she
short-circuited she used the term
short-circuited she took a little short
circuit in the brain and sket problems I
mean if we had real people this would be
a real problem for her if we every but I
think that the people of this country
don't want somebody that's going to
short-circuit up here okay not as your
president
that is your present and then he of
course turned into an infinite loop and
just kept saying not as your president
and for the rest for the first of the
speech so you know I was really sick
last week and that meant that I was
doubly saying because I had to watch
this election cycle and it was it was
horrifying and continued to be
horrifying there was so aside from
Donald Trump calling Hillary Clinton
unstable again his most fruitful line of
attack on Hillary's that she's out of
touch not that she's unstable and we can
all see that this is a race between two
deeply narcissistic people I had a
conversation on the air this morning
with a couple of naive peopIe do a
morning show out here and now we have a
permanent pro Trumper up through the
election and who's a wonderful gal my
name is Jen horn and and she's there and
Alicia's Alicia Krauss was there and
Brian Whitman is there so now it's it's
a cast of thousands and and Brian
Whitman and and Jen Horne are going off
about the motivations of these people
who run for president I said it's very
obvious what their motivations are
Hillary Clinton has been running for
president since utero and she's she
literally just been fertilized and for
some reason the egg started playing hail
to the chief and Donald Trump is running
for president cuz the man literally has
nothing better to do in his life he said
I've reached the pinnacle I've married
as many models as I'm going to marry
I've covered everything I possibly can
in gold I've he's like he's like King
Midas except it's not real gold it's
like fake gold but I've I've covered my
own food and gold I'm running out of
edibles so what am I gonna do I mean
like I can't sit around all day painting
gold leaf on this orange like I have to
do something so he runs for president -
it's all a narcissism game for all these
people both the people who I was talking
to say no no they both want to make the
country better and I thought to myself
boy everybody in this country must have
a screw loose I mean goodness gracious
Tim Cain who's Hillary Clinton's boring
vice president that's his that's his
actual title it's he's not just the vice
president and they in clayvin the show
he always talks about Hillary Clinton
running for horrible president so Tim
Kaine is running for boring vice
president and he is he's legitimately
about as interesting as a blank piece of
paper to eat I mean that's like not even
just a blank piece of paper like if you
pulp it in your mouth and just roll it
around in there for a while he's about
as interesting as that like not even
with the bleach just like recycled paper
here here's Tim Kaine talking about how
he and Hillary Clinton are gonna be
absolutely transparent which is
laughable are you
the transparent what does that mean it's
it's it's the same thing that she is
dead look knowing what I know now I
wouldn't have done the private server in
that way she said it was a mistake we I
am NOT presumptuous enough to start
thinking about how I'm going to do
things after November but I know that
this is something that she's learned
from and and we're gonna be real
transparent absolutely we're gonna be so
transparent gonna make your head spin
they're gonna get tired of their
transparency it's just gonna be so
transparent every day it's gonna be a
new level of transparency and then
you'll be able to see through him you
know he's actually gonna turn himself
invisible and you can see through him if
you believe this crap then you have to
be either a Democrat or an idiot but I
guess that that's what we've got on our
hands now the media of course are going
out of their way to to defend all of
this and this is a problem let's take an
example Cokie Roberts here I don't know
why Cokie Roberts is a human but Cokie
Roberts is on ABC News and Cokie Roberts
is talking about Hillary Clinton and
Donald Trump calling her on hinge and
here is Cokie Roberts explanation for
why Donald Trump would call Hillary
Clinton unhinged and what about him
tweeting about her short-circuit great
against and hands saying that she he she
questions her mental fitness right
nobody in America questions for mental
Fitness is about unhinged since she
doesn't look presidential is totally
code for we shouldn't elect a woman if
sad is that because that's crazy that's
why you wouldn't agree with that lady
because you know we call each other
unhinged all the time on is it so I
don't understand why never one calls
Donald Trump unhinged is it because they
don't want to elect a woman what does
that even that that's the stupidest
single argument I've heard in the last
five minutes Cokie Roberts saying that
head that if you call Hillary hon hinge
then it's code for we shouldn't elect
the one but this is how it's gonna be
just a quick note going forward okay
Barack Obama in 2008 we elected the
black guy and then the idea was supposed
to be great now we come together as a
country over race and Barack Obama
instead used the club of his race to
cudgel anyone who disagreed you got the
entire media saying the reason you
dislike Obamacare is cuz he's black not
because Republicans have opposed
nationalized health care for the entire
history of the Republican
but because Barack Obama's black if you
think that electing a woman president is
going to stop feminists from claiming
that they're victimized at the hands of
American Society think again it's gonna
get twice as bad every time you
criticize Hillary it's not gonna be
you're criticizing her because she's a
crap president it's gonna be you're
criticizing Hillary Clinton because you
hate vaginas that's what it's gonna be
and I mean personally I have no problem
with vagina it's some confused by this
particular line of argument but it's
it's the line the eye that the media are
gonna now here's the problem the
Republicans are rightly saying and
they're right
the Republicans are rightly saying the
media are unfair to Trump and they are
they're unfair to Trump
so here's Rudy Giuliani who's been out
shilling for Donald Trump making exactly
that argument I know all of those of you
in the media don't believe this but you
really don't treat us the same way the
the allegations by mrs. Smith the gold
star mother about Hillary Clinton lying
to her got about 1/10 of the coverage
that the Constitution got Hillary's
Hillary situation in which the FBI in an
extraordinary memo found it to be
extremely careless and handling top
security information my goodness I
wouldn't hire a person as an assistant
US attorney if that was in their FBI
background we're gonna make a president
United States nobody raises that nobody
makes a very big deal about that that's
not on the news for five days six days
so I think what Donald Trump is
reflecting is and I know the media
always discounts this because you don't
like to get criticized but you don't
treat us the same way the history
Democrats Hillary Bill Obama they get
the benefit of the doubt that of course
is 100% true it's a hundred percent true
the media you'll see that I mean
remember last week the real story last
week was not Donald Trump going after a
baby okay that was like a joke and it
was funny and it was ridiculous and it
was silly but it had nothing to do with
anything the real story last week is the
Barack Obama should four hundred million
dollars to the Iranians to free a bunch
of hostages and by the way they're
taking more hostages now that's the real
story but that wasn't the story this
weekend the real story this weekend was
what about your gaffes for Donald Trump
and
Giuliani's right the media do have it
out for Donald Trump and I've been
saying by the way I said this for months
legitimately said this for months in the
office I was saying it to people all the
time there are a lot of people who
bought into the myth of Donald Trump's
media infallibility during the primaries
look at this he's saying things that
would get any other candidate killed and
I basically kept saying right because
the media will want the candidate they
can destroy the minute this is over boom
the DNC happens he's downtown where he
goes from tides down ten within a week
within a week how did that is Trump part
of that's media Gingrich is saying the
same thing Engrish is out there saying
the elite media obviously hate Donald
Trump you know it is a period of turmoil
a lot of Republicans get very scared the
the elite media is 95% against Trump and
doing everything they can to fan the
flames of a panic but the fact is that I
think that this race is a long way from
over and the truth is that Hillary
Clinton is probably the most dishonest
person ever to run for president and
certainly the most corrupt ever to be
nominated for president okay oh that's
true oh that's true Mike Huckabee makes
the same claim he says that Trump is
losing because the media keep in mind
that the press has done everything they
can to try to destroy Donald Trump's
trustworthiness even when he's telling
the absolute truth and the so-called
fact checkers which i think is a joke
even when they verified that what he
said is the truth on the other hand you
got Hillary who has been shielded and
protected I mean the press has become
her helicopter parents and so therefore
they are always making sure that she's
presented in the best light and that's
one of the challenges Donald Trump faces
going into these next few months is is
recognizing as he wakes up every day and
looks in the mirror he's got to remind
himself the press is not my friend okay
if he has to remind himself of that
who's never a Republican in the first
place all Republicans know the press is
not their friend here's the problem here
here's the problem in 2012 the press
absolutely savaged Mitt Romney savaged
him and who's a racist use a sexist
who's gonna put you all back and change
yet binders full of women
right he was just a terrible terrible
man Mitt Romney who's probably the
nicest person ever to run for president
of the United States certainly one of
the classiest people ever to run for
of the united states maybe one of most
boring people have to run for presidents
of the united states he runs and the
media just turned him into the devil
he's the devil he's Darth Vader and
everybody after that they go the media
have no credibility are you kidding me
they're lying they're liars they're
terrible people they're liars
then Trump comes along and the media say
this guy is really a racist this guy is
really bad he does a lot of bad things
and everybody goes well you guys are
liars we're a couple of sin to you why
would we listen to you we're not gonna
listen to you and then it turns out that
Donald Trump is kind of bad right he
says a lot of stupid bad things and the
media are right about him now so what
Donald Trump has ended up doing is with
using this anti media argument which is
a correct argument the media hate
Republicans using the anti media
argument to defend Trump when he does
stupid things actually ends up
discrediting the anti media argument you
understand what he ends up doing is it
ends up saying it makes it makes it seem
like the real reason Trump is losing
right now is cuz Trump is doing a
terrible job as a candidate part of that
is the media granting excessive coverage
to that when you say it's the media
that's killing Trump as opposed to Trump
killing Trump well you end up doing is
you end up discrediting the argument
that it's the media because we can all
look and see the Trump is not doing a
wonderful job right now
maybe he'll recover this has nothing to
do with where the race is going it has
to do with the media so what's kind of
happened what's actually the irony the
irony is Trump was a product of our
hatred for the media because Trump was
smack in the media every day we loved it
he's a product of our hatred for the
media Trump is gonna help revitalize the
reputation in the media because more and
more Americans are gonna start trusting
the media when they talk about Trump
because Trump actually does dumb things
that Romney never did right there are
some things where they hit him and it's
totally unfair like on baby stuff and
Trump is right to complain about that
and there are some things where they
head and where it's totally fair like
his initial response to the Khan family
or the KKK stuff or the disabled
reporter stuff or the whole litany the
POWs that mean it just goes on and on
the problem with Trump is he he in his
very personal the way he argues the way
he the way he speaks what he says these
things end up discrediting all of the
best Republican arguments so today he
gives an economic speech and his
economic speech is half conservative
half not he's good on taxes and he's bad
on tariffs he's decent on regulations
and he's bad on spending he he says all
this stuff right and then what's gonna
happen is people are gonna take away
from that that Donald Trump's policy is
conservative
no it's half conservative some of its
conservative some of its really not
conservative but people are gonna take
away its conservative and then and then
when Donald Trump's policies are
implemented people are going to say oh
obviously conservatism failed obviously
conservatism failed and it's it's it's a
problem look the author know math is
getting worse for Republicans it's not
getting better for Republicans it isn't
and I think that it's time that we face
a few facts here folks and it's that
this is describing it's only August
things can change you can all say again
things can change but the chances of
things changing this radically in a
short period of time in an election
where Republicans have the systemic
disadvantage they're low they're really
low that being the case we have to plan
for a movement for the future that's not
just about what happens in the next
three months we have to start thinking
beyond the next three months how are we
gonna build a movement that is about
truth how are we gonna build a movement
that is about telling people things that
are true as opposed to telling people
things that they want to hear how's that
Adam Carolla's podcast last night you
should give it a lesson it was fun and
he and I were talking about this and he
was saying why don't people speak the
way you do in politics and I said
because they're afraid that wasn't the
word I use but I said have that people
are afraid and they are yeah and because
people are afraid they're not going to
tell you the truth they're not gonna say
things that are true they're gonna
pander to particular audiences and so
what ends up happening is that if
everybody is pandered to we end up
separated from each other because the
only thing that can in the end unify us
is truth if none of us can agree that
two plus two is four then we're never
going to be able to agree on anything
and that's what's been happening
politically we can say things that are
eminently true and there's no agreement
because Trump is busy pandering to his
people and you won't tell them the truth
and Hillary is busy pandering to her
people and she won't tell them the truth
and so what you're ending up with these
these very polarized parties that only
stand for particular kinds of people
rather than good ideas rather than good
ideas and it's it's a disaster area now
you know maybe Trump recovers maybe
Trump recovers he gives this economic
speech we'll go over it a little bit
tomorrow and go through the audio and
explain what exactly happened but I have
a feeling that trumpet I'm not sure
Trump has it in him personality-wise
and I think the entire Republican Party
I have to say I think the entire
Republican Party has been infused with
the spirit of we're going to talk about
people's feelings instead of talking
about facts so they think that's how
they're going to win and they don't
understand that in the end you can lie
to the people and tell them about their
feelings but if you disappoint them
because
you're telling them things that aren't
true then they're gonna hold you
responsible for that - they're gonna
hold you responsible for that - you
can't make promises and endlessly to
people I guess unless you're a Democrat
maybe you can if you're a Democrat maybe
you can and if that's the case then
democracy really does not work if the
case is that you can be lied to and you
just keep voting for the wrong stuff
then democracy doesn't work but I have
faith that if people are told the truth
that a certain number of people I think
a majority will resonate to it but you
have to you have to stop the pandering
if to stop the foolishness and and you
really have to just go right at the
issues and I don't think that either
Trump or Hillary are gonna do that's why
Hillary's still vulnerable the only
reason Trump still has a chance is
because Hillary is a terrible candidate
okay time for things I like and then an
extra special version of things I hate
so things I like so while I was sick I
decided that it was time to watch some
sci-fi movies because when you're
sitting there going to the bathroom
every 45 minutes you need to do
something during the gaps so one of the
movies that I watched that I actually
really enjoyed I was surprised that I
enjoyed it this much was a 10
Cloverfield Lane you guys seen 10
Cloverfield Lane it's good good film
it's really good the very end of it is
that feels kind of tacked on but the but
the first the what it really is I mean
honestly what it really is is a
psychological thriller for the first
hour and 25 minutes and then the end is
kind of like a 10 minute chase sequence
but that's kind of added on just and
that doesn't ruin the movie or anything
but the the everything everything with
with John Goodman is spectacular John
Goodman is spectacularly good and scary
in this movie he's terrific in this film
especially because I know one person who
I won't mention on-air who is John
Goodman in this film and he's a very
powerful guy and if I mentioned his name
you would know him but he is John
Goodman in this film here's the preview
for 10 Cloverfield Lane
yeah basically what's happening it looks
like it's like a good family
get-together drama it isn't what's
really happening is this girl at the
very beginning this isn't giving
anything away it's the first thirty
Seconds to film this girl is driving and
away from the city and she's hit by a
car and the next thing she knows she
wakes up basically in a bunker and John
Goodman is there and he tells her you're
in the bunker and the rest of the world
has been destroyed like literally
everything has been destroyed and so one
of the mysteries of the film is is that
true has the rest of the world actually
been destroyed what's going on outside
the bunker and the second is is this guy
just a nutjob
who's kidnapped her and brought her down
here and it's it's a really really tight
little I like it's a tight little film
it's a not a lot of wasted space I
thought it was great I thought it's
great I thought it was one of the better
science-fiction movies I've seen in
recent years there have been some very
good science fiction movies in recent
years but well why do science fiction
movies this week will do science fiction
movies as things I like this week okay
time for some things I hate so Barack
Obama wrote a piece I hate this kind of
pandering crap but you know I talked a
minute ago about pandering crap giving
people what they want in terms of
feelings without giving them the truth
so my wife and I have a rule I think
I've mentioned it on the program before
we have a rule when she comes home and
she tells me about a problem in her life
and you should implement this in your
relationship it's a good rule she comes
home and she tells me about a problem in
her life I've learned you know we
married eight years and I learned
probably five years ago that I need to
ask a question before we go any further
in the conversation and the question is
is this just do you want me to just let
you talk is this just is this just a
complaining conversation or you want me
to solve the problem because men tend to
be fixers when you hear a problem we
immediately grab a hammer and a saw and
we go to work trying to fix it and this
is particularly true when you're when
your wife your girlfriend comes home and
she says I've got a problem you go okay
well let's fix it and she gets pissed
and guys don't understand why guys like
why are you why are you angry at me I
you you came with a problem I solve
things I fix lightbulbs you know like
tell me what am I doing wrong and it
goes but you're not hearing me you're
not hearing me and guys find this
endlessly annoying ladies I mean just
endlessly annoying if you tell a guy
here's my problem then he says well I
have a solution she's like well I don't
want your solution okay I have solutions
too but that's not I'm talking about now
I just want you to hear when times so
use this this trick the reason I mention
this is because in politics people
say they want solutions and they're
totally full of crap what people
actually want is just a bitch now all
people really want is to complain about
their problems and if you tell them the
solution to their problems they don't
want to hear it so when you have
feminists and they go around saying you
know we have a problem it's that women
are paid less than men and we say well I
have a solution to that and the solution
is you have free choice if you didn't
want to make as much as a man then don't
have babies and don't get married
because it turns out then you'll make as
much as a man who basically operates
like he's not married and has no kids
right I mean that's that's that's the
way that the statistics work in the 50
largest cities in the United States as
of 2010 according to Time magazine women
were paid 108 percent of what men were
paid they were paid more as if they had
the same level education and income and
education and work experience and age
and all this but if I'm gonna still want
to hear that what they actually just
want to hear is you say you know what
you're right women have it so rough I
can't even tell you how rough lemon have
it and if a guy Danes to say anything
other than that it's well you're not a
woman you don't understand you see
Barack Obama do this on racial questions
too right he'll say well black people
all over the United States they feel
they feel disadvantaged by the police
they feel it they say well but there's
no statistical proof that that's
actually happening in terms of violent
shootings for example and if police are
running into black people more often
that's probably because most of the high
crime areas in the United States happen
to be heavily black why why is that a
controversial thing and if we want to
solve the problem what we really need to
do is tamp down the crime rate in the
black community because it turns out
that every population when they first
come to the United States has bad
relations with the police until the
crime rate goes down at which case they
have great relations with the police it
happen with the Germans it happened with
the Irish it happened with the Italians
it happened with the Jews it's happened
with it's happening in Latino
communities like what's the what's the
big so let's just hit the crime rate
down and how about this like here's a
common standard everybody act well is
that really tough and people get mad
they get so mad if you say this they
right you're taking away their sense of
initiative you're taking away their
feelings their feelings are being so
Barack Obama writes this ridiculous
stupid piece for Glamour magazine
because Barack Obama's not a president
he's a pretty boy that's all he does I
mean uh President Obama is a figurehead
and he just says pretty things and
everybody goes oh he just he has
feelings he understands your feelings so
here's what he wrote you wrote this he
wrote this piece
called this is what a feminist looks
like which is not true when feminists
typically looks like an overweight woman
with blue hair and nose ring and all
that so there that's okay I'm just
joking
there are lots of feminists who don't
look like there's real feminists in
there's fake feminists a my mom's a real
feminist like she actually worked in my
dad's stay at home and she took care of
her family and she had kids and she made
all the right decisions my wife is a
feminist right she's a she's because I
consider feminism the notion the women
can make any choice they want to make in
life my wife is a feminist she's working
as a doctor right now and she's if she's
a doctor she's more accomplished than
any of these whiny feminist activists
I'm a feminist because I enable my wife
to go and make the choices she wants to
make in her life and encourage her to do
so and I'll do the same for my daughter
I've done the same for my sisters and my
mom you know so but Barack Obama says
he's what a feminist looks like what
feminists look like are people who allow
feminists to whine as much as possible
that's what feminists look like here's
what here's what Obama rights rights
there are a lot of tough aspects to
being president there's some perks to
meeting extraordinary people across the
country holding an office where you get
to make a difference in the life of the
nation Air Force one but perhaps the
greatest unexpected gift of this job has
been living above the store for many
years my life was consumed by long
commutes it's often that I had to work
even harder to be the kind of husband
and father I want to be and then he
talks and that anything goes on and on
and on yeah finally gets to in my
lifetime we've gone from a job market
that basically confined one so a handful
of often poorly paid positions to a
moment when women not only make up
roughly half the workforce but are
leading in every sector from sports to
space from Hollywood to the Supreme
Court so you think okay now celebration
time yeah a good job America
noop noop in fact he says the most
important change may be the toughest of
all and that's changing ourselves yeah
okay we're changing ourselves Barack
Obama came along and his wife said if
you recall his wife said he would change
our souls right he could heal our souls
he could heal the soul of the nation I
don't need anyone healing my soul so I
got God for and I don't need my soul
healed in fact my soul and the province
the rest of me it's the problem if
you're if you're a religious person you
tend to believe that the soul is
straight from God it's not your soul
that's broken right it's your thrust of
you it's your conscience maybe that's
broken but Barack Obama says we have to
change
people Marxists which is what Obama is
they have a deep abiding belief real
deep belief that that people change that
people change on a root level that if we
just change the economic circumstances
of human beings then they changes people
like they actually does their souls
actually change like if people made more
money they'll become better people which
is ironic because they consider the rich
people in American society the worst all
right so they say as you become more
wealthy an American society become more
corrupt but if you made poor people more
wealthy they become better which is
weird he says this is something I spoke
about at length in June in the
first-ever White House summit on the
United State of women which by the way
would be just the most estrogen-filled
country in the world the United State of
women I mean goodness they couldn't even
there wouldn't be any agreement on when
to go to war
there wouldn't me that somebody would
say to the women's army go take that
hell on a woman go why I want that hill
it's nothing for me as far as we've come
all too often we are still boxed in by
stereotypes about how men and women
should behave no actually we're not
boxing enough by stereotypes about how
men and women should behave it turns out
men should behave like gentlemen and
women should behave like ladies I know
that's sexist and terrible all of that
is really just shorthand for everyone
should behave like a human being like a
mensch be a book could be a good person
he says one of my heroines is his
congresswoman shirley Chisholm who's the
first African American to run for a
major party's presidential nomination
she once said the emotional sexual and
psychological stereotyping of females
begins when the doctor says it's a girl
no that's inaccurate that's when we know
she's a girl you know if you're
stereotyping then don't do it but I mean
like really the most important people in
my life have always been women says
Barack Obama I was raised by a single
mom who spent much of her career working
to empower women in developing countries
that is untrue your mom took you to
Indonesia and then she basically
abandoned you with your grandparents
when you were like seven so that's not
true wach was my grandmother who helped
to raise me worked her way up at a bank
only to hit a glass ceiling also untrue
his grandmother never had a glass
ceiling she was a vice president of the
bank
I've seen how michelle has balance the
demands of a busy career and raising a
family
Michelle certainly has never had a glass
ceiling Michelle went to Harvard Law
School got a job at a ritzy law firm in
Chicago and then
job hang her $300,000 here to do nothing
for the University of Chicago health
systems that's nonsense
and then he says I was often away from
home serving in the state legislature
while juggling my teaching
responsibilities as a law professor I
can look back now and see that while I
helped out it was usually on my schedule
and on my terms the burden
disproportionally an unfairly fell on
Michelle well then buddy that's your
fault that's your fault and that
presumably as a decision you made with
your wife if your wife said no I guess
that you and she have to make a decision
don't you but I guess she's the victim
she's always the victim he says I'd like
to think I've been pretty aware of the
unique challenges women face it's what
has shaped my own feminism but I have to
admit when you're the father of two
daughters you become even more aware of
how gender stereotypes pervade our
society and then he talks about how he
absorbs messages of masculinity from
magazines and then you realized his
ideas about being a tough guy or a cool
guy weren't just weren't me they said we
need to keep changing attitudes we need
to change the attitude that raising our
girls to be demure and our boys to be
assertive that criticizes our daughters
for speaking out and our sons for
shedding a tear okay
nobody is criticizing a girl for being
assertive go all the way back to Little
Women and Joe March is being assertive
okay and that thing was written like 150
years ago so no it turns out that men in
Western civilization have been pretty
okay with assertive women to the point
of men voting to give women the vote
okay well when women who won some sort
of war for the vote men gave women the
vote they did that because they were
being gentlemen and decent human beings
and then he says we need to keep
changing the attitude that punishes
women for their sexuality and rewards
men for theirs okay this is one of the
things that drives me absolutely nuts
the idea that women ought to be rewarded
for for being promiscuous I don't think
men should be rewarded for being
promiscuous but let's be real about
something okay the reason that biology
makes men more promiscuous okay in every
species that we know about men are more
promiscuous than women males are more
promiscuous than females in virtually
every gamify every virtually every
species that we know about in the animal
kingdom males are more promiscuous why
because they are spreading their seed
females are less promiscuous why because
they have to be selective and their
sexual partners this is not rare and
it's not unique to human beings these
are not gender stereotypes that is a
fact okay that is a fact
the fact is nobody should be rewarded
for their for their their sexuality I
mean I don't understand why you should
be rewarded for your sexuality like
sexually
is something you do are you rewarded for
your eating like that's that's it's such
a bizarre notion is we need to keep
changing the attitude that permits the
routine harassment of women whether
they're walking down the street or
daring to go online okay first of all
you shouldn't harass women walking down
the street gang and daring to go online
there's a nice thing about Twitter it's
called a mute button if Lena Dunham
doesn't like being quote/unquote
harassed online perhaps you shouldn't
brag in her memoir about molesting her
sister and perhaps you should use the
mute button if she doesn't want to hear
from people turns out that we live in a
society where anyone can say what they
want he says we need to keep changing
the attitude that teaches men to feel
threatened by the presence and success
of women I don't feel threatened by the
presence and subset success of women I
don't think most men do I think men
don't like women who treat them badly
and they don't like men who treat them
badly he says we need to keep changing
the attitude that congratulate men for
changing a diaper stigmatizes full-time
dads and penalizes working mothers okay
first of all let's okay again it's real
keeping time now folks and this is not
me trying to soothe the feelings okay
because again I don't care about them
here's the deal women have a greater
Drive to take care of babies than men do
they do sorry
biology it just is if they didn't they'd
abandon the kids when the kids are born
women have a greater drive to take care
of their children than men do it's why
men routinely abandon their kids and
women almost never do and just factually
speaking in terms of crime rate since it
was a single parenthood you never see
the mother give birth leave the kitten
and then just give the kid to the dad
and take off and it's extraordinarily
rare why because women have a natural
bond to their child that men don't have
and the physical bonds of their child
that men don't have but like we're just
gonna pretend the men and women are
exactly the same
this is coming from a guy by the way who
had a working mom and a full-time dad my
dad stayed home and took care of us my
mom worked he says we need to keep
changing the attitude that values being
confident competitive and ambitious in
the workplace unless you're a woman no
he says then you're being bossy and
suddenly the very qualities you thought
were necessary for success end up
holding you back again my mom runs a
company people don't think she's bossy
because she's not bossy if people are
calling you bossy lady
maybe it's because not because you're a
woman maybe it's because you're actually
bossy young men we don't call them bossy
we just call them a-holes right when men
are bossy like I tend to be I I like to
flatter myself that I'm a pretty good
boss to the people that I work with if I
were a real jerk to the people I work
with I assume
would call me a jerk and that has
nothing to do with sex that has
everything to do with being a jerk
again this all comes down this is Obama
just soothing feelings has you have you
heard anything here that's actually
practically anything anything that fixes
anybody's problems have you heard it I
haven't haven't heard anything all I've
heard is women you're right to feel like
men hate you but not me
but not me I love you ladies you're just
you've had it so rough you've had such a
tough life everything is so wrong you
know you can tell those other men hate
you and our sex but I'm not I'm a
feminist I'm really a feminist this is
it's the same way that you have white
kids in college and they say yeah I know
I understand my own white privilege and
it's like oh well now I know you're off
the hook scot-free you don't actually
have to do anything congratulations I
guess
Obama's the president he's not actually
gonna do anything to make women's lives
better like for example you know what
make women's lives better
that Obama could do and you would
actually have an impact how about Barack
Obama did a speech just one speech one
that's all I'm asking and the entire
content of the speech was men stay with
the women you impregnate marry them
marry those women before you impregnate
them get married before you knock some
lady up what if he did that would that
be the end of the world they couldn't do
that because then he'd be judging the
women who have had babies out of wedlock
and the men who have abandoned those
babies wouldn't want to make anyone feel
back this whole long convoluted piece
it's just this whole routine about what
a wonderful man is just a long virtue
signaling says it's absolutely men's
responsibility to fight sexism and
spouses partners and boyfriends we need
to work hard and be deliberate about
creating truly equal relationships is as
a parent helping your kids to rise above
these constraints is a learning process
Michelle and I have raised our daughters
to speak up when they see a double
standard or feel unfairly judged based
on their gender or race when they notice
that happening to someone else it's
important for them to see role models
out in the world who climbs the highest
levels of whatever field they choose
vote Hillary that's that's really what
this whole thing is supposed to be and
then he says the very end that's he he
just says it right at the very end he
says this fall we enter a historic
election it's a historic moment for
America no it's really not it's not an
important moment for America the only
thing that's important is we're about to
elect of two crappy candidates were
about to elect a crappy president you
know the crappy woman or the crappy man
it's it's just it's it's silly but again
all of this comes back to this feeling
in politics that I hate
more than pretty much anything that you
are supposed to pander to people's
feelings rather than telling them the
facts there are sexist out there there
are men who has to I've seen it I saw I
saw when I was working at a law firm in
in in LA there's a guy who ran the
office and he would routinely wait until
a woman stepped off the office in five
hours if any other guy was in the
elevator and he would make some sort of
derogatory sexual remark I know that
there are men who do this sort of stuff
I know there are men who are sexist if
they're men who are sexist and if they
behave in a sexist fashion then they
should be punished by their companies
then they should be then they should be
told no by their bad people who are in
the elevator with them there should be a
so there should be social stigmas not
legal stigmas attached to speech there
should be social stigmas and legal
stigmas attached to behavior right but
but beyond that I need an actual wrong -
right don't just tell me sexism is out
there somewhere in the ether I'm not
gonna go ghost hunting with you I have
no interest Ghostbusters sucked
originally and it sucks even more when
we do the social justice warrior crap
where we just put a bunch of women in
there so Barack Obama virtues signaling
that's the thing that I hate for today
okay one correction I for some reason
this is Michael Jordan his dad getting
killed story I keep screwing it up like
over and over so it turns out that the
killers were not one white guy one black
guy it was one black guy and one Native
American guy I've been assured this in
very strong terms by one guy who keeps
writing me over and over and for some
reason is that I don't know if he's
trying to solve the mystery or what but
he's he keeps writing me about this
particular thing okay fine so that's the
that's the correction segment I'm sure I
got something wrong in today's show and
you can let me know tomorrow and we will
be back tomorrow we'll go over Bharat
we'll go over a Donald Trump's economic
speech and we'll talk about the latest
from the Olympics and hopefully I'll
have more information on that kayaker
who hit a couch supposedly this actually
happened there was a kayaker
was in the middle of the race hit a
couch and capsized because things are so
polluted there there's legitimately a
couch floating just below the surface
any hit any capsize which come to think
of it as just a metaphor for the
election and the world and the Olympics
and everything so thank God I'm healthy
and thank God the Sun rose today thank
God for little things and big things
I'll be back tomorrow with all the bad
news I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben
Shapiro show
