NBC is broadcasting the Rio Olympics on
a tape delay with events packaged around
the athletes personal stories the
network says quote and this is a real
quote more women watch the games than
men and for the women they're less
interested in the result and more
interested in the journey it's sort of
like the ultimate reality show and
miniseries wrapped into one
unquote NBC's director of uterine
programming Thelma T battle-ax added
some detail to the network's policy
saying quote let's face it girls don't
really give a crap about sports so
basically if we're gonna make some coin
off the snoozefest it's gonna be with
soft focused pseudo documentaries full
of people tearing up about their sick
mother or whatever then a minute or so
of running around a track then it's like
The Bachelorette getting a rose and a
trip to Costa Rica with a male model who
has the IQ of an eggplant
except instead it's some lesbian broad
with enormous thighs getting a gold
medal for jumping over a stick and then
we forget about her and move on unquote
so far for instance women around the
country have thrilled to the sentimental
journey of American fencer in T Haj
Mohammed miss Muhammad couldn't play
sports as a child because there was no
way for her to wear the traditional
Islamic headdress to signify her
inferiority finally she discovered she
could wear her hijab while fencing and
now the entire United States has the
uplifting experience of watching a
Muslim wielding a sword then of course
there was Jenny Thrasher who won the
first American gold medal in the field
of rivalry causing Barack Obama to call
for greater restrictions on gun
ownership lest these weapons fall into
the hands of other dangerous young
athletes mr. facher disagreed with the
president saying guns could increase
America's safety and she would prove it
by going out and shooting the first
Muslims you saw carry a sword what could
possibly go wrong to further interest
women the Olympic game committee has
included new events specifically created
for romantic Rio de Janeiro for instance
there is the new triathlon that begins
with a desperate race to get away from
swarming Zika infested mosquitoes then
continues with the slalom run to dodge
the bullets of leftist guerrillas and
ends with a dive into a pool of water
filled with viruses and bacteria from
human feces the gold medal will be laid
on the grave of
The Last Olympian to vomit himself to
death girls love that sort of thing for
those of us who identify as male of
course a sport isn't really a sport
unless it includes enormous black guys
elbowing each other in the face while
the referee isn't looking for us the
best Olympic event so far has been the
one in which three young bicyclists
raced to find their missing companion in
the shadow of a secret government
facility that is accidentally unleashed
and unimaginable horror wait maybe
that's not the Olympics maybe that's
stranger things which men are watching
instead of the Olympics because the
Olympics are so damn girly trigger
warning I'm Andrew Clavin and this is
the Andrew Clavin show I crack myself up
I'm sorry I try I try to maintain I know
now I have to listen to all those tweets
and emails it's so that Clavin list we I
told you that Clavin last weekend you
were gonna get kind of a pass because I
had an article in The Wall Street
Journal so it wasn't an utterly Clavin
las' weekend and only 61 people were
blown to pieces by a terrorist in
Pakistan so that's not so bad I mean
that's just Obama a world at this point
that's not even it's not even my fault
all right so we're on Facebook live for
15 minutes and then some enormous horn
will sound and you will be cast into the
exterior darkness where there is great
wailing and gnashing of teeth but you
can wail and mash your teeth over at the
Daily wire listen to the rest of the
show where you can also subscribe and
for a lousy eight bucks a month you
cheap sob you can then watch this show
and not only watch the show but also be
in the mailbag you just send questions
in the mailbag which we will try our
level best to answer come Wednesday all
right so here's this story that I've
sort of been writing about uncovering
because in a way it just represents
exactly what is happening to the
Republican Party and the conservative
movement it is a little it's like a
cartoon room remember those old
political cartoons you sometimes see in
Victoria like punch magazine where like
there would be the rich and he'd be some
big fat guy and there'd be you know
you'd be standing on the poor and it
would be labeled the poor this is like a
cartoon of this this is Bret Stevens
The Wall Street
Foreign Affairs columnist and Sean
Hannity whom we all know from Fox News
having a Twitter fight that to call this
a childish fight would be an insult to
children I mean children are much more
capable
I mean civilized argue that these two
guys that he went out a teacher this
started Hannity on his radio show you
know Hannity is in the tank for Trump I
mean he is just a trumpian and it has
been from an early stage
he has Trump on all the time he gives
him a complete platform to speak in so
he goes on the radio and he starts to
shake his fist essentially at all the
big-time Republicans who won't back
Donald Trump and this is what he said
I'm just gonna say it because it needs
to be said if in 96 days Trump loses
this election I am pointing the finger
directly at people like Paul Ryan and
Mitch McConnell and Lindsey Graham and
John McCain and John Kasich and Ted Cruz
if he won't endorse and any of the jeb
bush and everybody else that made
promises they're not keeping and because
I have watched and witnessed to the
point of incredible frustration I have
watched these Republicans be more harsh
towards Donald Trump than they've ever
been in standing up to Barack Obama and
his radical agenda that has doubled the
national debt that has resulted in a 51
year low in terms of homeownership in
this country the percentage of homes
that are owned by Americans that has led
to the lowest labor participation rate
since the 70s and that has led to
millions and millions and millions more
Americans in poverty and on food stamps
and out of the labor force
okay so Stevens Bret Stevens now goes on
Twitter and links to this rant and says
here's what Fox News's dumbest anchor he
says Fox News's dumbest anchor had a
message for y'all okay y'all this is the
guys never used the phrase y'all in his
life but this is Fox News's dumbest
thing so Hannity goes nuts and he says
you know it was Walsh
geniuses like you Bret Stevens who let
you know John Boehner in the house
give up the power of the purse and
finance all of Obama's programs with
your stupid omnibus bills and you let
this happen all and he said it's
arrogant elitist enablers like you that
never hold Republicans accountable and
you created the opening for Trump and
that's the cleanest thing he said Shawn
was actually calling him some names that
I won't repeat until people accuse
Hannity of being drunk so Stephen he
says no I just had one beer at a Yankee
game okay Stephens strikes back on
Twitter and this is after Hannity has
now called him you know all kinds of
unprintable things that he now prints on
Twitter and Stevens responds by
comparing Hannity to the Kevin Kline
character in a Fish Called Wanda and he
tweets this little little clip from a
Fish Called Wanda don't call me stupid
all right to call you stupid would be an
insult to stupid people I've known sheep
that could outwit you I've worn dresses
with higher IQs but you think you're an
intellectual don't you wait Apes don't
read philosophy yes they do
Otto they just don't understand it boy
his boys boy okay now the reason the
reason I'm talking about this the reason
I'm talking about this is because this
it's almost like a perfect picture
postcard of what is happening to not
just the GOP but the right because
Hannity is the man of the people right
Hannity this is this is the persona
here's a man of the people he has been
so utterly in the tank for Trump I mean
it's it's really incredible and Bret
Stevens is an elitist
I mean he's a boarding-school guy he
says well I I succeeded on my own and
all this stuff but his father I think
was a vice president of a company or
something like this and he's obviously a
very very well educated very elite very
you know I've seen him speak and he's
quite brilliant and and that's the other
thing I like both these guys I mean you
know when there are internet views I
don't know if I'm the only unknown
a person has noticed this obvious so
obvious that nobody has any there's no
gray areas it's all like one guy is the
devil and one guy's a saint if one guy
is has done anything that you don't like
remember Reagan said if somebody is a
beeper somebody is 80% your friend he's
not 20% your enemy the Internet has
thrown that away on the Internet
you suck if I disagree with you you
stink but I actually like both these
guys I mean Hannity look Hannity is a
man of the people he's a popular
broadcaster the right conservative ideas
do not get out enough we need popular
broadcasters he's a talented radio guy
I've been around radio all my life I
know one when I see one he's a really
good radio guy you know you may disagree
with him here you may hate the fact that
he picked up Trump but he's good at what
he does Bret Stevens is also very good
at what he does is a foreign affair of
course once so I have great respect for
both of these guys but I think they
represent each one of them represents a
side of the party one represents the
wall street journal' establishment and
the other represents this
man-of-the-people guy who's going for
Trump now the I just think they're both
in the wrong they both made these
mistakes and Hannity let's start with
Hannity Hannity tweeted back in 2012 he
tweeted this message that the Republican
Party was was floundering and he sent
out a tweet it's time to start
nominating disciplined principled
conservatives men and women who will
defeat their opponents not themselves
and then he backed Trump okay so that's
like that's like you know disobeying his
own advice like including the commas
that's like every every possible aspect
you know he's not disciplined he's Trump
is not disciplined Trump is not
principled Trump is not conservative
it's conservative is about limiting
government so that individuals can be
free Trump is not a conservative he
supports eminent domain he supports
universal health care he's he supports
strong man government I alone can solve
I alone can solve that's not a
conservative point of view I alone can
solve the conservative conservative
point of view is you alone each of you
the populous the individual can solve
okay so when Sean backed him and you
know it it's really painful when to see
when Sean interviews when Hannity
interviews Trump the way he puts
words in his mouth do we have that cut
of Hannity with Trump after Trump
announced the judges did I include that
cut yeah but just just watch this is
just it's just Hannity telling Trump
what he believes one of the top things
that would ask you often is your
judicial philosophy you mentioned as I
said Scalia and Thomas they are what we
call originalist right constitutionalize
direct you are constitutional correct
correct correct it's correct but I don't
know what that means constitutional
traditional is whatever I that's what I
am if you tell me Sean that's what I
mean he might as well be sitting on his
lap while Sean's like pulls the string
in back and you know he has abandoned
his own advice he's abandoned the
principles that he was that he was
supposed to represent he is now on the
Trump train and that train has taken it
have been very embarrassing for
everybody and he and so when he yells
when he says goes into that rant and
says I'm gonna blame the people who
don't stand with Trump look these are
people following their consciences you
can disagree with them you can disagree
with them but they find Trump
unacceptable and Brett Stevens finds
Trump unacceptable and this is what
Stephen said when he was asked by a
Fareed Zakaria I think will you vote for
Donald Trump this is the yes this is cut
six yeah well I most certainly will not
vote for Donald Trump I will vote least
left wing opponent to Donald Trump and I
want to make a vote to make sure that he
has he is the biggest loser in
presidential history since I don't know
Alf Landen or going back further it's
important that Donald Trump and what he
represents this kind of ethnic quote
conservatism or populism be so
decisively rebuked that the Republican
Party and Republican voters will forever
learn their lesson that they cannot
nominate a man so manifestly unqualified
to be President in any way shape or form
so they have to learn a lesson in the
way perhaps Democrats learned a lesson
from McGovern in 72 George Will has said
that's happened lose in 50 states
why not Guam Puerto Rico and the
District of Columbia - see that's the
voice of an arrogant elitist I'm sorry
you know I
I have nothing he's never Trump that's
his prerogative that's his conscience
but I'm going to teach the Conservative
Party a lesson these people need to be
taught a lesson but does they mean
voting for someone that I didn't approve
of you know he has this tone all the
time I mean for instance he's very lazy
fair about gay marriage and he's very
lazy fair about illegal immigration from
Mexico it's not a question of whether
you agree with those policies or not I'm
lazy fair but gay marriage I think I
don't want the government to tell
anybody who they can sleep with I don't
want the government to tell anybody
anything except which side of the road
to drive on basically so but but listen
to his tone of voice here he is writing
about about Mexico and people feeling
that maybe illegals shouldn't be pouring
across our borders and he writes Mexico
is a functioning democracy whose voters
tend to favor pro-business conservatives
not a North American version of Libya
exporting Jihad and boat people to its
neighbors somebody ought to explain this
to Republican voters whose brains like
pickles and brine have marinated too
long in anti-mexican nonsense you know
here's the thing I mean I can understand
your thinking we need more Mexicans
pouring across our borders illegally but
you know it's in it's offensive to
people to have the laws of their country
disobeyed it's offensive to people to
have their traditions their
thousand-year-old traditions about
marriage cast aside as if they were evil
as if suddenly the left has our betters
our superiors have suddenly discovered
something a moral vision so much higher
than ours that law and tradition no
longer mean anything and be can be just
cast aside in any way they want because
guess guess what they haven't discovered
that vision there's something about this
guy's tone of voice and here's a guy I
love to read him on Israel I love to
read him on the Middle East he's
brilliant on Foreign Affairs but you
know Republican voters who object to
illegal immigration not legal
immigration but people pouring across
their borders illegally making hash of
their laws disrespecting their laws
disrespecting the country that they're
coming into and then waving la raza
flags and saying oh make America Mexico
again and all this stuff you know
there's something about that you have to
respect I respect the anger that they
feel I even respect no matter what I
think about gay marriage I totally
respect someone saying hey you know this
has been a tradition and a and the what
I was taught in church five people on
the Supreme Court have no right they've
have no right to just invent this right
in the Constitution which they did I
respect their anger there's nothing
wrong with what they're saying and it
the people like Brett Stevens and the
entire Wall Street Journal editorial
staff if you ask me ignoring that rage
is a problem it's the problem that
creates an opening for Donald Trump I
have to pause here to say farewell to
our friends at Facebook come to the
Daily wire and hear the rest
every time I hear that I want to draw a
sword and just charge overhead all right
but Stevens is never trumpet and my
problem with never Trump is not what
they say about Donald Trump because I
think they're right in what they say
about Donald Trump he is unacceptable my
problem is that they don't really
appreciate how bad Hillary Clinton is
and Stevens has said he would vote for
Hillary Clinton if it mattered what
which way a state would go which I guess
if he's in New York it won't matter much
but my problem with the never Trump
people is definitely not what they say
about Trump I agree with everything the
never Trump people say about Trump but I
don't think you know the press as we
know and as I've been complaining about
the press is unfair they treat one side
differently than the other utterly
different mean something 97% of
mainstream reporters are Democrats
they're just reporting the Democrat side
of the issue it creates an atmosphere
where even if you know that journalists
lie even if you know they're biased it
creates an atmosphere where you become
acclimated to people like Barack Obama
and Hillary Clinton and you don't
realize how genuinely genuinely terrible
they are you know Hillary Clinton made a
she lied again on screen with the tape
playing with you know Comey of the FBI
saying everything she said about her
emails was untrue she sat there and said
no Comey said I
told the truth and she was asked at a
journalist meeting where they were
applauding for her by the way had to
talk about bias she was asked well your
didn't you lie when you said the commies
that you were true listen to this answer
for a second I was pointing out in in
both of those instances that director
Comey had said that my answers in my FBI
interview were truthful that's really
the bottom line here and I have said
during the interview and in many other
occasions over the past months that what
I told the FBI which he said was
truthful is consistent with what I have
said publicly so I may have
short-circuited and for that I you know
we'll try to clarify because I think you
know Chris Wallace and I were probably
talking past each other because of
course he could only talk to what I had
told the FBI and I appreciated that now
I have acknowledged repeatedly that
using two email accounts was a mistake
and I take responsibility for that but I
do think you know having him say that my
answer is to the FBI were truthful and
then I should quickly add what I said
was consistent with what I had said
publicly and and that's really sort of
in my view trying to tie both ends
together I mean essentially you know
she's still lying and when she says we
were talking at cross-purposes
you know tapper was asking a question
she was lying that was their cross you
know she lied and you know she keeps
doing it and by the way the New York
Times I mean this is a bits a big deal
because it does say in the same way that
Trump's going off on mrs. Kahn when he
didn't have to and it was just an
unforced error it does say something
about his character says something about
his compulsions his inability to keep
his mouth shut when he needs to even
when it's the politically smart thing to
do this is something about her the New
York Times did not cover this story okay
they're their own
public editor you know the one who sort
of is supposed to be their public watch
dog her name is Spade Liz spade the
public editor of the New York Times she
wrote a blog post entitled the Clinton
story you didn't read here at the New
York Times and it says she this is their
the New York Times a former newspaper
this is their public editor she says if
you're getting all your political news
from the New York Times this may be the
first time you're hearing this about
Hillary Clinton line so it is this
double standard now the problem is that
this this is a serious story I mean it's
just like Benghazi was a serious story
just like the IRS was a serious story
all these things these terrible things
that are happening in our country these
assaults especially on the First
Amendment you know there was this
nuclear scientist on a ranch on Ron
Schara Amiri who was hanged the other
day they announced that they had hanged
him because he was a they they say he
was a US spy now there's no proof that
it was an email to Hillary Clinton on
her private server that gave him away
where this guy was referred to as our
friend in a in an open email on her
server but here is John Dickerson who I
basically think as a Democrat hack
asking Tom cotton Senator Tom cotton of
Arkansas about Donald Trump but first he
mentions the Amiri hanging and listen to
what cotton says and then listen to how
thickest in response and Iran announced
today that they executed a scientist who
they believe helped the United States
reveal news about its its nuclear
program let me ask you about Donald
Trump as president
have you gotten more or less confident
in his job and ability to handle the
commander-in-chief position since you
you endorsed him well John I know the
media is obsessed with Donald Trump I
mean I'm not gonna respond to every
single thing that Donald Trump has to
say or that Hillary Clinton says I'm not
gonna follow the back-and-forth and the
campaign trail what's ultimately going
to matter in the long term is not who
won or lost a week in the campaign but
whether the american paper people are
safe
you mentioned the Iranian scientist that
was recently executed now of course I'm
not going to
on what he may or may not have done for
the United States government but in the
emails that were on Hillary Clinton's
private server there were conversations
among her senior advisors about this
gentleman that goes to show just how
reckless and careless her decisions was
to put that kind of highly classified
information on a private server but I
think her judgment is not is not suited
to keep this country safe okay that's on
her judgment but since Donald Trump is
the nominee of your party and you spoke
at the convention about him you said
help is on the way when in the future if
Donald Trump is in the office of the
presidency do you think he has the
temperament to handle those lonely
decisions that a president makes so
never mind she got a guy killed maybe
but never mind that that's not what
about Donald Trump threw out a baby you
know Donald Trump said something nasty
which turns out not to the story turns
out to have been entirely untrue by the
way but but you know that that's the
thing that we're seeing I think we have
all even though we all know it's
happening we have all gotten acclimated
to the horribleness of the Obama
administration with its you know shut
you down through the IRS and the
horribleness of Hillary Clinton with our
open attacks on the First Amendment and
people like Hannity and Stevens these
two sides of our party this elite side
and this rank-and-file side are gonna
have to start talking to each other stop
calling each other names if we're going
to rebuild some kind of coalition that
can stop these people it's not gonna
happen with Donald Trump it doesn't look
like but but the next time there's going
to be more elections one can hope and
you know we want to get together we've
got to stop calling each other names
it's absurd and start to think about how
we rebuild a somewhat right-wing
coalition all right let's talk about
stuff I like I went to the Getty Museum
and I was walking I took a kind of quick
tour through the painting galleries and
the painting gallery start with you know
just before the Renaissance basically
and they go through the moderns
I guess they end with the Impressionists
about and I was looking at it and you
could just see the entire history of
Western culture in the arts it starts
out with one picture after another of
the Virgin and Child and the crucifixion
and these are good paintings but they're
not great paintings they are a little
bit primitive but they are made as
objects of reverence they're made
as things to put in churches people can
go and pray before and they will remind
you of the mother and Chava all of us
and then you go into the next room as
you get into the next century
moving into the 16th century you start
to get this incredible explosion of
talent and perspective and and technique
and the subject matter branches out all
the biblical stories are being
beautifully rendered and also some
classical stories because they had
rediscovered the classic myths and all
this and this goes on until you start to
now see more classical stuff and some
average ordinary paintings of ordinary
life brilliantly rendered so that
they're no longer objects of reverence
are actually objects of art it's the
artist saying look what I can do look at
this look how brilliantly I've made this
and of course it gets to be a lot of sex
a lot less Virgin Mary a lot more naked
women you know bathing by the pool and
all this stuff and it gets very very
sexy until the point where you're almost
looking at these things as erotic
objects and and yet the talent and the
skill becomes greater and greater and
greater and then it starts to dissolve
with the Impressionists who are
essentially painting paintings about
light paintings about painting that's
how that's what happens at the end of a
cycle of the arts the arts become about
themselves you know you see that in
movies when movies like Quentin
Tarantino movies or movies about movies
they're not really movies about life and
that's what happens as an art dies my so
I was looking at this and I was thinking
boy you can really see this culture
explode out of a few objects of
veneration into all life you know just
painting all of life and you can either
look at that you can look at that in one
of two ways you can look at it as the
church basically containing the human
impulse and it suddenly explodes like a
volcano and you can see this explosion
like some Freudian thing where the steam
has been pent up and now it explodes and
that's kind of the story we've been told
that's the story we've been told that
there were the Middle Ages when nothing
was happening and then there was the
Renaissance once things when things came
to life again I don't really believe
that's the true story I believe that
what you had is a thousand years fifteen
hundred years now it's about a thousand
years of the church training savages to
become human beings and that's a long
long job and what you're seeing is not
an explosion you're seeing a growth
you're seeing a seed of the church this
church kind of acts like
reliquary those things that they used to
contain the bones of saints it acts it
holds the classical tradition within it
it changes the classical tradition into
the image of Christ and that seed now
grows up into this enormous plant which
is further and further away from its
roots until finally it's really so far
away that nobody really even remembers
where it came from so I started to think
about and I thought about this a lot and
I've talked about it some what about the
the ways in which our culture is
constantly asking the questions that are
asked by the Gospels in new ways that we
can only really think in terms of
Christianity we don't know we're doing
it anymore but we're still doing it it's
not to say that other cultures don't ask
the same questions they don't always ask
the same questions but we have to look
at those questions in a certain way we
are that is are who we are that is the
tree that we grew up in we are shaped by
the Christian Church and so I'm just
going to look at three things each one
one a day of three subject matters and
how the arts deal with them in in in the
West the first is the subject matter of
truth and truth becomes a huge issue
when Jesus is brought before Pontius
Pilate and he says are you a king
Pontius Pilate says are you a king and
he says I came to speak the truth and
all who know the truth recognize my
voice and elsewhere in the Gospels Jesus
says I am the truth I am the truth he
says and Pilate responds because Pilate
is a sophisticated Roman he says what is
truth and that of course is the argument
that then continues throughout Western
culture what is truth is their objective
truth this is what Hamlet is about it's
what Hamlet what Shakespeare is writing
about in Hamlet I always maintain that
Hamlet is a Catholic writers take on the
Reformation that Hamlet comes from
Wittenberg which is where the he's
studying there which is where the
Reformation begins and he comes now he
can't decide what's the truth what's the
truth he makes this one speech this
famous speech about what a piece of work
is man let's take a look at that speech
and this is Hamlet talking about the
fact that because he's depressed
everything has changed I have of late
but wherefore I know not lost all my
mirth forgone all custom of exercises
and indeed it goes so heavily with my
disposition that this goodly frame the
earth seems to me a sterile promontory
this most excellent canopy the air look
you this brave o'erhanging firmament
this majestical roof fretted with golden
fire why it appeareth nothing to me but
a foul and pestilent congregation of
vapors what a piece of work is a man how
noble in reason how infinite in
faculties in form and moving how Express
and admirable in action how like an
angel in apprehension how like a god the
beauty of the world the paragon of
animals and yet to me
what is this quintessence of dust man
delights not me
so what Hamlet is saying is because he's
depressed the whole world has changed
everything has changed and how so how
can you know what the truth is my
brilliant son Spencer Clavin wrote an
excellent article about this in which he
points out that what Hamlet is talking
about is he's essentially repeating
Psalm eight which praises the wondrous
work of God but he's leaving God out of
it without God how can you find the
truth without God you become the arbiter
of truth and nothing is real and so the
stuff I like today is the film the
matrix in which literally the question
is asked how can you ever know what is
real here's Laurence Fishbourne as
Morpheus explaining to neo what how can
you know that anything is real The
Matrix is everywhere it is all around us
even now in this very room you can see
it when you look out your window or when
you turn on your television you can feel
it when you go to work when you go to
church when you pay your taxes it is the
world that has been pulled over your
eyes to blind you from the truth
what truth
that you are a slave neo like everyone
else you were born into bondage born
into a prison that you cannot smell or
taste or touch a prison for your mind
unfortunately no one can be told what
the matrix is you'd have to see it for
yourself and and how does neo break out
of the matrix he has to die and be
resurrected and if you remember the last
the third movie he's basically up there
with his arms out and stretched like
he's on the cross and sacrificing
himself and so that's another so the
truth that either the truth is a man who
is who brings the truth who speaks the
truth and who would die and sacrifices
himself for our freedom or there is no
truth or you're living as a slave and so
we're constantly asking these same
questions over and over again and
tomorrow a look at another another
subject that we deal with in Christian
terms without even knowing that we're
talking about Christianity be there I'm
Andrew flavin this is the Andrew Clavin
show I'll see you again tomorrow
