today we visit a wonderful new website
called transformation where love meets
social justice I know it sounds so
romantic doesn't it love meets social
justice like Harry meets Sally makes you
think of love meeting social justice at
a party or a dance and the two of them
running away together to form the kind
of relationship that ends with love
explaining to the police that social
justice didn't really mean to hurt her
he was just clowning around and things
got out of hand the article on the
website that caught my eye before I
could manage to remove my eye with a
rusty nail was called how to make love
revolutionary by Josephine headland
Hedlund is a polysexual feminist PhD
student who uses gender-neutral pronouns
so you know that reading her article is
going to improve your love life if
you're currently in a maximum security
prison bunking with a weightlifter named
Shiv now many of you probably think of
falling in love as that moment when you
find yourself magically attracted to
someone in an explosion of erotic
feeling that ultimately leads you to
long lasting spiritual friendship and
physical intimacy silly you according to
this article quote and these are all
real quotes it is obvious that this sort
of love actually works to uphold hetero
and sis normative patriarchal capitalist
and hierarchical structures in society
and if you are only attracted to able
mentally well successful cisgender
normatively beautiful slim people from
class privileged backgrounds and you are
also upholding violent norms instead we
should actively resist these norms by
challenging who and what we find
unattractive and uninteresting unquote
there you have the perfect leftist
recipe for romantic happiness force
yourself to sleep with a mentally
unbalanced unsuccessful boring ugly
person who isn't sure what sex they are
this works especially well of course if
you follow it up by saying gee honey I
was so drunk last night I don't remember
what happened but I'll call you no
really I'll call you very soon the
article goes on to say quote we should
actively promote more feminine and
feminist practices of love such as
caring scene and actively listening to
others on
whoa now my answer to this is sorry what
did you say something no no I was
listening by the way what's for lunch
the article ends by saying quote
rejecting standard notions of love goes
hand in hand with rejecting capitalism
unquote and of course what could be more
romantic than walking hand in hand with
rejecting capitalism watching rejecting
capitalism battery long eyelashes at you
and then having rejecting capitalism
leaned in close and whisper seductively
in your ear come away with me and we can
be poor and enslaved to an overweening
socialist state all at all I think we
can say that if you follow the advice on
the website transformation you can have
a romantic life just as great as any
bisexual feminist PhD student who sits
alone in a room day after day writing
her ideas for transforming love before
crying herself to sleep
trigger warning metric Lichtman this is
the Andrew Clavin show I feel bad making
fun of these people but I can't help
myself all right we have steven crowder
here today and we have a psychiatric
social worker i think sitting in the
wings and Austin has a tranquilizer gun
so we're safe everything and what else
is going on now oh I wanted to share
just a little bit just so it's just a
little good news about the Clavin this
weekend we are trembling on the brink of
the clave unless we can but this clave
this weekend will not be entirely clave
unless because Saturday in the Wall
Street Journal if you get the Wall
Street Journal you can look at the
review section and there is a review by
me of Ross Macdonald the famous
detective story writer and if you wrap
this around yourself it will protect you
from nuclear radiation which is coming
because it's the Clavin was weakened but
this will mitigate the Clayton was
weakened so you can read about Ross
Macdonald in the Wall Street Journal
review it's a good piece and an
interesting he's an interesting mystery
writer and finally just before we get
started we have to say get well to ben
shapiro what is this this guy's been out
two days
stop stop come back you know I will try
to be just a little bit more depressing
in this you know to fill the gap you
know because what anybody walking around
going I feel strangely happy you know
you get
married spend money and things like that
you know you don't want to do it all
right we're gonna bring on Steve in a
couple minutes but first I just want to
talk really quickly we've been talking
all this week about Donald Trump and now
you know the Republicans are fighting
with each other and they say there can
have an intervention but I have to just
take a moment to talk about this story
very complicated story that's in The
Wall Street Journal and it's going to
pass from the scene very quickly and so
I want to capture it for just a moment
in your attention about this payment to
Iran of four hundred million dollars in
foreign is a four hundred four hundred
million dollars in bills that they
dropped off in the dead of night in an
unmarked plane America our country sent
the $400 in bills in suis Swedish in
Swiss money and euros just brought this
unmarked planes dead of night got this
big you know tray of money and gave it
to him and they and the after this some
of our hostages were released from Iran
and the White House is saying no no no
there's no connection whatsoever so
basically what happened is there were
three negotiations going on with Iran at
once one was a prisoner swamp they had
some prisoners we had some prisoners and
we agreed to swap the prisoners but also
to stop asking for the extradition of
other prisoners this is a Wall Street
Journal uncovered this then at the same
time we had that Obama's stupid nuclear
deal to make sure that Iran gets nuclear
weapons with which to kill everybody in
sight that's the important one that
remember he says it's gonna stop them
from getting nuclear weapons but
meanwhile they're in Germany getting the
stuff that they need on under this deal
and the other was an old arms deal that
went bad when the Shah of Iran was
deposed in 1979 and so we owed them some
money for this deal to make up for the
fact that we weren't gonna give them the
weapons we were gonna give them the
money so that was settled in The Hague
in January
Obama comes out and says we've settled
this we're gonna pay them 1.7 billion
dollars in this settlement for this arms
deal which was a pretty good deal
actually that was that was okay and then
and so they and then they released these
hostages they didn't say the White House
and Obama didn't say a word about
dumping off this cache now this is
illegal we are not allowed to
have dollar transactions with Iran
because they're terrorists you know we
give them dollars they spend the dollars
on weapons then they kill us you know
we're not supposed to do that so what
they did with this is they took this
money and they send it to Switzerland
and Swiss changed it into euros and
Swiss money and we gave them that money
so that's supposed to make up for the
fact that we're not supposed to trade in
dollars but of course it doesn't that's
money laundering that's illegal you know
that's it's the same money and so now we
have the white house saying oh no no
this is not this is not a ransom note
you know we didn't pay ransom and of
course Mike Pence took off against the
Mike Pence and Trump went off there but
here's pence going after Hillary Clinton
and Barack Obama essentially put a price
tag on the head of every American
traveling abroad by turning over a cash
payment essentially a ransom payment for
America's held in Iran let me just say
we cannot have four more years
apologizing and accommodating our
enemies and abandoning our friends so
all I want to say about this is I mean
they're saying oh we didn't pay for the
hostages it just was a coincidence they
said it's a coincidence the timing is
completely coincidental that we we paid
these guys and then released but of
course Iran is saying oh it's ransom you
know they gave us the money and they
said and they even even our guys
admitted that Iran wanted something to
show for their people so that they knew
that Iran was going to say it was a
ransom so effectively effectively this
is a ransom now I just want to remind
you that during the Reagan era there was
this thing called the iran-contra deal
where we were not allowed to we we sold
we weren't allowed to sell arms to Iran
so the Reagan administration and they've
never proven that Reagan himself was
involved but they got Israel to sell
arms to Iran and then we replaced the
arms for Israel and then the money was
passed on to the anti-communist Contras
in Nicaragua which we also weren't
supposed to do this was a huge scandal
when leftist talk about Reagan that is
all they talk about and I just want you
to watch because this is basically the
same kind of thing you know there's you
can you can parse this and say well it's
different this way different that way
but this would be a major major scandal
if this was
Republican president if this were a
Republican president this is the all we
would ever hear about you know what the
New York Times headline was on this it
was Republicans seek to use Iran deal
you know it's like how they're using it
exactly you know you know about I don't
know maybe ten years ago maybe maybe a
little bit more The History Channel I
think it was ran a contest where people
voted for everybody's favorite president
and every day on AOL which I was still
on at the time they would show you the
remaining precedence as they narrowed it
down and they narrowed it down was right
on your front page every day you opened
your AOL thing and there was the list of
presidents got smaller and smaller and
smaller and smaller and I said you know
what it's gonna be Reagan and this thing
is gonna disappear and that's exactly
what happened and it vanished and so
then they were they had promised to do a
show about the winning president so they
did this angry nasty show about Reagan
with Matt Lauer all it was about was
iran-contra that was all not not
destroying the Soviet Union not bringing
the economy back nothing so all I just
want to say is pay attention to this
because they are going to let it slip
away
it's gonna vanish completely all right
let's bring on Crowder's he's here right
so you and you have the tranqs right
okay we're good listen Steve Crowder and
I he has one of the most popular
podcasts and podcast world he is one of
the funniest people I know he and I
worked together in at PJTV when we were
both kind of first starting to do this
stuff we work together at PJTV and I
remember meeting him and thinking
there's a man who seriously needs help
people ask you know what you know what
do we do around that the daily wire for
fun and of course that you know there's
the cocaine and the prostitutes and all
that but but aside from that you will
frequently find us gathered around a
computer watching Steve's latest videos
which are just hilarious you've got to
see this one
he does an imitation of Bob Ross
remember the old artist guy except he's
giving you the lesson and the lesson is
how to draw Mohammed and so here's just
a minute of steven crowder being bob
ross how to draw Mohammed let's draw
some trees for him I'm using a forest
green you could use it you could use a
military green because he was a warlord
killed lots of Christians and Jews
didn't like him very much
there we go just some foliage some trees
let's give some there on the other side
of Mohammed there let's get just a
little bit of green oh that's nice
see Mohammed was really clear that
should never hurt the trees the time of
war was very concerned with the plants
not so much with his wife so let's give
Ayesha a little bit of a black eye I
think that's her next step Mohammed of
course did strike a shoe but only
lightly causing her great pain let's put
black either I'm using mow you can use
violet you just want to make sure people
see the severe beating Ayesha took you
know what let's get our crimson red in
there give little six-year-old Ayesha a
student lover of fat lip that's
Muhammad's wife who he beat he's drawn
right there so you can see the left of
her
and there we go Aisha with that black
guy and a fat lip oh look at that
picture all right
you there crowder bring him a berry you
disgust me you describe him disgusted to
have you oh I came here wait
can't you yep
keep talking is he hearing me now how I
go check I'm Tina but no no no I got you
I got you okay watching it my producer
here not gauge air just he was watching
it because for people watching we can't
hear we can only see it and he just
turns to me goes that really was a
screwed-up video Miz the religion of
peace so I'm sure that they were just
just just laughed out loud they were so
happy to have you teasing them like that
right yeah well you know it's not it
seems still to me benign compared to
dressing up as Mohammed and beating my
six-year-old wife in a three students
routine you know I've done has been here
before
but they got really mad about it and
you're the one thing I wish is I don't
really do a Bob Ross an impression it
was an interpretation I have impressions
that are actually good and this is last
minute on the live show or like hey why
don't we just do Bob Ross drawing
Mohammed no one said yeah all right and
that's that's just all the thought that
went into it and Matt Garrett's brother
drew he was the actual one who drew that
he was doing it live with an iPad so
that's how he tricked who's wondering
how that I mean the minute you said
we're gonna learn today to draw Mohammed
Mike Mike Farhad hit the keyboard I just
started laughing
so you started you've now started an
incredible Twitter storm right because
this woman what's her name I had it
there oh yeah corn Gaines
it's suburban black I can't keep track
they're shooting all the time so she she
basically held off the cops with a
shotgun right they stopped her is that
that's the surgery they stopped off
Andrew you make it sound like she's like
it's like she's defending something she
can hold off cops okay there was a
warrant out for her arrest she was
harboring another fugitive who had a
warrant out for her arrest and she aimed
a loaded shotgun at police officers who
were simply trying to get her out
because she didn't appear for her court
date well she used her five-year-old as
a human shield and then said she was
going to kill them all at which point in
a surprising fatal turn of events no
it's like I can't imagine addressing an
officer's anything other than sir I'm
like hey officer I have a question for
you make sure they see my hands let
alone I cannot imagine sawed-off shotgun
 and well I just I just liked it in
your effort to to still the troubled
waters of our country you sent out you
know their people were saying cuz she
had her five-year-old son in her arms at
the same time and people were saying how
could you hold your child in your arms
and a shotgun so you sent out this tweet
with a doll let's show the
well yes consider us the Hardy Boys
because we were doing some investigative
reporting is it is it possible and then
the Twitter storm erupted where well
that's not nearly that's not nearly as
big as a five year old racist okay but
that's a fair criticism for accuracy not
gay Jared your producer that's not
really a shotgun no you're right it's
actually a long-form Ozzie with the
stock okay so we've ignored loaded
shotgun we've ignored a five year old in
her lap with police officers we've
ignored a three hour standoff we've
ignored the warrants we now acknowledge
that you could hold a long rifle and a
full-grown man in your arm at the same
time but it's not the same gauge of
caliber this is a valid argument so
that's I mean that's the thing really
how bad was this one Twitter know how
bad you get it you know they call me a
racist and try and get me banned I don't
know they all bleed together at a
certain point Andrew it's like well I
get it it's controversial okay you were
you were poking fun at a situation where
a woman died that's racist okay I get it
but it's like hey you also did a video
about why you don't like Hillary Clinton
that's racist it's like one of five year
old screams you don't know if they're
screaming because their arm got sawed
off by a wood chipper or they lost an
M&M it's the same screen certain point
you drowned how do you do is there
anywhere you would draw the line is
there I mean come on yeah you know
you're making fun of this poor woman
with her shotgun I'm all she had against
the police there the armed might the
armed might of the state you didn't even
mention the license plate she had they
had the license plate if you had no
license plate on her car and it said
don't stop me because this is my ticket
this car is my ticket to freedom
is gonna be in trouble I don't I don't
have any sympathy left to give like I
understand you know their stories of
calm okay Eric garner was an example the
cop was too rough
clearly wasn't ass what was the other
one Tamir rice right I was like oh that
looks bad until I found out that he was
aiming what looked like a loaded real
firearm at passers-by in a park so when
we've fallen on both sides of these but
I I don't I'm a white guy okay so I know
so hard on yourself I can't imagine
loading a shotgun aiming it at a cop
threatening to kill him and any other
scenario than me ending up dead here's
something else you're just a bad mother
I remember we had a loose squirrel that
got in the house when I raised in
Montreal what was the first thing my
parents did they put me in my bedroom
and closed the door because I didn't
want us to get rabies from a loose
squirrel she's holding a five year old
with a loaded shotgun in a cup so Jean
King was actually tweeted this out
anyone who's the human shield narrative
should immediately bill they looked at
with white supremacist suspicion so I
mean he's a white guy by the way and
then I'm thinking well she did use it as
a human shield what would you call that
what a parent would hold a five-year-old
look in the face of a standoff what I
liked was the indignation I mean I
turned on the TV and there's all these
like BLM types going like you know this
has got to stop and I thought what
what's got to stop shooting people who
are shooting at you with you know where
what is it what are we what we
protesting exactly it's like I'm falling
behind excuse me I didn't pardon my
whiteness but I fallen behind what do we
protesting I mean imagine you like a cop
says hey Andrew hey sir you just
jaywalked and you just pull out a nine
sideways and they pull out the worst
examples because you could find some
examples where there obviously are
police officers who are who are abusing
their authority I get that I understand
that but but clearly it's not happening
that often they want you to believe it's
a pandemic you know to the level of SARS
like we had in Canada we're just kids
are being picked off by cops if that's
the case shouldn't it be easy to find
one example where someone is just
walking down the street shot for no
reason you know if you're using this
this is clearly the best example because
it kind of went quiet for a
for weeks cuz the you know the Muslims
got back in the headlines and they're
kind of always competing for that top
Top Billing
and they needed to trust this lady out
and I mean you know you always feel bad
because a life is lost but here's the
deal if you put someone else in a
situation where they could lose their
life you forfeit your right to live
that's just the reality especially if
it's a card game yeah of course if it's
a cup but even it's not a cop right if
you physically assault someone at random
the knockout game if you're mugging
someone with what's actually a fake gun
in your shirt you forfeited your right
to live because you've put that person
in a situation or they have to protect
their life in I don't know why that's
lost on a lot of people let me ask you
this you know you and I both kind of say
whatever we want
I'm a much nicer person than you so I
don't get in as much much trouble yeah
but but you you know is it I never I
never felt under true assault full
assault and still until I started going
after Donald Trump now do you find do
you find that the attacks you get from
the left because you're also a not happy
you know you're not a Trump Trump guy so
no of course you find the attacks you
better or worse than the Trump yeah the
Muslims are the worst by far I will say
this most of the Muslims Trump voters
are very bad first they blow you up and
then they they try to get you audited
you know I would say as far as trying to
destroy a career you know liberals they
hate you it doesn't really but you know
conservatives we've talked about this
where I was getting threatened from
consuming conservative websites or
enterprises saying if you don't get in
line and here's the deal listen I
understand I think you've said this to
it we have Glenn Beck on the show
tonight
I've openly said I don't know exactly
what I'm going to do yet I understand
people saying in the face of Hillary
Clinton I've got a vote Donald Trump I
think that's a perfectly tenable
position yeah I also think it's
reasonable for someone to say you know
what I just I can't in clear conscience
do this I've not seen people who don't
like Donald Trump not nearly as many I
should say using a man as a litmus test
whereas in the Trump people you bet
/ and kiss the ring of this man or
you're a and I do this is something
for me that is I have plenty of respect
for people who vote for Donald Trump
some of them who aren't conservative
just say you know what I just want
someone other than a Democrat now this
is our chance at winning I'm willing to
compromise that's also very reasonable
but I think what it comes down to is I
have some people in mind I won't name
names but I know some people who've done
these things right you have to ask
yourself would you have ever flopped on
socialized health care would you have
ever stood idly by while a Ted Cruz's
wife was insulted and his dad was
insinuated in an assassination would you
have ever supported increased taxation
would you have ever supported increased
spying on American citizens would you
have ever supported someone like Putin
and found yourself in his camp if not
for one man would you have changed the
transformative soul penetrative
character based decisions if not for one
man and if someone has changed on all of
those that's where my respect starts to
dwindle yeah it is the problem following
people instead of principles that is the
problem so I watched you you know we met
at PJTV I think you were what 10 15
years old something like that and you
went you were on Fox News for a while
which was always kind of painful to
watch you weren't exactly they didn't
say they didn't say run free friends D
but what does it drive you crazy at all
when you look at every late-night
comedian every single one you know
Trevor Noah and Stephen Colbert and
Samantha bee first of all not funny I
mean there's not a laugh to be at you
know like a laugh is like that you know
the eye that those three women used to
pass between
Seth Meyers I think can be very can be
completely funny yeah but he's clearly a
wing of the DNC the guy goes to cocktail
parties with Hillary but yeah the ones
you mentioned I find Samantha be
aggressively unfunny she is aggressively
unfunny and they all do the same thing
where they think if they use the f-word
that suddenly they're really not really
make some make some real you I mean you
kind of did that joke in the last video
either about the Young Turks but yeah
but does that drive you crazy I mean
here you are doing some of the funniest
stuff on the internet and like you know
that's that door is basically shut to
you well thanks for
enjoy the show because this is basically
as far as you're going used to because I
remember Fox they were grooming me for
something and they set me up with the
guy who created the Mike Douglas show oh
boy Steve Allen show really cutting kids
who are like like six years old that's
Old Testament Abraham
oh there's really no place for someone
like me it used to bother me more than
it does now because you know the numbers
don't lie a lot of those people you
mentioned I mean they have many many
many I mean of tens of millions of
dollars and then when it goes online
they can't put the place together I mean
I've been attacked personally by some of
these people with shows and you know
they cruise no your online your hacks
okay but these people also are trying to
be online right they're seeing it as an
adjunct to their TV thing and they can't
make it work so as it becomes less
relevant it bothers me less and less and
someone who inspired me a lot with what
that was Joe Rogan I mean Joe Rogan had
Fear Factor
drogon as the UFC German doesn't need to
work another day in his life and he
started creating his own saying and it's
pretty low Phi it's people having a
conversation but him and I talked about
it and I said well you know what this is
really changing and here's something I
think is important people used to watch
Noah sponsored the Colgate hour their TV
was really broadcasting and then they
would sit down at the dinner table and
have conversations with their with their
family well they're not having the
dinner table conversation anymore and so
that's sort of this is this this
phenomenon of podcasting where people
want their entertainment to feel more
intimate to feel more conversational
which is the opposite of when we were at
PJ TV YouTube was still relatively new
when I was like keep it short keep it
short sometimes you want to do that but
if you're going to do a video that's
more than 30 minutes people don't want
em this happened with Corin games I
guess that's the last time she'll lauder
show very conversational
so it used to bother me honestly it
really doesn't anymore because we're
able to do it and I'm able to employ
people like like not gay Jared but for
the rest of the remainder of the day and
that is amazing because otherwise the
guy would be on the street I mean you'd
look at him he's it's beautiful you know
it is yeah no one but no one buys that I
mean listen you know I fulfill my legal
obligations he's not gay all right so
where's Earl our with Crowder where do
we find you where does everybody flock
to see you yeah louder with Crider calm
and unlike that crappy plug dr. drew
once game he's like that's a louder
spelled with a W but he'd already set my
mic off it's like they clearly have no
right okay before I go I had a guy
introduce me in gosh were you it was at
Wyoming
it was Wyoming and there was less time I
got a speeding ticket because you know I
was I was leaving Wyoming and I had a
gig and I swear to you the guy read from
Wikipedia and it was like one of those
days where people change Wikipedia all
the time and I said like Crowder's a
or something steven crowder is so
conservative that he was fired he read
this out loud and I went up I said don't
like why would you I gave you what to
read so anyway so I preached other an
Andrew Clavin for those watching has
been he's been he's pretty good to me
that's when I was at PG TV and I was
unilaterally hated understood that I was
just doing my thing I know I know it's a
strange thing we should have really just
taken out in the parking lot and beating
the crap out
it was like Bill okay
you're popular right he's like yes my
people like you like okay so I'm willing
to do a fake hidden camera GoPro right
where I squirt you with a flower and I'm
like all I'm doing is messing with bill
it's gonna be a segment called messing
with Bill people like you they know who
you are should be funny you know this
intellectual and then we went to get
know together we really bonded but well
I I actually do remain fairly fond of
you as against my better judgment and I
love your show your show is terrific
louder with brother all right it's good
to see you I know now I'm exhausted we
always end what Facebook we're saying
goodbye to face we got one minute left
come on give show some mercy look
they're they're clean look at them
they're clinging to their computers well
I wanted to talk some more about culture
but you know I just like I like talking
to Crowder's like we like to end with
some music here is the only piece of
good music that ever rode you know I
mean I actually like the Phantom of the
Opera because it's overblown and gothic
and it's supposed to be but most of his
stuff is overblown however he wrote this
piece PA yaesu which means merciful
Jesus and you know it's a piece that
many people have written musical
settings too but he wrote this and it's
so beautiful so we're gonna go out with
that it's sung by this woman who is
named sisal from Norway she's just glad
she has a last name but I can't
pronounce it anyway the so they just got
no they can't pronounce it it's not just
me they can't pronounce it so we're
gonna end with that I'm Andrew Clavin
this is the Andrew Clavin show hunker
down for the Clavin last weekend read
The Wall Street Journal on Saturday I'm
in there and we will see you next week
