on Thursday night after an interminable
speech by boring young Chelsea Clinton
introducing her boring old mother
Hillary Clinton Hillary finally took to
the stage she wore all white like an
angel like a sinked like an erased
server and she proceeded to talk and
talk and talk for 57 interminable
minutes the grating old crones spake
nonsense into the gaping ears of a
gullible media she spoon fed them lies
about policy she dropped phrases so
hackneyed they ought to have been
roasted over an open fire still the
media cheered no matter that the Bernie
bros made trouble throughout ranting
against her no matter that at certain
points Hillary's face turned bilbo
baggins yearning after Frodo's ring the
media like Samwise Gamgee would try to
carry her over the finish line but she's
simply too heavy for any mortal to bear
her candidacy is an albatross a
millstone the speech wasn't just boring
it was ear cancer it was Ebola of the
cochlea she said nothing and she said it
badly one thing is clear Chelsea Clinton
clearly got moms gift of gab perhaps the
only memorable moments were these
Hillary attempting to look lifelike
instead reciting her speech with the
robotic uncanny valley creepiness switch
we've all become too custom Bernie
Sanders nearly weeping when Hillary
name-checked him his face actually
changed momentarily as he grinned the
mirthless grin of pure unadulterated
rage hillary glaring at the audience
that refused to accept her seizure of
the iron throne bill glancing around
dazed and happy at the thought that
perhaps just maybe hillary would be out
of the house for another four years
hillary talking of glass ceilings
forgetting nobody thinks she got where
she is legitimately the media furiously
pleasuring itself to the pleasant tones
of Hillary's rocks in the garbage
disposal delivery and Hillary cackling
at her own wit the soul-sucking giggle
of the Damned this won't help Hillary
much at least how could it at least half
her allies died of old age in the middle
of a speech prematurely aged by the sour
lemon oratory the ratings for the speech
must be great before viewers died they
forgot to turn the channel but no matter
there are three more months of his
horror somewhere Mitt Romney weeps he
didn't have the courage to jump into the
race similar Gary Johnson feels a
momentary pang of hope which he then
quickly snuffed out with a blunt
somewhere the American people the people
who aren't convinced in their politics
by Katy Perry or another rendition of
the terrible fight song think about the
end this is the political apocalypse and
we're only just getting started happy
Monday gang I'm
Shapiro's this is the Ben Shapiro show
to demonize people who don't care about
your feelings so first of all we want to
thank our sponsor ring.com so I have
ringed on I have one of these ring
devices on my on the gate at my house
and it's fantastic the way this thing
works is that when somebody rings your
doorbell you can actually set it for
motion sensor if somebody even walks up
to your doorbell then suddenly the
camera goes on and you can check your
cell phone you can see who's approaching
your house and this is important because
most of the burglaries that happen in
the United States there's a burglary
like every 13 seconds most of the
burglaries happen in broad daylight with
a burglar ringing a doorbell to see if
you're home and then breaking into your
house
well ring video doorbell they don't know
that you're not home because it rings
directly to your phone and you can talk
directly to them and you can tell who's
there so they're on tape ring uses their
advanced motion detection technology to
protect your entire property they have
something called the ring of security
kit which includes that ring video
doorbell for the front door and a ring
snip stick up cam which is a wireless
weatherproof HD camera which keeps an
eye on all the other parts of your
property ring video doorbell and sting
up cam they both install in minutes I've
installed them myself I have this at my
house my wife loves it I love it it's
great I mean my wife can tell while
she's at work she's resident at a local
hospital she can tell who's at home she
can tell if somebody is trying to break
into the house she can tell all that and
call the cops it's a really really great
device ringing comm / Ben to find it and
my listeners do get fifty dollars off
that ring of security kid it's a great
deal it's so good that I'm actually
getting a second one I've actually
bought devices from ring.com I get free
stuff from them because they're an
advertiser I've gone out and bought
additional stuff for myself because I
think it's such a great product it's
ring calm / Ben make sure you have the
/ban there so they know that we sent you
the rings a comm / Ben for $50 off
that's ring comm / Ben ok so one of the
problems we have here on this show is
that there are no Friday programs we're
gonna have to start doing that in the
near future because too much has been
happening on Thursday nights last
Thursday night don't worry we'll get to
Donald Trump in the hole and the whole
Kaiser Cohn thing and we'll get to
Hillary Clinton in a life she told on
the sunday shows will get to me being
banned from DePaul University basically
it's just another day ending and why
when all this crap goes on but let's
start off the day by rehashing what
happened last Thursday night because
that leads into the whole story so
finally the Democrats have their
triumphant moment they have their
triumphant moment in the Sun Hilary
after decades of lusting after the
presidency like Gollum lusting after the
ring Hilary finally got her grubby hands
on it all she had to do was was somehow
survive for 7,000 years and sucked the
lifeblood of 324 virgins in order to get
there Chelsea Clinton was the one who
introduced mommy and let's just put it
this way Chelsea Clinton definitely did
not get daddy's gift of gab
Hillary definitely has the dominant
genetics here I'm here as a proud
American a proud Democrat a proud mother
and tonight in particular a very very
proud daughter can't quite believe it
but our daughter Charlotte is nearly two
years old she loves Elmo she loves
blueberries and above all she loves
facetiming with Grandma B about to walk
onstage for a debate or a speech it just
doesn't matter
she'll drop everything for a few minutes
of blowing kisses and reading chugga
chugga choo choo with her granddaughter
okay so Hillary she goes Chelsea goes on
like this for almost seven hours and
then finally she introduces her mother I
thought it occurred to me as she was
speaking that maybe this was actually a
brilliant move by the Clinton campaign
they found the one woman who's more
boring than Hillary Clinton to lead off
so that Hillary looked good by contrast
and then Hillary steps up and Hillary
gives her speech and it is just awful I
mean awful awful it is so bad so here
was Hillary leading off and it was it
was not good first of all she came in
wearing Christian Bale's outfit from
equilibrium and then she started talking
and it was just I mean it made you want
to put your head in the oven and turn it
up to full Heat
that amazing welcome
thank you all for the great convention
that we've had
chelsey thank you
I am so proud to be your mother and so
proud of the woman you've become
I love bills face right now thank you
Steve our family and Charlene Eden into
the world and Bill that conversation we
started in the law library 45 years ago
it's hilarious
it is still going strong
okay see the reason that people start
chanting failure here the reason people
start chanting hilary's because the
Bernie people are booing her and this
happened throughout the convention the
media didn't cover this at all well get
to the media coverage of this in just a
second the media thought this was the
greatest speech that ever happened
mainly because like Phineas Gage they
took a poll through the frontal from
prefrontal cortex and there's the famous
story about Phineas Gage this guy who
worked on a railroad and he was just
walking around one day and there was an
industrial accident and he took a pole
through the eye and through his brain
and it totally changed his personality
the media have done that with Hillary
Clinton they have forcibly inserted a
pole through their eye and into their
brain so they don't have to see what's
actually going on so this never happened
the people booing Hillary Clinton never
happened and you want to see how bad
things were here was Hillary Clinton
thanking Bernie Sanders watch Bernie
Sanders his face be cut as it is hi
freakin larious and I want to thank
Bernie Sanders
my happiness behind my eyes
Burnie
Berni your campaign inspired millions of
Americans particularly the young people
who through their hearts and souls into
our primary
you put economic and social justice
issues
front and center where they belong
and to all of your supporters here and
around the country I want you to know
I've heard you your cause is our cause
these are
in the middle party enthusiastically
country needs your ideas energy and
passion that is the only way we can turn
our progressive platform into real
change for America and Bernie Sanders is
looking there like he wants to vault
onto the stage using his cane and beat
her to death with it I mean if you can't
see the visual folks he looks horrible I
mean he looks angry he looks like you
stole my primary and now I'm going to
come and I'm going to kill you with this
Walker I will take the tennis balls off
the bottom and I will beat you to death
with it that's what he looks like and
Hillary continues along these lines and
it's just it's just terrible so I don't
wanna believe belabor the planks it
happened last Thursday suffice it to say
that it was so bad that Bill Clinton
legitimately fell asleep in the middle
of this crap show speech it was an awful
suite here's Bill Clinton falling asleep
legitimately falling asleep in the
middle of the speech and look at Tim
Kaine who's the vice president sitting
next to a vice presidential candidate
sitting next to Bill he realizes the
cameras are on bill and you'll see him
attempt to swivel his body to block the
camera angle so that people can't see
bill snoozing away at his wife and Bill
hasn't been interested in anything
Hillary has to provide for at least 35
years
I'll disrupt their efforts on line to
reach and radicalize young people in our
country it won't be easy or quick but
make no mistake we will prevail now
Donald Trump
Donald Trump says bill is out pills like
I don't care I've been here before I
don't care I'm gonna get nailed either
way what do I care just sitting here
watching this horrible woman what is my
life become okay so the media ignore the
fact that number one the Bernie brothers
were making all sorts of trouble and
then ignore the fact that bill is
falling asleep and they ignore the fact
that Hillary is legitimately one of the
worst speakers in the history of America
the fact is and she was a better speaker
thirty years ago she's like Arnold
Schwarzenegger somehow Arnold
Schwarzenegger's accent got worse over
the course of being in America for the
last four decades Hillary Clinton
speaking style actually got worse over
the course of the last four decades now
it's like her brain has been entirely
taken over like cyborg she's in a
constant battle with her own mechanical
brain and now it's completely taken over
her actual her actual biological side
and so she's incapable of speaking
interestingly so that does matter in the
media they have the Phineas Gage problem
the pole is through their eye and out
the back of their head and so here is
Chris Mavi okay stay talking about
Democrats it's a beautiful job Emily oh
I love it hell it could not thrilled
right up a backside go please let go
he's pretty emotional I have to tell you
I think John absorbs the best thing that
ever had been a Democratic Party
what do we do I don't know do I really
love America these people they love
America Trump does like America pretend
we love America all of a sudden they
love America for the first time a
laughing come here I fail a show you
know this set talk about the flag it's
great it's great something good is
upsurge of patriotism I know why I know
what it is what's he doing here who
knows I'm hungry
let's go away so see it but it's it's
the entire media they all lose their
minds the CBS fawns over Chelsea Clinton
now she'll remember Chelsea Clinton is
so untalented a person her parents have
gotten her everything she was
legitimately hired at like a million
dollar salary by and he was ABC News to
be a reporter and they paid her not to
be on-air because she's so terrible on
air didn't stop CBS from fawning over
her at 36 Chelsea Clinton is one of the
campaign's most valuable asset all she's
been on the trail with her parents since
she was two
Clinton has been a strong presence on
the trail but during tonight's speech
Chelsea will leave the policy behind and
get personal in 1998 with her parents
mired in the Lewinsky scandal
Chelsea became a political force of her
own walking hand-in-hand and humanizing
one of their confidence
Chelsea's children Fortuna I can't I
can't I can't okay so her parents used
her as a political tool and now she's
special the media continue to lose their
mind over Hillary here's CNN praising
the political genius of Hillary Clinton
again I didn't want to show you that
much of Hillary Clinton's speech mainly
because it makes you want to stab out
your own eyes
like find a ballpoint pen and you shove
it right through your eye into your
brain that's what it makes you want to
do because it's so bad I had to watch
this thing I was on the East Coast cuz I
was speaking at a young America's
Foundation event
and I was up really late and I was
thinking to myself if this thing goes on
another hour I'm gonna have to drown
myself I'm gonna have to go into the
bathroom I'm gonna have to fill up the
bathtub and open my veins like like
Frank Pentangeli
in godfather 2 okay here is here is CNN
losing its mind over Hillary she
answered the question of why and she
also was most passionate to David's
point again on going after Donald Trump
case by case issue by issue on his
temperament on his worldview on the fact
that she is a unifier on this notion of
American Exceptionalist
exceptionalism I think here the
Democrats got handed the baton after the
Republican convention and what we've
seen for the past four days culminating
in this speech is that they ran with it
just magnificent look at this speech you
actually see the impact positively of
every one of these sort of movements of
these young people you see the black
lives matter impact you see the Sanders
supporter impact you see the young
dreamers impact the fight for 15 impact
the climate solutions impact the LGBTQ
impact even Occupy Wall Street all the
things menaced on TV telling us how how
Heller is a unifier which is very very
excessive media and needless to say they
lose their minds for Hillary this
demonstrates one thing obviously we all
knew this the media are in the tank for
Hillary this has been true since the
very beginning and so I want to make a
quick note to our democratic friends for
all the Democrats out there who today
and we're gonna get to Donald Trump at
his foibles over the weekend because
Donald Trump can't help himself we'll
get to that in a second but just quick
note to our Democratic friends for all
you folks out there all you Democrats
we're out there saying chortling at
these Republicans supporting Donald
Trump Donald Trump Donald Trump was an
aberration okay Donald Trump was
supposed to be an aberration he was
supposed to be a 100-year aberration you
guys planned this you wanted it you
wanted Hillary Clinton on that wall you
needed Hillary Clinton on that wall you
begged for Hillary Clinton and she is
just as corrupt she's just as nasty
she's just as vicious she's just as
unstable not maybe not quite as unstable
pretty unstable hillary clinton is a
crap show Hillary Clinton is a disaster
and you wanted it okay there
publicans like me who don't back Trump
but in the like Trump who under stop
Trump the Democrats rigs their own
system to stop Bernie Sanders so they
could get that so don't you guys start
whining about your your moral
superiority you have none you wanted
this okay Republicans maybe reluctantly
supporting from people like Paul Ryan
and Mitch McConnell you guys are sitting
in line to give Hillary Clinton buttock
massages so you didn't get to sit around
telling us about moral superiority okay
well there's lots more to come here on
the bench Piro show but that brings us
to the end of our Facebook live if you
want to watch more go to daily wired.com
and subscribe
daily wired.com is where you can see it
it's eight bucks a month and you're
gonna want to check it out because it is
great and I mean honestly if you can't
afford $8 a month I don't even know what
you're doing sitting around watching
this right now or listening to it go out
and work I mean come on so if it's eight
dollars daily wire.com and check us out
of course at iTunes or SoundCloud we are
the number one conservative podcast in
the nation so check it out check it out
and and tell all your friends
well that Cowabunga brings us to Donald
Trump so Donald Trump over the weekend
instead of just letting Hillary kind of
sit there and be Donald Trump Donald I
don't know if he was dropped on his head
as a baby or what the story is but
Donald Trump simply cannot help himself
because Donald Trump whenever he is
poked he feels the need to punch and
that may be admirable in certain
circumstances but the problem is when
you're poked by a puppy it's not a good
idea to punch the puppy so over the
course of the DNC Trump was poked by a
puppy now I don't mean to say that the
the Khan family are harmless in terms of
Trump's campaign they aren't I don't
mean to say that that Trump doesn't have
a right to be ticked he does what I am
saying is that politically speaking
there are things that I like to call
puppies right political characters
political causes that you just don't
touch because it's stupid you forget
about it moral because it what he does
here is immoral but but it's also just
dumb it's also just dumb you have to
have been clocked on the head as very
young child by moving truck in order to
do these sorts of things so to back up
for a second we talked about this a
little bit last week this family called
the cons the mother and father they get
up on stage or Muslim family and they're
talking about their son who was killed
in Iraq in 2004 as a captain in the army
and he was killed in Iraq in 2004 and
here's what the one who's speaking his
name is Kaiser Khan here's what he had
to say Donald Trump you're asking
Americans to trust you with their future
let me ask you have you even read the
United States Constitution
I will
I will gladly lend you
my coffee look for the words liberty and
equal protection of law have you ever
been to Arlington Cemetery go look at
the graves of brave Patriots who died
defending United States of America
you'll see all faiths genders and
ethnicities you have sacrificed nothing
okay so here are them so he does this
routine right and as I said last week
there are a couple of things to note one
is you can trip on gold star families
right you never rip on gold star
families because if you do it's dumb
number two this kind of chickenhawk
argument that if you haven't lost
somebody in the military you don't get
to speak about policy it's actually an
unamerican argument because we have
civilian control of the military here if
you aren't military members by the way
to vote on policy the plurality of
military members by every available poll
support trump and the fact is that if
you wanted the military just voting
republicans would be the only people
elected so this doesn't really wash it
doesn't really wash the idea okay we had
a son who died in the military and
therefore our prescribed policy is the
better policy that's that's a silly
argument that doesn't mean that he can't
make it it doesn't mean it's not an
effective emotional appeal but I want to
point something out so let's start for a
second with how you should respond to
stuff like this so if you remember all
the way back to 2005 you go back in the
Wayback Machine cindy sheehan was going
after george w bush and cindy sheehan
was making a fuss because her son had
died in iraq and she was saying the Iraq
war was bad and terrible and she was
camping out in Crawford Texas and George
W Bush responded and here's how George W
Bush responded this clip 36 I'm
referring to any grieving mother or
father no matter what their political
views may be you know part of my duty as
the president is to meet with those
who've lost a loved one and so you know
listen I sympathize with mrs. Sheehan
she feels strongly about her about her
position and I she has every right in
the world to say what she believes this
is a merit
because she has a right to her position
and I thought long and hard about her
position I've heard her position from
others which is get out of Iraq now and
it would be a it would be a mistake for
the security of this country and the
ability to lay the foundations for peace
in the long run if we were to do so but
no Steve I've met with a lot of families
and I have done my best bring comfort to
the families and honor to the loved one
and get different opinions when you meet
with moms and dads and sons and
daughters and and wives and husbands of
those who fall in one opinion I've come
away with universally is that you know
we should do everything we can to honor
the fallen okay I mean this is okay so
you stop it there what this is so that's
George W Bush circa 2005 it sort of
makes you miss the time when there was a
little bit of class in politics I mean
forget about the fact that he wasn't the
world's greatest president and he was a
good man and you can see it coming off
of him in ways that he's a good man I
mean this is his response to Cindy
Sheehan who's really going after him and
basically calling him a war criminal and
a war monger and accusing him of killing
her son the media by the way the fact
that Bush was classy did not stop the
media from being classless they ran 100
stories in network news time about Cindy
Sheehan and George W Bush even though
Bush was responding in this classy
fashion but this is how you should
respond right the way you respond to a
gold star family that disagrees with you
on policy no matter how hard they hit
you as you say I have nothing but
respect and admiration for gold star
families whose loved ones made the
ultimate sacrifice that doesn't change
my stance on policy and here's why I
think my policy is justified right
that's how you do this here's how Trump
does it because he's from all right a
nice right to me his wife if you look at
his wife she was standing there she had
nothing to say she probably maybe she
wasn't allowed to have anything to say
you tell me but plenty of people have
written that okay plenty of people have
written that so now he's implying with
the wife who's standing there what I
love about this is that he doesn't
attack the father who's saying this
stuff
he goes to the lady who's just standing
her in the background he says Trump is
so undirected that he just Flay
his fists in every possible direction
Hey look there's the wife she's just
standing there I'll punch her and say
says she's just standing there because
maybe Islam the implication is Islam is
sexist radical Islam is sexist by the
way but that's not the implication here
I mean I'm not getting that from these
these parents per se I don't have any
evidence of that so I'm not gonna make
that accusation he's sitting there and
goes how plenty of people have written
maybe she was just standing there
because she's not allowed to talk you
know because she's a Muslim great great
genius move there Donald genius move
politically morally just a wonderful
wonderful move you ignorant stupid you
Jane you ignorant I mean it's just
it's it's so it's just so stupid all the
way across the board then the stupidity
doesn't stop there so the Khan family
said Trump hasn't sacrificed any sense
anything so what proper response is is
look the cons are right I haven't made a
sacrifice like they've made I haven't
make a Sat made a sacrifice like their
son made and I'm eternally grateful for
the sacrifice of anybody in uniform who
dies too who dies in from the country my
end of story
here is Trump's mildly mildly
disassociative response he said you have
sacrificed nothing and no one
well that sounds who wrote that did
Hillary's script writers write it how
would you answer that father what
sacrifice have you made for your country
I think I made a lot of sacrifices I
worked very very hard I've created
thousands and thousands of jobs tens of
thousands of jobs
I think replaces oh sure I think those
sacrifices he's so stupid so I forget
about whether you like him you want to
vote from vote from vote from whatever I
don't care that's dumb okay it's stupid
yeah these are very easy answers this is
on par with Sarah Palin being asked what
newspapers she reads and she comes back
with nothing so the the cons naturally
decide to go on the attack now and the
media are featuring them the media love
it now the media would have gone after
trump on this stuff anyway but Trump
makes it easy for them right and this is
the part that I hate you have to expect
the media to be the media we can sit
here bitching and moaning about the
media all day we do it a lot right when
we just did it about their their
coverage of Hillary but in the end if
you're the candidate you have to deal
with the reality on the ground the
reality on the ground is that the media
are a bunch of leftist and they are out
to get you and that's why you have to be
smarter than this but Trump isn't he's
not more moral than this he's not
smarter than this and so this is how you
end up with
hi zircon back on TV saying that Donald
Trump has a black soul this person is
totally incapable of empathy I want his
family to counsel him teach him some
empathy he will be a better person if he
could become but he is a black soul and
this is totally unfit for the leadership
of this beautiful country the love and
affection that we have received affirms
that our beliefs our experience in this
country had been correct and positive
the world is receiving us like we have
never seen they have seen the blackness
of his character okay this is it's it's
effective stuff against Trump and Trump
is is foolish and so Trump walks right
into it because Trump can't help himself
he feels the need always to punch back
even if he's punching a puppy and that
has some pretty obvious political
ramifications and he's got a surrogates
doing it - now he's got people's trying
to try it out kind of research on the
Khan family suggested there's a piece
that's making the rounds and some of the
right-wing blogosphere the suggesting
that the Khan family are really
extremists there's even a piece
suggesting that the captain who died in
service to America is somehow
compromised that he might be a jihadi
this is from Walid Shoebat site and I
gotta say I mean this is this is gross
stuff you don't have evidence to prove
any of this stuff and the evidence that
you're trotting out right now is pretty
attenuated and even if it weren't even
if it weren't I mean unless you can
prove a dead American soldier is a
traitor which is a pretty heavy and
ridiculous allegation shut your face
I mean just shut up and the fact well
whatever he and his wife think whatever
they're the cons think politically
speaking it is not an effective or
useful tactic to attack them for their
background what is the point of that
their son died in Iraq and offense of
the United States and unless I can see
any evidence to the contrary it makes
you immoral to go out there trotting out
these stories I don't understand what
the purpose of this is I understand that
there are a bunch of steps there that I
wrote a piece this morning called seven
steps to defending Donald Trump and this
is why folks this is one of the reasons
why I'm not a trump defender okay
because I'm not going to spin or lie to
you I'm not going to pretend the Donald
Trump is being a genius when he's not
but there's always these steps from the
Trump team right so first it's Trump is
right he's fighting back everything he
says it's true okay even when it isn't
and then it
you're misconstruing Trump's words he
never said it that way he never meant it
that way how do you know what he meant
was that huzzah Lacan was incapable of
speaking because she was Muslim maybe he
just meant that she had had laryngitis
and they always do the misinterpretation
thing then they say that the victim
deserved it anyway so that's where we
are now right the Khan family had it
coming because the father wrote a paper
one time when he was back in in school
about Sharia law and he threw an it and
he threw a shout-out to a guy who's
associated with the Muslim Brotherhood
and then then you get to the it's six
dimensional chess routine right now now
we're gonna get the Trump is a genius
routine he's a wonderful genius
his brain is thrown like a bull right
he's a 6 dimensional chess genius and
now he's look how he shifted the
coverage of the media from Hillary's big
DNC to his fight with the gold star
family I'm sorry that's not six
dimensional chess that's you being
stupid enough to clock yourself in the
face of the frying pan and then you get
to he was betrayed right that's the next
step he was dragged into this
you've got Scotty Neil he's basically
saying that over the weekend that he was
dragged into this he didn't really mean
to step into it then you get the media's
biased against Trump true the media's
biased against Trump yes that's true and
that doesn't change the fact that Trump
said stupid things and finally you're
gonna get the stuff directed at people
like me if you say anything bad about
Trump then you're helping Hillary
right if you say anything terrible about
Trump then if you say anything
that'sthat's true about Trump then
you're you're undermining Trump and
you're helping Hillary okay it's not my
job to lie for Trump it's Trump's job
not to be an idiot it's my job to convey
to you my opinions and the truth I'm not
gonna lie for Donald Trump and by the
way I'm not lying for Hillary Iseman
first 20 minutes of this program bashing
Hillary Clinton for being a terrible
lying heron and I'm about to spend ten
minutes more doing it okay so so so I
have to say that Trump makes it very
difficult for people to defend him when
he does very stupid things now all this
said the left is chortling over all of
this Harry Reid came out today says why
doesn't Mitch McConnell just rescind his
endorsement you've got the Washington
Post today with the piece saying why
don't these Republicans just rescind
their endorsements now look I have an
endorsed Trump I don't plan to vote for
Trump the reason I'm not planning to
vote for Trump is specifically because
of all the things I just said the the
the attempt to turn the conservative
movement into a Donald Trump puppet
group where he's in the background with
his ham fingers trying to dictate what
we can and cannot say and telling us why
for him I'm not gonna be a part of that
I just won't do it right but but
all these Democrats are celebrating oh
why doesn't Paul Ryan's disassociate why
doesn't Mitch McConnell disassociate
again
you guys made Hilary happen you did okay
I didn't make Trump happen and I'm not
standing by him now
you guys made Hilary happen and you're
sitting there on your high horse
pretending that you have some sort of
moral superiority let me tell you about
the moral superiority of Hillary Clinton
so Hillary Clinton over the weekend
she's on Fox News Sunday and she's asked
about her emails here's Hillary
Clinton's answer about her email scandal
this would be clip this would be clip 21
FBI director James Comey said none of
those things that you told the American
public were true Chris that's not what I
heard director Comey say and I thank you
for giving me the opportunity to in my
view clarify director Comey said that my
answers were truthful and what I've said
is consistent with what I have told the
American people that there were
decisions discussed and made to classify
retro actively certain of the emails I
was communicating with over 300 people
in my emailing they certainly did not
believe and had no reason to believe
that what they were sending was
classified now in retrospect different
agencies come in and said well it should
have been but that's not what was
happening in real time okay so the
Washington Post looks at this and they
give this four Pinocchios because this
is a lie okaycome II didn't say that
this was truthful he said the opposite
he said that it's not true that her team
lied over and over glenn kessler who's
an ally of hillary clinton's he said
this is unjustifiable he said this is
ridiculous he says Clinton is
cherry-picking statements by Comey
to preserve her narrative about the
unusual setup of a private email server
this allows her to skate past the more
disturbing findings of the FBI
investigation and then he goes into a
long drawn-out analysis he says as we
have seen repeatedly in Clinton's
explanations of the email controversy
she relies on excessively technical and
legalistic answers to explain her
actions while Comey didn't did say there
was no evidence she lied to the FBI that
is not the same as saying she told the
truth to the American public which was
the point of Wallace's question Comey
has repeatedly not take
to stand on her public statements right
so in other words she's a liar she's a
brutal liar and Democrats have been
defending her and saying well look at
our person our person so much better
than yours no no she's definitely not
and then if you thought that ripped that
one Kansa dripping gold star families
was enough NoHo come on it was a weekend
in America the other candidate also has
to rip gold star families so Hillary
Clinton is asked about the Benghazi
families remember she lied to their
faces their bodies on the tarmac and she
comes to them and she says we're gonna
get the guy who did the YouTube video
the weds of this attack that's testified
to by two different members of gold star
families here's Hillary Clinton lying
about them my heart goes out to both of
them losing a child under any
circumstances especially in this case
two State Department employees
extraordinary men both of them two CIA
contractors gave their lives protecting
our country our values I understand the
grief and the incredible sense of loss
that can motivate that as other members
of families who lost loved ones have
said that's not what they heard I don't
hold any ill feeling for someone who in
that moment may not fully recall
everything that was or wasn't said okay
this is absurd this is absurd so she's
calling them liers by the way how much
media coverage was there of Hillary
calling gold star family members liars
none none so Trump rips a Muslim family
for gold star family members
end-of-the-world right all hell breaks
loose media coverage out the wazoo
Hillary does the same thing by the way
she's been telling this same lie about
gold star families now since 2002 2012
right so it's now been four years of
these lies and the media still refuse to
call her out on it so you Democrats you
don't get to claim moral superiority
here this is the lady you wanted okay I
didn't watch from I still don't want
Trump you want her to be President you
actively want her to be president you
stumped for her for 25 years covered
every scandal covered up for every
scandal she ever had lied about the
scandals you're lying about her scandals
now and
I'm the bad guy Republicans are the bad
guys the ones who are condemning Trump
even those who are voting for Trump are
condemning Trump today and we're the bad
guys
go screw yourselves gang I mean it's
just ridiculous
by the way Hillary is just as much of a
tyrant as Trump isn't much more in many
ways here is Hillary she just does it
with with instead of God coming with
with the open bloviating Mussolini style
Hillary slips in the ship here's Hillary
Clinton explaining that every right you
have is subject to reasonable
regulations the Second Amendment
includes an individual right to bear
rock yes but that right like every other
of our rights our First Amendment rights
every right that we have is open to and
even subject to reasonable regulations
okay so she every every single one is
subject to reason of course she doesn't
define reasonable regulations for her
that means every regulation is
reasonable and and wallis follows up he
asks her what's a reasonable regulation
she can't define it Hillary's awful
Hillary is awful all the way through but
don't worry the media are gonna cover
for her watch this joint read over on
MSNBC attacks a guest the guest says
that there are 33,000 missing Hilary
emails watch joy read go insane that's
what national security
you can't just invent things you can't
just invent a higher thing the FBI has
already come out with a report on
Hillary Clinton's emails what you just
said was an invented thing there's no
33,000 emails that are gonna harm our
national security then you know that
there was an entire yeah you can't make
things up not if you're going to invent
things okay you can savior I'm not going
to any residence but that's the I also
said note the healthy I am so man you
can't FBI also they know
she has not heard over and she didn't
overall the emails no I am NOT anything
you can't invent things she's not
inventing anything but the media is
inventing something right
what Comey actually said is 30,000
emails were deleted we have no way of
recovering any of them so or at least a
huge percentage of them so we don't know
what was in them we have no reason to
suspect it was something classified but
we have no clue okay which means that we
have no clue right so what she's saying
is right but the media are gonna cover
for Hillary no matter what and so you
say okay well if Hillary so terrible why
don't you vote for Trump and then you
get back to Trump so here's Donald Trump
on Ukraine I have my own ideas he's not
going into Ukraine okay just so you
understand he's not gonna go into
Ukraine all right you can mark it down
you can put it down you can take it
anyway sorry there's he's hearty thin
Trump doesn't of course glamour
pollutants already in Ukrainian vated in
annex Crimea and that wasn't and then I
love this I love this a trump surrogate
goes on CNN and says don't worry Russia
didn't actually seize Crimea so now
we're rewriting all the world events
it's pretty great issue at hand again
first of all you create a Russia did not
seize Crimea we could talk about the the
conflict that happened between Ukraine
and the Crimea it's ongoing conflict
rate but there was no seizure by Russia
that's an incorrect the correct
statement characterization of what
happened that is not an incorrect
statement they sent in military troops
to Crimea and seized it then there was a
referendum in which people voted to join
Russia and that wasn't the extent of
Donald Trump over the weekend he also
yelled at a fire marshal for no apparent
reason so a fire marshal apparently
saved Donald Trump from some sort of
elevator is he a Donald Trump got stuck
in an elevator and so Donald Trump
decided that he was very angry at the
fire marshal nonetheless so we have
thousands of people in a room next door
we have plenty of space here we have
thousands of people outside trying to
get in and we have a fire marshal that
said we can't allow more people
and it really is so unfair to the people
I'm so sorry and I have to apologize but
it's not my fault
I just came here but we have thousands
of beautiful wonderful great people
outside and we have in the room next
door over a thousand people that won't
let them in and the reason that won't
let them in is because they don't know
what the hell they're doing that's right
okay okay the fire marshal doesn't know
what the hell he's day just saved from
from an elevator he just saved him from
being stuck in an elevator and there's
Trumper thing the fire marshal I mean
it's just what a horrible horrible
election okay time for a thing I like
and then a and then a heaping helping of
things I hate so things I like because
I'm in apocalyptic mood this week we're
gonna do post apocalyptic literature so
over the weekend I read a very
depressing but good book called earth
abides as a sci-fi book this is
basically there's been some sort of
giant biological catastrophe and pretty
much all of life on Earth is wiped out
but there's a small community that
survives Georgia our Stewart considered
one of sort of the great sci-fi novels
of all time this one was written I
believe in 1949 but it didn't date it it
reads really really well and it is in
fact a good book earth abides it's a
little depressing but guess what most
post-apocalyptic books tend to be so
alright time for some things that I hate
so I have now been banned from DePaul
University I was informed of this by the
students last week they wanted to have
me speak there I had reached out to them
after Milo gianopolous spoke there and
there's all sorts of hubbub I had
reached out to the students at DePaul
University sort of back-channel and I
said to them look I don't really want to
be involved in this publicly but I'm
happy to get you guys a lawyer if you
need a lawyer because you want to see
the university for misusing your
security fees in all this I can hook you
up with the Alliance defending freedom
they do a really good job on this sort
of stuff so I hooked them up they came
back to me if you expect they said we'd
like to have you come and speak and I
said sure that sounds great so they've
applied to the University to have me
speak the university came back by saying
that they could not have me speak I was
just too terrible little old me I was
just too awful here's what they wrote
right what they actually wrote back is
they said given the experiences and
security concerns that some other
schools have had with ben shapiro
speaking on their campuses DePaul cannot
agree to allow him to speak on our
campus at this time they said that
D'Souza and christina hoff sommers could
come so in other words the way that this
works now is if i go and i speak
somewhere and leftist riot and the
administration can't control them I
can't speak anywhere anymore this is
called fascism gang when you have people
who are basically djinns up to come to
my speeches and then shut it down so
that other universities will say oh I
guess we can't have him speak there
imagine this in Reverse imagine that
were conservatives got so angry so angry
at President Obama speaking that they
showed up at a university and basically
shut down the campus you think that
other universities would withdraw their
invitations for President Obama or Eric
Holder or Michelle Obama or you know
columnist to the left you think they
would really do that of course not of
course not this is just an excuse not to
have me particularly because they don't
want me there because I stir up trouble
and by stirring up trouble I mean I go
there and I say things that a lot of
their lefty students don't like so don't
worry we're fighting it and by the way
if you would like to be part of that
fight you know I don't do this a lot on
the program but I'm happy to do it
the the University DePaul University the
Dean of Students email address if you
wish to email them and we get lots of
emails every day so I'm sure that
they're gonna be a lot of people who do
this sorry I'm just looking up their
email address really quickly so the
email address is what did you do sorry
it is an email politely okay don't be
rude I'm cursed be polite Dean of
Students at DePaul edu dep aul edu so
Dean of Students at DePaul edu and you
can let them know about your displeasure
and your feeling that this is a
violation of if not the First
Amendment's it's a private university at
least First Amendment principles okay
other things that I hate so everybody
over the weekend is making this big deal
out of this skydiver who jumped 25
thousand feet into a net he didn't have
a parachute here's what it looked like
okay and we're watching people fall
toward the ground from a large distance
now he's practicing the flip that's how
he'll half the land he'll have to land
on his back rank so he'll break his neck
so they're really enjoying their ride
and it keeps going thousand feet the
oxygen mass will come off that will be
from his cousin Andy Farrington the
closest to it there's only one guy here
who doesn't have a parachute by the way
it's indeed in the center there's no
parachute he's moving 150 miles an hour
toward the ground and he's just falling
and we're all watching the guy fall
through the sky and it's really amusing
and all the rest of it okay so he's
closer he's closer 12,000 feet hear a
beeping as hell okay so there he goes
yeah he's gonna keep falling for the
next like five minutes and I can't keep
narrating a guy following through the
sky okay fine so he's getting close to
the crowd now he's at 5,000 feet okay we
can stop it like right before he hits
the net all right so he okay now we can
play it gone he's in the red zone gang
there's no pull out now and he can see
that he's approaching the ground and
they're in green you can see a giant net
as he approaches the ground looking up
they have a visual on him right now
everybody can see this guy falling and
there he goes toward this giant net that
is suspended probably a hundred feet off
the ground
so everybody made a huge deal out of
this idiot jumping out of a plane into a
net let me just say this
the real reason everybody was watching
this is cuz they wanted him to miss okay
that's the real reason just the darkness
of human nature was that people were
watching this because they wanted to be
there if he missed cuz not great water
cooler conversation it's a five second
water cooler conversation this is just a
note about human nature okay the human
nature suggests that when you watch a
guy jump out of a plane from 25,000 feet
into a net there's a part of you deep
down inside that wants to watch the guy
miss the net right because otherwise why
would you watch a guy jump out of a
plane and doing that you wouldn't watch
him when he has a parachute would you
because you knew he'd be safe but
there's an element of risk here and so
I'm gonna rip on two things one human
nature okay that says that you want to
watch a guy jump out of a plane and onto
the ground which is horrifying and two I
want to point out that this is really
dumb like why would you possibly do
something like this why is this cool why
is this interesting why would you do
something deliberately dangerous and
stupid like don't you have a life don't
you have things that you have going on
in your life and I have the same problem
with it with the wallet meléndez you
know they're they're crossing like
people are watching them cross you know
line across the Grand Canyon I'm
thinking myself the only reason you're
really watching this is cuz you want to
see the guy fall huh alright because if
you knew that he was gonna make it to
the other side you don't even watch the
TiVo but I guarantee you that if you if
you know that he fell off everybody
watches that TiVo so people don't risk
your life in stupid ways it's really
dumb life is too valuable for that okay
final thing that I dislike so there are
a lot of people making a big deal out of
this video Malia Obama she was at
Lollapalooza and she was torquing her
rear and this is a this is a little bit
of the video somebody caught it from
Lollapalooza Malia Obama okay so she
came in so she's twerking and she's like
flipping up her robot okay she's 17
years old so number one I'm not a big
fan of this stuff in in the first place
like I don't know why you would send a
17 year old to a place by herself if
you're a responsible parent but they
sent her is it a big deal no it's not a
particularly big deal everyone is
everyone is basically saying the same
thing this is not a big deal don't make
a big deal out of it by contrast the
rest of the media is making an enormous
deal an enormous deal out of Miss Teen
USA so Miss Teen USA she was just
crowned Miss Teen USA and there's a big
controversy that is now
broken out because back in 2013 she had
a bunch of tweets in which she used the
n-word now she didn't use the n-word to
direct it at black people right she used
the n-word in the same way that rappers
use the n-word
right it's supposed to be like a cool
insider e thing
so I've objected to this for a long time
I thought I think it's stupid when black
people do it I think it's stupid when
white people do it it's a word with very
nasty meaning and the kind of attempt to
mainstream it into culture has the
predictable effect that stupid young
kids I mean in 2013 she's now what 17 so
in 2013 those three years ago she's 14
years old and now we're all you know hot
and bothered about a fourteen-year-old
using words that she heard in a rap song
I'm sorry I'm not gonna call her a
racist for using words that have no
context with black people when the
entire culture pretends that it's okay
to use these words so long as you listen
to rap music it's really stupid here's
what she wrote she wrote several years
ago I had many personal struggles and
found myself in a place that is not
representative of Who I am as a person I
admit I've used language publicly in the
past I'm not proud of there's no excuse
for through hard work education and
thanks in large parts of the sisterhood
I've come to know through pageants I'm
proud to say I'm a better person okay
good now listen I'm glad she apologized
I'm glad that she's moved on beyond that
sort of silliness I will say that I
think that it's negative when a culture
presses kids to do stupid things and
then we're shocked when kids do stupid
things whether it's twerking or whether
it's using the n-word because you listen
to certain types of music I think it's
gross don't just teach your kids not to
do stupid things and they won't do
stupid things
okay we're adding a quick section
because every so often I rarely rarely
make a mistake here on the bench Shapiro
show but every so often I do make a
mistake and so last week I made a
mistake I was I was trying to be smart
and make a mathematical reference and
naturally I screwed it up which serves
me right and I said that imaginary
numbers are when you divide by zero no
that's a null solution an imaginary
number is is is a square root of a
negative and thank you for all 300 of
you who emailed me about that I really
appreciate the nice thing is that I have
an audience that actually appreciates
when I get those things wrong so I
appreciate that if I missed anything
this show email me we're gonna start
doing a correction section because I
would like our record to be unblemished
as far as humanly possible okay so we
will be back tomorrow with the latest
fallout from the campaign and all other
relevant issues I'm Ben Shapiro this is
the Ben Shapiro show
