on Wednesday night Donald Trump held one
of his patented bizarro Superman press
conferences in which he sounds it off on
everything like a Breitbart commenter or
a member of their editorial staff on
speed during the course of that press
conference Donald Trump dropped one line
that got the media's iron going he said
it would be interesting to see I will
tell you this Russia if you're listening
I hope you're able to find the 30,000
emails that are missing this drove
Democrats completely up a wall Hillary's
foreign policy advisor Jake Sullivan he
said this has gone from being a matter
of curiosity and a matter of politics to
being a national security issue former
CIA director Leon Panetta who served
under a president who promised Russia
flexibility you remember complain quote
it's inconceivable to me any
presidential candidate would be this
irresponsible retired Rear Admiral John
Hudson he said this morning Trump
personally invited Russia to hack us
that's not law and order that's criminal
intent so I guess now he's doing TV show
titles well this is kind of weird kind
of a surprising turn it turns out from
the same Democrats who claimed just a
few weeks ago that Hillary's deleted
emails contain nothing classified or
even important according to Hillary the
remember was 30,000 deleted emails they
were just about yoga and Chelsea's
wedding dress so why would it be a
national security threat if Vladimir
Putin had them and if it is a national
security threat for Putin have Hillary's
emails why isn't Hillary being
prosecuted for us and not to put it
being this irresponsible after all she
not Donald Trump created a private
server vulnerable to foreign hack for
the obvious and clear purpose of hiding
information from the American public and
transmitter transmitting classified info
sure Trump's a clod for saying he hopes
Putin has the information presumably
Putin could have information that puts
Americans in danger but from Scottish
this is nothing next to the fact of the
thing Hillary Clinton took action that
exposed America's national security to
the tender mercies of thug Lattimer
Putin Democrats are now stuck between a
rock and a hard place either what
Hillary did wasn't a big deal in which
case their response to Trump should be
it wouldn't matter if Putin had her
emails what's he gonna do with yoga
RSVPs or what Hillary did was a really
big deal in which case Hillary should be
the candidate on the chopping block now
look I don't think Trump was playing 40
chess with his comments mainly because I
don't think the Trump knows that the
horsey in chess jumps in in L formation
but whether he did or whether he did it
on purpose or not
did expose the Democrats for what they
are liars and opportunists with
America's national security I'm Ben
Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
tends to demonize people who don't care
about your feelings so we have tons to
get to today if you're wondering why
we're broadcasting from what appears to
be a closet in mogadishu it's because
we're broadcasting from a closet in
Washington DC which is sort of like
Mogadishu and it's it's you know with a
lot to get to you today we would have
broadcast from the bathroom as I said
earlier except Hillary's server it
turned out was in there so tons to get
to last night at the convention
obviously President Obama was the big
headline President Obama was the one who
ends up being the big headline coming
out I mean first off I just want to lead
off with this President Obama hugs
Hillary Clinton last night and it's
really awkward it didn't make a lot of
sense I don't think that Obama did
Hillary Clinton a whole hell of a lot of
good last night with his speech for a
couple of reasons one I don't think that
Obama's popularity is transferable
that's clear Democrats have lost 900
state legislature seats during his
tenure they've lost 13 senators they've
lost the house they've lost 12
governorships they've lost an enormous
number of seats and and power and
enormous amount of power under President
Obama because he's popular but he can't
transfer that popularity to anyone else
and it's true for Hillary too but
there's something just objectively odd
about President Obama who's a young
good-looking black guy getting up there
and saying the future of the country
rests in the hands of and then he brings
out this toggling old crone Hillary
Clinton who's 15 years his senior and
looks like Bilbo Baggins in fact Hillary
Clinton looks so awkward out there last
night Obama gives her this big hug and
she looks so awkward out there last
night you can see in her eyes is the
shoes about to transform from Bilbo
Baggins like good Bilbo Baggins to bad
Bilbo Baggins when he sees the ring it
sort of looked like this
okay so crazy soy right because Obama's
head good luck beating young guy first
black president and he's bringing out
Hillary we're supposed to believe that
this is a transformative moment fertile
even women know black people in America
do not have the same history as women in
America hey women have been treated a
lot better in American history then
black people have so it's a step down in
terms of the historic nosov the moment
the history historic importance of the
moment and it was an awkward night until
we got to President Obama himself Tim
Kaine who's the who's the vice
presidential candidate for Hillary
Clinton even broke out his donald trump
impersonation which was real weird
here's what that looked like you know
who I don't trust hmm I wonder Donald
Trump Donald Trump Trump is a guy who
promises a lot but you might have
noticed he's got a way of saying the
same two words every time he makes his
biggest hugest promises believe me it's
going to be great believe me we're gonna
build a wall and make Mexico pay for it
believe me we're gonna destroy Isis so
fast believe me there's nothing
suspicious in my tax returns believe me
determination you have to imagine that
before this happened he went to he went
to Obama needs like should I do my Trump
impersonation was like nope I don't
think that's a good idea you go State
Hillary doesn't know and then he goes to
Bill him is like no I don't think you
should do that and then he gets T Joe
Biden she was like that's a great idea
and so he goes out there he does his
trump impersonation which isn't very
good the big highlight of the night
however was President Obama's speech and
here's the thing President Obama's
speech was almost entirely about
President Obama now he did do something
very clever in the speech that I want to
talk about because I do think it has
significant ramifications beyond this
election it has ramifications for the
Republican Party than for Donald Trump
and conservatism now and again to all of
that but the reason that President
Obama's speech didn't work for Hillary
is cuz pretty much the whole thing was
about him pretty much the whole speech
was about how he is awesome and he went
out there was his valedictory I've never
see Obama so relaxed I've never seen him
so happy I mean really the last time I
saw him this relaxed and happy was after
he won in 2012 he went out there he's
got a big cheering throng of people and
that's gotta be like a boost to the ego
for that egomaniac and he goes out there
and he talks up his own record and
that's really what you Nick mentioned
his own name a hundred and nineteen
times last night
one hundred and nineteen times he said I
me or Obama I mean it's pretty amazing
here is President Obama talking up his
record last night which is really why he
was there he didn't care about Hillary
now what's happening over the years and
while this nation has been tested by war
and it's been tested by recession and
all manner of challenges I stand before
you again tonight
after almost two terms as your president
to tell you I am more optimistic about
the future of America
than ever before
how could I not be after all that we've
achieved together
I mean hey we've got a stagnant economy
for eight years
hey the world's on fire but hey I'm
still president so we've achieved a hell
of a lot together gang I mean it's been
fantastic we even put a gay flag up on
the White House in that important thing
that's pretty important come on we
fundamentally transformed it so Obama's
very pleased with himself obviously and
I've said this is sort of an obstacle
for Hillary Clinton because she now has
to run on President Obama's record the
problem for her is that most Americans
are not particularly happy with the
situation right now most Americans feel
uncomfortable most a minute 70% of
Americans think the country is headed in
the wrong direction and again his
popularity is not transferable so the
more he talks himself up the less it
mattered for purposes of the election so
he also tried to talk up Hillary to be
fair he tried to talk up Hillary and it
was an enormous failure just a giant
fail all the way from the beginning so
here's President Obama attempting to
talk Hillary Clinton has devoted her
life to that future a mother and a
grandmother who would do anything to
help our children thrive a leader with
real plans to break down barriers and
blast through glass ceilings and widen
the circle of opportunity to every
single American the next president of
the United States Hillary Clinton and no
no I mean mother and grandmother er
she's a woman and she blasts them glass
ceiling there's nothing there there's
nothing there I mean Hillary is the
least attractive candidate in America
and that includes Donald Trump she has
somehow turned Donald Trump into an
acceptable candidate because of how
unacceptable she is as a candidate she's
not likable she's not interesting and
when he tries to play the human card oh
she's a mother she's a grandmother
notice he doesn't say a wife because
everybody knows what a joke that is
right he says she's a mother and she's a
grandmother uh-huh yeah and what most
Americans don't buy that and he keeps
trying to push her and it's just a giant
fail every time he tries to push her you
just got to scratch your head and say
really this is the best you can do he
does it again right here and for four
years
for four years I had a front-row seat to
her intelligence her judgment and her
discipline I came to realize that her
unbelievable work ethic wasn't for
praise it wasn't for attention that she
was in this for everyone who needs a
champion
I understood that after all these years
she has never forgotten just who she's
fighting for I love this line he says I
understood after all these years she's
never forgotten just who she's fighting
for right Hillary that's who she's
fighting for everybody knows this and
that's why none of this makes any sense
he then goes on to say that nobody is
more qualified than Hillary to serve as
president of the United States in
American history I mean that includes
presumably George HW Bush who headed the
CIA and was world war ii veteran it was
a congressperson it was a vice president
that presumably includes eisenhower who
ran world work - that presumably
includes George Washington founded the
country yes Hillary is so eminently
qualified so deeply qualified horsecrap
Hillary is not qualified and she's
disqualified she's a felon but this is
this is his routine even when even when
Obama tries to contrast Hillary Clinton
with the with with Donald Trump it fails
because they're basically the same
person I mean they're both self-obsessed
corrupt power seeking people so for
example well Indy says that Donald Trump
is a guy who spent his 70 years on this
earth showing no regard for working
people and he's gonna be your champion
your voice
Hillary will be your champion in your
voice she says if you want someone with
a life long track record of fighting for
higher wages and better benefits and a
fair tax code and a bigger voice and
from workers and stronger regulations
and Wall Street you should vote for
Hillary like really does anyone believe
that she's going to be the friend of the
worker and the enemy of the of the folks
on Wall Street she there are pictures of
her at the cornerstone laying for
Goldman Sachs she still has not revealed
she won't reveal what she said to
Goldman Sachs that they paid her
$225,000 for in a speech listen I'm a
pricy speaker okay when I go and speak
places I charge people money I don't
charge anything like that kind of money
I mean if I did believe
I wouldn't be doing the podcast anymore
I'd be speaking full-time raking it in
and I'd be living the highlife alongside
Hillary Clinton I mean it's pretty
amazing so every time Trump that every
time Obama tries to pump up Hillary it
fails and this is why the speech was not
effective for her last night it didn't
it didn't accomplish any she knows that
sometimes during those 40 years she's
made mistakes just like I have just like
we all do that's what happens when we
try that's what happens when you're the
kind of citizen Teddy Roosevelt once
described not the timid souls who
criticized from the sidelines but
someone who was actually in the arena he
strives valiantly
who airs but who at the best knows in
the end the triumph of high achievement
Hillary Clinton is that woman in the
arena she's been there for us even if we
haven't all we've noticed ok this idea
that Hillary has been there for us even
if we haven't always noticed has Hillary
spent one miniscule moment out of the
spotlight and I love how it just
classifies all of the things she did
purposefully long as mistakes this is
this is one of my favorite things about
Democrats he says sure she's made
mistakes like you know you made a
mistake the other day you left the milk
out of the fridge in one cell she made a
mistake she set up a private server to
hide her emails destroyed 30,000 of them
made them vulnerable the Russian hack
and passed classified information or
just just like you're living out the
milk that's what that was
was just like you leaving up and over
one full Blair Witch Project there so
she so that's the that's you know his
case for her it doesn't work at all in
any way shape or form or form so all of
that is bad but then Obama gets to his
real point and his real point is that
Barack Obama is now going to attempt to
create and this was I thought a genius
move he's actually going to attempt to
create a new Democratic Party that's the
goal to create a new Democratic majority
and the do new Democratic majority is
going to be based on the fundamental
premise that Donald Trump is not a
Republican and the Republicans ought to
vote for Hillary Clinton so he's doing
the same thing that Trump is doing Trump
is trying to get the Bernie Sanders
voters to move from Hillary to him Obama
is trying to get the the Hillary
he's trying at the Trump voters or the
Republican voters to move the Cruz
voters to move from Trump to Hillary now
there are a few never Trump errs people
who I think are making a foolish error
in judgment who say that they're not
only not gonna put on for Trump they are
gonna actively vote for Hillary Clinton
I think that this is a huge mistake I
think it's just dumb up the wazoo
you can't morally vote for Hillary you
can't morally vote for Trump in my view
if you want to vote for Trump vote for
Trump but you certainly can't vote for
Hillary Clinton in actual felon but
Obama's making that pitch anyway so
here's the pitch Obama makes about two
Republicans and this is Anna Mae
because it demonstrates where we are in
our political in our political life span
here so this is clip 9 here's President
Obama taking out the suit that was
mothballed by Ronald Reagan putting it
on and wearing it around a little bit
look we Democrats have always had plenty
of differences with the Republican Party
and there's nothing wrong with that
it's precisely this contest of idea that
pushes our country forward
but what we heard in Cleveland last week
wasn't particularly Republican and it
sure wasn't conservative what we heard
was a deeply pessimistic vision of a
country where we turn against each other
and turn away from the rest of the world
there were no serious solutions to
pressing problems just the fanning of
resentment and blame and anger and hate
and that is not the America I know the
America I know is full of courage and
optimism and ingenuity the America I
know is defensemen and generous is what
Obama's doing there is what he's trying
to do now sounds like Marco Rubio right
he's basically making the conservative
compassionate conservative critique of
Donald Trump he's saying that Trump
represents something that's not
Republican and not conservative now the
first time you hear that if you're an
anti Trump person like me the first
thing that you think is well I mean at
least he gets that Trump isn't a
Republican or a conservative then you
realize what he's actually doing what
he's actually doing is he's trying to
get people like me to vote for Hillary
it ain't gonna happen it ain't gonna
happen because the solution to having a
leftist in your own party is not to vote
for the leftist in the other party left
isn't winning anywhere is a bad idea but
here's the problem because Donald Trump
is a status because Donald Trump feels
that he alone can solve because he
believes that government is a solution
and not the problem
because Donald Trump doesn't believe in
constitutional checks and balances
because Donald Trump is a foreign policy
isolationist because in he doesn't
believe in social conservatism he has
left the field of conservatism wide open
for this pitch so you've got the most
demagogic leader in American history or
at least in modern American history
President Obama going out there and
saying the Trump is Fanning resentment
and blame and anger and hate President
Obama does that on a regular basis he's
a demagogue President Obama fans the
flames of hatred against against cops he
flans the fame of hatred against the
supposed evils boid America he fans the
flames of hatred against the rich folks
that's what Obama does but now he's he's
with a certain level of accuracy saying
that about Trump it's actually a very
smart political move it's not gonna work
obviously because I think that most P
or too smart for this what he's trying
to do is he's trying to now create a
unity party he's trying to say there's
one party out here that's in favor of a
brighter America that believes in
constitutional principles and then
there's Trump over there who's a
demagogue what's so galling about what
makes you sick to your stomach when you
watching it really does it makes you
swung on yeah makes you want to vomit
when you watch it is that you know that
Obama is just that kind of demagogue and
Obama just he keeps pushing this message
keeps pushing this message that he's the
new Reagan and he's gonna create the new
Reagan coalition except it's gonna be
Republicans turning democrat instead of
Democrats turning Republican here's
President Obama going after Donald Trump
for being weak on defense again the
irony of a man who has slashed our
military to its lowest working size in
terms of the Navy since before World War
two and the lowest working size in terms
of our army since before World War two
that guy is ripping on Donald Trump for
not being Pro military enough because
this is the political pitch it's
triangulation here's Obama doing that
meanwhile Donald Trump calls our
military a disaster
apparently he doesn't know the men and
women who make up the strongest fighting
force the world has ever known he
suggests America is weak he must not
hear the billions of men and women and
children from the Baltics to Burma who
still look to America to be the light of
freedom and dignity and human rights
because he's up to Putin praises saddam
hussein tells our native allies that
stood by our side after 9/11 that they
have to pay up if they want our
protection right well America's promises
do not come with a price tag we meet our
commitments we bear our burdens I mean
this is unbelievable stuff right because
this is the man he's out there saying
that our military is great this man
mandated during sequestration mandated
that half the cuts come from the
military mandated it that was part of
the deal half the cuts had to come from
the military he says that we have the
this great fighting force and everybody
looks to us from the Baltics to Burma
ask the people in the Baltic states
right now if they feel more or less
secure since when George W Bush left
they feel more or less secured now that
Obama allowed Putin to invade Ukraine
they feel more or less secure now that
Obama withdrew missile defense from
Poland in the Czech Republic
ask them if they feel more or less
secure ask our allies if they feel more
or less secure I love that he says you
know Trump cozies up to Putin and
praises Saddam Hussein and tells our
NATO allies they have to pay up if they
want our protection Obama's undermine a
doe by not defending Ukraine speaking of
cozying up to Putin Obama is the guy who
sat next to the meat to be Medvedev than
the President of Russia and said to him
tell Putin tell pooty-poo
that we're gonna give him flexibility
right I just need I need a little bit of
flexibility until the election and then
I can do anything you want I'll give you
some flexibility after the election just
be nice to me
there's what he says he says that openly
right before the 2012 election as far as
praising Saddam Hussein if Obama had his
way Saddam Hussein would still be in
power in Iraq those rape rooms would
still be operational and who day and
Hussein would still be doing their
routine
in those rape rooms to various women but
the hypocrisy doesn't matter it's the
pitch that matters and what Obama
realizes that Trump being an
isolationist not being a constitutional
conservative it's opened up this
argument it's opened up this argument so
remember this could have been our
argument folks this could've been the
argument we made this year everything
he's saying right now we could have been
making these arguments against President
Obama this year we can't and we won't
because Donald Trump is the nominee and
Trump and and Obama knows that and so
he's using that as a line of attack I
will say it is pretty amazing the same
room that's cheering Obama when he's
praising the military just a few minutes
before that was was booing Leon Panetta
Obama's former CIA director for talking
about killing members of Isis and
al-qaeda alike clip 33 when Lia pan Leon
Panetta spoke the Democrats actually
were chanting no more war as Leon
Panetta the former Obama CIA head was
speaking about terrorism Donald Trump
asks our troops to commit war crimes
endorses torture spurns our allies from
Europe to Asia suggests that countries
have nuclear weapons and he praises
dictators from Saddam Hussein to
Vladimir Putin
today Wow
hey we can cut off so they're there
chanting no more war at Obama's former
CIA director and then two hours later
Obama's on stage and they're all
cheering yeah because this is all BS
it's all triangulation Obama doesn't
believe in a strong military he doesn't
believe in a small government but again
he's trying to take that argument away
from Trump because he knows it's an
effective one he's stealing all of the
traditional conservative rhetoric and
now he's now using it against Trump say
did more of that here's clip 11 America
is already great America is already
strong and I promise you our strength
our greatness does not depend on Donald
Trump
and in fact it doesn't depend on any one
person and that a man may be the biggest
difference in this election the meaning
of our democracy Ronald Reagan called
America a shining city on a hill Donald
Trump calls it - by a divided crime
scene that only he can fix ok so there
he is hijacking Ronald Reagan's language
to say we're a shining city on the hill
I love this I love that he says that
America doesn't depend on any one person
I thought that if we elected him the
oceans were going to recede I thought if
we elected him then the world was gonna
change she was gonna transform America
it doesn't depend on any one person the
entire basis of Democrat philosophy
since the turn of the 20th century has
been the idea that we need a great
leader to lead us to glory whether it's
Woodrow Wilson or FDR or John F Kennedy
or Bill Clinton or now Barack Obama so
for him to turn around and now say no we
don't need one great leader who would
say such a thing you you you created
this correctly you wonder why Trump is
making that pitch it's because you are a
demagogue and you made that pitch and
you won so a lot of Republicans said
okay well if their demagogue can do it
then we'll demagogue - but Obama
continues to make this conservative
pitch again what he's about to say in
this particular paragraph what you're
about to hear right now this clip twelve
well you're about to hear is something
that if I were campaigning would come
out of my mouth the difference is I'm
not a congenital liar
President Obama is hears Obama mouthing
the words of conservatives while being
the most left is present in the history
of the United States we're not a fragile
people we're not a frightful people our
power doesn't come from some
self-declared savior promising that he
alone can restore order as long as we do
things his way we don't look to the
ruled
our power
our power comes from those immortal
declarations first foots of paper right
here in Philadelphia all those years ago
we hold these truths to be self-evident
that all men are created equal that we
the people can form a more perfect union
that's who we are that's our birthright
the capacity to shape our own destiny
that's what drove that's what drove paid
trip to choose revolution over tyranny
and our GI is to liberate a continent
it's what gave women the courage to
reach for the ballot and marches to
cross the bridge in Selma and workers so
organize and fight for collective
bargaining and better wages it's amazing
stuff right now what what he's saying
there and what what he's pushing is this
basic conservative notion right it's a
basic conservative notion we don't need
a self-declared Savior we don't need to
be ruled but he is the self-declared
Savior he is the one who rules us he's
the one who says that if we don't buy a
kind of health insurance he likes we go
to jail even if we're nuns right he's
the one who says that who use his pen
and his phone and he will cram down on
us his vision of the universe right he's
the one who says to Congress if you
don't pass a law that I like well I'll
just do it myself he's that guy and then
he's telling us that he's the one who's
fighting against the idea of a ruler
he's one who stands for idea of a ruler
that's what he is
his most obvious line like this was at
the very end of the speech at the very
very end of the speech Barack Obama said
this he said America has changed over
the years and he and those values my
grandparents taught me they haven't gone
anywhere they're still as strong as ever
and he says that's why anyone who
threatens our values whether fascists or
communists or jihadists or homegrown
demagogues will always fail on the end
no they won't
no they won't because you're the
homegrown demagogue President Obama but
the fact that he's hijacking
conservative rhetoric is the more
important point when conservatives
abandoned conservatism in favor of
nationalist populism Democrats will try
to invade that space and they can't do
it with credibility but the fact that
Democrats even want that speech should
demonstrate how powerful the rhetoric is
that we should never have abandoned it
that the language of we don't need a
ruler we don't need a savior that's
powerful language that's our language
that's the language of the Constitution
and the Declaration it's the language of
the American people Obama's trying to
hijack it to create this this unity
party but the fact is there is no unity
party because he and fountain Trump are
on the same side conservatives are not
on that side I'm on the side of smoke
I'm on the side of no Savior I'm on the
side of Donald Trump says he can fix it
Hillary Clinton says she can fix it only
you can fix it okay Trump can't solve
your problems Hillary can't solve your
problems solve your own damn problems
that's what America is all about
but Obama is now to have been something
very clever he's trying to pretend that
he's on the same side that I am and
Trump is the leftist know Obama's
leftist and Trump is the leftist and the
rest of us are sitting out here in the
cold trying to remember a country where
our fate was in our own hand so very
very clever stuff from President Obama I
believe at this point we have to let our
Facebook live audience go correct Mathis
okay so daily wire comm is where you go
to subscribe to the rest of the show
also it allows you eight bucks a month
you get to be part of the mailbag which
we'll be doing in just a few minutes
here on the bench Shapiro show we always
love the mailbag the vaunted Ben Shapiro
mailbag plus we'll be talking about some
things I hate and we have to talk about
Trump and Raja lots to get to still so
go to the I go to iTunes or go to
SoundCloud download the show and then
subscribe it's daily where calm so you
can see the rest of the podcast all
right
okay can we continue already okay we're
back okay so now we got rid of those
those facebook hangers on we can
continue with the rest of the show okay
so the media go nuts over all of this
natural and the media just love it
the media are just in love and so CBS
has Scott Pelley he comes out and he
says it was just it was a chorus of
amens it was the greatest thing honest
to god Vaseline stores all over the city
of Philadelphia must have sold out last
night just to the left media so the left
media was just beside itself beside
itself I mean they they were covering
the entire convention wearing no pants
here was here with Scott Pelley making
this in making the the just weeping over
himself amazing reaching to acquire was
sang a chorus chorus of amens NBC's
Lester Holt he does the same thing when
I want an amazing speech is deafening
here in this arena
President Obama delivers a speech of
powerful heart embracing hope and
optimism a passionate endorsement of
Hillary
flipping at a times an artful takedown
of Donald Trump
it was artful it was brilliant it was
compassionate and hopeful okay was
hopeful because he's been the president
for eight years how did he how would it
sound if he came out last night he said
boy things are crap boy I think there's
just awful even the president dude of
course are gonna come out and praise
your own work this is like that stupid
exercise they used to do when you were
in college where you graded it where
some TAS would do this or you grade your
own work how do you think you did this
semester oh I think I failed all right
that was always the one where he had to
tell people that you got a b-plus ready
too bright in Tootsie I thought I did I
thought I did really well but I could've
tried harder I thought I could have done
better on this yeah uh-huh okay so he
gives himself an a shocker ABC's George
Stephanopoulos who was literally the
chief of staff for Hillary and Bill
Clinton he's now an objective journalist
and he he too was was basically rubbing
his own back to try and release the
knots of tension from the night 12 years
to the day he first on the national
scene two-term President Barack Obama
keeps his political valedictory
grateful emotional at the end thank you
the nerve to do for picking him up when
he was down passing the baton as he said
to Hillary Clinton passing the baton oh
my god it's just wonderful of course the
person who is most over-the-top but good
Matthew don't let me stay you know Ellie
oh yeah yep present are you forgive me I
throw out my like now that twelve moved
all the way up my leg up my thigh into
my crotch chiller area and let me tell
you I'm just feeling it tonight she's an
unbelievable good man I never saw you go
oh it's pretty well known I've always
going for this guy I am the voice like
the waist but he speaks about our
country from the time I first heard him
in 2004 and up in Boston at the
convention and he does speak wonderfully
about our country but this guy tonight
was something else like he was when we
so I thought it was a farewell address
guys as well as an endorsement Hillary
Clinton awful farewell address while
everyone's paying attention and I think
was a wonderful book end to his first
speech in 2004 and to his wife speech on
Monday and Hillary cut is not gonna have
to play catch up tomorrow night so it's
an interesting night and a wonderful
night I cry on me it's terrible but
whatever you know I guess that's a job
this job II just go over to hell like
tally go to sleep I wake up in the
morning I drink half a bottle of vodka
fresh mayor they sure like come here i
watch hillary clinton out crone
god I love her Stella but she's not
Barack Obama I mean she gives me a
thrill but it's not really my leg it's
more like up the back of my leg I got
like goose bumps goose flesh maybe I cuz
miss Garrett she's gonna pop out of the
closet yeah but it's okay hahaha Chris
Matthews MSNBC okay so the media go nuts
over all of this meanwhile so they're
they're covering all this
meanwhile outside the convention center
things are getting crazy so as we've
been mentioning the entire week the
Bernie Sanders people been losing their
what is left of their addled brains so
right outside the convention center here
is what the scene looked like
the prison episode of The Walking Dead
you got all the all the zombies outside
trying to break down the barrier and
there's Rick in there just being a wimp
like he always is but they're over there
the cops trying to hold off all of the
Bernie Sanders supporters who are just a
delight and that wasn't the end of it
here's a little bit of more chaos that
the media decided was not important to
cover because they were too busy
worshipping at the altar of Barack Obama
and bringing him burned incense
I like this lady that the lady who's
sitting there doing yoga in the middle
of all of this yeah these people are
definitely gonna be successes in life
you can tell and I do love the the sign
in the background there which is quite
obscene okay and then finally they
decided that they needed to burn a flag
because it wouldn't be a DNC without a
couple of burnt flags so this one the
flag has its revenge so I do like this
one
I'm fired then he tries to go in there
and the flag attacks him so you just
attacked by the flag and and the flag
wins but by the way if you want to tell
what what the Democrats are really about
the flags that they treat well versus
the flags that they treat badly they
burn the Israeli flag we showed that
yesterday they burn the American flag we
showed that today they took down the
Mississippi State Flag they do like a
couple of other flags though they like
for example the Soviet flag they're the
big fans of this you can see this at the
DNC flying and they like the and they
like the North Korean flag as well so
that's it that's also exciting maybe
they like the the the Soviet flag
apparently the North Korean flag showed
up as well so there's a when Barack
Obama says they're not looking for a
Dear Leader
they actually technically are looking
for a Dear Leader so there's all of that
okay meanwhile the media are still going
nuts over Donald Trump they're still
going crazy they're losing their minds
over Donald Trump's comments so to
flashback yesterday Donald Trump had
this to say about Vladimir Putin hacking
Hillary Clinton's emails by the way they
hacked they probably have her 33
thousand emails I hope they do I hope
they do I hope they have her emails
right and then he says today well you
know I was just being sarcastic Russia
if you're listening I hope you're able
to find the 30,000 emails that are
missing Clinton campaign says this is a
national security issue now the idea
that you've had any American calling for
a foreign power to commit espionage in
the US for the purpose of somehow
changing an election I think that we are
now in a national security space you're
er you have to be kidding his client his
person deleted 33,000 emails illegally
you look at that and when I'm being
sarcastic with something for course I'm
being sarcastic okay and everything that
he's saying I think they probably was
not being sarcastic he probably would
like for those emails to be hacked and
released but who cares I mean but the
media loses excuse me the media
absolutely lose it they go bananas so
the left goes bananas first you got Leon
Panetta ripping Trump here is the former
CIA director at the DNC ripping Donald
Trump Donald Trump says he gets his
foreign policy experience from watching
TV
running the Miss Universe pageant Donald
Trump asks our troops to commit war
crimes endorses torture spurns our
allies from Europe to Asia suggest that
countries have nuclear weapons and he
praises dictators from Saddam Hussein to
Vladimir Putin Donald Trump today once
again took Russia's side
he asked the Russians to interfere in
American politics Donald Trump who wants
to be President of the United States is
asking one of our adversaries to engage
in hacking or intelligence efforts
against the United States of America to
affect an election for the future of my
children and my graces and then on the
same stage Rear Admiral John Hudson
speaks also and he makes the same case
he says that Donald Trump is treasonous
this was treasonous behavior this
morning this very morning he personally
invited Russia to hack us
people don't like they're supposed to be
that's not law and order that's criminal
intent so he too is very
and the media is very hot bothered about
all of this in fact two of the least
funny people in America Stephen Colbert
who is nothing without his old Colbert
Report personality he's just lost it
yesterday here's Stephen Colbert ripping
on Trump about all of this and and no
joke is complete from the from the left
comedians without a little bit of going
blue so here is a Stephen Colbert going
blue on Donald Trump high college
student well we're not broadcasting
right now so I'd say what does Vladimir
Putin's taste like
right there it's always fun that the
Democrats get to make gay jokes when
they want to so that that's always
exciting and Trevor Noah
who's legitimately the least funny man
on our if he did the same routine he's
very very very troubled that Donald
Trump has a relationship with Vladimir
Putin here's Trevor Noah being a deeply
unfunny ridiculous person is getting
scary people and I don't understand how
some people say they can't see it you
know because Donald Trump is almost like
global warming right now people who are
trying to deny that it's real oh they
think it's something we can worry about
Nader but it is happening right now
and it also involves a lot of counts so
so again again there should be no
contest because let's look at this let's
be honest flat out Republican or
Democrat let's look at the worst-case
scenarios on both sides with Hillary
Clinton worst case scenario you have a
bad president for four years right and
America's had bad presidents before
you'll get through it
but America you have never had a Donald
Trump before a man who claiming to be
the leader of law and order and make
America safe candidate that man who
invites foreign heit hackers to steal
files that he himself said contained
American national security data that man
that's a leader you've never had a man
who publicly admires and now very
possibly colludes with Vladimir Putin a
man who is lovingly endorsed by Kim Jong
hoon a man who praises and doubles down
on praising Saddam Hussein these are his
role models and these people were
Stannis once they were never noticed it
was horrid
okay they're very deeply unfunny man
here's the problem folks if those emails
contain nothing but yoga first of all if
there were 30,000 emails about yoga then
Hillary Clinton legitimately has a ratio
of yoga emails from actual yoga sessions
that approaches infinity right it's
actually approaching an imaginary number
because the denominator to their actual
yoga sessions is either zero or close to
it you can't divide by zero you could
print imaginary number basic math lesson
on fractions okay so bottom line is this
the Democrats want to pretend that Trump
is the bad guy here Hillary is the one
who made this an issue Hillary is the
one who made this an issue you can't
claim the Trump is the bad guy for
suggesting and Vladimir Putin should get
the emails if there's nothing bad in the
emails in the first place
okay Trump may be stupid I think that
he's not the brightest guy in the world
either but it's Hillary's fault this is
even an issue in the first place you
can't be deeply upset about Donald Trump
and praising Hillary Clinton about
Hillary Clinton's own emails that's her
own fault okay time for things I like
things I hate in the mailbag so things I
like we've been doing movies with
Russian villains this week so this is a
good movie not a great movie but a good
movie and it's an early Kevin Costner
performance the movie is no way out also
stars Gene Hackman and and it's it's
definitely a fun movie so here's here's
a little bit of the trailer the new boy
Farrell so we can take the fall in case
anything goes wrong
loyalty work everything out how did you
actually meet the Secretary of Defense
I need a car to stop these people have
already tried to kill one person who now
behind the deceit through your intention
to bring down David Bryce and I have no
choice but to make sure that you didn't
get away with it just I mean they kill
me sound
because of the truth okay so it's
actually a pretty good movie and it's
it's a kind of stylish thriller from
from the late 80s worth seeing okay
things that I hate so the Democrats like
to pretend today don't like abortion
that's bull they love abortion abortion
is their favorite thing in the entire
world if they had to pick one flavor of
ice cream it'll be abortion so here are
there's a DNC speaker they spoke
yesterday listen to the crowd's reaction
when she says she had an abortion I
wanted a family but it was the wrong
time I made the decision that was best
for me to have an abortion and get
compassionate care at a clinic in my own
community yeah yeah these people
celebrate abortion they love abortion
and it's a sacrament to them because it
definitely the left understands I said
this yesterday on the program but wefts
understands that they have a woman for
life once she's had an abortion at least
in most cases because repenting for the
idea that you killed your own child I
mean it's almost unthinkable it's almost
unthinkable the only way you can get
through the day I would imagine is by
saying it's not a child if you
acknowledge that it is a baby and that
you killed it I mean that that's got to
be something almost impossible level if
I can't even imagine so the instead the
Democrats offer you absolution the
absolution is it wasn't a baby after all
it doesn't really matter so if it wasn't
maybe it doesn't matter then anybody who
says it was a baby is your enemy so once
a woman has an abortion and she becomes
a Democrat for life and that's why
Democrats love abortion so much they've
always been friendly to abortion and the
eugenics argument but that's the reason
why they cheer when a woman has an
abortion it's a sign of her bravery
she's rejected society's evil nasty
standards ok another thing that I hate
from the convention Ripley from aliens
had climate change is gonna kill us all
Sigourney Weaver offered up this weird
video on climate change at the DNC
eventually Miami will be underwater it's
just a matter
when the sea level is going to rise and
Miami won't be here when it rises there
is no doubt that climate change we all
know that human activities are changing
the atmosphere in unexpected
and in unprecedented ways if I may use a
strong word I would say that we are
under limits of suicide
this is the painful reality of a world
radically altered by climate change it's
not reality TV make no mistake Trump's
reckless denial of climate change is
dangerous a threat to your livelihood
your safety your children and the
prosperity of this nation there's no
doubt in my mind the damage from Sandy
was worse than cost over warming claws
to sea-level to be higher Weaver is that
she's a giant robot suit so she can save
us all in the end I do love it they have
Jack Black leading that thing off like
is this supposed to be a comedy video or
a parody when does he play with
Tenacious D so it's very very weird
stuff but it demonstrates how deeply
Hollywood is invested in this whole
narrative because here's the truth
Hollywood could actually affect change
in the world Hollywood could make a
difference they choose not to make a
difference because the kind of
difference they want to make is not the
kind of difference that that they should
be making I mean they could actually
make the world better for people living
in various places around the globe I
something against tyranny
instead they rail about the Sun so
that's that's all very exciting okay
final thing I hate then some mailbag
entries the World Health Organization is
considering dropping transgenderism from
their dictionary as a mental disorder
okay this is based on no science
whatsoever there's a new study out that
purports to show transgenderism is not a
mental illness it shows nothing of the
sort they took a poll of transgender
people and they said what percentage of
you have been mistreated and virtually
all of them said yes then they said well
that's probably why you have a high
suicide rate nonsense nonsense okay as
I've said before there is no population
in the history of man as far as we know
that has had a 40% suicide rate except
for Jews living in Nazi Germany except
for Jews living and so if you think
transgenders are being treated like Jews
living in Nazi Germany then I guess the
comparison holds otherwise this is
nonsense and the reason that transgender
folks are committing suicide is because
they're suffering from something that's
unbelievably painful and difficult to
deal with and and the fact that the
scientific community is willing to bow
to political correctness instead of
focusing on science it's going to cost
lives it's going to ruin a lot of lives
it's gonna be telling parents that they
oughta mutilate their children it's
really
it's really cruel and terrible okay time
for some entries from the vaunted Ben
Shapiro Show mailbag Luke writes hey Ben
it seems like the Democrats are scared
they could actually lose Trump does seem
to have the momentum how scared should
Democrats be at this point I'd say they
should be pretty scared I mean I don't
think that it's a foregone conclusion
that Trump wins I think he still has an
uphill battle you know the hard part of
me says Trump has a better chance to win
than the head part of me the head part
of me says that it's still 7525 that
Hillary walks away with the election but
she's really bad at this really bad at
this what should worried Democrats what
should keep them up at night is the fact
that Hillary Clinton is legitimately an
awful candidate she somehow turned a
race against Donald Trump was in reality
TV Stowe's TV show star who knows
nothing about policy she's turned that
race into a generic D versus generic our
election cycle which is almost amazing
Josiah writes Ben what are your thoughts
on Gary Johnson I will not be voting for
Hillary or Trump but what do you think
about Johnson okay so a few problems in
Johnson so number one Johnson isn't
really a libertarian he's a libertarian
on pot he's not libertarian on the
budget he nearly doubled it while he was
governor of New Mexico he's not
libertarian on religious freedom he
wants the government to cram down his
perception of what sort of clientele
everybody must serve he's he's obviously
not somebody who's particularly strong
on national defense I have a lot of
problems of Gary Johnson as a candidate
Elliott writes how do you think future
generations a hundred years from now
we'll look at our decade will be used as
a cautionary tale for the effects of
extreme left ISM and extreme tolerance
with all of these llama terror attacks
black lives matter attacks censorship
etc Elliott I think that they're gonna
look at the it's really up to us what I
mean by that is we're now at what they
call an inflection point if we pick
ourselves up off the mat if we build the
new conservative movements if we're able
to rectify the imbalances that have
plagued the country then this could be
seen as sort of the dark period before
the dawn it could be seen like the late
60s and 70s before Reagan or it could be
seen instead as the high point because
things get worse and worse it could be
seen as you know this was the the early
60s and then things just got
progressively worse because at least now
the crime rate is low at least now the
economy is totally terrible it could get
worse if the left continues to have its
way Ella writes I love you Lindsay you
are awesome and make the show so much
brighter um well thanks for
putting the entire showman Lindsay guys
it's okay Lindsay is the best and the
Lindsay's only out today because she's
taking care of her mom so obviously
prayers for Lindsay on her mom says
please look at ben shapiro thug-life
Bernie or boo on YouTube you will find
someone actually got a tattoo of Ben's
face on their arm please show Ben so you
can have a laugh at the irony yeah I did
see the tattoo and all I can say is why
would anyone do that I'm anti tattoo
generally and I have this face on my own
face like I don't think you should put
this face anywhere else it's fine it's
it's good right here it doesn't need to
be on your leg
seeing is it and then the question is if
Hillary is elected is there a
possibility of impeaching her almost no
almost no I think impeachment is largely
off the table in the future I think it's
very difficult to see a time when
somebody actually gets impeached unless
it's a Republican as possible Republican
could get impeached but Republicans are
too wimpy to impeach Democrats Obama has
committed impeachable offense half a
dozen times here Lilya writes hi Ben
your wife is a doctor you have little
kids what's your stand on vaccinations
my family is deliberating on the issue
since my friend's daughter developed
pretty severe form of autoimmune disease
after the vaccination on the other hand
no school in California will accept your
kid without immunization records thank
you so much for keeping your daily
podcast interesting and entertaining god
bless okay so my feeling I'm very very
very strong proponent to vaccination
anecdotal evidence that suggests that
people who get vaccinations get autism
there's no evidence on a statistical
level to back any of that there's always
anecdotal evidence to back everything
which is why you see people who still
rely on holistic medicine even though
there's no scientific basis for it try
carrying yourself with herbs
you'll probably die try carrying
yourself with an antibiotic could
probably do a lot better vaccinations
are extraordinarily important and and
it's actually a place where I do think
the government has a role the reason
government has a role is because
government is there to tamp down what we
call externalities right I get to wave
my hand around unless you're standing
right here and if I hit you in the face
have done something wrong your failure
to get a vaccination means that my kid
who's too young to get a vaccination can
get your disease or a pregnant woman who
can't get vaccinated you get your
disease or somebody with cancer could
get your disease you have what you do
have a responsibility to get a
vaccination
it's why I herd immunity is important
Jacob writes Haven as a Polish guy
wildly in love with the ideas of
American
conservatism how worried about it from
presidency should I really be is a
trump-like pivot to abandon Central and
Eastern European allies at all possible
with the GOP trying to counteract it in
any way the missus and I are both great
fans of yours and of Clavin as well you
have great taste at least half great
tastes okay so how would how the GOP
counteract uh Trump's foreign policy
this is one of the areas that's a little
scary about the presidency the commander
in chief has ultimate power over foreign
affairs the the Congress has very little
sale over it and that's where Trump
could do a lot of damage Hillary has
already done an enormous amount of
damage there so that's it's very
difficult to stop a president hell bent
on ruining our foreign policy as
Congress has shown right they couldn't
even stop Obama scrapped Iran deal
Andrew writes do you have any upcoming
debate scheduled I don't at the moment I
know there's some people trying to book
some honestly the biggest problem we
have is finding leftists who are willing
to debate me I'm I'm willing to pretty
much debate anybody the left always has
problems debating me maybe they watch
the thug-life videos and see that's
probably not a good idea
seemi writes hi Lindsey of the greatest
laughs also you're an awesome mailbags
grader okay so I got the pattern so if
you say something nice about Lindsey get
in the mail bad guys I've been love the
show great coverage of the Freak shows
in Cleveland and Philly can you please
invite sink in BR for a debate on the
show he's disgusting and there needs to
be a video of you owning him well I'm
happy to host
setting gear I don't pay a lot of
attention to him because usually what I
see is him screaming a lot of people and
and I don't find that but he's sort of
like left-wing Alex Jones I don't see
screaming at people is a real solution
to the world's problems if you want to
see something really funny actually
my friend steven crowder just made a
video where he plays sank Unger and it's
it's really really funny he had me call
in for a bit and it's pretty pretty
hilarious Joe writes hey Ben I have two
questions for you if you could pick
anyone to be President who would you
choose second my mom was telling me
about an incident where air traffic
controllers were on strike and President
Reagan forced them to go back to war
could you explain what happened okay in
the first one if I could choose anyone
to be President in the United States
I've said this before I think Thomas
solo would make a fantastic president
he's considered he's thoughtful and he
really knows policy and economics and he
knows morality too as far as the air
traffic controllers on strike the basic
history there is that very early in his
presidency the air traffic controllers
Union decided they weren't getting
enough pay so they decided to strike
President Reagan instead of shutting
down all air traffic and caving to them
he fired all of them and brought in
scabs and then they caved and then they
came back that's the basic story there
jacob rights liberals in the media often
cite the 2008 recession is evidence of
the failure of the free market
so what extent was the 2008 recession a
government failure to what extent was in
failure in the free market okay so my
feeling is that it was entirely a
failure of the government the free
market plays a role because the way that
the free market works is that it's
profit-seeking
one's government is involved at all
you've tainted the admixture once you've
dumped I mean it's basically it's think
of the economy like a soup once you take
a little bit of arsenic and pour it in
the soup the entire soup is poisoned
that's true about government involvement
in the economy once you've got the
government perverting the incentive
structure and what you're gonna get is a
lot of people competing for that
government dollar that's what happened
in the mortgage market the government
basically said we'll back lots of
mortgages at very low rates so long as
you give them to black and Hispanic
people and you make sure that those
people get the loans regardless of their
credit histories and their ability to
repay that's been a disaster of course
because everybody basically defaulted
and then the government steps in it's
Dada the free market fail this is my
problem with the economic philosophy
known as corporatism that philosophy
says that the government has to be
involved in greasing the wheels when it
comes to the economy the government
cannot do that
all that the government is capable of
doing is screwing things up screwing up
the incentive structure making sure the
dollars aren't spent where they're most
efficient instead dollars are spent
where the government thinks they ought
to be spent and then you have a lot of
people running after those dollars
because everybody is self-interested
self-interest in capitalism
self-interest in free markets are not
the same thing free markets are markets
in which there is no government
intervention okay folks well that brings
us to the end of the week Hillary
Clinton is supposed to speak tonight so
make sure that you stock up on cotton
for your ears and bleach for your eyes
because it will be a hell of a show
we'll be back next week don't ruin
things while I'm gone I mean you keep
ruining it every weekend but try not to
ruin things while I'm gone we'll be back
and and hopefully we'll talk a little
bit about this lecture I'm getting
indicia a young America's Foundation
it's wonderful to see you guys and we'll
see y'all next week i'm ben shapiro this
is the ben shapiro show
