so on Monday night the media went
totally apoplectic over Pat Smith the
mother of Shawn Smith who was murdered
in the Benghazi terror attack of
September 11th 2012 Smith blasted former
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton
saying quote he was murdered by radical
Islamic terrorists I blame Hillary
Clinton personally for the death of my
son she lied to me and then called me a
liar she looked me squarely in the eye
and told me a video was responsible then
Pat Smith concluded how could she do
this to me
how could she do this to any American
family so the media lost what was left
of its collective mind Chris Matthews
meta bready tear that show he said this
was a gross accusation that ruined the
night Eugene Robinson of the Washington
Post said the accusation was
extraordinary Rachel Maddow said Smith
was quote playing with a very specific
kind of fighter that is almost
impossible for me to watch I have to say
these are the same people who cheered
wildly when the Democrats trotted out
the Jersey Girls widows of 9/11 during
the 2004 convention you remember these
are also the same people who will cheer
wildly when the Democrats unveil their
latest round of absurd pseudo victims in
order to target cops at the DNC in
Philadelphia here are just some of the
speaker's slated for the DNC really this
is real Sybrina Fulton the mother of
Trayvon Martin the Democrats have tried
to play Trayvon Martin's killing is a
case in point of white police racism
there are only a few problems first the
guy who shot him George Zimmerman was
not white second George Zimmerman was
not a cop third Trayvon Martin was by
all available evidence sitting on top of
George Zimmerman's prone body and
slamming his head into the concrete when
Zimmerman shot him
Zimmerman was not only acquitted of a
murder charge the Department of Justice
couldn't find anything to charge him
with either here's another one Lesley
McSpadden the mother of Michael Brown
Michael Brown you may remember was a
thug who's strong-armed robbed a
convenience store then punched officer
Darren Wilson tried to grab his gun and
shoot him and finally tried to charge
the officer before being shot himself
that's true according to witness
testimony even holders DOJ could not
find something wrong with the shooting
which didn't stop the left from
manufacturing from whole cloth a
narrative of evil white police officers
shooting black men surrendering by
shouting hands up don't shoot
well how about Gwen Carr the mother of
Eric garner Eric garner you may remember
was not murdered by the cops he resisted
arrest he was placed in a submission
hold by the cops he then died of a heart
attack because he was dramatically
overweight he had a long history of
health issues ranging from diabetes to
sleep apnea
asthma that was so bad he actually had
to quit a city job garner certainly
shouldn't a died over selling loosies
loose cigarettes but blaming his death
on cop racism is asinine
how about Maria Hamilton mother of
dontre Hamilton you haven't heard this
name it's not really a household name
because Hamilton grabbed an officer's
baton and hit him in the neck with it
before the officer shot him the officer
was fired because Hamilton was a
diagnosed paranoid schizophrenic here's
another one Lucy a Macbeth mother of
Jordan Davis Jordan Davis was murdered
by Michael David Dunn a white guy at a
gas station in Florida
Davis was playing his music loudly in
the car Dunn confronted him then got a
gun and shot ten rounds into the car
Davis was convicted of first degree
murder so what exactly is the problem
with the criminal justice system are the
cops hmm how about Geneva Reid veal
she's the mother of Sandra bland
remember Sandra bland committed suicide
while in police custody rumors of an
evil police murder and coverup
circulated on the net there's no
evidence to back any of it
all of these women are deemed mothers of
the movement although what the movement
is remains unclear there's actually one
person who should speak who's a mother
of the movement Cleopatra Pendleton
Cowley the mother of Hadiya Pendleton
Pendleton you may remember was a 15 year
old girl who performed at events
surrounding Obama's second inauguration
than was murdered by gang members in
Chicago weeks later but I doubt she'll
target Rahm Emanuel the mayor of Chicago
for his failure to crack down on crime
in the city she's not gonna blame the
culture of gang violence fostered by the
Democratic Party which ignores single
motherhood and cultural deprivation as
rationales for violence probably she'll
talk gun control next time Democrats
leftists complain about Pat Smith
everyone should remind them she's
telling the truth her son died Hillary's
did nothing to stop it and then Hillary
lied about it
but Democrats dragged out grieving
mothers to push nasty smears about the
cops
the criminal justice system and gun
control without any evidence at all I'm
Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
tends to demonize people don't care
about your feelings
okay so here we are first off I just
want to thank our new sponsor who's new
sponsor Harry's razors so if you haven't
tried Harry's razors I'm a person I hate
shaving it's one of those things you
thought was really cool when you were a
kid and now it turns out it's really
just a drag you have to go to the store
and you have to have the attendant you
know kind of unlock the razors for you
because for some reason they think
you're gonna either steal the razors or
knife yourself or something
Harry's razors sends you the razors
directly to your door and they send it
to you cheaper and faster than you would
get it from a convenience store I've
shaved with Harry's this morning I
shaved with it last night they have the
there they're shaving cream is terrific
I actually shaved with it last night not
this morning which is why see the
stubble but last night I shaved with it
and it is and it is terrific the razors
are sharp they're great they're just as
good as anything that you'll get
anywhere else and you get them for half
the price plus the cream smells really
good my wife likes it so it's really
terrific it's a good shave it's a good
price and they send it to you so they've
a Harry starter set which is a great
option for 15 bucks you get a razor
handle and moisturizing shave cream and
three of Harry's five blade
german-engineered razors and if you're a
fan of the Ben Shapiro show and you not
only want to help support Harry's you
want to support the Ben Shapiro show
you'll shop at Harry's if you go to
harrys.com that's har ry Escom and then
use promo code Shapiro then you get five
dollars off your initial order so ten
bucks ten bucks for that initial starter
set which is the the blade the handle
and and the and the moisturizing shave
cream it's a pretty good deal so it's
harrys.com and use promo code Shapiro
and obviously help them they're great
advertiser and we're so happy to be
working with them again that's
harrys.com promo code Shapiro okay so
lots going on in the world tons and tons
going on in the world you know we'll
start today I really do want to get to
first of all you this is why you need to
subscribe it's a Lee Weyer folks because
in just a few minutes we're going to be
bringing on Heather McDonald of the
Manhattan Institute author of the new
book the war on cops which i think is
the most important book of the year
we'll be talking with her in a little
while we will also be going through
hillary clinton's n-double-a-cp speech
is his speech which is just awful it's
just another example of the left
pandering on the basis of race it's
gross it's terrible it's you're there
but obviously we have to start with the
other NCA yesterday was the first day of
the RNC now before we start with the RNC
note the polls are very close right now
the polls are basically dead even Donald
Trump has 6% Hillary Clinton has 6%
everybody else wants
commit suicide now they're actually
really around 40 they're both around 40
and 20 percent of the population wants
to commit suicide so the point here is
that Donald Trump needs a bit of a bump
from this convention in order to get a
bit of a bump from this convention he
should come out
he should be unifying he should let
people have their say and yell at him
and then he should be above the fray
right he should just that that's how he
should play it he's won the nomination
there's nothing he has to say to these
people to people like me who don't like
him you know all he has to do right now
is just go out there and attack Hillary
Clinton I've been saying this for weeks
if all he does is go out there and
attacks Hillary Clinton and if he does
just talk about the news cycle and gets
his surrogates to do the same puts a lot
of pressure on folks like me to vote for
him just to stop Hillary because indeed
she is evil so that's what he should be
doing right not very difficult
unfortunately Donald Trump is the most
easily distracted candidate in the world
I mean he just turns around and every
squirrel must be it must be chased every
squirrel so he opens the RNC and he
starts off before the thing even starts
by ripping John Kasich who's the
Governor of Ohio known as you know I am
no John Kasich fan every single time
John Kasich talked in any debate this
year at all 97 debates this year I would
tweet in all capital letters oh god no
please God not John Kasich I am NOT a
fan of John Kasich but he is the
Governor of Ohio if you're gonna try and
unify the party you don't go out there
and rip on the sitting governor of the
state in which the convention is taking
place right it's happening in Cleveland
that's it here is Donald Trump ripping
John Kasich I wanted it to be here the
Republicans wanted to be here but
honestly even if this were for the
Democrats he should at least show up and
say hello and say how are you doing he
got beaten very very badly he could have
you know left he should have left
probably many weeks earlier that he did
but he's been around do you think he's
being a sore loser well I don't want to
say that but you know what it was a very
contentious primary he lost very very
badly and maybe if I were in his
position I wouldn't show up either yep
so there is a okay so he attacks so he
attacks Kasich again you know I
understand why he's doing it I
understand why he doesn't like Kasich
but it's not exactly smart politics his
his campaign manager Paul Manafort the
guy who's supposed to get him under
control he also attacked Kasich again
this is before the convention starts
basically
they're there except for one or two
selectors you call them Republicans not
coming to town the city's gonna have
mostly music is he coming and speaking
except for one or two basic Kasich is
the only yeah and you know what he's
making a big mistake he's making a big
mistake he's looking at something that's
not gonna happen he's hurting his state
he's embarrassing his state frankly but
most of the Republicans who aren't
coming most of the Republicans who
aren't coming people who have been part
of the past and the people who are part
of the future of the Republican Party
frankly are going to be here
participating in the program see this
sort of stuff is not useful Mohnke Trump
tweeted said something similar she said
everybody who doesn't back my dad is
part of the past of the Republican Party
to which I responded you are an actual
registered Democrat right so I mean when
you talking about the future of the
Republican Party I mean first won't you
start by registering for the party
you're supposedly the face of this is
not smart put everything else aside
whether you like Trump don't like Trump
put it aside the distractions are not
smart for Donald Trump are they are they
I mean wouldn't it be better for none'll
Trump to just get down to brass tacks
and people who like Trump are begging
him to do this they're begging him to do
this you know a fellow talk-show host
like Hugh Hewitt who keeps getting out
there saying you know when's Trump gonna
pivot people who want him to do it okay
so that's what starts the convention the
next thing that happens is there's chaos
on the convention floor so they're a
bunch of people who say okay we want to
unbind the delegates remember that
failed in committee last in the last
week over the weekend basically now they
go to the floor of the of the convention
and people want a voice vote they want a
rollcall voice vote on whether Donald
Trump should should be elected to the to
the nomination based on the delegates
being balanced to their primaries
basically and he's gonna win this vote
by the way he's gonna win this vote the
delegates are going to vote to bind
themselves because they don't want to be
held accountable for throwing Trump
overboard at the last minute so what
happens they excuse me to go out there
and they want a roll call vote and
instead the chair gets up this guy gets
up and he starts banging his gambling
says we're gonna have a voice vote now a
voice vote just means whoever shouts the
loudest right we're just gonna take like
a consensus in the room here's what the
voice vote looked like without objection
the previous question is
order the question is on adoption of the
resolution all those in favor say aye
all those opposed no
in the opinion of the chair the eyes
have it and the resolution is agreed to
without objection the motion to
reconsider is laid upon the table people
lose their minds right because in that
voice but you can't hear anything right
they actually shut off the merchandise
this is the delegate from the state of
West Virginia for the purpose of
offering a resolution okay and then they
just move right on and the guy walks
away from the podium so it turns into a
ruckus right because all the people who
wanted the roll call vote they're gonna
lose anyway right they're gonna lose the
roll call vote but the idea was let's at
least get the delegates on record
supporting Donald Trump what happened
here is that the convention knew it's so
embarrassing for some of these people to
support Donald Trump out loud they
wanted to prevent the roll call vote so
they just had the voice vote and then
they said the voice vote was good enough
even though it wasn't now was it at the
DNC the Democratic National Convention
in 2012 they did the same thing when
they tried to take Jerusalem out of the
Democratic platform right it wasn't in
the Democratic platform Jerusalem is the
capital of Israel and there was a voice
vote and Jerusalem lost and Antonio
Villaraigosa stood up there and he said
know it past you know the Jerusalem's
back in it was sort of like that and
it's just it's not smart it's not smart
so so Ken Cuccinelli who ran for I think
it was governor of Virginia very
narrowly lost to Terry McAuliffe he was
one of the delegates and and he just
literally takes his credentials and he
throws them on the ground
well thank Ken Cuccinelli is is the next
one
it's out of the convention right he
throws away his delegate tag and he
walks out of the convention
so this was this was thing number two
right so thing number two is they the
instead of just letting them but again
what they should have done politically
is they just should have allowed the
roll call vote or they should have
allowed another voice vote so there's a
roll call vote who cares no one's gonna
remember any of that and Trump gets the
nomination overwhelmingly and he can say
we won we're done right that's all this
is not difficult stuff but it's more
important that they ram through this
thing without anybody objecting because
they don't want to make Trump look bad
they don't want people embarrassed by
having to vote in favor of these rules
on the floor of the convention okay so
that's not even before we get to the
night right then we get to the night and
Donald Trump does his entrance okay this
entrance is spectacular I mean I have to
say it's it's it's classic Trump he
promised glitz and glamour you have to
laugh I mean if you don't laugh during
this convention cycle you're gonna cry
so here is Donald Trump opening he
introduced his wife Melania which you'll
get to in a second and here was here was
Donald Trump entering the convention
okay so there's the entrance right the
full monty w the entrance just for a
little bit of for a little bit of
context here is what it looks like when
Darth Vader enters a room and also
here's what it looks like when the
Undertaker enters a room at WWE because
this is pretty much it
it is the mystique that is simply
oh my god is that the Undertaker's music
is that Donald Trump's music oh my god
it's pretty spectacular so he starts
that okay fine you know that's that's
Trump's Nick I get it it's cheesy the
thing about Trump's faced is that yeah
it's big but it's also the cheesiest
taste in the world I mean like
everything he does is super cheesy but
again none of that is a big deal here's
the thing none of these things are
particularly huge deal just in aggregate
they start to become distractions right
they become a little bit distracting in
aggregate so you know Donald Trump
so then Melania gets up and this has
been the headline of the of the thing
the headline of the thing has been the
Melania spoke and Melania who again it's
it's weird to have your third wife speak
for you to convention after she marries
you when she's 28 near 52 and there's
all sorts of weird issues where she's a
trophy wife and she's going on Howard
Stern talking about having sex with you
while you're still married to somebody
yeah like it's weird okay call me crazy
it's a little weird but she speaks at
the convention and she gives what is a
pretty good speech right she actually
goes out there and she gives a speech
that is very well received that seems
decent and then it comes out that
Melania and Michelle that Melania stole
a couple of paragraphs from Michelle
Obama's 2008 convention speech here is
the the juxtaposition of Melania and
Michelle Barack and I were raised with
so many of the same values the values
you work hard for what you want in life
that you work hard for what you want in
life that your word is your bond that
you do what you say you're gonna do that
your word is your bond and you do what
you say and keep your promise that you
treat
with dignity and respect
even if you don't know them and even if
you don't agree with them that your
treat people with respect Barack and I
set out to build lives guided by these
values in a past amount to the next
generation and we need to pass those
lessons on to the many generations to
follow because we want our children and
all children in this nation to know
because we want our children in this
nation to know that the only limit to
the height of your achievements is the
reach of your dreams and your
willingness to work hard for them that
the only limit to your achievements is
the strength of your dreams and your
willingness to work for them okay we can
stop it there I mean obviously this is
look it's plagiarism it's not her fault
she's got speechwriter she clearly
didn't write this I mean you think she's
browsing old Michelle Obama's speeches
come on she's out there spending $2,500
on his dress I mean that's not happening
she's they know so but the media have
made a huge deal out of this they made a
big deal no it really isn't the big deal
okay Obama plagiarized of all Patrick
Joe Biden plagiarized Neil Kinnock and
he's now the Vice President of the
United States
do I care that milania's speechwriter
copied Michelle's speechwriter
not really this doesn't make much of a
difference to me at all there are a
couple of things about it however that
are mildly important that are mildly
important the first is what I've been
saying which is that when you commit
this number of unforced errors at a
certain point it's a distraction from
the news cycle if this were a focused
campaign Donald it forgot about
replacing Trump even with Trump if this
were a focused campaign Trump would be
up five to ten points right now because
Hillary is so unpalatable if you told me
that at this point in the race Hillary
would be running at 40% I said well then
the Republican has to be up right I mean
there are only so many people in the
United States there are only so many
percentage points you can hand out but
he's not he's not up and he should be up
I mean this is convention time but part
of the problem is in the last week
Donald turn this is the last week five
days actually is not even full week the
last five days alone Donald Trump has
sued a campaign staffer for ten million
dollars leaked his vice presidential
pick and attempted to walk it back then
tweeted it out created a bizarre
hence logo that looked like the letters
were engaging in sexual congress had to
walk back a prospective convention
speaker including Tim Tebow attacked
Kasich as you saw unleashed his minions
to shut down a roll call vote
booked Scott Baio and Antonio's sabato
jr. to speak and by the way after sabato
spoke he then went on ABC News and
called Obama a Muslim called in live to
Fox News we'll get to this in a second
during Pat Smith's speech the Pat Smith
was giving this beautiful speech about
her son and Trump calls in to Fox News
and kicks her off the air because he's
calling into Fox News on his own Trump's
his own convention he entered the stage
obviously like a character from WWE or
Beyonce sends his wife on stage with the
speech plagiarized from Michelle and
deployed his campaign him to cover for
the plagiarism in other words if you are
rooting for Trump if you are rooting for
Trump
you have to root for him to do better
than this right you have to root for him
to do better I don't think that's too
much to ask that he does better than
this and you have to root for his
campaign to stop being idiotic so chris
Christie responds to Melania plagiarism
charges and Chris Christie is the
saddest man in Cleveland I mean chris
Christie legitimately just sits there on
like a small folding chair straining the
foe that he's the second saddest object
in the arena after the folding chair
upon which he sits and chris Christie he
just brushes this off right it's not a
big deal at all could you make a case
for plagiarism no not when 93% of the
speech is completely different than
Michelle Obama's speech and they they
express some common thoughts and so
listen almost word-for-word the one but
the worst you listen at the worst day of
a convention is the first day because
everyone's building up to it and
everybody gets breathless both the
delegates and the media about something
to cover in a controversy to talk about
I think after tonight we won't be
talking about this we'll move on to
whatever whoever comes up tonight yeah
and whatever comes up tonight will be
and that's always the exciting question
what will happen tonight so Chris
Christie brushes it off obviously and
then he goes in Chinese Donald's from
shoes Paul Manafort who's Trump's
campaign manager is also spinning it and
he defends Melania by attacking Hillary
Clinton listen I'm all for attacking
Hillary Clinton but she didn't write the
speech what the fall for cribbing
Michelle Obama's speech in 2008 whose
fault is that well there's no cribbing
of with shell Obama speech these weren't
common words and values
about her family that things like that I
mean she was speaking in front of 35
million people last night she knew that
to think that she would be cribbing
Michelle Obama's words is crazy
I mean it's so I mean this is once again
an example of when a woman threatens
Hillary Clinton she seeks out to a
demeanor and and they take her down it's
not gonna work this is one of the big
problems okay there are so many legit
critiques of Hillary Clinton when you
paper those over with critiques that
don't make any sense you end up just
throwing the whole kit and caboodle out
right instead of us worrying about the
fact that Hillary is legitimately a
criminal he's throwing at her that she's
attacking Melania unfairly because the
plagiarism like this is so stupid it's
such a distraction it's such a waste of
time you do have to love the shot of the
the show I didn't Freud of Corey
Lewandowski sitting there on CNN and
ripping into Paul Manafort though record
lewandowski's the old campaign manager
Paul manna forts the new campaign
manager and Corey lewandowski's on CNN
saying mana fort should be fired for the
plagiarism in Milan Ian's speech it's
really kind of amusing thank god mrs.
trump's a very smart articulate woman
her thoughts are her own thoughts and i
think if it wasn't mistaken at the staff
level and staff should be held
accountable see whose vision fireball
madam floor coming from Corey
Lewandowski the man who wasn't fired
four months after grabbing a reporter by
the arm and yanking her back and then
was finally fired quietly but it's still
being paid by the Trump campaign in
other words all of this is is bizarre
but just for a final laugh and this
isn't at milania's expense you shouldn't
write the speech but this is going
around the internet and it is funny and
that is Melania accidentally rickrolled
the audience and I've pointed out by the
way that the Trump has not has done this
before the Trump uses this line a lot
and so it's not milania's fault
obviously you sort of feel bad for her
but but here's here's Melania Trump
rickrolling the audience he will never
ever give up and most importantly he
will never ever let you down
okay so here's my big problem with all
of this okay there was real stuff going
on on the stage yesterday real things
happening on the stage yesterday Rudy
Giuliani spoke yesterday and Rudy
Giuliani gave a barnburner of his speech
about the cops
like a really good speech about the cops
a good case to be made that Rudy
Giuliani should have been the VP pick
for Donald Trump here since they're two
peas in a pod they're both had a brash
New Yorkers and this is their their
stick this is their routine so here is
Rudy Giuliani and this got completely
overlooked by the media right it's gone
now all we're talking about is Melania
Trump and plagiarism and Donald Trump's
WWE entrance Giuliani you know watch
Giuliani and tell me this should not
have been the theme of the night and we
say thank you to the Cleveland Police
Department for protecting us thank you
we we know we know the risk you're
taking and we say thank you to every
police officer and law enforcement agent
who's out tonight protecting us black
white Latino of every race every color
every Creed every sexual orientation
when they come to save your life they
don't ask if you're black or white they
just come to save you
we also we also reach out we reach out
our arms with understanding and
compassion to those who have lost loved
ones because of police shootings some
justified some unjustified those that
are unjustified must be punished those
that are justified
we must apologize - this is Giuliani
okay this is great stuff how is this not
a charm to make Americans stop it this
is this is this is what should've been
the headline last night right come on
this should have been the headline we've
got police shootings happening anti-cop
massacres taking place in this country
and the headline is Melania Trump's
plagiarism okay now I understand that
the media are corrupt I understand the
media are looking for an excuse not to
talk about the issues but that's not
gonna change don't give them the excuse
this is why discipline and politics is
important folks we can complain about
the media all day long I do it myself
but at a certain point you have to say
to yourself at a certain point you have
to say to yourself be disciplined stick
to message and there was so much good
stuff at the convention last night real
good stuff at the convention Sheriff
David Clarke spoke last night did the
same thing great speech sure Sheriff
David Clarke from Milwaukee ladies and
gentlemen I would like to make something
very clear blue lives matter
this should have been the compass right
right we've come on you got this
powerful black man by the way who's a
sheriff in Milwaukee a place where a cop
just got shot apparently right he's
speaking the truth about the cops is
that the headline this morning from
media of course that's not the headline
the headline is Melania Trump said the
same thing the Michelle Obama said in a
speech that nobody cares about because
who can't honestly who cares what the
wives of candidates have to say or the
husbands it's silly it's just silly this
is why you know when when we say that
the Donald Trump needs to get his poop
together he really needs to get it
together I mean this is not this is not
a game anymore if you want to win you
know I'm not even a Trump backer but if
you want to win if you think it matters
the Donald Trump beats Hillary Clinton
you should be rooting for Donald Trump
to stop making these kinds of mistakes
because it's just it's just foolish it's
just foolish again it's all distraction
so one more example Pat Smith right she
rips into Hillary last night here's what
Pat Smith had to say this is again great
stuff should have been the headline we
lost four brave Americans who made the
ultimate sacrifice for the country they
just deserved and the American people
lost the truth for all of this loss for
all of this grief for all of the
citizens of the tragedy in Benghazi has
brought upon America I blame Hillary
Clinton
I blame Hillary Clinton personally for
the death of my son that's personally
now Democrats were complaining about
this and we'll get to the complaints in
a little while but this is very
effective stuff this should have been in
primetime this should have been the
stuff everybody's watching right this is
the stuff that resonates with people
mother's standing there saying her son
is dead because Hillary Clinton didn't
do her job and then she was lied to the
mother was lied to
right shouldn't this be the headline
here's what was being shown on Fox at
the same time at the same time pan Smith
was doing this here's what was being
shown on Fox's clip 19 and she's been a
great wife and I'm gonna give her an
introduction and she'll go up and I
think she's gonna do really well all
right look we know how busy you are
tonight and we can't thank you enough
for taking the time to talk to millions
of people watching you right now and
we're gonna take a quick break and then
we'll come back to the convention floor
as a factor continues recovering
Republican convention in Cleveland so in
other words he calls in daily factor at
the same time Pat Smith is speaking
taking viewers away from one to the
other so all of this is just is just not
smart okay so joining us on the program
right now is Heather McDonald Heather is
from Manhattan Institute she also writes
for city journal and she's the author of
a fantastic new book called the war on
cops the most important book of the year
I said this months ago when I first saw
it coming to my mailbox long before it
was released I was ahead of the curve on
this one Heather thanks so much for
joining us thank you so much Ben I
appreciate the kind words yeah
absolutely so I want to start off by
asking you did you see any of Hillary
Clinton's speech at the n-double-a-cp
yesterday or read any of her speech at
the n-double-a-cp yesterday yeah to my
unhappiness I did read it and it's
absolutely appalling and it's a
dangerous portent for the country you
know when you say it's dangerous how
much of the the current anti-cop
violence do you attribute to rhetoric of
people like President Obama and Hillary
Clinton and black lives matter and how
much do you just feel that the sort of
anti cop sentiment has grown it's
there's there's this debate going on now
between the level of violence in the
level of rhetoric do you correlate them
absolutely there's no difference
whatsoever they're the two things you
mentioned are both the same thing
what the assassinations in Dallas and
Baton Rouge
are just more extreme examples of what
cops are experiencing in inner-city
areas across the country on a daily
basis Ben
a Chicago officer told me about six
weeks ago when I was down in Chicago to
look at the amazing ly terrifying crime
spike they're experiencing he said he's
never experienced such hatred in his 19
years on the job he said it's the job is
basically undoable now cops can't get
out of their car without being
surrounded by hostile jeering crowds and
when you have people being told
relentlessly by President Obama by
Hillary Clinton by the media by the
activists that racist cops are on a
homicidal vendetta against Blacks we
should not be surprised when people take
up arms against what is alleged to be
their KKK oppressors Heather one of the
I want to talk a little bit about sort
of the facts of policing and then I want
to talk about the rhetoric because it
seems like some of the Democratic
rhetoric some of the Left rhetoric is
now seeping into the right of people
like Marco Rubio and Newt Gingrich
suggesting that white people just can't
understand the black experience with
regard to cops
you have the entitled Trump even said
something similar on the air last week
let's talk a little bit about the facts
and then we'll get to why this seems to
becoming such a popular issue and why
it's politically palatable so there's a
study that came out last week you know
I've been corresponding on this this new
study from this professor at Harvard
University who finds that the the police
shootings are actually biased against
whites the whites are 20% more likely to
be shot than blacks but he also makes
the case that low-level uses of force
are more likely to happen to black
people and then he suggests this is why
blacks hate the cops is because of
low-level uses of force being used
against innocent black people what do
you make of that claim well first of all
let's note that he's changing the
subject and so is all the media they
have quickly suppressed as finding that
blacks are actually 24% less likely to
be shot by the police than whites and
are moving on to the second part of his
study which is that allegedly low-level
uses of force are higher against blacks
what he completely I think does not take
into account enough is levels of
resistance he bases his
windings on stop question and frisk
forms that police in New York City fill
out when they make a pedestrian stop
there is no way that those forms can
account in sufficient detail to be able
to make judgments about the level of
resistance that blacks and whites offer
and again when when blacks are getting
the message every day that they are
oppressed by racist cops it's not
surprising that they are resisting
arrest more and that's certainly what
I'm hearing from officers across the
country say you know I used to be able
to put handcuffs on somebody without
being fought or surrounded by hostile
cheering crowds now everybody wants to
fight them okay so one of the things
that the Republicans have done is the
new Republican platform includes a nod
to so-called criminal justice reforms
what I was mentioning before this kind
of crossing of the aisle of regard to
the idea that the criminal justice
system is biased or racist or incredibly
oppressive what do you make of the call
for criminal justice reform I understand
what the left is doing the left is race
baiting for political gain but why is
the right starting to embrace the notion
of criminal justice reform as though
there's some sort of mass incarceration
of innocence that's going on all over
the country
well first ban if I can just rebut the
premise on which it's based before we
get to the deep motives behind it it is
simply not the case that the
over-representation of blacks in prison
is due to criminal justice racism and
and let's also be clear that the whole
push for criminal justice so-called
reform is due to one fact only the
over-representation of blacks in prison
if that were not the case nobody would
be caring at all so this is all about
race and criminologists have spent
decades trying to prove that that over
representation of blacks in prison is
due to bias on the part of officers
prosecutors or judges and they always
come up short the most liberal of
criminologists we can even say left-wing
have been forced to conclude that the
presence of blacks is due unfortunately
to their very high rates of violent
crime blacks for instance commit
homicide at
times the rate of whites and Hispanics
combined and if you take Hispanics out
of that equation you get a homicide
differential of about 11 to 12 times the
arrests match the description of of
criminal offenders and felons given by
victims so it's not as if police are
somehow ignoring all those white
drive-by shootings in favor of blacks
they are going where the victims and
witnesses to crime are telling them
crime is happening and again making
arrests congruent with where who who is
being victimized and who the
perpetrators are as to why this is
happening
I just think that the narratives taken
on such power and Republicans simply
don't have the guts to stand up and have
this difficult conversation we've been
talking about phantom police racism for
the last 20 years been in order not to
talk about a far more difficult and
uncomfortable truth which is black crime
and Republicans are no more willing to
go there it turns out than Democrats so
moving forward you see any hope for the
situation at all because the way it
looks to me is it looks like if I have a
number one I think it can be very
difficult to recruit any cops at all in
this environment second of all if you're
a cop why not just pull out of the
cities of the areas that are most high
crime and basically you end up with the
situation during the Rodney King riots
in LA where general gates basically
pulled the cops out of South Central LA
created a cordon around that area of the
city there are riots there were killings
there were beatings there were lootings
there were burnings and then everybody
said well the cops are racist and he
said well yeah but if we go in there you
call this racist did you see that to me
it looks like the people who are gonna
pay the most for all of this are of
course black people who are living in
areas that the cops simply won't go
anymore well then you're absolutely
right we are seeing a slow-motion Rodney
King riot situation every day in inner
cities what I've called the Ferguson
effect which is the twin phenomenon of
officers backing off of proactive
policing in inner-city areas in the
resulting rise in crime already last
year in the 56 largest cities we saw a
17% homicide increased 17 that's nearly
unprecedented but if you look at cities
with
large black populations you get an
increase anywhere from 54% increase in
homicides in Washington DC to 90% in
Cleveland this is only gonna get worse
the assassinations are gonna make it
worse but the rhetoric is what's really
driving this and as you say recruiting
has basically come to a dead halt
nobody why would anybody want to be a
police officer today when the first day
you stand step into the job it's assumed
that you're a racist and you're
surrounded by people interfering with
your lawful authority book is called the
war on cops and you definitely should go
by it it's a national bestseller
obviously it's soaring up the chart
saying is number 2 on the New York Times
list this week or is it very high in the
New York Times list and it should be
it's it's a it's a very important book
Heather McDonald from Manhattan
Institute thanks so much for joining the
program really appreciate it I
appreciate it so much better thank you
absolutely okay so with that said and
with that background Hillary Clinton
spoke at the n-double-a-cp yesterday and
the reason I saved this for the end of
the show is number one because I wanted
to interview Heather first but second of
all because the the fact is that Heather
Heather McDonald's points are completely
ignored completely ignored by Hillary
Clinton in the left which seek their
their fine not just seek they are fine
with cops getting shot so long as it
forwards the narrative Hillary Clinton
spoke at the n-double a-c-p yesterday
she gave a speech that basically
mirrored President Obama's disgusting
speech at the Dallas police memorial a
week and a half ago here was Hillary
Clinton at the n-double a-c-p yesterday
so as the president has said indeed as
he exemplifies we've come a long way but
you know and I know that we have so much
further to go
we were cruelly reminded of that with
the recent deaths of Alton sterling and
Philander Casteel two more black men
killed in police incidents this time in
Louisiana and Minnesota okay the fact
that she's lumping together again Alton
sterling and falando kiss still was
disgusting she's lumping them together
with the cop shootings it's just insane
suggesting there's racism there she has
no evidence of racism in either of those
cases in one case the shooter was
in Minnesota in the other case it looks
like by all available evidence the guy
probably grabbed for his gun and the
reason I say that is because the
officers are warning him not to grab for
his gun and then he does something they
shoot him so you know without any other
evidence you would have to basically
rely on the cops word and he did have an
illegal gun in his pocket
doesn't matter to Hillary Clinton the
narrative is all that matters well we
have to cut off the live feed you got
plenty more than you were counting on
today so congratulations to you but if
you want to watch the rest go to daily
wire comm eight bucks a month will get
you in that also allows you to submit to
the mailbag that which means that I will
answer your questions you personally
you're a very special person as long as
you're part of the daily wire crowd so
go to daily wire comm to subscribe right
now or you can listen on soundcloud or
itunes later download the rest of the
show all right
okay so Hillary Clinton speaks at the
n-double a-c-p and first she starts off
by once again mirroring this idiocy that
falando Castile and Austin Sterling are
basically the same as as these cops
being killed and she she reiterates that
here's Hillary Clinton doing more of
that routine this madness has to stop
watching the news from Baton Rouge
yesterday my heart broke not just for
those officers and their grieving
families but for all of us okay so for
all of us it's breaking for all of us
not just for the officers and then she
goes on and talks about Veronica Steele
and Alton Stirling again because this is
the routine that she does right and she
trots out all of this all of this stuff
to claim that the police are racist so
what is she gonna do about it what is
she gonna do about it well she's gonna
restrict guns she's going to yell with
the police no time in this speech does
she talk about single motherhood and how
it destroys inner-city communities
because there are no fathers to keep
kids in line and no point is she
discussed the gang culture that has
destroyed inner-city communities all
over the United States and no points as
she discussed the nasty feelings that so
many black Americans have about the cops
that are not driven by Jim Crow because
they were talking about kids who are
younger than I am by ten years right
when you're talking about the high crime
population you're talking about
generally young males of all races
between the ages of 17 and 25 in the
black community those people are not
coming from Jim Crow America they're
younger than I am right they're born in
the 90s many of them and so here she is
doing the same routine and it's just
it's devastating it really is
devastating none of it is helpful all it
really is is just more of the same
because she feels like she can win black
votes if she if she continues to push
this forward the deaths of Alton and
Philander drove home how urgently we
need to make reforms to policing and
criminal justice
there first of all week she doesn't know
Alton and falando right I mean she
didn't come on she's so mechanical that
she can even pronounce their names and
then she says it drags the need for
criminal justice reform again not one
shred of evidence not one that those two
guys were shot for racial reasons not
one but that wasn't the end of it I mean
she would go on to talk about pushing
more government spending and backing bad
loans thing this is clip nine clip 21
for us this is where she talked about
how the real solution here is that we
need to give cheaper loans subsidized by
the government to black folks that's why
my plan includes steps to help more
african-american families buy a home
which has always been one of the surest
ways to build wealth and security for a
family okay so she wants to go back to
the era of subsidized home loans I seem
to remember that ended in a massive
economic collapse when it turned out
that if you give subsidized home loans
to people who can't afford them and then
they go bankrupt then the money's just
gone right but she's preaching this out
there as though there's some systemic
racism that's gonna be cured by bad
loans and then she gets to the truly
galling part the truly galling part
comes at the end of the speech so she
starts lecturing white Americans and
what we can do better which is just
she's standing from a black audience
latch lecture and white people which is
just that is the definition of pandering
here's Hillary doing it
I'm tired physically and emotionally he
wrote in uniform I get nasty hateful
looks and out of uniform they consider
me a threat he went on these are trying
times
please don't let hate infect your heart
I'm working in these streets so any
protesters officers friends family or
whoever if you see me Montrell said and
need a hug I want to say a prayer I got
you out there she did another section
where she talked about white privilege
which will play in one second cause it's
really going but this is even more
galling this is the height of going this
is what she's talking about Montrell
Jackson who's one of the cops is just
murdered in Baton Rouge and sighting
Montrell Jackson to talk about how he
would support her agenda Montrell
Jackson was a cop who was posting about
why people have bad perceptions of the
police and should stop it and there she
is using his memory as a prop to club
cops just vile vile stuff and then just
to complete how vile she is she went off
on white privilege this would be a clip
21 we white Americans need to do a
better job of listening when African
Americans talk about the scene and
unseen barriers you face every day
we need to recognize our privilege and
practice humility rather than assume
that our experiences are everyone's
experiences we all need to try as best
we can to walk in one another's shoes to
imagine what it would be like to sit our
son or daughter down and have the talk
about how carefully they need to act
around police because the slightest
wrong move could get them hurt or even
killed hey can we stop it there so she's
so number one as I've said about white
privilege white privilege is crap okay
the fact is privilege is what exists in
law we're all born with certain
privileges of course as I've said before
some of us are born poor some are born
rich some of us are born in certain
circumstances that are less beneficial
than other circumstances I was born into
a solid two-parent family I would like
everyone to have a solid two parent
family heterosexual family preferably
because men people need a father and a
mother but world's born in different
circumstances to suggest there is a
systemic white privilege that means the
cops shoot black people for no reason is
not it's not statistically true but she
pushes that out there and then suggests
that it's true it really is just it's
it's it's disgusting and she earns
points from the left for apologizing
basically on behalf of white people but
she doesn't get to apologize on behalf
of anybody but herself you don't get to
do that in this life you don't get to
apologize for anything except for the
things you actually did and last I
checked I didn't shoot a black guy and
mistreat a black guy I didn't do
anything wrong to a black person so I'm
not going to apologize for doing things
that I didn't do and in fact I'll call
out white people who do things that are
bad to black people and I'll call out
black people who do things that are bad
to white people it turns out decency is
the standard not color decency okay with
all that said time for a thing I like
and then a couple quick things I don't
so we've been doing the worst movie
villains of all time the scariest movie
villains of all time this is a movie
that not a lot of people remember or saw
it's called Rob Roy with Liam Neeson the
the character that's the most memorable
though is Tim Roth Tim Roth plays this
kind of effeminate horrifying dandy who
happens to be an absolute sociopath and
this is a scene where Jessica Lange is
married to two
Neeson in this film and and this this
kind of dandy shows up at her house and
he they're burning the village because
Rob Roy has started a rebellion against
the local governor and and here's just a
piece of that scene do you think you'd
be lying in his bed
and he's it's brutal I mean he's in the
whole movie he's just super effeminate
and there's a there's a sword fight this
has one of the best sword fights in all
of movies the very the concluding sword
fight is just fantastic because it's Tim
Roth fighting with basically a rapier
and and Liam Neeson fighting with a
broadsword it's it's it's a very good
movie it's very gritty but it's a very
good movie okay alright time for some
things that I hate so the media are
terrible as we already know after Pat
Smith gave the speech about how Hillary
Clinton lied to her and didn't do
anything to defend her son in Benghazi
the media lost its its poop I mean they
went they went crazy so Chris Matthews
Burnett McStay he he decided that it was
time to scold the mother of the Benghazi
victim here he was doing that I have to
say I'm overwhelmed because I thought
that marcus luttrell remarks were
fabulous and it's from a real warrior I
saw the movie it's an amazing story
about a guy who survived and at one
point really was he's generous to saving
the lives of some people potentially on
the other side and then end up causing
the danger he faced and of course you
know Bob Dole he was shot and really
maimed for life if you really understand
his injuries trying to save the life of
someone else on the battlefield and
Monte Cassino I mean these are true
wonderful stories and then to pile into
that this gross accusation that somehow
Hillary Clinton
had anything to do with the death of
Chris Stevens investment she has nothing
to do with it even if all the arguments
about the PR afterwards as Jean pointed
out are true worst case scenario she
didn't give a straight story afterwards
that had nothing to do with the death of
great ambassador over there I don't
understand why the Republicans would
choose to put this on prime-time
television when they have such wonderful
stories of American heroism to speak to
the American people I think it was wrong
I don't care what that woman up there
the mother has felt her emotions are her
own but for the country and choosing a
leader it's wrong to have someone come
out there and tell a lie about Hillary
Clinton it's not true it's logically not
true it's manifestly not true she had
anything to do in that case even if all
the arguments about what she said
afterwards or Susan Rice said afterwards
I'll meet the press are true and anybody
who thinks about it for a second knows
it's not true that's not right I get up
here in the mind go to Cleveland she's a
stinky place I comb my hair like shit I
really I better come on in here Lance a
little nicer than usual because I really
did it up this morning I got three hairs
like Homer Simpson they come over my
forehead and that means I'm beautiful
but now I'm here and I'm talking about
what happened in Benghazi it's not true
it's manifestly not true it's clearly
not sure it's evidentiary not true
nothing is true and if they say it's
true that's just because they're her
public in hacks Republican hacks okay so
here's the deal it is true that Hillary
Clinton and her State Department
rejected literally dozens of requests
for additional security in Benghazi they
did so because they didn't want people
to catch on to the fact that Hillary
Clinton's war was a complete disaster
that is true also I'm not gonna take
lectures on what's appropriate to show
on television from the same people who
thought it was wonderful when they
brought out the Jersey Girls in 2004 to
suggest that George W Bush was
responsible for 9/11 hey you don't get
to play that game you guys are honored
cindy sheehan four years before she
turned on you when she was complaining
that george w bush got her kids killed
in iraq for a lie her son killed in iraq
for a lie but it's the whole thing right
this is what Democrats do so this is my
problem the Democrats are always going
to attack but let's make them attack
let's make them attack Pat Smith let's
make them attack the mothers of victims
let's make them do that Matt Lauer did
the same thing he says that all the
speaker's she's just tone down the
it's just too much it's just too much
for Matt Lauer and his delicate
sensibilities in so much violence in the
country in the last couple of weeks
people are on edge they're tense you add
to that the passion that comes with
political debate and there are people
who are truly afraid that things could
boil over here in Cleveland would you be
willing to make a pledge to speak to
everyone involved in this convention and
say please tone down the rhetoric so can
you say to the people who are going to
take to that podium this week no
personal attacks no vitriol keep it
civil okay have you heard him make a
similar plea to Hillary Clinton the
woman who goes on national TV and says
Republicans are her enemies and the
Donald Trump is basically she said
yesterday he's the worst man ever to run
for president yeah which is just
historically ignorant I mean there was a
guy named John W Davis in 1924 who ran
on the platform against anti lynching
legislation so no no but you know this
is this is how the media act and this is
why it's so important you don't have to
play into their game and this is this is
why I really wish that Donald Trump
would at least provide an alternative by
doing the right thing we'll see how this
convention unfolds maybe it'll get
better maybe Chris Christie's right
maybe the first day is always the worst
and now it improves you know we can hope
for that because at the very least we
should hope for an elevation of the
level of this campaign I know it's a lot
to hope for so we'll bring you all the
updates tomorrow and and again subscribe
at Daley wire.com you can be part of the
mailbag I'm Ben Shapiro this is the mail
this is the Ben Shapiro show
you
