everyone is playing Pokemon go unless
they're doing something productive or
worthwhile then they're not Pokemon go
is the new game based on the Pokemon
franchise which was invented by Satoshi
Tajiri a Japanese name that when
translated means I will get revenge on
you for Hiroshima you round-eyed louses
by creating a game that saps your vital
energy with meaningless pursuits in
Pokemon games opponents select bizarre
little creatures and set them off
against each other and absurdly silly
confrontations no wait that's the
American primary system that's Pokemon
I'm not sure
anyway Pokemon go downloads the game to
your smartphone and attaches it to your
camera and GPS creating a system called
augmented reality augmented reality
looks like the world around you but is
really a fantasy it's like watching the
news on ABC when you look through the
phone's camera you see what's in front
of you only now there are Pokemon
creatures here and there and by throwing
your magic pokemon ball at them you can
catch them and begin training them for
battle augmented reality and regular
reality are different in augmented
reality you might see a gigantic
colorful beast thrashing wildly through
the streets and you might feel this is
just the creature you need to save the
world in regular reality it's just
Donald Trump and you've been played for
a sucker in augmented reality a lovely
cuddly yellow figure named Pikachu
accompanies a young boy through the
magical world of imagination in regular
reality Pikachu is no longer allowed to
accompany young boys because of an
incident in Tampa back in 1997
he's now pictured on a law enforcement
website with the caption Pikachu so keep
your curtains closed when you're
undressing in augmented reality a
fire-breathing lizard can be hunted down
trapped and carried away as a prisoner
in regular reality the FBI feels there's
not enough evidence to secure an
indictment against the fire-breathing
lizard and so she remains at large
running for president Pokemon go is a
game you can play anywhere while walking
down the street while driving your car
while live in the street after being run
down by the guy playing in his car or
while simply relaxing in your car later
with your face embedded in the
windshield it's a game suitable for
people of all ages from eight to nine
and for all levels of emotional maturity
from thumb-sucking Lee childish to man
that's it
but some journalists and other household
pests see a possibility that Pokemon go
technology might soon be put to more
serious uses instead of looking at your
phone and seeing imaginary creatures
like Caterpie and squirtle and
Charmander you'll be able to look in
your phone and see imaginary social
problems like climate change and police
racism and unequal pay for women and
they'll look almost exactly as if
they're real the new game will be called
democrat go just go really go we beg you
trigger warning
I'm Andrew Klavan and this is the Andrew
Clavin show it's my birthday so we have
balloons that's what I get from my
birthday you know I just love doing that
show yesterday having Larry Gatlin on
the show was really fun and today will
be will make up for that rep by being
incredibly depressing so that you can
watch 15 minutes live on Facebook and
then come over to the Daily wire and
listen to the rest or subscribe and you
can watch the rest and be part of the
mailbag because today is not just my
birthday's mailbag day and this I have a
feeling we're gonna get to exactly one
question today a guy asked a question
guy from Norway asked a question that I
feel is not just an important question I
feel it's the actual question of the age
it's the big question of the age and I
will answer it so yeah you're gonna have
to come back because that will happen
after we go off on Facebook all right so
they gathered in Dallas yesterday to
memorialize the five police officers who
are killed by a racist insane person and
our president I have to say the
president just made a beautiful wise
unifying speech unfortunately it was the
last president son at times it seems
like the forces pulling us apart are
stronger than the forces binding us
together argument turns to easily into
animosity disagreement escalates too
quickly into the humanization too often
we judge other groups by their worst
example
while judging ourselves by our best
intentions and this has strained our
bonds of understanding and common
purpose
but Americans I think have a great
advantage to renew our unity we only
need to remember our values we have
never been held together by blood or
background we are bound by things of the
Spirit by shared commitments to common
ideals at our best we practice empathy
imagining ourselves in the lives and
circumstances of others this is the
bridge across our nation deepest
divisions I know he did things he did
things I disagreed with his president
just a decent person you know even the
fact that he never makes speeches like
this he has never gotten remember when
he was president I mean did Jimmy Carter
shut up for 10 minutes during his
presidency when picking on him
constantly
he has never never been tempted to come
out and hit Obama who he must despise I
just have to believe he despises him
maybe it's just me but maybe it's me who
would despise I'm mistaking that for
george w bush but but he can't he had to
come out for this because he's a Texan
and this is Dallas and so this is his
his home state and that was real wisdom
when he says you know we judge each we
judge other people by their worst
example and ourselves by our best
intentions that is the definition of
bigotry that is the way we are all we
all are set to operate and I truly
believe that many of us if not all of us
spend a huge amount of mental energy
proving to ourselves as other people are
worse than we are and here which brings
me to our present president who came out
and made this speech and everybody I
know had the exact same reaction to it
it started out going yeah pretty good
you know you're doing well and then all
of a sudden out comes first of all he
mentions himself something like 50 times
but then out comes that Obama we know
and love who just has to politicize
everything and show everybody how much
smarter than us he is here he is we also
know what chief Brown has said is true
that so much of the tensions between
police departments
and minority communities that they serve
is because we asked the police to do too
much and we asked too little of
ourselves as a society we choose to
under invest in decent schools we allow
poverty to fester so that entire
neighborhoods offer no prospect for
gainful employment we refuse to fund
drug treatment and mental health
programs
we flood communities with so many guns
that it is easier for a teenager to buy
a Glock and get his hands on a computer
or even a book and then we tell the
police your social worker you're the
parent you're the teacher
you're the drug counselor we tell them
to keep those neighborhoods in check at
all costs and do so without causing any
political blowback or inconvenience
don't make a mistake that might disturb
our own peace of mind
and then we feign surprise when
periodically the tensions boil over I
detest this guy I really ain't you know
I know I know it's you know this is the
moment when we're supposed to say oh yes
he brought us together and I was
watching even the right wing
commentators were saying you me first of
all the thing about the Glock you can
get a Glock be more easily than a book
what world I mean this is like
everything he says takes place in the
world of Obama land you know Twitter
reacted I love the reaction on Twitter
twitter was Glock a book remake meat
books with Glock so they had they had a
Clockwork Orange and they had to kill a
clocking bird my personal favorite was
the Hunt for Red October that was you
know the thing is I can't I don't care
what speech you made even if he hadn't
done that he's not to blame for their
being crazy people there are always
crazy people but he is to blame for
inciting this hatred of the police and
by the way the police are one of our
most respected institutions along with
the military so a lot of what Obama does
it's a very weird thing Obama's a very
popular president personally but
everybody says the country's going in
the wrong direction it's like yeah you
know who's piloting this ship it's not
Obama he's standing over there making
speeches about the police but these
things that he says he's the one who has
said there is systemic racism that it
policing is is has systemic racism in it
which is not true and I will leave this
Heather McDonald who is one of the best
reporters in the country as I've said
again and again I asked her today I
emailed her and asked her if she would
come on the show and she will try to
hope
soon she was having like all these
people that think tanks these brilliant
people their computers keep going down
maybe maybe they just don't want to talk
to us I don't know but they're always
there but even when they come on they
don't have like Skype you know you guys
these guys have genius IQs it's like how
do you work the Skype thing I'm but
anyway Heather Heather is brilliant and
she has been relentless with reporting
the fact she works through she's at the
Manhattan Institute she writes for City
Journal she's got a new book out which
is called something like the war against
the police I don't have it in front of
me but it's doing really well it was
like number two on Amazon for several
days in a row she wrote a piece today
for The Wall Street Journal let me just
read you a little bit of it because
she's the expert on this situation for
two years American police departments
have endured relentless attacks from the
Obama administration its media allies
and the black lives matter movement
alleging that US law enforcement is a
racist deadly threat to African
Americans a handful of disturbing videos
depicting police shootings helped
galvanize widespread hostility to law
enforcement officers and cops began
backing away from the proactive policing
that stops crime but has been repeatedly
denounced as racial oppression the
result especially in the first half of
this year has been an appalling increase
in shootings and murders in many cities
across America most of the victims in
this poisonous era spawned by black
lives matter have been black now the
consequences of the stream of falsehoods
about police may be spinning out of
control with the assassination of five
police officers in Dallas last week and
the attacks on cops in other cities
since then make no mistake assertions
about systemic deadly police racism are
false that has been true throughout the
period following the shooting of Michael
Brown in Ferguson Missouri in 2014
recall that the cop involved was
ultimately exonerated by the Justice
Department but no number of studies
debunking this fiction has penetrated
the conventional storyline and that's
what we've been talking about all week
about setting the story now the left
uses the news media and the
entertainment media and our universities
to teach a narrative and that's what
we're gonna get back to that when we get
to the mailbag that is one of the most
important questions of the ages who sets
the narrative and how does
fact you because it affects even you you
know even when you're sitting there
going I hate the mainstream media it is
in your head much much more than you
know the war on cops thank you yeah
that's great the war on cops by Heather
Mac Donald who is just she's just such a
good reporter and and relentless and
it's so courageous I mean she goes into
the worst neighborhoods and to make
these reports and she's just absolutely
terrific
alright the war on cops good so
meanwhile our friends on the Left
talking about real criminals they have
Bernie Sanders came out and endorsed
Hillary Clinton yesterday this is one of
my favorite moments in the in the
campaign so far I mean he comes out and
he endorses her but he clearly I mean
you could just hear what he's thinking
underneath the words and listen to the
words the words themselves aren't that
friendly I am proud of the campaign we
ran here in New Hampshire and across the
country our campaign won the primaries
and caucuses in 22 states and when the
roll call at the Democratic National
Convention is announced it will show
that we won almost nineteen hundred
delegates
een hundred delegates
far more than almost anyone thought we
could win but it is not enough to win
the nomination
Secretary Clinton goes into the
convention with 389 more pledged
delegates than we have
of and a lot more super-delegates
Secretary Clinton has won the Democratic
nomination was it just me or could you
hear what he was thinking underneath I
don't know maybe it's me I just I just
felt like I knew what he was saying
underneath it you know about how much he
won and yeah she got those
super-delegates which he know he thinks
is rigged and she's standing behind him
this is one of the things I love about
she may become President of the United
States but she is so spattered with crud
the FBI is called they're a liar you
know he's endorsing her but says
basically she stole the election and
she's standing by with that frozen
Hillary smile on her face it's like I'm
the take any humiliation oh my god so
anyway and and and she was he's doing
this are wonderfully blandly sinister
Attorney Loretta Lynch he's been called
before Congress and they're questioning
her about Comey statement you know and
all this and do you agree listen to her
she's the chief law officer in the
country and she's stonewalling Congress
this is the this is her testimony if we
have we got her yeah Secretary Clinton
stated that she never sent or received
information marked as classified on her
server director Comey stated that was
not true do you agree with director
Comey you know director Comey has chosen
to provide great detail into the basis
for his recommendations that were
ultimately provided to me he's chosen to
provide detailed statements and I would
refer you to those statements I as
Attorney General I'm not able to provide
any further comment on the facts or the
substance of the investigation well
general Lynch I think you would agree
that the Altan responsibility for a
prosecutorial decision does not rest
with the Federal Bureau of Investigation
but with the Department of Justice which
you had have you not taken a close look
at the work done by director Comey
especially given the extreme national
interest in this issue to make a
determination yourself whether you and
those working for you agree or disagree
with director Comey as I've indicated I
received the recommendation of the
and that team was composed of
prosecutors and agents was a unanimous
recommendation as to how to resolve the
investigation there what the ending what
through the information that they had
received do you agree with the
conclusion and I accepted that
recommendation I saw no reason not to
accept it and again I reiterate my pride
and faith in their work
Secretary Clinton stated that she did
not email any classified material and
director Comey stated there was
classified material emailed do you agree
with director Comey's conclusion about
that again I would have to refer you to
director Comey statements for the basis
for his recommendation you'll never get
me copper oh wait I am the copper but
you'll still never get me it doesn't
matter all right we have to say goodbye
to our friends on Facebook come through
the Daily wire because we're gonna do
the mailbag and answer the most
important question of the age and where
else can you hear that
okay but this is beginning to tell the
thing is it's beginning to tell on
Hillary the new swing state polls
released Wednesday by Quinnipiac
University show Trump leading Clinton in
floor Sylvania and tied in the critical
battleground state of Ohio in three of
the states that matter most in November
the surveys point to erase much closer
than the national polls which have
Clinton pegged to a significant
mid-single digit advantage over Trump
except not because now they're ours a
new poll from McClatchy Marist Hillary
Clinton's lead over Donald Trump has
withered to three percentage point
Clinton has a now leads Trump by 42 to
39% which is almost nothing while
Republicans and Democrats are solidly
behind their candidates independents are
divided Clinton to somewhat better in a
four-way race with the Green Party and
the Libertarian Party now you should we
should point out that this is Clinton
collapsing and not and not Trump surging
but Trump is doing he's not spending any
money I mean he's sitting at home
playing darts and talking about Sodom
Hussein you know three points away it's
insane you know so like I don't know the
narrative that he has no chance I'm not
buying it of course he has a chance of
course he does this is these are the two
worst candidates we have picked the two
worst candidates in America to run for
the highest office in the land as you do
and just
like you know it could go anyway and she
is really she has had some of the worst
political weeks in my memory of anybody
but but he's done nothing he hasn't
capitalized on this he hasn't spent any
money you know there are no attack ads
on the air there's nothing is you know a
little bit of dough is his super PACs
are spending in his campaign is spending
basically banging themselves and he's
still still drawing closer to her you
know Shapiro says Trump has a ceiling I
don't believe in things like that to be
honest with you I don't think there are
any ceilings I think the minute you know
when this becomes a contest people are
gonna take a look I think what John
Nolte said when he was on the show he
said that it's gonna come down to the
conventions and the debates
it's probably true I mean because
there's nothing else he may have to take
place in federal prison because they're
still investigating Hillary and she did
you know she provably committed perjury
in front of Congress that's one thing
and the other thing is what was she
hiding on those emails but she you know
she was hiding the trade deal the money
deals she makes those money deals she
makes with the Clinton Foundation maybe
those will come out all right that's
enough that's enough this election is up
for grabs
it's time for the mailbag so the
question the question that I got that I
think is is from Ivar in Norway and he
says I agree with what you say about the
importance of having a religious morally
aware people in order to have a society
of men who can govern themselves the
problem is that even though I admire
Christianity I don't actually believe it
to be true most people here in Norway do
not believe in God yet our morals are
certainly Christian can these Christian
morals stand on their own without the
religion and the belief in God if not
would you consider it immoral for me to
pretend to be a Christian to better
promote the values and morals I believe
are necessary for people to be happy so
to me this is the question of the age
this is what the last Pope Pope Benedict
the 16th was always talking about he's
talking about moral relativism and what
an enemy to mankind it is and how it's
destroying Europe and it is destroying
your because people can't stand up you
can't stand up for moral relativism
against the onslaught of Islamics
you have to believe in something and
what this guy ivara saying is a real
problem I've read a lot of books about
this there's a book called education
Zinn by a Yale professor Anthony kromm
and why we should call ourselves
Christian by Marcelo Parra
an Italian thinker and he was a
congressman over there of some kind
maybe a senator he says the same thing
we have to pretend to be Christian
because our Christian values are real
but the Christian God is not essentially
and this is and there's another one what
happened to him whatever happened to
modernism you know why are we in this
post postmodern world of relativism and
all of these writers these are big
thinkers these are big brains we're
writing about this stuff and all of them
come to the same place where they say
obviously you can't have values without
God but I can't believe in God and and I
think that that's you know a valuable
there's valuable honesty in that first
of all you should not believe in
anything that you don't think is true I
don't believe anybody should embrace any
religion without believing it to be the
case you should not embrace it an answer
to the question that he has heard you
pretend no you shouldn't but you are in
a position where what you believe is
irrational and so when you ask the
question can these moral stand no they
can't they can stand for a while that
will stand for a while but ultimately
they'll begin to be eroded because
people pay attention to rational
thinking they don't mean to they don't
want to but over time things that are
irrational collapse it takes it takes a
generation you know a generation of
people raised in Christian in the
Christian world will remain Christian
but ultimately they'll start saying well
who can say whether it's best to have
Sharia law or British base law you know
who can who can say because you know you
believe one thing I believe another
nothing's good or bad but thinking makes
it so and that idea collapses so here's
the situation you're in you're in a
situation where what you believe is
irrational you believe in the values
that can only be supported by the
existence of God and let's leave
Christianity aside for a minute could
you believe in the values that can only
be that can only exist they can only be
objectively real if something like the
judeo-christian god exists but you don't
believe in the judeo-christian god now
when you believe in something
contradictory like that you have to ask
yourself which socket of that equation
is wrong it's it's only it can only be
one of the other either there's nothing
nothing good or bad but thinking makes
it so
and there's no God or there is something
good and bad and there is a God so you
believe in something irrational and you
have to ask yourself why why we talk
about this narrative thing all the time
why do you think the left is so
intensely fight so intensely to cease
the narrative when they come out and
they talk
climate change they don't say look here
are the facts and here's a chart and
here's the this thing going here they
say if you disagree with this you're a
climate denier you're like a Holocaust
you're an idiot you're a fool why are
they working so hard I mean the climate
change were you know catastrophic
manmade climate change were it really a
problem they wouldn't be screaming at
you like that they would come out with
the charts we'd all believe them we'd
say oh I see that is a problem they
can't do it so what they do is they try
to set the narrative okay they have to
do that and why do they think that
that's so important the reason they
think that's so important in all of us
without knowing it live in a
intellectual current when I use the word
narrative what I'm really talking about
is the intellectual current of our time
it's the way thinking is carrying its
carrying us along and it's really really
hard to step out of that flow it's
really really hard you know think about
these are things that have happened
throughout history you think about the
term the Middle Ages or medieval which
means the same thing if you see that
Quentin Tarantino picture Pulp Fiction
he says I'm gonna go medieval on you I'm
gonna go MIDI meaning I'm gonna torture
you most of the torture devices that you
see that you associate with the middle
Middle Ages are made up they were made
up for exhibits the whole idea of the
Middle Ages was made up it was made up
by the people of the Renaissance who
wanted to say well there was the
Classical Age of Roman Greece then there
was the Middle Ages when nothing really
was happening and and the evil Church
was stepping on everybody and now
there's today with us wonderful people
to pursue it was a propaganda campaign
and the reason you think of the Catholic
Church as being against knowledge as
being up against advancement because of
that campaign when you study it what you
realize was the Catholic Church was busy
during those years civil law civilizing
the savage German tribes that came down
and are now the British and the French
and all these other people you know that
that have set civilization those
standards okay so the Middle Ages is a
is a is it narrative a narrative that
was sold to you if you want to see how
powerful narrative is think about George
Washington holding slaves think about
good people having abortions those are
that will tell you you know you look at
George Washington a man of intense
virtue a man who gave away a kingdom he
gave away a kingdom just handed it back
to people because he believed so much in
freedom that's how much virtue George
Washington had and yet when his slaves
escaped he couldn't understand why
when they run away I was so nice to the
guy you know what was he couldn't
understand it because he was flowing in
that intellectual screen that said
slavery was ok and said slavery you know
was just something that had been dropped
on them but a British that was stuck on
it they needed it for economic reasons
he couldn't even George Washington with
for all this version could not step out
of that flow people good people who
commit abortion basically you know they
believe who fight for abortion fight for
abortion rights and who aren't bad
people you know I know in the in the
give-and-take and battle of politics we
like to think of them as evil some of
them are evil but most of them are not
most of them are doing what they think
is right you know they don't know that
20 years 30 years 40 years from now
they're going to be looked at the way we
look at slaveholders they don't know
that they think this is the right thing
because it gives women freedom that's
how powerful that flow is the narrative
that God is out of date the narrative
that science has disproved God that
science has made God irrational or
irrelevant is a narrative that is being
pushed on us since the 18th century I
mean great philosophers great thinkers
people and at some point it was actually
a rational reaction to the discovery of
science so things don't all we don't
really work the way passages in the
Bible seem to say that they work you
know that the things are created by
speaking them into being they're created
over this slow natural process and all
this all of which by the way I believe I
believe in science I believe that
science is true and I believe that there
are things in the Bible that are
supposed to be taken metaphorically not
literally but but it's just a narrative
when you ask yourself why a smart guy
like this fellow writing into us why he
believes in something he's believing in
something that's irrational
he believes that those values are true
but the God who supports those values he
can't believe in why not and I would
just suggest to you that if you hold the
contradictory or irrational belief you
study why you look at why and if it's
just the narrative climb out climb out
the same way the first fiscal and to get
us you know that's how evolution takes
place it takes place when you climb out
of the flow that's carrying you along
helplessly in one way you climb out and
you walk and think and act for yourself
there it is I've asked answered the
question of the
I think I think that's it for one male
that's enough for one damn male if I'm
gonna solve the questions of the age I
think I can just move on to stuff I like
so all through this week we've been
doing stuff I like great works of
literature you can read in a couple of
the horse I think I actually think this
is kind of important because I know for
myself I've I've lost my attention span
I mean I've gone to see I maybe seen the
play Hamlet oh I don't know it's got to
be like ten times and it's a four-hour
play and nowadays when I go to a play I
asked the lady who's taking my ticket
how long is this play and if it's 90
minutes I think how good because I miss
about it for me I'm like where's the
popcorn what's going on of TV because
it's an hour who has more than an hour a
day to entertain themselves you know so
that's so I've lost my attention span I
still do read novels that are like a
thousand pages long because they're so
great you know they're so powerful and
terrific and you can read them 25 pages
at a time so it is short but here are a
couple of things I've suggested I
suggested the Rubaiyat of Omar the
Rubaiyat of Omar Khayyam brilliant poem
that you can read in a few hours
yesterday was the dr. Jekyll and mr.
Hyde by Robert Louis Stevenson excellent
excellent
an amazingly entertaining book that's
virtually a short story if you've never
read The Great Gatsby
you should read The Great Gatsby by F
scott Fitzgerald I'm told that in Ted -
I haven't seen I saw Ted one that I
think it was enough Ted for me I'm told
in Ted 2
someone says who wrote the great cause
gasping he says f scott Fitzgerald he
says wait what does scott Fitzgerald
ever done to you but a cheap joke but
not my joke it's Ted however the great
gatsby is really one of the great novels
of all time and certainly one of the
greatest of American novels and it's a
very very powerfully romantic book it's
a love story and when I first read it I
didn't realize I kind of it was so busy
involved getting involved with the
language and the literary aspects of it
that I didn't realize how romantic it
was until I saw the Robert Redford movie
and then I went back and read it again
in fact when I was writing I wrote a
novel called man and wife that I wanted
to be short I wanted it to be condensed
and so I would write about five pages
and then I would read
a few passages from The Great Gatsby and
go back and rewrite the five pages and
the five pages would become a paragraph
because the book is so condensed so
powerfully condensed it's the story of a
self-made man a guy who comes from the
West and tries to and falls in love with
eastern upper-class people and just is
constantly yearning for that moment when
he was accepted for a few moments into
the world of the eastern upper class if
you want to see why the left loves
Europe and what their yearning for you
read The Great Gatsby because that's
what it is
it's the story of basically a gangster
who yearns to become part of the
American upper class brilliant brilliant
love story brilliant book alright only
one more day before the Clavin last
weekend begins so store up I want you to
store water and supplies and guns you
want your guns deaf push back tomorrow
to close this week out be there I'm
Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew Clavin
show
