we at the daily wire were honored this
morning to interview our nation's
president barack obama I'd now like to
read you the transcript of that Q&A q
mr. president thank you for being here
last week the director of the FBI told
us that Hillary Clinton repeatedly lied
to the American public and likely
allowed highly classified information to
be seen by our enemies and yet
immediately afterward you imply that she
was more qualified to be president than
any candidate ever how do you justify
that assessment a well now it would be
unfair to say that I called her wait
look over there a dead black man a white
police officer shooting killing racism
death look quick Run For Your Lives
black people dying white people killing
cops guns racism destruction look look q
okay maybe we should try another topic
in August of 2012 you said that asad's
use of chemical weapons would be a quote
red line for you in Syria and yet Assad
did use chemical weapons and you did
nothing is the Syrian fighting
metastasized causing an international
refugee crisis what happened a first of
all I didn't draw a red line the world
drew a red line I was trying to erase
the red line with my foot that's the
only reason I even mentioned it but look
over there dead black people living
policemen gunshots black mothers weeping
policemen and riot gear look how meanly
look look how black the black people are
America held slaves now everyone's dead
quick it's a crisis everyone should hate
one another oh the humanity look q right
well if we could just that stick with
the the Middle East for a moment in the
months before you took office in 2009
the fighting in Iraq had essentially
ceased due to george w bush's surge but
in 2011 you withdrew all our forces
there and since then an Islamist
insurgency has engulfed the region
facilitating the rise of Isis do you
regret your decision a well it was not
my decision to withdraw our forces it
was someone else's decision someone else
has been making very bad decisions and
then now I get blamed for it as if it
were my decision wait oh my God look
black man has been shot for selling CDs
another one has been shot for selling
cigarettes white policeman ranging the
country with guns or shooting young
black men for selling things women are
weeping martin luther king is dead the
promise of America is unfulfilled racism
racism racism luck luck luck over there
q well okay mr. president since he
seemed determined to talk about black
people in the police five officers were
assassinated this weekend in dallas by a
black racist and forty-four percent more
officers have been killed this year than
last who's to blame for that hey look
look look over there just don't look at
me trigger warning I'm Andrew Klavan and
this is the Andrew Clavin show worst
yeah yeah we're worst Clavin 'less
weekend ever I think the worst claim you
know I'm gonna have to sit here I was
think I'm gonna have to sit here like
the girl at the end of secretary
remember the masochist and her her
sadistic boss or master boss tells her
just sit there and don't move so she
just sits there for like 48 hours in her
own filth until he cums but I'm gonna
have to do here every weekend if you
guys don't let stop destroying our
country listen I think the important
thing is in the wake of the the tragic
events it's important that we don't
America doesn't come apart and we all
start hating one another I think we
should stand together as one and hate
Barack Obama because it's the worst
president ever I mean alright so we're
live on Facebook right for 15 minutes
yay here we are we're alive on facebook
and then after the 15 minutes can come
to the daily wire here the rest of the
show and if you're not so damn cheap you
could just subscribe you brought those
eight bucks a month out of your hand and
you could subscribe and then you can
watch the show the whole show and you
can send stuff into the mailbag yeah the
mailbag and when we will answer all your
questions all right so look I I don't
mean to get too dark but this is really
horrible I mean this was this was a
genuinely horrible weekend and I have to
admit I have to admit dead cops pissed
me off it pisses me off when people kill
cops and it's like so if I get a little
bit
on edge that's why I really feel these
guys are out there look you know I'm not
going to tell you they're all heroes I'm
not going to tell you they're all good
people i'm just saying that what they do
for a living is they go out there and
they protect us so we can do all the
other things do we do you know if you're
reading a book if you're going to the
movies if you're you know walking with
your girlfriend or your boyfriend that's
because of the cops that's because of
the cops and you don't see them when
they pull you over and give them a
ticket they give you a ticket it's
suddenly like rotten copy you know cuz
he just want you to wrap yourself around
the phone ball you know and when and
when he's out there you know busting
people and giving people a hard time
because they're breaking the law it so
the people can do the things that make a
civilization so it really really bothers
me so let's this starts this starts with
two more shootings that were the
unfortunate terrible thing about these
shootings as they happened is Hillary
Clinton was coming under attention from
the FBI and the FBI just show prove that
not only did she lie about everything
but she exposed all our information to
the Russians and unfortunately these two
black guys one in Minnesota one in Baton
Rouge Louisiana were shot as always as
always there's video and it's emotional
and it's terrible and all this stuff but
the facts are still coming out and it
doesn't matter I'm going to tell you as
a national news story it doesn't matter
they're going to be bad shootings you
know the cops have to kill people
sometimes that's a terrible thing and
some of those shootings some cops are
bad what they do some cops are good at
what they do and just make a terrible
mistake in the moment of decision may be
a cop here and there is a racist and
does something really bad it that's not
the point that is not the point Obama is
in Warsaw right he's in Warsaw and he
stops to make this speech the first
Obama cut I can't comment on the
specific facts of these cases and I have
full confidence in the justice
department's ability to conduct a
thorough and fair inquiry but what I can
say is that all of us as Americans
should be troubled by these shootings
because these are not isolated incidents
they're symptomatic of a broader set of
racial disparities that exist in our
criminal justice system and I just want
to give people a few statistics to try
to put in context why emotions are so
wrong around these issues according to
various studies not just one but a wide
range of studies that have been carried
out over a number of years
african-americans are thirty percent
more likely than whites to be pulled
over after being pulled over African
Americans and Hispanics are three times
more likely to be searched last year
african-americans were shot by police at
more than twice the rate of whites
everything about that is wrong
everything about it is wrong and it's
about it's about them narrative first of
all those statistics are meaningless
because they don't take into account
whether black people commit more crimes
whether Hispanics commit more crimes
where the black people reacted
differently when pulled over I'm not
even going to talk about yet the idea of
the tension between the police because
this is the new narrative they're
selling is the fact of the amote that
the first they create the emotion they
create the distrust and then they say
well the distrust is a problem and yes
it is it is a problem but that's not
what he's talking about which I just
want to talk about narrative for a
minute you know this is what I've this
is how I've spent my life making a
living is with narrative you don't tell
a story because of its individual
qualities Shakespeare doesn't write
Hamlet because he wants you to know
about what it's like to be a prince in
Denmark nobody ever sits down and
discuss discusses Hamlet and says you
know what does this tell us about the
you know the Denmark principe because
who cares who cares about the Denver you
know the principality in Denmark what
you care about is the way Hamlet
represents something about the human
condition every story is representative
whether it's a true story or a fictional
story the way the mainstream media works
in the way Obama manipulates the
mainstream media is this is I've said
this before i'm going to read it off the
page so the first rule
of mainstream media news coverage in
America whenever the prejudices and
illusions of left wingers are confirmed
by an individual incident the incident
is treated as representative when those
prejudices and illusions are
contradicted the incident is considered
an aberration and treating it as
representative is deemed hateful okay so
what does that mean it means a white guy
in Charleston a savage racist crazy man
in Charleston shoot some black people in
a church and suddenly you know the call
Confederate flags have to be taken down
it just shows you the still racism in
America you know racism eric has a
racist country in Dallas the same it's
the same guy same guy is a racist crazy
man shoots a bunch of white people is
that representative of the race of the
black racism in America when a Muslim
kills somebody more to the point really
that's the that's what suddenly it's
like don't judge all muslims don't judge
all month you know no so suddenly it's
not representative and it's hateful to
say it is representative that's the way
they manipulate the narrative and so
when he gets up and says when he had
something says I can't judge these
individual incidents but the point is
they're symptomatic let me think about
that for a minute symptomatic of what
they symptomatic of policemen have to
defend themselves the symptomatic of the
fact that blacks are more violent than
whites you know what are they
symptomatic of he's deciding what
they're symptomatic of in the statistics
that he quotes are meaningless okay so
now people are ginned up right because
the guy is that president is the main
narrative center of the country he's
setting the narrative now people who
joined up they go out for a black lives
matter protest now I don't like black
lives matter I think the whole idea that
black lives matter is inherently racist
but let's but let's put that aside there
are plenty of protests in this country
this was a peaceful protest this guy who
opened fire was not part of the black
lives matter movement he was a crazy guy
let's let's listen to David Brown the
Dallas police chief describing the
arrest of this this guy what's his name
Micah Johnson it appears that our search
of the suspects home in mesquite leads
us to believe based on evidence of
bomb-making materials in a journal that
the suspect had been practicing
explosive detonations
and that the materials was such that
there was large enough to have
devastating effects throughout our city
in our North Texas area were convinced
that this suspect had other plans and
thought that what he was doing was
righteous and believed that he was going
to make law enforcement and target law
enforcement make us pay for what he sees
as law enforcement efforts to punish
people of color I think that this killer
obviously had some delusion there was
quite a bit of rambling in the journal
that that's hard to decipher I can just
add at the scene where he was killed
there was a boss he wrote some lettering
in blood on the walls which leads us to
believe he was wounded on the way up the
stairwell on the second floor of the L
central building and where we detonated
a device to to end the standoff there
there was more lettering written in his
own blood what did he write we are we
are trying to decipher that but he wrote
the letters are be so they don't know
yet what the RB means the cops sent the
robot up with some c4 explosives and
blew him up which was cool that's cool
at least it's like I heard that I
thought cool you know good job good job
you know so Obama comes out and he says
oh hard to untangle the motives of the
shooter right because Obama is all about
narrative he's all about narrative you
know Loretta Lynch saying of the Orlando
shooting we may never know the motives
of the sky who said he killed because of
Isis we may never know we may never you
know like how could we know just and
here's this guy he's obviously like I
said he's the same dude as the guy in
Charleston the exact same person in
brown that's all the differences you
know my religion we couldn't Satan you
know it's just it's just evil takes
people over and they do this stuff he's
crazy and it doesn't it doesn't reflect
on black lives matter because he wasn't
part of them but it does reflect it does
reflect on the narrative that is being
used
Jim people up and tear people apart
because this is not what's happening in
the country and and you know by the way
well first first lets just hear from a
minute this guy Brown who really has
come eat came across great this is the
Dallas police chief he reflects on you
know the guy asked him Jake Tapper asks
him well you know what do you have to
say to these protesters so listen to
this what do you say to the people who
were protesting in Louisiana last night
or the people who were protesting in
Minnesota last night majority
african-american protesters who feel as
though their lives don't matter as much
to the police what do you say to them
we're so sworn to protect you and your
right to protest and we'll give our
lives for it and it's sort of like being
in a relationship where you love that
person but that person can't express our
show you love back I don't know if
you've been in a relationship like that
before Jake but that's a tough
relationship to be in where we show our
love because there's no greater love
than to give your life for someone and
that's what we're continuing to be
willing to do and we just need to hear
from the protesters back to us we
appreciate the work you do for us in our
right to protest that should be fairly
easy that's an amazing amazing emotional
statement that the police are in a
relationship with the protesters that's
like the relationship of a lover who is
not being loved in return that they're
ready to risk their life and that's a
gospel quote no greater love as a you
know quote from the New Testament no
greater love but to give your life for a
friend they're willing to give their
life that's how much they love the
people and love the people's rights but
these people don't you know and let me
ask you this oh yeah we got to say
goodbye to Facebook so come back to the
daily wire and hear the rest you know
the here's here's my question about
David Brown why isn't he black people
when Obama is talking about black people
when people are talking about white or
white people and black people why
doesn't David Brown represent why is it
always the thugs these punks these
street punks who represent black people
that's not the world anymore that's
the world anymore you know I mean that
is not that our experience you know I
live in LA it's a mixed city it's a city
with a lot more integration than it used
to have you know why doesn't day for
brown represent why when people talk
about black people why are they always
thinking about these guys you know
selling doing the illegal stuff on the
street instead of David Brown that's an
all-american hero that's guys an
all-american hero 50 years ago that guy
would have been blonde and had a
chiseled you know dimple on his chin
that would have been the everybody would
have said oh yeah he's an all-american
hero now that's what an all-american
hero looks like why isn't that black
people because the narrative then you
know at now Obama backtracks play the
next Obama cut now he suddenly he
backtracks oh yeah I didn't mean I
didn't mean to get everybody all excited
if communities are mistrustful to the
police that makes those law enforcement
officers who are doing a great job and
are doing the right thing it makes their
lives harder so so you know when people
say black lives matter that doesn't mean
blue lives don't matter it just means
all lives matter but right now the big
concern is the fact that the data shows
black folks are more vulnerable to these
kinds of incidents this isn't a matter
of us comparing the value of lives this
is recognizing that there is a
particular burden that is being placed
on a group of our fellow citizens and we
should care about that we can't dismiss
it you know that's that high-pitched
stuttering voice he gets when it's not
his fault you know I didn't draw a red
line is mine my decision to pull out of
Iraq you know and now it's you know he
says he said racism is in America's DNA
that's what he said oh but I'm not
dividing the country now I'm not
dividing the country and he says we were
not as divided we're shooting each other
industries we're not as divided as
people some people may say it raises
them he also he's also Wendy before he
took office he said
thanked the Moses generation of civil
rights fighters who take took us ninety
percent of the way he said we still have
to go ten percent of the way more you
think we've gotten closer to the promise
zombicide feels like we sort of took a
left turn at the Jordan you know like
was there a wandering around and by the
way when he says with black lives matter
that doesn't mean the blue lives don't
matter let's not forget that the
governor of Maryland when he was a
Democrat candidate martin O'Malley and
Bernie Sanders who were shouted down by
black lives matter for saying all lives
matter martin O'Malley is the video he
had to apologize for saying all lives
matter that was a mistake on my part and
I meant no disrespect and I did not mean
to be insensitive anyway or to
communicate that I did not understand
the tremendous passion commitment and
and feeling and and depth of feeling
that all of us should be attaching to
this issue Soviets show trial you have
to go in like kowtow before the leftist
narrative of racism I mean that's what
it is and by the way just by the way
today front page New York Times
surprising new evidence surprising new
evidence shows a bias in police use of
force there is a bias and police use of
force but not in shootings there's no
bias in police shootings okay first of
all I just love that word surprising
okay because it's like the word
offensive that they use in headlines now
he used a fence offensive language you
think wasn't offensive to me you know
where to get it not surprising to me
that the police are don't use by i hears
that a new study confirms that black men
and women are treated differently in the
hands of law enforcement they are more
likely to be touched handcuffed pushed
to the ground or pepper sprayed by a
police officer even after accounting for
how where and when they encounter the
police but when it comes to most lethal
lethal form of force police shootings
the study finds no racial bias it is the
most surprising result of my career said
Rowland G fryer jr. the author of the
study and a professor of economics at
Harvard listen to that guy's name by the
way Roger rolling G fryer you're going
to hear from him because he's a data
oriented black professor one of the
youngest professors ever to get tenure
at Harvard and he takes on some very
very controversial stuff for instance he
tested whether to see if lower IQ rates
in blacks were genetic or whether they
were because of the culture of that they
were growing up in and his evidence
which was pretty sound shows that it's
because of the culture like when they're
when babe their babies their IQ is
pretty much the same at two it starts
they start to divert so that's obviously
a cultural thing but again it's the
snare the narrative is wrong and this in
why why are they selling this now you
know let's just pause for a second when
we're listening to obama talk about
black lives matter let's listen to Rudy
Giuliani Rudy Giuliani mayor of New York
best friend the black man ever had four
thousand lives I believe is the proper
statistic for the number who were saved
by his policing techniques and every
single day the New York Times called him
a racist every day remember was Giuliani
time when a black guy got beaten up by a
lousy cop it was Giuliani time they
spread that lie that the cops said that
we don't have to be nice to you anymore
it's Giuliani time it didn't happen
nobody ever said it but they spread that
this guy saved all those lives by
installing this no tolerance just listen
to what he says about black lives matter
so maybe whites have to look at it
differently and blacks have to look at
it differently whites have to realize
that african-american men have a fear
and boys have a fear of being confronted
by the police because of some of these
incidents some people may consider it
rational some people considered
irrational but it's a reality it exists
and there's a second reality in the in
the black community the second reality
in the black community is there's too
much violence in the black community so
a black will die one percent or less at
the hands of the police and ninety-nine
percent at the hands of a civilian most
often another black so if you want to
protect black lives so that's Giuliani
you know doling out some facts that if
you're going to get killed it's the
people that the police arrest who are
going to kill you it's not the police
we're going to kill you whether you're
black or white but again he has to say
as we all have to say that the fact that
black people don't trust the police
makes the relationship you know you want
to go into a neighborhood and have the
trust of the law-abiding people and
remember remember
majority of the people in black
neighborhoods as in white neighborhoods
are law-abiding people and those are the
people that need the police and trust
the police want the police and you could
see them after these killings that were
weeping for the cops you know they you
know they understand but it's not fair
to gin up that mistrust as Obama does
with fall statistics and false narrative
and false representation taking the
incidents and making them representative
that's what we're talking about taking a
single individual incidents and saying
that they're symptomatic that's what he
does it's not fair to gin up that
mistrust and then blame that mistrust
when you created you know Myron magnet
brilliant guy and a friend of mine he
brought me into city journal where I'm
now a contributing editor he was the
editor of City Journal he wrote he wrote
a wonderful book I believe was called
the dream in the nightmare of how the
dreams of the 60s the liberal dreams of
the 60s became the nightmarish
crime-ridden streets of the of the 1970s
and he wrote an article in city journal
today and you should really read it
because I haven't got time to read the
whole thing but you really should look
at it because he knows so much about
this but he says after thursday's
terrorists slaughter of policemen in
Dallas it's fair to say that Barack
Obama might well be the worst president
in US history here's why the keynote of
America's domestic politics for the last
60 or 70 years has been the nation's
effort to undo the heinous wrongs that
slavery and Jim Crow perpetrated on
black Americans ever since the first
slave was brought here in the 1640s and
he then talks about all the efforts to
get kids into school and remember you
know this stuff was real folks you know
people are forgetting just like that
forgetting the Holocaust but this stuff
was real governors of states you elected
officials stood in schoolhouse doorways
with baseball bats to keep Brown
children out you know that's what that
happened you know cops set dogs on
marchers they weren't doing what David
Brown was talking about risking their
lives they said dogs on peaceful
marchers those things really happen this
legacy of racism is real nobody says
it's not but here's the thing you know
well let me let me finish what Myra nest
is it he talks about how this zeal for
civil rights became xela tree and how we
started to
you know address things in all the wrong
ways to basically say that the
government could solve these problems we
give you welfare we're going to give you
a firm ative action we're gonna stop
police in your neighborhoods one of the
things they did because you know it was
righteous for blacks to be violent
because they've been so oppressed and
what he finally says is look at the end
of the Civil War Lincoln addressed the
fact that there was going to be an
immense cost for paying the sin of
slavery in the final accounting he said
it might turn out that mrs. Lincoln
speaking all the wealth piled up by the
bondsman's 250 years of unrequited toil
shall be sunk and every drop of blood
drawn with the lash shall be paid by
another drawn with the sword he was
talking about the Civil War the people
were gonna have to die to erase this
terrible sin of slavery but then when it
was over he said with malice toward none
with charity for all let us bind up the
nation's wounds and Myron goes on to say
unlike Lincoln America's first black
president didn't bind up the nation's
wounds but scratch them open every time
police killed the black man and that is
the thing you know I mean Obama has sold
this narrative because it works for him
I I don't think he's cynical I actually
think he believes this stuff but it's
the 1970s he's selling us of the 1970s
and he's bringing the horrible 1970s
back you know and people this thing with
Obama you know he's never to blame he's
never to blame for anything he never
said it he never did it if it goes bad
it wasn't him it was somebody else the
world through the red line he didn't say
all this stuff he didn't bring this
stuff to the fore well he did he did do
it and he used his tenor as a first
black president with a with a black head
of the Justice Department I mean at this
point it's clear that America is willing
to set this stuff aside it is our their
individual racist sure is there racism
in institutional racism in America no
there's not they're just not isn't
anymore he could have healed this it was
although we were almost there and he has
set us back and for that he bears a
terrible responsibility and one of the
reasons he has done this by the way is
to save his own failed presidency his
presidency is a failure but no
he wants to say the first black
president is a failure because that's
part of that's their racial narrative
it's only by setting aside the color of
the skin and thinking about the the
badness of his ideas that you can see
his presidency for what it is a total
failure just a terrible weekend guys
come on come on I can't stay here
forever I have to tell you one quick
funny story but before then get out of
this darkness you know I have this book
coming out my butt the memoir of my
conversion to Christianity the great
good thing it's called the great good
thing a secular Jew comes to faith in
Christ and it got this is the point it
doesn't come out until September though
you can pre-order it now on amazon or
any of those and i hope you will but
this is the point when you start to get
wetter called pre pub reviews so
Publishers Weekly is kind of the variety
of it's the trade paper of publishing so
Publishers Weekly brought out a review
and the review was wonderful they called
it fascinating they called a compelling
there's a wonderful wonderful review
this is just for booksellers it's not
for the public but part of this story of
my life is this amazing marriage I have
had to my wife and what a wonderful
marriage has been and how the love that
exists between a man and woman that our
marriage kind of set me on the path one
of the things that set me on the path to
understanding that there was a greater
love that informed that love and that
gave that love to us so this guy I think
he read the book but I just don't think
he wrote the sentence grammatically
right and and the book is practically a
love letter to my wife so he's writing
this review and and I talked about how i
went into a terrible period of despair
in my late 20 terrible terrible suicidal
period I've really lived two lives I've
lived that period up till that point and
this amazing period I had afterwards of
joy and growth and happy but up until
that point I was terrible's right and so
he wrote rights marriage marriage added
to the complex picture filling the
author with a despair they would lead
him to seek professional I think that's
what you meant to say but I've been I've
been chasing my wife around the house
all weekend long reading a sentence of
her
you filled the author with a despair if
you wouldn't see a man struck down with
a copy of publishers weekly you can come
to my house grammar is a lost art and
it's there it's not like there are no
victims in the lost art of Graham oh all
right so this week stuff I like is going
to be great books that you can read in a
couple hours okay it's like this is like
if you want a quick thing read the
Rubaiyat of Omar Khayyam the Rubaiyat of
Omar can I am one of the greatest poems
were the most biggest best-selling poems
that it's actually a book of poems of
quatrains it was theoretically written
by a medieval Muslim guy but nobody is
quite sure whether we was written by him
or by Fitzgerald that would add word
Fitzgerald the guy who said he
translated them it's kind of like it's
half the work of Omar Khayyam but really
it's also these translations because the
translations are really different it was
it was written in 1859 or published
maybe nobody noticed it was thrown into
a remainder bin and a guy found it in
the remainder bin and started to hand it
out to his pals read it and started
handed out it was passed many of them
with some of the most famous artists of
Victorian age and so it became this big
thing the most famous verse from it is a
book of verses underneath the bough a
jug of wine a loaf of bread and thou
beside me singing in the wilderness Oh
wilderness were paradise in now which
means enough wildernesses paradise and
there's a play called our wilderness you
know this use it used to be every
everybody used to read this when I was
an elementary school when I was an
elementary school I knew that verse a
book of verses underneath the bough a
jug of wine a loaf of bread and Dow
anyway it's it's a book about how you
should live for the moment you know it's
it's kind of like Ecclesiastes eat drink
and be merry it's it's a wonderful
wonderful book of poems book of
quatrains just fabulous to read you can
read it in a couple hours would be done
and it'll keep you out of trouble while
I'm off the air because otherwise we
cannot go on like this
it's too all right hopefully things are
gonna get better as we push into the
Clavin filled week I hope so be here
we'll find out tomorrow's Tuesday will
have a guest on to talk about Dinesh
D'Souza's new film that'll be exciting
all right so be there for that I'm
Andrew Klavan this is the Andrew Clavin
show thank you for being here
