last week a gay Democrat Muslim
terrorists murdered 49 people at a gay
nightclub in Orlando Florida the left
blames of course the Constitution first
they said they didn't like the Second
Amendment reporters from CBS News and
Huffington Post were shocked to learn
that law-abiding Americans without a
criminal record could purchase rifles in
states like Florida and Virginia
President Obama he went down to Florida
and said Republicans have conspired to
ensure that terrorists could buy weapons
one writer for voxcom even suggested
that he'd like the President to
summarily disarm all Americans
this is totally idiotic there are 300
million guns in America there are
hundred million gun owners but there
aren't 100 million massacres or ten
million or a million or a hundred
thousand or ten thousand or 100 that are
a handful each is terrible
but more people die in the United States
thanks to being hit with blunt objects
than from rifle fires in 2014
248 people were murdered with rifles 435
were killed with blunt objects there's
been no call as of yet to outlaw assault
faces but attacking the Second Amendment
isn't enough for the left now they don't
like the Due Process Clause of the Fifth
Amendment you know the fundamental right
to be presumed innocent until you're
proven guilty the part that says that
the government can't take your rights
until they show evidence against you and
you get to defend yourself the left now
says openly that this particular right
hinders the FBI from stopping terrorists
from getting guns they say they want to
ban everybody on the terror watch list
from buying a gun they want to keep
banning them for five years after they
get off the terror watch list which is
of course ridiculous there are 800,000
people on the FBI's terror watch list
that included senator Ted Kennedy when
he was alive it also includes 72
employees of the Department of Homeland
Security there are no clear standards
for how you put on the terror watch list
no clear standards how you get off of it
there's no established way to challenge
your inclusion on the list
the Orlando jihadis himself was removed
from the terror watch list in 2014 when
the FBI decided to take no longer with
following the left scenes significantly
more concerned about constitutional
rights for terrorists at Guantanamo Bay
than from law-abiding Americans at home
here's a better solution than destroying
our Second Amendment and Fifth Amendment
rights target jihadism
the left complains about using the term
radical Islam but the only way to
preserve our constitutional right is to
target jihadists those are the bad guys
the FBI has said there are about a
thousand active probes related to Isis
but they're only monitoring 50 to 100
suspects on a 24-hour basis how about
watching them all the FBI certainly
should have been watching the Orlando
jihadist would have been that tough the
Orlando jihadist was reported to the FBI
by Disney World for scoping it out as a
target three months ago a Florida gun
shop refused to sell the Orlando
jihadist ammo because he looked
suspicious they reported him to the FBI
last month the FBI didn't even follow up
that's probably because the FBI is
afraid of being castigated by the Obama
administration for Islamophobia
whistleblower Philip Haney said that
when he worked for the Department of
Homeland Security he was told to scrub
quote several hundred records of
individuals tied to designated Islamist
terror groups like Hamas from the
important federal database why because
they were Muslim that might have more to
do with the Muslim jihadist Motoring 49
people than the other 99 million 999,999
people who own guns in the United States
who didn't shoot up a gay club all of
which means the left wants to take our
rights they're just looking for an
excuse to do it the same people who
weren't able to protect the victims in
Orlando now say that if we just give up
our ability to protect ourselves from
both them and the jihadists everything
will be cool our answer should be
obvious
no our lives are more important than
your politically correct yearning
