Donald Trump has fired his embattled
campaign manager Corey Lewandowski
Lewandowski caused a controversy several
months ago when he grabbed the arm of
reporter Michelle fields leaving her
bruised but at the time Trump dismissed
the incident after he viewed a video
showing Lewandowski grabbing Fields arm
and said it didn't show Lewandowski
grabbing fields arm
Fox News host Sean Hannity backed Trump
in this saying quote I've looked at this
video a hundred times and can't see any
sign of then Hannity walked face-first
into a wall and was knocked unconscious
sources close to the campaign said
Trump's daughter Ivanka pushed her
father to get rid of Lewandowski after
Lewandowski planted disparaging stories
in the press about her husband Jared
Kushner suggesting Kushner had married
into the Trump family of his own free
will nonetheless the sources said
lewandowski's parting was amicable and
that he was informed that he had been
terminated during a friendly running gun
battle with security guards after which
he was dragged by his heels from the
building leaving scratch marks on the
marble floor he then received a free
Trump steak from the sharper image as a
parting gift in a series of interviews
with the hosts of every show on Fox News
Trump said the tensions had been
mounting in the campaign because of
lewandowski's behavior it was one thing
when Corey roughed up a female reporter
that was all right Trump said but it was
another thing when he ripped the
still-beating heart out of a female
staffer with his blood-drenched teeth
that was okay too but when my poll
numbers started to drop I'd had enough
some campaign insiders reportedly blamed
Lewandowski for Trump's poor performance
over the past few weeks
one knowledgeable source said quote it
was Lewandowski who insisted Trump
insulted Judge for being Mexican it was
Lewandowski who forced Trump to suggest
President Obama was in league with
terrorists it was Lewandowski who crept
into Trump's room at night and colored
his face armed and combed his hair over
the top of his head
it was Lewandowski who demanded that
Trump babbled the same five or six
one-syllable words over and over like a
two-year-old instead of explaining his
complex nuanced vision for America now
that Lewandowski Lewandowski is gone
everything is going to be great unquote
in an interview with CNN Lewandowski
said he had been proud to be
part of the Trump campaign and was now
proud to be humiliated and thrown out
into the street like a piece of rotting
beef we accomplished a lot of important
things during my tenure with the
campaign Lewandowski said together we
proved beyond a shadow of a doubt that
the people of this great land are ready
to rise up and follow any idiot who
talks a lot of nonsense in a loud angry
voice in the wake of lewandowski's
firing insiders have closed ranks in
order to determine how to rid the Trump
campaign of its largest problem but so
far Trump himself has refused to leave
trigger warning
I'm Andrew Clayman and this is the
Andrew Clavin show yeah so long so long
Korey we loved it like just like did he
punch like a female staffer on the way
out you know just leaving pow you know
all this all is happening as I foretold
as in step under would say I mean
yesterday no well first we should stop
for just a minute and remind you that
tomorrow right is mailbag day yeah you
cannot get in unless you subscribe if
you don't subscribe I can't answer your
questions if I don't answer your
questions god only knows what's going to
happen to you questions unanswered you
know anything could anything could go
wrong but if you subscribe you get a
month free and then it's like $7.99 a
month thereafter and we will answer your
questions until even your mother doesn't
recognize oh I don't even know what that
means what I just I just so we we take a
lot of flack on the Donald Trump side
you know for not liking Trotman people
are always saying to us that we are
going to get Hillary Clinton alike
people blame us for everything I mean
yeah there was a guy who was I guess it
was a Saturday in Las Vegas who was
arrested he at a trump rally he tried to
grab a police officer's gun and he said
I was I came here to kill Trump and I
was ready to be killed by the police
and when he was foiled he returned to
being Speaker of the House it was you
know but somebody it was Tammy Bruce I
like Tammy very much he's a very bright
woman Ritchie said you know she tweeted
you know
because of all of that anti-trump
rhetoric you know that this happens like
like some nut can't be inspired on his
own to go after a guy as as you know
insight you know guy like Donald Trump
who just incites people gets people all
worked up and and we get this all the
time that we are going to get Hillary
elected but maybe some Trump supporters
ought to look in the mirror because they
are the people who put this the one
person that Hillary Clinton might meet
they brought to the fore he he's the one
guy she could destroy yeah I mean I
think the we the way things are going I
mean we talked about this yesterday but
we've got to talk about more today
because it's the headlines now you know
the Obama administration is unraveling
but not just the Obama administration
the Obama narrative is unraveling
everything that he is selling and that
Hillary is selling is coming apart at
the seams
yesterday today's headlines should have
been about this insane redacted report
that came out of Hill and our shooter
but instead it's about this so what
we're gonna do we're gonna look at the
Lewandowski thing and then just take a
look at what it obscured take a look at
what did not get reported I don't think
the New York Times reported at all of
course that's kind of their brief at
this point and not report things but but
Lewandowski just just this chaos in the
Trump campaign kind of overtook the news
it so it was like this perfect you know
is this perfect storm of not only
hurting the Trump campaign but helping
Hillary and helping Obama who are at
this point kind of in this together
because she's running on his record so
let's let's take a look well look at
Lewandowski the thing was the campaign
had been suffering now it's now by the
way there's a narrative going around
that the campaign was suffering in the
polls but that's very hard to tell
because Hillary Clinton was rot is
rising in the polls as Bernie Sanders
people come over to to her so that was
gonna happen anyway anyone could have
told you before that happened that the
minute she secured the nomination her
poll numbers were gonna go up again and
all this you know this is kind of false
walking on water the Trump was doing was
gonna disappear so that's that may not
be connected to the fact that he's been
saying all this crazy thing about
President Obama being in league with the
terrorists and about the judge being a
Mexican and so he couldn't decide the
case fairly and all this stuff that it
looked on
as faux pause because for positon his
whole campaign he's been running on
Phobos and it's been working but now
that he's out in the general people are
assuming that it won't work maybe so but
what it is doing what it is definitely
doing is it's scaring away the donors
and that don't I mean he has been here's
here's the Wall Street Journal Donald
Trump raised 3.1 million dollars in the
month after he became the Republican
Party's presumptive nominee giving him a
staggering cash disadvantage heading
into the general election against
Hillary Clinton after largely
self-financing the primary election mr.
Trump said last month that he would
begin actively soliciting money for the
general election he appointed a national
finance chairman and finalized joint
fundraising vehicle with the Republican
National Committee but his halt that
month suggests his campaign was unable
to turn his clinching of the party's
nomination into any fundraising boost
mrs. Clinton meanwhile raised 27 million
dollars last month she has raised 240
million dollars over the course of the
cycle to mr. Trump's 17 million let me
report that to her let me repeat that
240 million for Hillary seventeen
million for Trump and he's loaned
himself forty five point seven million
so you know that all that's just numbers
but it all translates into ads and two
attack ads into getting her message out
into buying reporters which have
obviously they come kind of cheap so
that she doesn't need much money for
that but you know it's all message all
that money is message and so here's
Hillary Clinton bringing her message of
how we need to get money out of
campaigns while spending she's gonna be
spending so much more so he's getting no
donations he's too scary he's too scary
so someone had to go and it's Corey
Lewandowski and Charles Krauthammer have
a great line last night he said it's
just like in a baseball team when
they're losing they fire the manager but
we all know it's the players you know so
Lewandowski what goes out with some
class so play Lewandowski number one as
he's talking on CNN talking about he's
going out with a putting a good face on
from your perspective what happened why
were you fired I don't know I don't I
don't know the answer to that but what I
know is what we've been able to achieve
in this election cycle has been historic
and we had a candidate
in June of last year knows he was gonna
run for president with no elective
office experience in the field of
sixteen other people on the race plus
him who's gone on to something historic
which was it almost 14 million votes and
fundamentally change the way people look
at politics and I'm proud to have been a
small part of that and you know running
as the outsider of this campaign which
he has done running against the corrupt
Washington DC establishment and
political correctness has been something
I've been proud to be a part of things
change as a campaign involves and a
general election campaign against a very
well-funded giant organization like the
Clinton campaign is is very different
than running against those smaller
primary state elections even when it was
a big day so the inside story is
apparently that trumps kids got together
and said this guy is that he was
inciting him to all these crazy things
that he was you know what he was really
good at was the big events but in the
end you know it's a ground game it's
always a ground game and you got to be
out there but the people you know where
they are and and apparently Ivanko
specifically was angry that some stories
about her husband had gotten into the
press that weren't very I was joking
when I said that he married into the
Trump family of his own free will I mean
how could you say that about him what a
terrible thing to say about anybody
so Lewandowski goes on but but the fact
is Lewandowski was escorted out of the
building by security so this is the
second cut second cortico but I would
not look back I have no regrets it's
such a privilege and an honor to have
been a very small part of this to learn
and experience what he's been able to
achieve in the electoral success that he
has had it's been truly amazing were you
surprised were you were you blindsided I
don't know if it's so much of that I
mean you know there's been a lot of
conjecture in the media lately about
what's going on well and what isn't
going on well in the campaign I think a
lot of that is is just the media trying
to hype up a campaign you know what we
have is we've got a candidate on the
other side who's under criminal
investigation from the FBI that most the
mainstream media doesn't want to talk
about and said they want to talk about
things that don't junk did or said
twenty or thirty or forty years ago and
even when he gives a great policy speech
and he's probably the best speaker that
you know our country's ever seen as a
presidential candidate
he doesn't get credit for those things I
want to get into some of the specifics
about how the campaign was run and where
you are right now but before that were
you escorted out of the building by
security today
that's it doesn't work like that I mean
obviously there are protocols in place
that when someone is no longer an
employee they just make sure there's no
escorting out and look I've had the
privilege of working with these people
for 19 months they're friends of mine
but there's a protocol in place and
everyone falls the same protocol
regardless of who that is and I think
that's the right thing I love it I mean
this is so there's putting a good face
on it I love the Trump is the best
speaker you know you might maybe Lincoln
and NAT Trump it was they can use all
those big words you know like nation you
know I mean who really knows what four
score and seven you know yet the score
is 20 and if four times in plus seven
you know it's it's confusing it's
confusing it's ridiculous
so Trump and Trump is the same thing he
went on Oh Riley and gave his version of
this he's a good man we've had great
success you know I got more primary
votes than anybody in the history of the
Republican Party by a tremendous amount
not by a little bit I think Cory's
terrific I watched him before he was
terrific toward me said I was a talented
person and he's a talented person he's a
good guy he's a friend of mine but I
think it's time now for a different kind
of a campaign we ran a small beautiful
well unified campaign it worked very
well in the primaries I think I'm
probably going to do some of that I want
to keep it a little bit very much in
control as an example I have 73 people
Hillary Clinton has like almost 900
people and we're in the same position so
you know there's something nice about
that I got criticized for that I said
wait a minute I've spent much less money
than her and the results so far is the
same I should be credited for that but
with Cory I'm really proud of him he did
a great job
but we're gonna go a little bit of a
different route so the different it's a
different style and you're bringing a
different style of the Fox fight this is
like the Fox News protocol now is we put
words in his mouth
why don't they think
just sit there and move his mouth and
what the host can't tell him what are
you saying it's gonna be a different
style yeah a different style that's what
I that's what I was gonna say so they're
putting Mount my favorite response to
all this I have to say was Michelle
fields because remember Michelle fields
gets grabbed she gets slandered she gets
really you really was treated badly and
every time I mentioned this like a
left-wing meme you know how the
left-wing stick sticks with their
narrative even after it's disproved even
after it's completely exploded they keep
saying the Trump people are just like
that they are just like that so they
keep sticking with this thing that the
video didn't show him grabbing her arm
and only showed him grabbing her arm you
know it's like not I'm not grabbing her
arm it was more like just grabbing her
arm you know so I keep getting these
tweets over like how foolish it is for
me to keep saying Michelle feels was the
only honest person in the whole thing
the only person who actually said what
you had to say megyn kelly asked her how
she felt about it here's the response
perfect he obviously grabbed you even
though he denied it but then you you
filed the charge because they sort of
baited you into doing it saying if it
happened why don't you file a charge so
you did the prosecution decided not to
pursue it and then he said he really
felt vindicated do you feel vindicated
today I do as you feel vindicated you
know I think that when you're a bad
person you do bad things eventually
there are consequences and I feel like
with Cory he finally you know there's
finally consequences for what he did he
defend me he lied and he really shook my
life you know I lost my job there were
also lots of threats so I'm happy to see
that there is some justice it reminds me
of the last scene of this Sunday's Game
of Thrones but if you haven't seen it
yet I won't give it away
but that's she was very gratified to
bring some justice you know perfectly
honest it was almost shocking in a way
to hear somebody just say the honest
thing yeah he grabbed me and screw him
yeah he's done that's a bit so now Trump
is in this position you know Trump there
is this movement to try and dump him
yeah at the convention and it's being
done in a subterranean way it's we saw
yesterday we saw Paul Ryan saying you
know I I have no say over this but if
the delegates should want
their conscience you know if they should
want to rise of it it's mighty Julius
Caesar
you know if they should happen to wanna
stab him to death in the Senate nothing
on its army you know and and the reason
for that obviously is because they don't
want it to seem like an ax here come the
elites here comes the establishment this
is an anti-establishment year they don't
want to seem like these staff no one
seemed to come from below the people are
out there and you can bit back behind
the scenes like a duck's feet underwater
you know the duck looks like he's still
but the fear paddling underwater you can
bet behind the scenes they're making
this deal and Trump knows it and Trump
is saying you know Trump feels abandoned
well here he is saying this is the
second Trump got saying that the
Republican Party is in supporting I need
support from the Republican time een in
some ways they get more support from the
Democrats that do the Republicans some
of the Republicans not all some have
been phenomenal I don't want to build
that up in one way because I have got so
much tremendous support from congressman
and from senators and from lots of other
people but we do need support and by the
way rights and the RNC have been
terrific but it would be nice to have
full support from people that are in
office I mean full verbal support now
remember just a couple of days ago last
week he was saying well I'll go it alone
because he can't go it alone you just
can't do it without especially if he
can't raise any money you can't do it
without the Republican Party behind you
and you know it's it's fine for people
to say oh you're gonna get Hillary
elected and oh this is all your fault
but people have conscience --is you know
people have principles they have things
that they believe in yo Ryan has been as
far as I can tell I feel in public he
has been as good as he can be he
supports him as far as he can support
him he supports him as the party's
nominee but it's clear it's clear that
he feels like his underwears on fire you
know it's clear that he just feels oh oh
lord why have you put me in this
position and you know the guy he has
principles too you know these aren't
little pieces on a chess board always
trying to win they have to follow their
own lights they have to go home to their
wives and their spouses and their
children they have to look at themselves
in the mural when they shave so I mean
you know Trump is making it very
difficult it's Trump that's doing it
it's not Cory Lewandowski though he was
a thug in but it's
it's Trump you know it's Trump who is
doing this and making it very hard so
what's so painful to me about this is
the way it distracts from what is
happening in the Obama administration of
this Orlando killing if it weren't for
Trump this Orlando mass murder was like
a spark in a tinderbox it was like a
spark you know in a crate of dynamite
the creative dynamite has been the lies
this administration has been peddling
the false narrative and as just spark
has just except that thing off the net
has blown up and you know Barack Obama
promised he would be one of the most
transparent presidents in history and he
has been transparent he has been
transparently dishonest he's a
transparent liar it is that you can see
right through him he said it's
transparent as you could want him to be
so yesterday the FBI in one of them it
was humiliating I mean I I despise this
Loretta Lynch I think she's the most
sinister Attorney General since the last
Attorney General but like you know she
was humiliated she comes out and they
put out this these this transcript of
the Orlando shooter talking to the
police and it's redacted it's play mad
libs remember Matt was like this is what
it says I pledge allegiance to emitted
you know hmm
was it the anti gay alliance was it the
pro-gun you know it's like I pledge
allegiance to omitted may God protect
him in Arabic on behalf of omitted who
could possibly know what he was saying
himself that lasted that lasted for like
a few hours until it it finally occurred
to these guys that they were standing
with their pants down in Macy's window
and like the words back in but you know
it's it's part it's not like this is
it's not like this is out of line with
you what the Obama administration does
it's like only yeah I think it's only
look two months ago that the French
president Francois Hollande was here and
he was sitting they had him on camera
and they released this they released
this to the press with the translator
translating as he's talking about
terrorism he listen to this they just
put this out this is the White House
please ensure that between your
in the United States there can be a very
high-level coordination but we also
we're aware that the roots of terrorism
here knock on door categorically you we
note and that - is losing ground thanks
to the strikes we've been able to launch
with the coalition so they've had some
sound issues but it's such an obvious
cut it's such an obvious what they cut
out was he said he said we have to talk
about the roots of terrorism Islamic
terrorism in Iraq and Syria you can hear
him say it in French I mean Benghazi was
sort of like this where they where
they're standing if you know Hillary
Clinton and for all the corrupt stuff
she's done this is the one thing that I
just can't get out of my mind that she
stood in front of the coffins of those
people and said to their parents this
was a video it was a video that did this
and the idea being that they were
reacting to us to our hate to our
xenophobia instead of having like human
beings have their own motivations their
own philosophies their own outlook on
which they behave it's so racist it's so
elite to think that they can only act in
reaction to us you know what a racist
thing to think what I what a low opinion
of other people to think that these guys
don't have their own culture their own
philosophy that is making them come and
kill us it's always got to be our fault
that's the most narcissistic thing in
the world you know to this day this is
from a Breitbart article the official
White House transcript of a rose garden
ceremony with the father of the released
soldier Bowe Bergdahl remember the guy
who was who deserted right and they
traded all these terrorists to get him
back and then it turned out he was a
deserter and they transcribe in this
White House transcript every word of
Bowe Bergdahl's father except his
declaration that he was speaking in the
name of Allah the merciful the
compassionate they keep
cutting this stuff out and what's so
shocking about this is the fact that
within hours they they fix this
transcript within hours they put the
words back in the transcript but the
point is they're not just going to lie
to you they're going to tell you that
they're lying to you there's nothing
hidden about this they're not erasing
any doc everybody knows they're telling
you what they're telling you is not that
you don't know but that you shouldn't
know they're telling you not that you
don't see but that you're not allowed to
see that it's wrong to see it's wrong to
know that it doesn't matter if you know
the truth it doesn't matter if you know
what words go in the emitted blank spot
because the point that they're telling
you is you are not allowed to know it it
is not right for you to know is somehow
wrong and we see this it's it's induced
psychopathology it's induced mental
illness we see it when people see the
San Bernardino shooters getting
radicalized but they don't report it to
the FBI because they're afraid of being
seen as racial profiling is bigger than
racial profiling itself being an idiot
phrase for ordinary observation you know
we saw it from when the orlando shooters
employers wouldn't investigate
complaints wouldn't fire him after
complaints that he was a toxic guy same
reason they didn't want to seem to be
anti-muslim and we see it I keep
bringing this up because it's so
appalling
that we see it in Germany with these
girls who won't report the men who are
molesting them and they said because we
don't want to seem to be prejudiced
against you know refugees against the
refugees it's not that you're not
supposed to it's not that you don't know
it's that you're not supposed to say
that you know they are telling you the
political correctness is the idea that
it is virtuous to lie because your lie
will somehow transform the world that's
what they have been telling you they've
been telling you this for 40 or 50 years
that if you lie if you don't say this if
you don't you know the truth about this
there's a wonderful wonderful column by
Bill McGurn in The Wall Street Journal
today because all of this of course is
to move the narrative to guns so
yesterday the Senate voted on four
different gun measures all of them went
down in flames there's one still coming
back that has a slightly greater chance
but they'll never get through the house
I mean nobody's gonna go for this it's a
kabuki dance it's this it's
simply to make you think that this is
the narrative and so now the left gets
to shake his fists how after people were
killed by guns you know we were talking
backstage before we came on that really
you know there should be a waiting
period before a gun acquires a Muslim
you know like every gun who comes is
like they have an Islamic terrorist
please you know as well we have to do a
background check you know who used you
la is used by the mob last well I'm not
sure we want to pass you up but they
trying to change the narrative to guns
and now that the Senate voted it down
the only point about this they knew the
Senate was going to vote these measures
down the only point about it was so they
can say oh those rotten Republicans it's
all their fault in New York Bill McGurn
writes this wonderful column in New York
under Mayor Bloomberg Raymond Kelly the
police commissioner instituted something
that they called it ended up being
called stop and frisk you talk to any
cop talk to any street cop and he can
look across a room and tell you who's
strapped who's carrying a gun I mean
they can I've sat with them and they'll
go yeah that guy's got a gun that guy's
not got a gun that you know they can
just see it so what they would do is
when a guy was acting suspiciously they
needed some probable cause to go after
him they would stop him they would
search him
gun violence plummeted and where did the
plummet it plummeted in poor black
neighborhoods where people were getting
shot gun violence plummeted because not
only did they start to confiscate guns
but the bad guy started to think like
I'm leaving my gun at home you know I'm
not going out with a gun what happened
the New York Times all the usual liberal
lawyers got out and they sued him they
sued the police department because they
said well you're searching too many
black people but it was the black guys
who had the guns it was the black guys
who are committing the crimes you know
this is the problem with this idea of
racial profiling so the guns are now
coming back on to the street meanwhile
the police were also infiltrating
radical mosques once again same group
the New York Times in the lead the New
York Times in the lead you can't do that
that's racial profiling Muslims which
they weren't doing by the way they were
only going after the problem mosques and
they were helping the the Muslims who
didn't want this stuff coming into their
mosque they were you know get purifying
these places getting rid of these
radicals so they don't really want to
save your life I mean Barack Obama has
said repeatedly he has said you know
more people die and falling down in the
bathtub than through
terrorism which is a false comparison
it's like comparing a strawberry stain
to a cancer it's like saying well that
you have a big strawberry strain only a
small cancer you know because evil
spreads if you don't stop it you know
people are always gonna fall in bathtubs
that's always gonna happen but evil can
be stopped you know it's a human it's
motivated by humanity so it can be
stopped but he says oh well more people
die in bat falling down in bathtubs then
by terrorism he's willing to he can
spare a couple of you he can spare a
couple of you if he can get this
narrative through into the history books
it's not gonna work it's not gonna
happen reality is a stubborn thing
reality keeps coming back but that's
that's what he's you know it is a kind
of madness it's a kind of madness and
this should have been the story today
this should have been the story on every
fun front page this should have been the
story of the collapse of the Obama
narrative in the wake of Orlando and
instead we're talking about Donald Trump
and his stupid campaign manager who
should have been fired when he laid
hands on a young woman that's the end of
that career right there if that should
happen three months ago if it had
happened three months ago if it had
happened three months ago we'd be
talking about something else
today there's incompetence on Trump's
partisan competence and it's also a
moral absence all right
that's that's what I have to say stuff I
like a lot of people were tweeting me
about video games yesterday because I
mentioned that I put uncharted 4 on the
stuff I like I have to talk about Game
of Thrones a little bit I'm gonna talk
about video games too this is this I
won't give anything away I promise no
spoilers this show is so good I mean it
is so amazing it is it's maybe the best
television show I've ever seen and it's
a show about power basically it's a show
about how people will do anything for
power and you know there are people who
are motivated to get power for good
reasons but they all want it everybody
wants it there's nobody who doesn't want
and anybody who elevates himself above
the idea of power gets killed starts out
you know Ned Stark is gets killed right
away and like anybody who has any sense
of Honor or that he wants to put
something above the search for power
gets killed and that's kind of the theme
of the show and so it's really good
because you never know who's gonna die
on the show and you never know what's
gonna happen it's just really
suspenseful really brilliant but we were
talking a little bit about how
games and video games have come up
against this problem with storytelling
that video games you know there was a
long time ago they start to talk about
the tyranny of narrative the tyranny of
the author and they started to say the
author doesn't exist
the author doesn't exist it's only the
reader who exists and this is part of
the whole idea that there's no such
thing as truth there's no such thing as
truth and there's no author there's no
authority you know and they start to say
soon stories are all gonna be
hyperlinked stories they're all gonna be
choose your own stories and that was the
whole idea of video games in some way
that you would do different things make
different choices and the stories would
have different ends but it turns out
that's not what people want that's not
how stories work that uncharted 4 is so
good because it tells a story and all it
does is is let you lets you play the
action sequences it's really just an
action movie where you get to play the
action sequences and die a few times and
get to really have this intense feeling
that you're involved in it the same
thing is happening with television you
know a television show pick what they
call in the TV business they call it a
procedural is this is a show where they
solve a different crime every week every
week is a crime within an hour law and
order this is a classic procedural those
shows are really more like real life and
stories stories are about the one moment
in a person's life when he comes up
against classic stories or the one
moment of persons like when he comes up
against his fate he comes out against
the thing that his character that will
unravel his character either for good or
ill it'll either change him and he'll go
forward into the next phase of his life
that's a comedy or romance or it'll
destroy him and that's a tragedy if you
think about Hamlet he can't make up his
mind and that's what causes all the
tragedy if you think about a fellow he
makes up his mind too quickly and that's
what's causes the tragedy that's their
character meeting the incident the
series of incidences that causes the
tragedy if a fellow were in Hamlet this
play would have been over in five
minutes because he makes up his mind
like that it would have been like you
know avenge your father okay you know
but so these but but store but real life
in real life we don't often change that
much only heroes change only people who
really commit themselves to happiness
into joy and to the truth only those
people change most of us go about our
day to day life and do the same thing
and that's more like an or
Neri procedural TV show stuff like Law &
Order is like real life you go and you
do your job your job changes the stories
and your job change but you remain the
same that's the old-fashioned shows like
you know in the 70s and 80s where the
television show was like these new shows
started to change that and they started
to expand and when you have stories like
the soprano the soprano by the way the
theme of the soprano is that people
never change that's the theme of The
Sopranos that's why it ends with that
black out you know nothing happens you
just end that's that's the theme of The
Sopranos so it was a television show
about television shows but the logic of
stories is taking hold again and what
you're getting now are shows that are
long they may last six seven series but
they have a beginning middle and an end
and when you have a beginning in middle
and end suddenly that logic of
storytelling takes hold again and what
we're watching is characters interacting
according to their character with one
moment in their lives and that's what
Game of Thrones is about it's this
moment when the throne is empty and all
these people converge on the Thrones and
their character is revealed you know so
the logic of storytelling is a logic
unto itself it is something that we need
is not life stories are not life they're
something we need in order to live life
because they explain life to us they
explain how to find meaning they explain
what the feeling of life is and I just
think it's it's um it's wonderful to
watch as these new art forms like video
games and like long-form television are
reshaped by the logic of storytelling to
become what we need in our lives the
buns that are doing it so well Game of
Thrones is uncharted for somebody asked
me Oh everybody always wants to know
what I thought of the Last of Us I'm
embarrassed to say I'm only playing The
Last of Us now because zombie games keep
me up at night playing I only only can
play them at just before I go to bed so
I don't play them but I am playing it
now and I'll report back when I'm done
anyway that's stuff I like more to come
to the mailbag the mailbag is coming
tomorrow get your questions in now video
questions can we do we are we equipped
for video questions excellent send video
questions we'll be there I'm Andrew
Clavin this is the Andrew Clavin show we
will see you then
