in the aftermath of Donald Trump's
stunning presumptive Republican 2016
presidential nomination a small group of
never Trump advocates have been pressing
forward with an attempt to recruit
somebody to run as a third party
candidate according to the Washington
Post Republicans including Bill Kristol
Erick Erickson Mike Murphy Stewart
Stevens and Rick Olson have been
throwing out names some of those names
senator Ben Sasse from Nebraska Ohio
Governor John Kasich retired General
James Madison and even ridiculously
another reality TV billionaire Mark
Cuban a viable third party candidate
could achieve a couple of things for
conservatives who don't like Trump one
it could consolidate support outside the
Trump movement providing the core for
rebuilding movement after Trump goes
down second it could theoretically throw
a few key states to the third party
candidate stopping both Hillary and
Trump from winning the requisite number
of electors to gain the White House you
need 270 if you don't get 270 it goes to
the House of Representatives and if it
goes to the House of Representatives
throws the process into the House of
Representatives then presumably somebody
else becomes president so here's the
case against doing any of this five
reasons not to run a third party
candidate one not gonna work
in 1992 Ross Perot won 18 point nine
percent of the popular vote he won Zippo
zero electoral votes in 1980 John
Anderson won six point six percent of
the popular vote zero electoral votes in
1968 George Wallace racist won 13.5
percent of the electoral vote any 146
electoral votes all in the deep south
the chances of a third party candidate
doing significant enough damage in key
swing states to take away electoral
votes really slim or none second reason
it appears desperate it's unlikely to
work so it seems like a Hail Mary to
find somebody who can stop Trump and
Hillary if it fails that minimizes the
level of opposition to both the
candidates never Trump isn't desperate
we know Trump is a disaster for the GOP
in the country Hillary is a disaster for
the country we don't need to prove it by
attempting to consolidate in a way that
fails third reason it's kind of tough to
find a conservative who can unify never
Trump see here's the thing
Trump's utter incomprehensible 'ti as a
Republican candidate it underscores the
fact that finding a consensus politician
is kind of hard all successful
politicians have to build consensus
Kasich and Ben Sasse for example they
have very little in common politically
other than their opposition to Trump
would that be enough to consolidate a
real conservative opposition or would it
instead fragment the opposition by
providing an alternative that many
members have never Trump don't like
fourth reason just let them burn let
them burn the Trump stirs are really
looking desperately for an excuse to
blame anybody about themselves for the
looming electoral disaster that may
await Trump they're already stood there
already saying openly never Trump is
gonna bear responsibility if Trump fails
consolidating a third party grants
unmerited credibility to this particular
argument if from Goes Down and all the
betting markets say he well the Trump
advocates need to own it there's no need
to give them an out finally we need to
think about 2020 it's better to sit this
one out than be blamed for Trump's
failures or cast out of the party
altogether no matter what happens this
is gonna be four years in the wilderness
for conservatives but building an
alternative party infrastructure is kind
of unlikely and much more difficult than
allowing Trump to demonstrate he's a
historic Black Swan and then fighting
for control of the GOP again listen I'd
be happy to vote for senator sass over
Trump or Hillary of course I'd love
another choice but the strategic case
against a third party is pretty strong
HL Mencken said democracy is the theory
the common people know what they want
and deserve to get it good and hard so
let's let the Trump stirs get it good
and hard i'm ben shapiro this is the ben
shapiro show all righty so here we are
and it's been a busy day for Donald
Trump we'll have to talk about in Trump
world then we all live in Trump world
now some of its good some of its bad all
of it is interesting and fascinating and
as we said yesterday we are dedicated to
the proposition that watching the
apocalypse with a comedic grin is more
fun than watching it with a downcast
glare so we're going to try and make
light of the fact that we're all going
to die and life is meaningless so let's
start with Donald Trump if he chose an
anti-social warrior Donald Trump he has
now made a statement on transgender
rights so as you may have noticed we'll
get back to the transgender issue in a
little while President Obama is now
speaking out on the transgender
bathrooms that he's pushing and it's
really terrible because that's what
Barack Obama does Donald Trump was asked
about it and here's what he
said to the Washington Post quote it is
a very very small portion of the
population transgenders but as I say you
have to protect everybody including
small portions of the population
presumably this means you need to have
state legislation or federal legislation
of the kind that President Obama is
pushing but then of course Trump takes
both sides of the issue he says that
states need to make the right decisions
he doesn't really explain what that
means he says he hasn't had any exposure
to these issues and he's learning more
he's learning more so this is his way of
copping out so all you wonderful people
who think that Trump is politically
incorrect
no he isn't no he isn't this is not the
greatest the greatest referendum on
political correctness today is this
transgender issue it is the transgender
issue it's the greatest referendum on
political correctness today because
there's the politically correct position
which is that women can become men and
men can become women and we have to
force children to embrace this idea by
putting boys and girls bathrooms and
then there's the politically incorrect
position called science men are men
women are women and you don't get to
crossover by chopping off a few body
parts or sewing a few of them on and
President Obama is pushing this
particular viewpoint and it really is
important you know I want to stop for a
second and point this out it is
important the transgender bathroom issue
is important not because of bathrooms
but because of transgenderism as a
social construct transgenderism as a
concept and the unmitigated attempts of
the left to target your children in
order to push their leftist agenda so
President Obama always for the left
always for the left it has to be done
through schools and through children
they always have to push the left agenda
through children it's always for the
good of the kids of course all that
means is screwing with kids heads but
it's all for the good of the kiddies now
the truth is that they say it's to
protect transgender kids from bullying
first of all there are two transgender
kids in the United States second of all
even if you want to protect transgender
kids from bullying there's a very simple
way to do that have teachers who don't
tolerate bullying when that easy look at
that that's amazing I was bullied
mercilessly in high school it would've
been good if we had a good anti-bullying
policy I wasn't bullied because I was
gay or transgender I was bullied because
I was small and because I was young and
because I was smarter than everybody
else but you know what that was
basically solved by two things one he's
standing up for myself and two my
parents have told the story on the air
before Mike
is going to the school in mandating that
there be a crackdown on bullying
generally there shouldn't be bullying in
schools period for any reason you don't
need to teach kids that heterosexuality
and homosexuality are on moral par in
order to stop bullying and you don't
need to teach them the idiocy that men
can become women in women men in order
to stop bullying that's silly but this
is what the Left says so President Obama
said today quote we're talking about
kids and anybody who's been in school
been in high school who's been a parent
I think should realize should realize
that kids are vulnerable here's
President Obama talking about why he's
pushing now every public school in
America to embrace transgender bathrooms
we're talking about kids and anybody
who's been in school and in high school
who's been parent I think should realize
that kids who are sometimes in the
minority kids who have a different
sexual orientation or transgender are
subject to a lot of bullying potentially
you know there's they are vulnerable and
I think that is part of our obligation
as a society to make sure that everybody
is treated fairly and our kids are all
loved and that they're protected and
this is a bunch of crap there's a bunch
of crap for a few reasons first of all
when he says gay children are being
bullied in bathrooms no they're not no
they're not
you don't nobody knows you're gay unless
you say you're gay okay and this idea
that there's tons of gay kids who are
seven and eight years old there's also
nonsense but beyond that this is a straw
man saying that transgenderism and
homosexuality are the same issue they're
not they're not the same issue by any
stretch of the imagination
in fact homosexuality is sort of
destroyed by transgenderism
transgenderism says gender and sex are
completely arbitrary which sort of
defeats the idea that men should only be
attracted to men if you're a homosexual
right why wouldn't you be attracted to
everybody after all sex is completely
arbitrary
Why should there be any distinction
whatsoever but it's a straw man more
importantly the this this is really
quite despicable stuff schools are are
the bullies here okay Barack Obama is
the bully he's saying yes
stop bullying he has to say yes to make
everybody feel comfortable how about the
99.999 percent of the population in
these school bathrooms who feels
uncomfortable when somebody of the
opposite sex walks in and they're unclad
how about the little girls who don't
feel comfortable with the boy peeing
next to them in the bathroom those
people have to be made to feel like
bigots and feel uncomfortable so that
the bullying thing really goes both ways
but there's a lot less but let's put it
this way the bullying of transgender
kids is a lot less of an issue for our
government in our society than the
federal government bullying everyone in
the United States into embracing the
idea that an 18 year old man walking
into a 15 year old girl's locker room is
suddenly okay which is what he's talking
about there's also something else that's
I think worthy of examination here and
that is that this isn't really about
protection of kids in any real way what
this really is about what this really is
about is indoctrination and perversion
of children that's really what this is
about the left always starts with kids
notice Obama didn't mandate this
transgender bathroom nonsense he didn't
mandate this for the US military
he didn't mandate it for federal
government facilities he mandated it for
public schools he mandated it for kids
why well supposedly it's because the
left believes that sexual identity
sexual identity is unchanging and rigid
and sex itself gender itself is
malleable therefore if you teach kids
that they get to choose your sex since
it's malleable it's a social construct
anyway you're not doing them any harm
you tell a five year old girl to choose
whether she's a girl or a boy you're not
harming her in any way cuz that's all
just social construct nonsense similarly
if you tell a five year old girl that
lesbianism is fine she's not gonna be
more likely to try out lesbianism
because she's already set in her ways
it's all biological right it's ingrained
right there in the biology of course
precisely the reverse is true you tell a
five-year-old girl she can be a girl or
a boy you're gonna screw with their head
you tell a five-year-old girl that
anybody she chooses to have sex with
when she's not even pubescent yet right
with that anybody who she will
eventually choose to have sex with it's
perfectly morally hunky-dory and you
think this isn't gonna change behavior
nonsense nonsense particularly because
science tends to show that sexuality is
remarkably fluid sexual identity
certainly is remarkably fluid there's a
reason that two generations ago there's
a pole in Britain recently
it showed four people who are born two
generations ago 95 percent say they're
straight of people who are born in
our generation Millennials something
like only 43% say they are binary
straight a 43% don't tell me that's
genetics game that society pushing a
perception of what sexual identity
should be left us aren't dumb they know
all of this
their whole cases that parents should
not be allowed to raise their children
with traditional morality and
traditional sex roles because that's bad
and that's bad because the government
can't control the kids then it's bad
because traditional sex rules the idea
of man woman marriage creation of a
family it's an obstacle to government
control of your child and so what they
do is they use the bullying agenda in
order to come in and take control of
your children by saying that if we leave
it to you to educate your own kid then
your kid will end up being a bully and
targeting other kids which of course is
absolute nonsense Oh on that issue where
you know some some real moral leadership
would be good no shock here Donald Trump
runs for the hills he runs for the hills
there's your politically incorrect
warrior now that's not to say he's
politically correct across the board he
does at times say good things but Trump
is a mixed bag he's a grab bag he's we
like to say a crap sandwich
he's salami and dog crap and so first
the salami here's here's Donald Trump
talking about national security and
here's why some people like in my
national security our country has enough
difficulty right now without letting the
Syrians pour in and again we don't know
that the Syrians we don't know where
they come from we have no idea they
could be Isis they could be who knows
but we're gonna stop that immediately do
you think it's gonna take another attack
like 9/11 for people to wake up about
border security and take it seriously I
do I actually do bad things will happen
a lot of bad things will happen there
will be attacks that you wouldn't
believe there will be attacks by the
people that are right now coming into
our country because I have no doubt in
my mind I mean you look at it they have
cell phones so they don't have money
they don't have anything they have cell
phones who play who pays their monthly
charges right yeah they have cell phones
with with the flags the ISIS flags on
them and then we're supposed to say
isn't this wonderful that what
everybody's saying here is right here
right I mean everything he's saying here
is right although I do have to laugh
when he uses when he uses phrases like
bad things will happen like oh thanks
Nostradamus really really that that's
extremely helpful
here's the problem right for every for
every piece of salami there's also a dog
turd so here's the dog turned here's
Donald Trump going after David Cameron
saying that this is the Prime Minister
of Britain saying that you know we're
not gonna have a very good relationship
for some reason Piers Morgan is
interviewing him Piers Morgan is big
Donald Trump fan the both reality TV
stars Piers Morgan is still on TV
although not in American TV since I
helped drive him off American TV because
he's a stupid stupid fat man here is
Piers Morgan talking to Donald Trump
David Cameron has refused to retract
what he said about your comments about
Muslims he says they were stupid they
were divisive and they were wrong
what's your response honestly I don't
care it doesn't matter I mean it's fine
if you're president and he's the British
prime minister looks like we're not
gonna have a very good relationship who
knows I hope to have a good relationship
with him but it sounds like he's not
willing to address the problem either
people can can pretend like it's not
existing but take a look take a look at
London take a look at certain sections
of some cities throughout Europe and
throughout the world it is a disaster
and the police are you know they don't
want nothing to do with it it's as bad
as it gets
now we don't have to talk about it or we
could and I will tell you this would you
like that when it was brought up may
like him to withdraw be the particularly
comments at your stupid divisive and
royal with your view about well number
one I'm not stupid okay I can tell you
that right now
just the opposite number two in terms of
divisive I don't think I'm a divisive
person I'm a unifier unlike our
president now I'm a unifier I'll say
this when I made the statement six
months ago and there was a clamor only
by the politicians millions of people
were calling and saying Donald Trump is
right you know that and so do i people
that live in Great Britain and people
that live all over the world was saying
Donald Trump is right okay so he so he
says that we're gonna have a bad
relationship they Cameron and he will
have a bad relationship if he's
president good way to set off on his on
his international tour and again there
again you hear him through the routine
that we talked about last week which is
I may have said something wrong but it
was really popular so that makes it okay
but yeah there's something to be said
even about this fer Trump so Trump is
brash he's bold he says things no one
else will say and then he will refuses
to back off of them
all of that is true now Donald Trump is
laying forth his new strategy against
Hillary Clinton and his new strategy
against Hillary Clinton is basically to
hit her with everything that is possible
to hit her with in order for that to
succeed the media really has to be quite
terrible the media has to be quite
terrible fortunately for Trump the media
are quite terrible so it feels like when
the media are trying to cover for
Hillary Clinton they're trying to cover
for Hillary Clinton Trump has perfected
an art that was first coined I think by
Newt Gingrich in 2012 of attacking the
media as the as the unfair arbiter and
he's exactly right so the media is
playing both angles on the one hand
they're pushing Trump forward by saying
that he's the greatest thing since
sliced bread and he's a brand new thing
on the American scene and on the other
hand the media is trying to tear him
down and they can't have it both ways
and you're seeing the struggle
internally for the media they can't
handle it
here's Joe Scarborough on MSNBC saying
that this is no longer Paul Ryan's party
it's now Donald Trump's party based on a
new poll showing that Trump 58 percent
of GOP voters trust Trump to lead the
Republican Party just 39 percent trust
Paul Ryan's lead the Republican Party
more kids actually trust Trump then Ryan
to lead the party that's by 58 to 39
percent margin Joe that's a lot to get
through right there what's jumping out
at boy I'll tell you a couple things are
jumping out at me first of all this is
not Paul Ryan's party anymore it's
Donald Trump's party it has nothing to
do with Donald Trump it has a lot to do
with where this Republican Party has
gone over the past 20 30 years
working-class voters feel disconnected
from Washington DC especially Washington
DC Republicans who they feel like they
let let him down let him down
not only when they ran to the deficit
and the debt up during the Bush years
but also they elected the Tea Partiers
in 2010 to get rid of Obamacare and do
other great things that didn't happen
2014 the same thing happened so that's
the first thing that's this is not Paul
Ryan's party Paul Ryan's policies are
not the policies that drive the
Republican base anymore they are more of
a populist base of policy okay so so
he's saying and a lot of people in the
press were saying Trump is something new
Trump is something magical so at the
same time they're saying that they're
also trying to tear him down they're
also trying to tear down Trump so
Scarborough himself says he doesn't like
him back from
president because of his Muslim policies
which is of all his policies if you're
gonna target one that's that's truly
awful awful awful that one for me stacks
well behind let's start a giant trade
war that destroys the international
economy and also let's make sure that we
that we nuke Europe like there there are
certain policies that seem to rise above
that one in my estimation as far as
dangerous but but the media that that
are building Trump up are also trying to
tear him down so for example on Sunday
Chris Wallace on Fox News Sunday he says
to Bob Woodward Bob Woodward of the
Washington Post and there's a report
that the Washington Post is gonna put
twenty reporters on Donald Trump and
here's Chris Wallace asking Woodward
about it
The Washington Post has twenty people
working on every phase of Donald Trump's
life that's correct we've announced a
month ago that we're doing the book and
we're gonna reduce stories is this
allows the equivalent effort will be
made on Hillary Clinton or in its
traditional and I think particularly in
this campaign which is one of those
pivot points in the history of the
country we need to tell people
everything we can find out and that
means a massive effort are you making an
equal effort because that's something
that we're hearing from folks an equal
effort on Hillary Clinton on her yet
well it's not necessarily the number of
people as who's working on it
but but you know they believe me you
know the goal here is the best
obtainable version of the truth so
they're saying that they're going to try
and tear down Donald Trump the same
people who built him up are now going to
try and tear him down this is a giant
fail and you're about to see how big a
fail this is the New York Times we
talked yesterday about this very silly
New York Times piece long piece about
how Donald Trump was basically a playboy
back in the day and that means that he's
a terrible person because he was a
playboy back in the day now listen I'm
not a fan of Playboy's as you know I
think that that does make you kind of
gross but Bill Clinton right I mean you
know you don't get to claim that the guy
who allegedly raped people is less bad
than the guy who brought a swimsuit
model to a bathroom and asked her to put
on a bikini and then said she looked
nice in the bikini not quite the same
thing
the New York Times reporters have now
been ripped by even the women quoted in
the story these New York Times reporters
appeared on MSNBC to talk about it and
here they are defending their story
there's no single dimension to Donald
Trump and women and I think our story
makes that clear I think it makes it
clear through the voices of the people
we interviewed what's your response to
the reaction from Donald Trump so far
well you know we you know we spoke to
Donald Trump for an hour and included
his voice in our story and really value
the time that we got to spend with him
on the phone and we believe that you
know every opportunity in the story we
gave him a chance to sort of give his
side of the story and we'd be happy to
continue talking to him about this if he
wants to get back on the phone with us
and chat more about his experiences with
women we'd welcome that I believe Rowan
has asked for an apology I mean we what
do you say we really stand by our story
we believe we quoted her fairly and
accurately and that the story really
speaks for itself okay so the story
speaks for itself they tried to tear
down Trump now here are the women who
are actually in the story talking about
Donald Trump with megyn kelly last night
so so at the time and when you're
experienced with him
did he seem sexist to you well you have
to understand you got to put in the
context of the time this was 1980 so
everybody was sexist and we were in the
construction industry so that was sexist
but as far as Tom
was concerned no he wanted the best
person and he thought I was the best
person they picked me
and so you talk or The Times talks about
a moment that you had with Donald Trump
where you started to think he was
getting were in that regard that he was
getting more sexist as the years went on
yes is that true
absolutely I mean I worked for him for a
long time but from from 80 to 84 we were
very very close and I we talked all the
time and he never came across as
anything but you know very very
respectful of women and when I returned
back to the Trump Organization in 87 he
was a little bit different the way he
talked about women in his office you
know we would refer to women and the
woman in the office he would look at
them a little bit like a leering kind of
thing I saw I sort of changed definite
change but the big change came and I'd
say 1989 91 when the whole Mahler thing
happened and you know when he did
Playboy magazine that was just it seemed
unreasonable and unheard of for him at
the time so I was surprised to see him
change slowly but surely he started
saying more things that surprised me up
to this day and I'm gonna get the
specifics of that but I want to bring in
Sanada who you you have nothing but
glowing things to say about mr. Trump
you you also experienced some language
that meant that may have been
diminishing but you say he was an equal
opportunity offender well listen he's a
businessman and I know that he doesn't
have the greatest hits in terms of what
he says about many women but in a
professional setting and I was running
four different projects in terms of
marketing between 2003 and 2007 he was
extraordinary professionals very tough
but he was fair did you two know each
other
Sanada you and Barbara I did not
unfortunately didn't have the pleasure
of meeting Barbara because I was there
in 2003 so did you did you Sanada ever
experience you know what you would you
perceived as sexism and on the other
hand did you experience Trump giving you
and and/or other women unusual or
extraordinary opportunities absolutely
not it was equal opportunity in that it
was a car stop
bottom line is that a lot of the women
the New York Times quoting that they're
not super on board with the New York
Times attempt to tear down Trump Donald
Trump is is almost invulnerable on these
scores Donald Trump it's very difficult
for them to take down Donald Trump on me
he was mean to women routine after they
blown all their credibility on Hillary
Clinton they really have blown a lot of
credibility on Hillary Clinton and you
can see how this plays out over the
weekend Donald Trump was on with George
Stephanopoulos on ABC News and a bee and
George Stephanopoulos asked Trump about
why he won't release his tax returns now
do I think Trump is a sexist yes do I
think the Donald Trump is somebody and
the reason I say he's a sexist is just
from this campaign attacking Heidi Cruz
talking about Carly fiorina's face
talking about megyn kelly bleeding from
her wherever Donald Trump saying back in
the 80s that women ought to be treated
like pieces of crap Donald Trump
constantly talking about women as pieces
of ass for decades I think that sexist I
think that's the end of the world no but
I do I think it's something that's great
and appropriate no I don't okay all that
said the media are gonna have a tough
time tearing him down by the same token
do I think Donald Trump ought to release
his tax returns yeah I would like to
know how much money he's actually worth
I'd like to know what kind of taxes he
pays given that he says that he should
pay higher taxes as a very rich man I'd
like to know how much charity he gave
I'd like to know how many people he
actually employs and hired he always has
tens of thousands I'd like to know what
that looks like okay that said Trump
can't be caught out on this by the media
because the media have no credibility
they built Trump up number one and
number two they cover for all of Trump's
enemies so here is George Stephanopoulos
going up against Trump and Trump does
knock him into next week so I fight very
hard to pay as little tax as poss what
is your tax rate it's none of your
business you'll see it when I release
but I fight very hard to pay as little
tax as possible okay and then he would
go on he would go on to say to George
Stephanopoulos that he that his the tax
returns are not only none of George
Stephanopoulos his business but that
George Stephanopoulos worked for Hillary
Clinton and that therefore he doesn't
get to he doesn't get to ask him
questions about it it's pretty funny
actually he'd go on and went right at
George Stephanopoulos I'm trying to find
the exact transcript he he says
specifically that Stephanopoulos used to
be in the war room he says that he says
that he
hypocrite I mean it's it's really very
funny stuff and it's true and that's why
the media can't go after Donald Trump on
all of this now as always Donald Trump
takes all of this too far so battling
against the media that's something that
I adore I don't care who does it I hate
the media and so I'm glad when Donald
Trump hits the media that said Donald
Trump has a nasty tendency toward
authoritarianism and so Donald Trump his
attorney just had to retract a threat to
sue the New York Times after that piece
came out about women Trump fired back
and his attorney said that they might
sue the New York Times right Donald
Trump tweeted out no wonder the New York
Times is failing who can believe what
they write after the false malicious and
libel is his story they did on me those
are all legal terms false and malicious
libelous and so Donald Trump says that
he might go after the New York Times
then his attorney has to walk it back
that's not the only time that Trump has
targeted the media legally which is the
part where I start to say well hold on a
second Roger stone who is legitimately
one of the worst people in all of
American politics he was he was on the
radio and he says that if Donald Trump
is the President of the United States he
will take control of the FCC which is an
independent agency and then force the
FCC to reject CNN's license for
broadcast so he'll take CNN off the air
if Donald Trump is president this is
Gary authoritarian stuff what evidence
there is no evidence I believe every one
of these women are credible and telling
the truth
but you have organizations like CNN
which is not a news organization but an
advocacy group and if you attempt to
discuss this on the air and that scene
is done with Steve malls Berg and curtly
stirring yours truly they literally pull
they pull him up the cord on your
microphone they turn you off mm-hmm
frankly I'll drop this president he
should turn off their FCC license
they're not a news organization they're
about censorship okay so he thinks that
Donald Trump if he gets power will
actually take CNN off the air so this is
the part where again Donald Trump Kraft
sandwich the the salami is that he's
great when he hits the media the crap is
when he says that he's going to start as
president of the United States taking
control of the media itself now that's
the media versus Donald Trump and
clearly the media has no capacity to
take on Trump they've created him for 20
years the same board rooms where they
made the decision to have Donald Trump
on The Apprentice
and make him into a national media
personality for the last 20 years those
same boardrooms are the ones where
they're now saying what can we do to
destroy Donald Trump and the answer is
once you've made the Frankenstein
monster you have no capacity to destroy
the Frankenstein monster more than that
the media have actually done Trump a
service by covering him over the top
over the top coverage of Donald Trump
every scandal every foible every
peccadillo everything that Donald Trump
does has been in the public eye for a
generation really a full generation in
American life every time you slip
somebody it's on the front page of the
New York Post you do that enough and
basically what you're really doing is
you're vaccinating Trump against dirt
because at a certain point if you're
entirely covered in dirt another piece
of dirt doesn't look like anything right
Trump is black socks black socks they
never get dirty did the longer you wear
them the blacker they get right that's
Donald Trump Donald Trump is just black
socks and so it's very difficult to
throw mud on somebody who's completely
made of mud at this point he's a mud
monster and they made him a mud monster
so there's no way to take him down
especially since they told us that the
mud monster was fun they told us the mud
monster was good and entertaining and he
was a playboy that he was that he was a
gallant that Donald Trump was the kind
of guy whose squiring the most beautiful
women that he was that he was Bruce
Wayne in in the in the Batman flicks
that he was squaring around two models
honey charm in a lab Rajini right that
was Donald Trump - Wayne Tower right
Donald Trump was Bruce Wayne and now
when they say well you know he's a
really really bad guy it doesn't wash in
it doesn't work so on the other hand on
the other hand what they've been doing
with Hillary is protecting her for years
and the Clintons they've been protecting
for years so instead of just exposing
the public to all of the Clintons dirt
they've been burying the Clintons dirt
and this juxtaposition is really good
for Donald Trump really good for Donald
Trump not bad good right
on the one hand the media have
vaccinated him against dirt on the other
hand the media have basically done for
the Clintons what overprotective parents
used to do for their kids back during
the polio days in the 1930s before the
polio vaccine rich kids actually had an
outsized chance of coming down with
polio myelitis the reason for this is
because they weren't out in the streets
playing in the dirt so their immune
system had not been built up to handle
polio so if they got polio then it was
much more severe for them okay that's
the Clintons with regard to the media
the media have protected the Clintons in
this magic bubble like John
in the bubble boy they've protected them
with this media bubble for so long that
if anyone pierces the bubble it's really
damaging the Hillary Clinton immune
system is not built to handle this she
only has one response which is oh I'm
always being attacked by the vast
right-wing conspiracy nobody cares if
the dirt is good and juicy right nobody
cares if the stuff that's being thrown
against the wall sticks so take for
example here's the juxtaposition this is
what the entire race is gonna be like
that's why it's gonna be wildly
entertaining to cover it should be funny
it should be just a happy happy day
here's here's what it looks like from
Hillary's got her campaign idea and her
campaign idea against Donald Trump is
that she was going to attack him as
somebody who's unstable she's going to
attack him as somebody who's dangerous
trustworthy and somebody who doesn't
know policy but she's gonna start with
he's divisive that he's a misogynist so
here is Hillary Clinton's anti-trump ad
this was released by Priorities USA you
know you could see there was blood
coming out of her eyes blood coming out
of her wherever she have a good body now
does she have a fat ass absolutely you
know where if Ivanka were my daughter
perhaps I'd be dating themselves does
Donald Trump really speak for you
Priorities USA Action is responsible for
the content of this advertising okay
this is a crappy ad there's a crappy ad
for a variety of reasons so folks if you
can't see it this is why you need to
subscribe to daily wires here up on the
news subscribe to this podcast so you're
up on the news and you can she see what
we're looking at it's not just there
playing audio of Donald Trump there
they're also having women mouth what
Donald Trump is saying while wearing
t-shirts of Donald Trump which is
visually confusing it's just visually
you're looking at this and going why is
this black lady mouthing Donald Trump's
words with a picture of Donald Trump on
on her face on her chest like it's weird
you got this whole woman wearing Donald
Trump t-shirt and mouthing Donald
Trump's words I'm not sure what I'm
supposed to gather from any of this
right that's that's a problem number one
problem number two is that the music
behind this and this is just a basic
seeming and semiotic thing the music
behind this if you're going to do a
Donald Trump is scary for women ad you
need to use scary music right needs to
be Donald Trump is scary for women he's
tear
trouble the woman he's cruel to women
he's awful a couple of weeks ago we
played an ad in Arkansas that's playing
along these lines much better ad this
one's garbage is terrible at finally
there's an actual outright lie in this
ads at the very end they get to the part
where he says they need to be they
basically should be you know FM
essentially that quote was about China's
trade policy it was not about women so
they took it completely out of context
so when this old lady says this right
when this old lady says themselves
doesn't they should go after themselves
right that old lady saying that that's
not even about women and Trump
immediately hits back on that right he
says that's not what I said right that's
that's not what I said in any way what
he tweeted back was WOW 30,000 emails or
deleted by crooked Hillary Clinton she
said they had to do with the wedding
reception liar how can she run and then
she says the pathetic new hit ad against
me miss represents the final line you
can tell them to go blank themselves was
about China not women right crooked
Hillary Clinton put out an ad Riya
misquoted on women can't believe she
would misrepresent the facts my hit was
on China amazing the crooked Hillary can
do a head ad on me concerning women when
her husband was the worst abuser of
women in US political history and this
is the part where Donald Trump is going
to defeat Hillary Clinton so Hillary
we'll wheel out all the dirt on Trump
but again he's black socks you never get
sturdy the longer you wear him the
blacker he gets right when he hits
Hillary Hillary is the Bubble Boy and
when you hit the bubble boy the bubble
boy goes down so that last tweet there
about how her husband was the worst
abuser of women in US political history
that's true that's true by any stretch
of the imagination that's true it makes
it very difficult to say oh it's
terrible that Donald Trump said she's
bleeding from her wherever when your
husband was literally raping people and
you were threatening the rape victims
makes it real hard and Trump is not
afraid to use anything and this is the
thing again the the the immune system
for the Hillary campaign is gone they
have no immune system which is why
Bernie Sanders is able to just walk in
and he's a weak virus Bernie Sanders
right he's not even a solid case of the
flu he's more like a cold and he's about
to kill Hillary Clinton right her
candidacy is going to die at the hands
of a 73 year old almost inert virus what
happens when there's an actual virus
that attacks her in the name of
character attacked
so the best tweet that Trump tweeted
today was actually none of these it was
Trump's tweet on on Hillary's claim that
she was going to have bill handle the
economy so Hillary came out and she said
bill won't be a member of my camp
campaign or a member of my cabinet but
he will be a member of he will be the
guy who handles the economy this is what
he says he'll be the guy who handles the
economy so Donald Trump rightly tweets
quote crooked Hillary said her husband
is going to be in charge of the economy
if so he should run not her will he
bring the Energizer to DC and for people
who don't know what the Energizer is and
the energizer is a reference in Ronald
kessler's book about Secret Service it's
a reference to Bill Clinton's blonde
mistress who is squired in to Chappaqua
every time Hillary Clinton goes out of
town right so the implication here hey
Donald Trump is not afraid to just throw
the kitchen sink and by the way this is
great I love it so much right you're
talking to me maybe the number one anti
Trump advocate on the right and I love
this this is great okay the reason that
it's great is twofold number one what
he's saying here is exactly correct okay
if Donald Trump is if Hillary Clinton is
trying to run on her husband's career
why isn't he running why is she running
what do they have to do with each other
then even like each other and that's his
final point there which is look if we
want bill there and we want a woman who
bill loves don't bring Hillary can't
stand Hillary let him bring the one he's
nailing right let him bring let him
bring the hot blonde one that they're
squaring into Chappaqua so Donald this
sort of stuff because here's the thing
now that he said energizer
he runs the news cycle folks he's big
enough he has eight point seven million
followers the news cycle will will
revolve around this kind of thing so now
what do you get you're gonna get days of
commentary on what does he mean by the
Energizer what is that and then you get
these charges reviewed right because you
need the background right I had to
explain to you what the Energizer was so
will everyone else in the media what is
the Energizer why does that have to do
with Hillary Clinton why does that have
to do with Bill and Hillary's only
response is gonna be it's sexist to make
me responsible for my husband's affairs
well when you were running the bimbo
eruption unit in the White House it
ain't that sexist so this is all Hillary
look here's how Hillary is is responding
to these sorts of things she was
confronted by a protester and Hillary
looks
two steps away from death here and here
is Hillary Clinton wearing what appears
to be a uniform stolen from
baskin-robbins and she's talking to a
protester I think is in Kentucky and
your governor did such a great job and
your current governor is trying to undo
it all undo it all oh yes it is ma'am
yes it is if it yes it is
now you you are you are you are entitled
to your opinion but you're not entitled
to your own facts
and I'll be I'll be happy I'll be happy
when I finish talking to everybody else
for you to come over here and you can
tell me what you're saying and we can
talk and we can hear what's on your mind
but I'll tell you what the truth is and
you know it's time people stop listening
to a Republican propaganda okay first of
all okay so quick note I used to watch
the behind the rings of Lord of the
Rings and behind the rings of Lord of
the Rings which is my favorite film
trilogy and one of the things they talk
about is how they created the voice of
the Balrog okay how they created that
voice how that sound effect was made and
what they did is they took legitimately
the the sound of a of a brick like a
gravel brick like what do you call a
cinder block like they took a cinder
block and they rubbed it against another
piece of cinder block really slowly and
then mic'd it up rises I'll take it that
rumbly gravelly sound that's also how
they created the voice of Hillary
Clinton
so when Hillary Clinton speaks it's
actually the voice of the Balrog except
sped up and made incredibly shrill and
yes it is shrill folks shrill has a
definition and Hillary fits the
definition there men who are shrill also
but you know that that's a whole
different category right there if this
is her best shot like when she gets hit
with something you're not entitled to
your own fat is there a cliche she won't
spout
Hillary Clinton is basically an athlete
who's asked after the game if that game
went well after they lost by 20 points
they say well you know we got to take a
one game at a time and didn't really
enjoy and and Trump Trump is the guy who
gives the great press conference quotes
afterward it's gonna be very difficult
for Hillary to fight all of that and
Trump is using the fact that the media
have protected Hillary for so long
against her she's not immune to these
sorts of charges in fact she's she's
precisely the opposite she's very
vulnerable to them okay time for some
things that I like and some things that
I don't like okay so things that I like
somebody emailed me and made me aware of
this channel on YouTube called ben
shapiro thug life and it's I have to
admit I laughed really hard when I saw
this this is a clip of me I'm tremble
which school this was I think this is
Virginia Tech I think I was speaking at
Virginia Tech and I was confronted by
someone who disagreed and you'll see how
and I'll describe it to you if you don't
subscribe but again subscribe folks so
that you'll get the joke it's very
difficult for me to see how it's not a
privilege you get a lower score on the
SAT than the Asian guy who's living in
exactly the same circumstance he gets
penalized 50 points you get 230 points
on the SATs that is definitionally a
privilege so there's one do disagree
yeah but I don't want to take okay cuz
I'm some just Colette so here's my
message to the to the bloviating
jackasses outside toughen up you spoiled
brat snow flakes if you actually want a
better world
the reason you're hearing this obnoxious
kind of rap track underneath folks if
you're listening is because somebody
took these clips of me and then they did
like a freeze-frame of me and they put a
blunt in my mouth and a and like a gold
chain around my neck and then it says
thug life so I find this humorous that's
all I can say whoever is doing this well
done it's it's very funny considering
that I would not I have never smoked pot
number one and number two I wouldn't
know a rap song if it came up and bit me
on the ass so there's that okay second
thing that I like today uh movies I'm
trying to I'm try and do some more
modern movies too have been doing a lot
of old movies lately um so modern movie
that I really like LA Confidential this
from 1998 really really good film should
have won Best Picture that year I think
was it the same year Saving Private Ryan
I think maybe Shakespeare in level in
that you're in any case it's a really
really good film LA Confidential with
Russell Crowe and Guy Pearce and and you
should check that out LA Confidential is
a it's a really solid film okay couple
of things that I hate so number one
Hillary has a brand new plan you think
Hillary is just gonna ruin foreign
policy she'll children domestic policy -
and one of the problems with the
economic collapse one of the reasons we
had an economic collapse is because of
the politicization of our economic
system via the federal government so the
subprime meltdown the subprime crisis
was caused in part because the federal
government felt that minorities were
being systemically discriminated against
systematically discriminated against in
the banking industry so what they did is
they gave tremendous incentives by the
federal government to give subprime
mortgages to minority buyers of homes
who couldn't afford it and then it
turned out they couldn't afford it
because the reason banks weren't giving
them loans is because they had bad
credit or because they couldn't afford
things so then everything went south and
it all imploded the lesson Democrats
learned from this is that we need more
of that not less so Hillary Clinton has
a new plan
for the Federal Reserve the Federal
Reserve for people who aren't versed in
in economics very much the Federal
Reserve is a is there something called
the Federal Reserve Board and it's seven
governors who are appointed by the
President and confirmed by the Senate
and then another 12 regional presidents
of banks Federal Reserve banks across
the nation the Federal Reserve was
instituted in 1913 to do a few things
the first thing was really instituted to
do was insist that federally chartered
banks federally licensed banks kept a
certain amount of their money in reserve
in case there was a panic and run on the
bank the reason that banks used to go
bust is because everybody would show up
at the same time and say give me my
money
rightly can it's a wonderful life
everybody shows up at the same time and
they are in Mary Poppins everybody shows
up at the same time and there's what
they call a run on the bank and a lot of
the money isn't there right because all
the money has been lent out to other
people for their various projects so
what they said is your deposits are
guaranteed so there was a guarantee by
the Federal Reserve that up to a certain
amount of money I think right now it's
$250,000 if you put that in a federally
deposit if it's part of the FDIC then
it's going to be insured that money is
available to you even if the bank were
to for some reason go bust the other
thing the Federal Reserve does and it's
much more powerful is they lend out
money to these banks at a prevailing
interest rate this is why whenever you
see Janet Yellen set the interest rate
what she's doing is she's setting the
rate at which banks can borrow from the
central bank to make loans to other
people so you have a high interest rate
what that means is less loans are being
given to people and that means there's
less inflation in terms of real price
right now if it's the opposite if the
interest rates don't exist then banks
can take out loans and they can invest
it in the stock market which is why the
stock market has gone up or invested in
real estate now there's an argument to
be made the Federal Reserve shouldn't do
any of these things that basically the
monetary supply should be the monetary
supply the government should not mess
around with it it should always be what
it is you can't just print dollars to
get out of government debt you can't
just print dollars to bail out banks
right that's it that's a good case I
tend to agree with it however if you are
going to have a Federal Reserve at the
very least you would imagine it was a
banking thing right it's an economics
thing you probably want the people on it
to be economists people who are familiar
with banking right you wouldn't want it
to be a political agency Hillary Clinton
has now come out and she says we need
more black people and we need more women
on the Federal Reserve and we need less
bankers
the Federal Reserve so she presumably
wants like DeRay McKesson on the Federal
Reserve explaining to people why it is
that we need to inflate the currency for
the sake of black inner-city communities
if you want to destroy the American
economy and destroy the value of the
dollar put a bunch of political hacks in
charge of the Federal Reserve put them
in charge of the Federal Reserve by the
way when that's happened before when
Richard Nixon for example used the
Federal Reserve in order to manipulate
currency manipulate the inflation rate
in the 70s it led to a malaise that
lasted most of the decade and included
the Jimmy Carter Administration Hillary
wants to do that same thing but she
wants to fully politicize the Federal
Reserve which is just a genius idea on
every level so that's that's genius and
we will part on an even-handed note
Roger stone who he quoted earlier Trump
surrogate you got Hillary Clinton wants
to take control of the Federal Reserve
by putting in charge a bunch of people
on diverse basis and then you have Roger
stone who says that Donald Trump you
know when Donald Trump was acting as his
own PR man and using a fake name as we
played yesterday Roger stone is about to
tell you why there's such a grand
history and American tradition of doing
this this is ridiculous James Madison
John Adams Alexander Hamilton they all
wrote under pseudonyms they all had
things they wanted to say and they wrote
under pseudonyms Trump wanted to get his
spin on a story so he handled the press
call himself probably because he didn't
want to pay a public relations expert
does it make by the way he's actually
pretty effective at dealing with the
press if we haven't seen that from the
course of this course this campaign well
and let's face it they're just far more
important questions before the American
people about what other than whether
Donald Trump you know essentially acted
as his own PR agent 20 years ago on a
personal matter I just don't understand
the relevance but the best part of that
was where Roger stone suggests that
Donald Trump acting as his own PR agent
to talk about who he's stooping this
week is the same as James Madison and
Alexander Hamilton using pen names to
write the federal pated The Federalist
paper is about the Constitution yes it's
exactly the same thing you have to be
fully stupid to believe this but I guess
honest to god you kind of have to be
fully stupid to believe that either one
of these people is going to be a great
president in any
a shape or form but we'll be back
tomorrow to cover more of the unfolding
circus as it unfolds before us with
laughter in our hearts and tears in our
eyes i'm ben shapiro
this is the ben shapiro show
