Nevada Democrats held a convention over
the weekend fortunately only 17 people
were killed 30 were wounded and eight
were found hung upside down from
lampposts with clown makeup painted on
their faces and pink ribbons tied around
their private parts I'm not sure what
that was about the melee started when
supporters of Bernie Sanders accused
Hillary Clinton supporters of rigging
the outcome of the convention by
lowering some of Sanders delegates to a
deserted toll booth on Long Island than
blocking their exit and riddling their
jittering bodies with machine gun
bullets the Clinton camp claimed this
was part of the complex delegate
selection process and well within
democrat party rules furious Sanders
supporters responded by charging off to
storm the Winter Palace and unseat the
Czar until they found out the Winter
Palace was in st. Petersburg whereupon
Sanders promised that if he was elected
president everyone would receive free
tickets to Russia since unseating the
Czar was their constitutional right as
Americans when informed that the Tsar
has been dead since 1918 Sanders snapped
back so have I but that hasn't stopped
me from running for president when told
of the Sanders camps aggressive tactics
mrs. Clinton tried to calm the mob by
sending them a pair of Sanders pants
with a mackerel wrapped up inside them
mrs. Clinton told supporters that this
was an old Sicilian symbol meaning
Bernie Sanders sleeps with the fishes
Sanders dismissed the message saying it
merely meant that he had forgotten to
put his pants on this morning and had
also misplaced his mackerel Hillary
Clinton supporter and intolerable shrew
Senator Barbara Boxer bravely faced down
the booing crowd telling them that quote
when you boo me you boo Bernie Sanders
because I actually am Bernie Sanders
dressed in women's clothes that's why I
was in the men's room earlier this
evening it's not because I was hoping to
brush up against a man because I'm just
so terribly lonely
unquote unfortunately this explanation
seemed insufficient when after Bernie
Sanders himself crept up behind senator
boxer and drove an ice pick into her
neck explaining that the Mensheviks had
betrayed the Bolsheviks and that boxer
was actually Trotsky and dragged and in
fact Trotsky could be hiding anywhere
and everywhere among the crowd at that
point Sanders supporters started running
around hysterically sticking ice picks
in one another while mrs. Clinton for
her part attended the baptism
of her new granddaughter during which
Barzini Tattaglia mo green strategy and
all of the clintons families other
enemies were mysteriously gunned down at
locations around the country their
delegates were awarded to Hillary before
being garrotted to death asked about the
chaos in the Democrat Party presumptive
Republican nominee for disastrous
president Donald Trump told reporters I
have no comment on that I wouldn't want
to insult anybody or hurt anyone's
feelings in fact I don't want to talk to
the press at all I'm a very shy person
really and just want to be left alone
from now on okay that last part was pure
fantasy
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the engi Clavin show yes with
Lindsay and encouragement we did get
through it in one take it's amazing he's
one take only the third take but that's
okay all right we are back the country
the Republic is going down the drain but
we are here to be entertained that's the
important thing and you can subscribe if
you subscribe you can not only listen
but you can see my fabulous face and
tomorrow is our second mailbag day so
you get to send in questions there's no
special thing it just tells you how to
do that right on the podcast thing when
you subscribe so send in your questions
we'll answer them all and everything
will become miraculously clear and while
I'm thinking of it I just want to say
thank you to those of you who have
pre-ordered my memoir the great good
thing a secular Jew comes to faith in
Christ because yesterday yes yesterday I
talked to my publishers and they were so
happy that the pre-orders that started
coming in and the pre-orders are really
helpful because they tell Amazon that
this is a book that people support and
that means Amazon supports the book and
so the publisher was just thrilled so
I'm really appreciate your doing that if
you would like to read the great good
thing a secular Jew comes to faith in
Christ
please pre-order it and continue this
wonderful trend all right over the
weekend they have the Democrats had this
convention in Nevada and all hell breaks
loose okay it's like I mean compared you
know the press keeps reporting on how
the we and the GOP we know on the right
I should say are having this civil war
over Donald Trump well
our civil war compared to their civil I
mean we sound it sounds like an
intellectual conversation at a country
club our civil war you know
don't from maybe a fascist but really
well I think you're a cock Servat of Jew
and should be shot
let's order another round of champagne
shall we I mean it's just so civilized
compared to the Democrats they've
completely fallen apart so they have
this convention and they have these
complex rules just like the Republicans
have complex rules and the Bernie
Sanders people who are now seeing their
hopes for their candidates slipping away
are starting to realize that they have
no chance because the machine is in
complete control and they're not gonna
get the delegates they want so here's
the New York Times description of this
convention all right thrown chairs
leaked cell phone numbers death threats
spewed across the internet no this is
not the work of Donald Trump supporters
because we all know it's Republicans who
are violent it's never it's never soft
with socialist violent who ever heard of
such a thing say it's not the work of
Donald Trump supporters some of whom
have harassed critics of the presumptive
Republican presidential nominee so they
can't say a nasty thing about the
Democrats without first getting their
dig at the Republicans this was angry
supporters of senator Bernie Sanders who
were directing their ire at the Nevada
Democratic Party and its chairwoman
Roberta lang over a state convention on
Saturday that they think was emblematic
of a rigged political system it's been
vile said miss Lang who riled Sanders
supporters by refusing their requests
for rule changes at the event in Las
Vegas it's been threatening messages
threatening my family threatening my
life threatening my grandchild I've got
the Democrats I love this party the
vicious response has come as millions of
new voters many of whom felt excluded by
establishment politicians have flocked
to the insurgent campaigns of mr.
Sanders and mr. Trump wait what does
Trump have to do with this they just
keep throwing him in mr. Trump has all
but locked up the nomination but many
backers of Mr Sanders remain enraged as
his hopes of being the Democratic
candidate dwindle so here's Senator
Barbara Boxer who is just she's just
intolerable to even look at she goes out
there she's a Hillary Clinton supporter
and she goes out and they Brewer like
crazy and this is her responsibility
Bernie Sanders and I bring a message
from Hillary Clinton
we need civilian
in the Democratic Party civility
because the whole future of the country
is at stake
you're doing Bernie Sanders go ahead
let's hear it for Hillary Clinton
we we live victory
it's like some woman in Bonn a Brooklyn
street pushing her cart down the street
screaming Venus I got a message in my
tooth crazy this horrible nag dagnine's
be when they're ready to rip her to
pieces I mean they really sound angry so
they want socialism these guys want
socialism let me ask something I would I
wish they were here I could ask these
Bernie say are they paying attention to
what's happening in Venezuela and they
looking at what you know Venezuela our
neighbors our neighbors to the south
South America no South America is like
social justice social justice sounds
like justice but it's not you know you
put a if you put a meaningless adjective
in front of an important noun
it's like putting just a little bit of
crap in a milkshake you don't get a
little bit of milkshake in a little bit
of crap you just get crap right let's
add active in front of an important noun
you get meaninglessness social justice
doesn't mean anything well South America
is kind of like that it sounds like
America but it's not they are falling
apart I mean this is I mean crime is
rampant there electricity is off there's
no food their economy has crashed okay
here's a New York Times description of
what's happening in their hospitals okay
the economic crisis in this country in
Venezuela has exploded into a public
health emergency claiming the lives of
untold numbers of Venezuelans it is just
part of a larger unraveling here that
has become so severe it has prompted
president Nicolas Maduro to impose a
state of emergency and has raised fears
of a government collapse hospital wards
have become crucibles where the forces
tearing Venezuela apart have converged
gloves and soap have vanished from some
hospitals often cancer medicines are
found only on the black market there is
so little electricity that the
government works only two days a week to
save what energy is left okay Venezuela
now which by the way is an oil-rich
country that used to be filled with
businesses not so long ago you had a
thriving business community before our
Hugo Chavez came in okay it had this
thriving business community it has all
kinds of Natural Resources and had all
kinds of trading partners this this is
what you know sometimes when a country
recovers suddenly they call it an
economic miracle this is an economic
miracle only in Reverse I mean this is
an absolute disaster so why is this
happening why is it happening CNN has an
article it's why do this happening and I
just love this listen to this president
Maduro Maduro took over from Hugo Chavez
like a year ago was only a year ago
Chavez died he's the heir of the
populist President Hugo Chavez who died
of cancer in 2013 okay so it was more
than three years
riding to power in 1999 on the back of
anti-us sentiment and high oil revenues
Chavez implemented a heavily statist
economic model but the leftist nature of
the movement created enmity with many
including the United States and Chavez
was a regular thorn in the side of
former US President George W Bush that
was the problem see the problem was not
the statist leftist government it was
george w bush and Maduro the CNN goes on
he lacks his predecessors firebrand
populism he wasn't popular he didn't
rule the people like Chavez did and the
high oil prices that fend funded many of
Chavez's social programs this
combination has led to widespread
dissatisfaction with the former bus
drivers time at the helm the mutual us
Venezuelan distrust continues to this
day so they're telling viewers that
somehow it's our fault this is the
left's narrative for every single thing
this is entirely the doing of Hugo
Chavez and his socialism who go shabbos
went in he took over all the businesses
and he nationalized all these businesses
took everything away he scared off all
the foreign investors all those
millionaires and billionaires that
Bernie Sanders demonizes all the time
guess what happens when you demonize
them they don't want to give you money
they don't want to put money in your
country they don't want to put money in
your businesses there's plenty other
countries in the world they just go off
and put their money there so there's no
money for any business so all they had
left was their oil just like the Arabs
all they had left was the stuff that God
had given them under the ground because
God has this hilarious sense of humor
that it's very difficult to understand
so they have all this oil well what
happens you know we start developing
energy through fracking and suddenly
there's abundance of oil suddenly OPEC
gets scared
start lowering prices the price of oil
goes down they got nothing they've got
nothing and it's all because of Hugo
Chavez and socialism this is what Chavez
did to this country this is his hand his
tyrannical hand and let's go back in
time in the in the wayback machine for a
minute and just remember all these
leftists who told us what a great guy
who go Shabbos was and how wonderful you
know Pat Robertson made got in trouble
cuz he made a comment that Chavez should
be assassinated and you know he wasn't
he wasn't far wrong but Sean Penn rushed
actor Sean Penn you know always on the
right side always on the right side of
terrorism death and murder Sean Penn
went out and wrote a big piece for the
left-wing nation saying that Google
Shabbos was being demonized and here he
was touting his piece much of the u.s.
press described bribes and as a dictator
in fact even our Vice president-elect
Joe Biden recently described him in in a
rally speeches event the venezuelan
dictator he's clearly not a dictator by
any international standard even Human
Rights Watch declares it a democracy the
the elections are some of the most
transparent and incredible elections in
the world today there's also mythology
related to his oppression of the press
there again like neat like in the United
States there are issues in all of these
countries it's not a none of its perfect
but I think that and as I say in the
piece you know these countries only ever
had two choices were either to be
imperfectly their own or to be
imperfectly ours and like us they'd
rather they prefer to be their own a
stupid thing to say you know hey you
know it's like you were great in Mystic
River Sean too bad about all the cancer
patients who can't get medicine now I
want it you know are we gonna get an
apology or from Michael Moore who when
Chavez died here was his tweet Michael
Moore tweet me Chavez died Lugo Chavez
declared the oil belong to the people he
used the oil the oil money to eliminate
75% of extreme poverty provide free
health and education for all that was
Morris too
when Chavez died that made him dangerous
u.s. approved of a coup to overthrow him
even though he was democratically
elected president
you won't hear much nice about him in
the US media in the next few days so I
thought I'd say a couple things to
provide some balance you know if this is
is that knuckle head too big to put on a
tweet because I think that Michael Moore
would now like the but I was a fat now
go ahead I'm sorry but you never get
being a left this means you never have
to say you're sorry you never have to
say you're sorry because the press will
never call you out they're never gonna
play this back on CNN or in the New York
Times I'm never gonna remind anybody of
you know but Barack Obama congratulating
Venezuela on reelect Dean Chavez you
know it's just it just goes away so this
is what socialism does this is what
socialism always does
Glenn Reynolds has a piece just trying
to speak to the young people who haven't
seen what socialism does you know they
haven't seen it and that's why they
think Bernie Sanders going out there
socialism wonderful new idea it's a new
idea cuz they haven't seen it but this
is socialism so Glenn Reynolds our
friend who does insta pundit the great
blog site he says it is a common
misconception that socialism is about
helping poor people actually what
socialism does is create poor people and
keep them poor and that's not by
accident under capitalism this is a
great line by the way under capitalism
rich people become powerful but under
socialism powerful people become a rich
when you look at a socialist the reason
for that is because the more the
government takes over businesses and
regulate businesses the more they get
paid off you know the more businesses
have to rely on lobbyists and bribes and
influence to get their business done
instead of just going and doing their
business going to the people and selling
their goods
all right so under capitalism rich
people become powerful but under
socialism powerful people become rich
when you look at a socialist country
like Venezuela you find that the rulers
are fabulously wealthy even as the
ordinary citizens deal with empty
supermarket shelves and electricity
ration rationing the daughter of
Venezuela's socialist ruler Hugo Chavez
is the richest individual in Venezuela
worth billions of dollars in Cuba Fidel
Castro reportedly has lived pretty much
literally like a king even as his
subjects dwelt in poverty and we saw
that when Obama
and legitimized Cuba by going and
visiting we saw the cars from the 1950s
and the Hutt's people were listening in
okay so as Helena the Communist Party
big shots in the Soviet Union had lavish
country houses and apartments in town
stocked with hand-polished
fresh fruit even as the common people
stood in line for hours at state-run
stores in the hope of getting staples
there's always a lot of talk about free
healthcare but it's generally
substandard for the masses and fancy for
the elite well this is old news George
Orwell explained the phenomenon in his
Animal Farm many decades ago but people
keep falling for it like Ponzi schemes
socialism is an evergreen form of fraud
egged on by suckers eager to believe the
lies that hucksters tell them and you
know the reason that they not only want
they they want to get rich obviously the
powerful people want to get rich without
having to do anything Barack Obama has
no skills he has no talent he has no
ability everything he's touched has gone
bad everything he touches gone bad and
yet he's gonna make a fortune for the
rest of his life simply by having been
powerful by being powerful well the
businesses that heeds destroyed the coal
business and all these other businesses
that are suffering all these small
businesses that never got to start
because of heavy regulation they're
gonna suffer but the thing is see if
they make those people rich and one of
the guys in Venezuela actually said this
by the way one of the Shabet what did
they call him shut that Chavez or
something like says one of Google
Shabbos men actually said this he said
we don't want to move these people to
make these people rich because then they
become part of the opposition once
they've become rich if you let a
businessman become richer than he wants
to be free you know so they don't want
him to be rich they keep you poor
because you're easier to control so I
know what people are gonna say is oh yes
but that would never happen here because
this is not socialism it's democratic
socialism that they haven't that
wonderful Scandinavia okay first of all
just this this you can't make up you
cannot make up we saw just a little
touch a little touch of what a Bernie
Sanders administration will look like
like in Vermont okay here's a story
about a college in Vermont Burlington
College announced today that it will
close on May 27 after it found itself
unable to recover from the crushing
weight of the
I incurred under Jane O'Meara Sanders is
that familiar name right the that's the
college's former president and it's the
wife of Bernie Sanders at the end of
2010 miss Sanders took out ten million
in loans on behalf of Burlington college
to purchase a 32 acres swath of land
from the Roman Catholic Diocese the
college almost immediately fell short on
its financial obligations as fundraising
pledges and commitments miss Sanders
cited in the loan agreements never
materialized she said there'd be money
to pay off the debt but there wasn't
less than a year after leaving leading
Burlington less than a year after
leading Burlington College into massive
debt miss Sanders resigned taking with
her a $200,000 severance package this is
not the onion this is a real story
mrs. Bernie Sanders driving a college
into bankruptcy and leaving with her
$200,000 severance package that is
socialism at work so what about
Scandinavia and this is every other word
you know yesterday Barack Obama said
when people tell you that the past was
glorious don't listen to them you know
when people tell you about other
countries make sure they've lived there
make sure they've lived in those other
countries because most people when they
talk about Switzerland they talk about
Norway they haven't got a clue what that
place is like Sweden and this is from a
story in The Boston Globe I believe
Sweden was a poor nation for most of the
19th century that's why all those Swedes
were coming over and populating the West
when you go out west they're all these
people with Swedish names you know
they're those are the people who came
over in the 19th century because Sweden
was so poor that began to change as
Stockholm starting around 1870 turned to
free enterprise reforms robust
capitalism replaced the formerly
agrarian system and Sweden grew rich
Sweden's hard left turn didn't come
about until much later it was in the
late 1960s and early 1970s the taxes
soared welfare payments expanded and
entrepreneurship was discouraged this is
Bernie Sanders plan for America ok and
and really it's Obama and Clinton's plan
too they just want to do it in slow
motion so Bernie Sanders wants to do
right away but they want to
slow motion what happened Sweden in
Sweden's world beating growth rate dried
up in 1975 it had been the fourth
wealthiest nation on earth as measured
by GDP per capita by 1993 it had dropped
to 14th by then Swedes had begun to
regard their experiment with socialism
as what one scholar called a colossal
failure Denmark has come to a similar
conclusion it's lavish subsidies are
being rolled back amid sharp concerns
about welfare abuse and an eroding work
ethic in the last general election Danes
replaced a left-leaning government with
one tilted to the right Scandinavia's
quality of life didn't spring from
leftist policies it survived them and by
the way they are saying this in
Scandinavia the Swiss the Swedes the
Danes they're all saying no no you're
not going to be like we were you want to
be like we were before and like we're
now trying to become again because the
other thing that happens with socialism
is you take away people's work I think
if you're getting everything for free
you don't have to go out and make a
living you know you don't have to go and
make a living and people you know it
drags the energy out of a society look
at Europe as the slow-motion Islamic
invasion takes place and they sit there
stupefied and their leader there they've
been unarmed by their government so they
have no guns to fight back with they see
and they sit there and stare as their
country is taken away as their country
is burned down in where is it Copenhagen
Islamic gangs are going around getting
protection money they call it Sharia
money from from bars and pubs for
breaking Sharia law so they can continue
to sell liquor I mean you know this this
is what happens when socialism sucks the
guts and the energy and the strength and
the patriotism out of a country luckily
though that's Bernie Sanders luckily
Hillary Clinton has her economic policy
so play Hillary Clinton here's her
economic policy
whoo I'm gonna put in charge of
revitalizing the economy because you
know he knows how to do it and
especially in places like coal country
and inner cities and other parts of our
country that have really been left out I
don't know anything about finance money
I let my husband do that you know I'm
just a girl I don't know anything about
money I'm just gonna let my husband do
that so she's gonna but Bill Clinton in
charge he's reminding people that things
were good in the 90 why everything's
good in the nineties well first of all
Bill Clinton had the Reagan Revolution
wind at his back Reagan had held all
this tax reform he had cut the tax rate
hugely I know now the left tries to sell
this idea that he raised the tax rate he
cut it far more than he had raised it
back he raised it back a little but he
cut it in immensely so he set the
economy going again Clinton had that
wind at his back he had the invention of
the Al Gore invented the internet you
know he had his vice president it
invented the internet suddenly we had
computers remember this is the night the
the nineties right yeah this is when
computers suddenly got cell phones all
this Silicon Valley that was all stuff
that happened to Bill Clinton all that
stuff by the way that Hillary says
didn't work all that trickle-down
economics he keeps telling us that
didn't work it was it was Bill who made
the economy run it was Bill well Bill
had trickle down economy at his back
that wind at his back Bill Clinton said
the era of big government is over
Hillary Clinton disagrees with that Bill
Clinton passed the anti-crime bill which
is huge by the way crime is a huge
detriment to business to doing business
and well you can't do business if you're
under the gun all the time pass the
crime bill Hillary's against that passed
the Defense of Marriage Act that's
already gone what about immigration what
about Bill's ideas on illegal
immigration play that one of these areas
is the problem of illegal immigration
after years of neglect this
administration has taken a strong stand
to stiffen the protection of our borders
we are increasing border controls by 50
percent we are increasing inspections to
prevent the hiring of illegal immigrants
and tonight I announce I will sign an
executive order to deny federal
contracts to businesses that hire
illegal immigrants let me be very clear
about this
we are still a nation of immigrants we
should be proud of it we should honor
every legal immigrant here working hard
to be a good citizen working hard to
become a new citizen but we are also a
nation of laws
holy Donald Trump I'm gonna build a wall
I'm gonna make Mexico pay for it you
said everything but that you know this
those what about the dreamers the
dreamers that Hillary Clinton so much
more lawns order mansions you know what
about the dreamers bill wasn't nice so
everything that Bill stood for Hillary
is rejected every single thing that Bill
stirs and everything that Obama stands
for that has made slowed our economy
down basically to a crawl she says she's
gonna continue so I don't know what what
her ideas at all you know this is I
think I said this yesterday the call
march line that I quote Karl Marx
yesterday about how history repeats
itself once is once it's tragedy yeah
once his tragedy once as farce and this
is the farcical version of the
Communists and the fascists in in Europe
well there was a wonderful cartoon I
know I've played it once before a long
time ago but it's worth playing again a
wonderful cartoon in the 30s or 40s to
mind Americans that freedom it was
called make mine freedom and it was to
remind Americans that this stuff is
snake oil the socialism fascism the
populism of Donald Trump I'm not leaving
him out that it was snake oil and it
showed how people we argue with each
other and then the fight becomes so bad
that's and we get so stagnated in that
fight if somebody comes along with the
solution here's just a cut a clip from
that cartoon is it fault
it's ruining the country my constituents
as your elected representative I can
assure you labor rights
management's right I'm strictly neutral
politicians they can't tell your problem
dr. utopia sensational new discovery
isn't in some with your in the ailment
as the body politic he
terrific it's tremendous once she was
one of the contents of this bottle you
have the bountiful benefits of higher
wages shorter hours and security the
enormous profits no strikes
remember you're the big boss government
control no worry about votes name your
own salary bigger crops lower costs
why ISM even makes the weather perfect
every day this is not new this is not
new you know and it's like you wonder
freedom works again and again and again
you give people freedom their economy
explodes goes through the roof they're
happier all indications are that people
are happiest under free so what's wrong
with it
what is it lack that people want and I
think the key thing you know capitalism
capitalism I've said this before I know
but capitalism is a machine for turning
self-interest into the common good you
come in and you say I want to make
myself a million dollars but in order to
make a million dollars I have to invent
something that you want that you're
willing to give me money for so you get
this brand-new iPhone and I get my money
and that's everybody is a little happier
and every ball ships rise
the one thing that freedom lacks is it
lacks a say an unearned sense of virtue
it lacks order and it lacks an unearned
sense of virtue it's dangerous because
it's for courageous courageous people a
brave people who are willing to take
risks and it doesn't make you feel
virtuous you have to add the virtue of
yourself you know self-interest is not
something that young people want to talk
about that when oh I want to work for a
non-profit you know they do something
that nobody wants that nobody wants to
pay for because nobody cares whether it
happens or not nobody wants to say yeah
I just want to make a million dollars I
mean if they haven't invited me to give
a commencement speech I would say go out
there and make yourself a million
dollars because in order to do that
you're gonna have to invest you're gonna
have to risk you're gonna have to invent
you're gonna do all the things that
actually make society better instead of
sitting around complaining that you know
you're not using a fan instead of oil so
you know it it has the sense that you
have to provide the virtue and people
don't want to do that they want to vote
and feel virtuous without actually being
virtuous it don't work it doesn't work
and just you know just look to Venezuela
and Venezuela shows you that Sanders
wrong it shows you that Obama's wrong it
shows you that Hillary Clinton is wrong
and in
another sense that week II don't have
time to talk about today it shows you
that Donald Trump is wrong because that
sort of strongman populism was the other
side of Google Shabbos
all right stuff I like we're doing true
crime stuff I like and everybody asked
me yesterday like what did I recommend I
recommended midnight not midnight and
the devil in the White City and by the
way the serial killer in the Dublin
White City actually went to the college
the that mrs. Sanders ran actually
attend that college was a very
distinguished institution 18 homes let's
thank you very much that's that's right
today I want talk about midnight in the
Garden of Good and Evil and
unfortunately Clint Eastwood made
directed this movie and it's just not
very good the movie is just not very
good the book is spectacular it is the
longest-standing
New York Times best seller came out in
1994 it was on the bestseller list for
216 weeks I mean it was just on there
forever you know so like it's it really
it's that's almost four years right I
mean jeez it's that's amazing it's over
40 anyway
anyway I'm doing the math in my head uh
it's the story it's the story of a
respected antiques dealer who murdered a
male prostitute in Savannah and Savannah
is one of the most beautiful cities on
earth because it didn't get burned when
Sherman marched to the sea during the
Civil War it still is this old southern
city full of charm and beauty and it
just has this weird offbeat night life
filled with transsexuals and gay people
and craziness and it just takes you into
that entire world some of the people in
the world are bad and some of them are
good but all of them are weird and
interesting and it's just a fantastic
story of a murder and the trials that
ensued and the politics that went into
it it is just as fun and weird and
corrupt a story as you could possibly
imagine and it tells you a lot about
these little towns these little cities
that are forgotten in America alright
that's socialism for you I think we've
cleared that up so good luck to the
people in Venezuela because that's gonna
explode and violence I'm afraid and we
may actually actually have to go in
there and quiet it down because it's not
gonna be pleasant but it's gonna be
pleasant here because we're just gonna
keep on laughing no matter what until
they come and take us away till they
come with the butterfly nets we're gonna
keep
laughing so come back tomorrow for the
mailbag subscribe so you can join in the
mailbag
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show and we will see you then
