ladies you are the bull Connor's of the
bathroom
so says Attorney General Loretta Lynch
who by her own standard may or may not
be a woman depending on how she feels
like right now she explained on Monday
the North Carolina law giving businesses
Liberty to maintain sex specific
bathrooms across the state was in fact a
violation of federal law
so Lynch says the law constitutes
discrimination discrimination now under
title seven of the Civil Rights Act of
1964 discrimination on the basis of sex
yes that's precisely what the Civil
Rights Act creators thought when they
wrote it that men had to be protected
from women who insisted that men were
men and who objected to seeing penises
in ladies restrooms Lynch said quote
this is not the first time we have seen
discriminatory responses to historic
moments of progress for our nation we
saw it in the Jim Crow laws that
followed the Emancipation Proclamation
we saw it in the fierce and widespread
resistance to Brown versus Board of
Education and we saw it in the
proliferation of state bans on same-sex
marriage that were intended to stifle
any hope that gay and lesbian Americans
might one day be afforded the right to
marry and this is insulting and it's
stupid but it's really insulting to
actual women so as I mentioned yesterday
on Saturday I watched my wife give birth
you have to be crazy fully insane out of
your freaking gourd to believe that
Caitlyn Jenner and my wife belong to the
same sex honestly God small children
like tiny children like my two year old
understand this the federal government
doesn't and the federal government wants
you to relearn everything that you've
known since you were two because they're
disgusting and terrible the left used to
deny by the way the gender-neutral
bathrooms were on the docket in the
1970s the left began pushing something
called the Equal Rights Amendment the
Equal Rights Amendment said that there
shouldn't be any sort of discrimination
between the sexes in any law at all and
the right said well if you get rid of
gender neutrality it get rid of gender
and legislation then you have to require
sex neutral bathrooms for example
Phyllis Schlafly she said at the time
that unisex bathrooms and eligibility of
females for the draft would both be on
the table and feminists no no we'll
never do that
Jane Mansbridge
feminists at the time she said the
unisex toilet issue fed the fervor of
anti Equal Rights Amendment forces by
giving them something absolutely
outrageous to focus on it could conjure
up visions of rape by predatory males so
the feminists said no we'll never do any
of this except that Schlafly was right
if women and men are exactly the same
but for their subjective self
identifications you can't have separate
bathrooms by the way you can't have
separations for purposes of the draft
there goes the feminists case entirely
that women are special women don't
actually even have to be women they can
be men they can be men with penises and
women are bigots bigots they're like Jim
Crow bigots like slaveholding Jim Crow
bigots if they say differently this is
the argument put forward by the media
who asked if there is any long history
of transgender women raping actual women
in bathrooms the answer is no of course
not that's because we have laws that
prevent men from entering women's
bathrooms this argument is just dumb
it's like asking whether we ought to
allow felons to vote because after all
felons haven't been abusing their right
to vote right because they don't have a
right to vote if you change the law
maybe they'll start abusing it but the
left actually does want to do that to
you by the way they want felons to vote
there are two morals to this story
the first moral is that everything the
left denies they want every single thing
they will be openly embracing and
pushing as the only moral thing to do in
a matter of just a few years second
anyone who stands in the way of the
left's agenda will be labeled a bigot
even girls who prefer not to be unclad
in closed quarters alone with delusional
grown men i'm ben shapiro this is the
ben shapiro show alrighty so here we are
and and I want to start today by talking
about we've been talking a lot about
Trump I want to talk not about Trump
although Trump will tie into this the
reason that the Donald Trump is rising
one of the reasons that he's risen is
because so many people are so upset at
the delusional nature of our politics I
mean totally delusional not even
connected with reality untethered
completely from reality at this point
and so people look at Trump and they say
okay so he lies so he makes things up
everybody lies everybody makes things up
but at least he's not lying and making
things up on behalf of things that are
eminently stupid and untrue at least
he's saying things that are politically
correct sometimes and the reason that
this becomes sort of an a decent notion
of how the world should work the reason
for that is because the the left is so
out of its mind I mean they have they've
absolutely lost their mind when it comes
to pretty much everything so let's start
today with Loretta Lynch we just
discussed it here's Loretta Lynch
talking about how North Carolina's law
that says and there's what the law says
the law says that if I'm a private
business owner in North Carolina there
is no local authority that can force me
to create unisex bathrooms or allow men
into women's bathrooms right if I want
to I can if I want to I can have unisex
bathrooms but I'm not going to be forced
by local legislators into building a
unisex bathroom instead of two separate
bathrooms for men and for women
and it says that people should be
assigned two bathrooms based on their
gender right based on their birth gender
okay not none of this nonsense where you
get to make up your gender as you go my
baby was born a couple of days ago on
the birth certificate it says male and
female it doesn't say one of the 58
other genders that face book talks about
right because they don't exist because
that's all crap that you make up in your
head
anyway Loretta Lynch says that the law
in North Carolina is not just wrong it's
Jim Crow wrong so here's Loretta Lynch a
black woman I can't imagine how black
people feel about this I mean our our
black people who agree with this really
dupes like this are they really dupes
like this if she compared this to the
Holocaust wouldn't Jews be upset and
she's weren't upset wouldn't you say boy
they're dumb boy that's it that's
inappropriate you know for a little inch
a black woman to say that a white man
can be a black woman is the height of
silliness but here she is saying that if
you don't want if I don't want a man
walking into a bathroom with my wife if
I don't if my wife goes into a bathroom
and then a man follows her in there and
I don't feel like that's appropriate I
should be able to go get a security
guard and not be seen as somebody who's
nasty or discriminatory here's Loretta
Lynch saying that I am like a Jim Crow
person and my wife if she's
uncomfortable knowing that install next
to her is some dude unclad if that makes
her uncomfortable Loretta Lynch says
that basically this makes you a Jim Crow
racist more to the point they created
state-sponsored discrimination against
transgender individuals who simply seek
to engage in the most private
of functions in a place of safety and
security a right taken for granted by
most of us look at its posit for one
last week the mission notified state
officials influencing the most private
of functions in a place of safety and
security okay that seems to me to
describe the women who are in the
bathroom can most private of functions
that would actually have to be in a
private place and safety and security
requires that women be in a place with
women when they are performing this
function okay for it what's so
hypocritical and delusional about all of
this aside from the idiotic notion
idiotic notion that men magically become
women by thinking it is so which is just
insane it's crazy but aside from that
what's amazing is that the same people
who are saying that women should not be
so offended by by men walking into their
bathrooms they're saying that
transgenders should be really offended
if I call him her or her ahem right if I
miss gender then I have to be prosecuted
by the city of New York but if I walk
into a bathroom with women in it no
problem and if the women are offended
it's their problem so if I offend a
transgender person by calling them the
name of their birth sex I'm the problem
of a transgender woman makes someone
feel uncomfortable by walking into a
bathroom of the opposite birth sex then
the problem is the person who feels
uncomfortable you see the inconsistency
here in the silliness here she she
continues along these lines tolls in
North Carolina that House bill two
violates federal civil rights laws we
asked that they certify by the end of
the day today that they would not comply
with or implement House bill two's
restriction on restroom access an
extension was requested by North
Carolina and was under active
consideration but instead of replying to
our offer or providing a certification
this morning the state of North Carolina
and its governor chose to respond by
suing the Department of Justice as a
result of their decisions we are now
moving forward today we are filing a
federal civil rights lawsuit against the
state of North Carolina Governor Pat
McCrory the North Carolina Department of
Public Safety and the University of
North Carolina we are seeking a court
order declaring HB 2's restroom restrict
impermissibly discriminatory as well as
a statewide bar on its enforcement now
while the lawsuit currently seeks
declaratory relief I want to note that
we retain the option of curtailing
federal funding to the North Carolina
Department of Public Safety and the
University of North Carolina as this
case for SIA this is this is totally
crazy this is totally crazy I'll explain
the legal reason is totally crazy this
is also why leftist reinterpreting law
is disgusting so the way that this works
is that when that's said when the Civil
Rights Act was written in 1965 and it
said women and men it said there were
two sexes in the law itself it says
there are two sexes women and men so
what does the left do now they're
redefining what it means to be a woman
so that men fit into the category and
then saying that the law originally
would have prevented discrimination
against men who think they are women if
we don't treat them like women you
understand what's happening you're just
the same way that the left likes to
pretend that the equal the equal the
equal rights under law provisions the
equal protection provisions of the
Fourteenth Amendment to the Constitution
the way they like to pretend that this
is about gay people when it eminently
was not about gay people just because
the the so what they do is they expand
the definition and then they fit they
fit it within what they're looking to do
they did the same thing with the Civil
Rights Act here
women and men meant well women and men
meant then and still mean now except in
the crazy heads of liberals but leftists
are now redefining what it means to be a
woman what it means to be a man and
that's what this whole thing is about in
the end it's not about transgender
bathrooms don't care is there there's
five transgenders in the entire United
States in there they're so few friends
gender people in the United States
they're not even a statistical hash mark
but the fact is that what this really is
about is telling women and men they are
exactly the same but I guarantee you by
the way that if University said okay
women and men are exactly the same
here's what we're gonna do no men's
teams no women's teams the best athletes
get on the team right best athletes get
on the team and which by the way would
kill women's sports destroy it right
women's sports would be over within a
day it would be over in a day right you
take okay we're gonna start a new
baseball team it's just our baseball
team because you've said it's
discrimination if I don't allow a woman
to participate on a man's team or a
man's participate on a women's team
we're just getting rid of separate men's
and women's team title 9 of the of the
same civil rights actually is talking
about says that you have to spend
the same amount of money or have the
same amounts of opportunities in sports
available it's destroyed college
athletics by the way do you have to have
the same amounts of money available for
women's sports as for men's sports or
the same resources available for women's
sports as for men's sports right this is
what they say well so now she's saying
the title 7 which says no discrimination
between women and men is in direct
conflict with title 9 which says you
must have a separation between women and
men in terms of what you're funding and
what you're backing so if a university
came along and they said look you just
said we can't discriminate between women
and men no men's team no women's team
baseball team right and whoever throws
90 miles an hour makes it and it turns
out there are zero women in the United
States who throw the ball 90 miles an
hour literally zero literally zero okay
of the here when people say throw like a
girl by the way you know people are the
left cuz they're crazy they like to say
things like it's so sexist to say throws
like a girl you know why men say throws
like a girl because women throw like
girls and everyone knows what that means
you know what that means it means that
according to scientific study and survey
if you took 1000 men off the street 1000
men off the street and you took the
average woman and you took the average
woman she will throw slower than 997 of
the average men she'll throw slower than
all of them because women are not built
to throw baseballs
men were built to throw rocks and at
beasts right women were not built to do
this so that's it's not a bad thing I
don't think it's a real important life
skill to be able to throw an object
really hard but it is there are
differences between men and women but
the left and simultaneously wants to say
there are four title mind purposes and
then there are not four title seven
purposes so legally speaking this is all
idiotic so Eugene Pollock is a professor
he used to be professor I think at UCLA
in in law now if he teach you still he's
over at UCLA School of Law genius genius
I mean Eugene felt like I went to UCLA
when I was 16 years old Eugene Volokh
once UCLA when he was 12 okay he's a
genius genius and he writes at the
Washington Post some say that a ban on
sex discrimination quote requires unisex
restrooms in public places emphatically
not so according to a prominent feminist
quote separate places to disrobe sleep
perform personal bodily functions are
permitted in some situations required by
regard for individual privacy individual
privacy
right of constitutional dimension is
appropriately harmonized with the
equality principle so who wrote that who
wrote that anybody Ruth Bader Ginsberg
Ruth Bader Ginsburg wrote that back in
now of course she's on the Supreme Court
and presumably she would vote precisely
the opposite she would say that the law
requires she said that when they passed
the law right she would now say the same
law that she was writing about at the
time now requires that we get rid of
private restrooms for men and for women
in June bollocks says title nine bars
sex discrimination and educational
institutions the Civil Rights Act bars
discrimination in many other places the
Equal Protection Clause has since 1975
been interpreted by the Supreme Court as
pretty close to what the Equal Rights
Amendment would have provided so the
bottom line is that what she said back
then is still true what she said back
then is still true but they're gonna
pretend it is and maybe the nature of
sex has changed this is what happens
when you have folks on the Left who
pretend that reality is rewritten every
generation not just the rules reality
itself we get to make it up in our minds
and we get to rewrite it every
generation now the normal person sits
back and goes what are you talking about
are you crazy
are you like I can see my son I can see
my daughter my son is literally four
days old he acts different than my
daughter did he has different parts than
my daughter has hey this is so
out-of-the-box crazy but the left just
keeps pushing this craziness and if you
Gaslight America often enough you gasp
let us often enough for a gaslighting is
this this thing where somebody drives
you crazy then pretends they're not
driving you crazy you Gessle you gas
light Americans off enough we will go
crazy and then we'll nominate Donald
Trump in response and if you make us
crazy we'll go crazy this is what's
happening here so Loretta Lynch as we
mentioned she went ahead and she said
that this bathroom law was just like Jim
Crow okay so I want to just make clear
to people how not like Jim Crow this is
okay so here is like a week ago Caitlyn
Jenner right who is Bruce Jenner who's a
six foot three dude right who got a boob
job and some collagen implants and
facial surgeries and mutilated himself
in the saddest possible way right he
hasn't gone the full monty right he
hasn't gotten he hasn't dropped the
chestnuts yet but he's it but because he
still likes those but bring here's Bruce
Jenner who is a man who thinks he is a
woman and I feel terrible for him
walking into Trump Tower to pee
hey this is what
looks like when transgenders have to
deal with which bathroom to go to here
we go oh my god a trans woman in New
York I got to pee anyway my god
I love this okay last week Donald Trump
said I could take a people anywhere in a
Trump facility so I am gonna go take the
TV in the ladies room
and there's Bruce Jenner Caitlyn Jenner
walking through just walking right in
the ladies room now nothing happens
right now not anymore he's not that
men's room not anymore what's in the
women's room and then he walks out and
he's completed his pee presumably
standing up because he's not a man right
was that too tough right that doesn't
look too tough although there's bizarre
you know when people are mentally ill
they do bizarre things like say I used
to be a man but now I'm a woman and
Caitlyn Jenner clearly when this is this
video if you should subscribe folks you
can see the video because unless you see
the video you can't see this in all of
its massive glory you go to daily
wire.com to subscribe but this is what
caitlyn jenner looks like when caitlyn
jenner has not been retouched by the by
the folks over it over at the magazine
right when they when when Vanity Fair
isn't retouching caitlyn jenner this is
what caitlyn jenner looks like and
caitlyn jenner looks like a man in drag
okay so that's Caitlyn Jenner at Trump
Sam doesn't even the point that I'm
making okay so Loretta Lynch says this
is just like the Jim Crow South this is
a clip from Birmingham Alabama during
the civil rights era okay this is what
happened when Bull Connor decided that
he was going to sick dogs and fire hoses
on peaceful protesters does this look
like Caitlyn Jenner at Trump Tower in
1963 under orders by City Commissioner
Eugene Bull Connor Birmingham Alabama
City Police used fire hoses and police
dogs against children and adults engaged
in nonviolent protests against
segregation the demonstrations were part
of Martin Luther King Junior's
Birmingham campaign television news
coverage of the attacks by police
sparked NASA nationwide protests okay
does that look like Caitlyn Jenner
taking a page doesn't look like Caitlyn
Jenner taking a PETA me
it also doesn't look like the same thing
because black people trying to eat in
restaurants where white people are
allowed to eat is not the same thing as
a man whipping out his junk in a ladies
restroom but nonetheless the black
community because they've already gotten
their civil rights era they now have to
jet this is this is how the left works
together people always ask why is it the
left which favors gay rights for example
also favors the radical Muslims in the
Middle East over Israel
for example why do they do this and the
answer is because they've created a
coalition of victims so what happens is
if you claim victimhood at the hands of
the status quo and if you want to
destroy the status quo we won't pay
attention to why you're claiming
victimhood or what victimized you we
will just say oh you have the same goal
I do you tear down the status quo the
way we do that is we all are victims
together so here is the head of the
n-double a-c-p
saying that Loretta Lynch is right to
compare the North Carolina bathroom law
to Jim Crow racial segregation not
letting black kids into schools
transgenders facing the equivalent of
white people bombing churches this is
it's maddening it's maddening here he is
you're a lawyer you what the Yale Law
School when she makes comparisons the
Jim Crow brown v board of education is
she right uh she is right if we think
about brown v board of education that
the court said that separation and
segregation does something to the inside
of a child
there are ways in which when we set
people aside when we separate them we
segment them we treat them differently
we do something to their dignity is is
an assault on their dignity as well as
an assault on their right and so the
Attorney General is doing with a tough
smart Attorney General is supposed to do
which is to enforce the law fairly okay
this is not what he's saying right now
which is that the law discriminates if
you feel bad about things well it's
amazing women feel really bad when men
come in their bathrooms and they're
hulking over them right when somebody
who's mentally ill walks into the
bathroom dressed as a woman that might
make women feel uncomfortable it would
make me feel uncomfortable and I'm a
dude okay so and I and I'm you know
physically capable of handling myself my
five foot to 105 pounds soaking wet wife
if Caitlyn Jenner comes on hulking in
there I'm not gonna feel like she's a
bigot if she feel slightly uncomfortable
with that right this is it but again
this idea is that the law has to protect
feelings we have to have equality of
feelings MSNBC's ari melbourne he says
the same thing he says the Department of
Justice is arguing it's discriminatory
it's discrimination to say you don't
have the right to identify as your
chosen gender here is the explanation
what do they find it specifically in
violation of when they wrote that letter
saying you cannot
well the issue with the bathrooms is
essentially the DOJ is taking the
position that by excluding people from
bathrooms based on their show we say
born gender and not their chosen gender
or their gender identity and all of
these terms of course can be terms of
art and difficult but by gender identity
they basically mean what people identify
themselves as and so the state going in
and saying you don't have that right
this is a matter of civil rights to
identify as the gender you choose is
itself discriminatory and the other
point procedurally and I know procedures
less dramatic than some of what we just
heard but it's important is attorney
general Lynch also emphasized that the
DOJ tried to give an off-ramp here tried
to give North Carolina an opportunity
and they felt that was completely
rebuffed and that's why they're taking
North Carolina to court okay so North
Carolina has the right to run its own
state but what's amazing about this is
again the idea that the federal law
requires a right to identify as what you
and not just a right for you to identify
that way a right for all of us to
respect how you identify yourself that
said that right doesn't exist you know
the irony of all of this is of course
the same people doing this we're all
over the Rachel Dolezal story the white
lady who pretended she was black and she
said no identify as black I legitimately
identify as black there is more of a
case that Rachel Dolezal is black than
the Caitlyn Jenner is a woman
significantly more of a case
significantly more of a case she at
least shares a common ancestor with
black folks you go back far enough if
she said this herself she go back far
enough we're all from Africa right
there's mitochondrial Eve we go back far
enough we all share a common ancestor
okay men and women we share common
ancestors but they were all men and
women right there was it there's no
point in human history where it was men
and men creating a baby or women and
women creating a baby never happened
didn't exist that way but you know again
this is delusional so 0.1 the delusions
of the left extend to everything up to
and including IDIA sees like this
bathroom stuff what's amazing about this
by the way is the Donald Trump is
willing to buy into this delusion but
we'll explain the Trump tie-in in a
second so the left is saying we're going
to deny reality with regard to the
nature of the differences between men
and women and we're going to cram that
new reality down your throat then they
also say they want to deny reality
foreign-policy so one of the things that
the left has been pushing very hard is
the Iran deal and the Iran deal it turns
out was as we talked about yesterday
marketed it was marketed by the Obama
administration
via all of its friends in the media they
just lied about what the Iran deal was
they created an alternative reality a
fictional reality where Hassan rouhani
the elected leader of Iran who was only
elected because then the mullahs hand
chose him to run right they portrayed
him as a moderate and they said oh he
came into office as a moderate and he
finally had an opportunity to deal this
was a lie okay they were looking for a
deal from the Iranians back in 2012
rouhani was not it was not made the
President of Iran until 2013 so they
created their own alternative reality so
yesterday it turns out the State
Department chopped out chop that they
create their own reality what you'll see
in this tape is the State Department
editing a briefing video editing a
briefing video from December 2013
there's an exchange James Rosen from Fox
News had this exchange with Victoria
Nuland who is the the spokeswoman he
said there have been reports that
intermittently and outside of the formal
p5 +1 mechanisms the Obama
administration or members of it have
conducted direct secret bilateral talks
with Iran is that true or false Newland
said with regard to the kind of thing
you're talking about on a
government-to-government level no yeah
that's an outright lie but they just cut
it out here's that clip she looks like
step agreement on their nuclear program
but there are remaining concerns that we
have as you all are familiar with
whether it's their involvement in
support of the regime in Syria or
humanitarian issues and so that has not
changed that the Obama administration
says we showed up because and there's
the edit okay we can stop it right there
that white flash of light that's actual
missing footage a flashlight boom it's
gone never happen amazing how that
worked they could they're gaslighting us
right we know what's true they're lying
about it and then they're going back and
they're just memory holing things that
don't that don't help them right even
Democrats are starting to say this
administration is memory hauling things
that they don't like
Brad Sherman who's my Congress person
unfortunately out here in California
Brad Sherman he says that the FBI
strong-armed people on the on the pages
from the 9/11 report that were redacted
right here's Brad Sherman
the government just memory hold things
that they don't like I didn't even know
about this incident till I talked to
Glenn on on the floor the the the
senator's daughter and then i went and
and but it's a this didn't become a
major story because senator Graham is is
such a calm person but they took a
former senator governor grabbed him at
an airport hustled them into a room with
adult with armed force to try to
intimidate him into taking different
positions on issues of public policy and
and and an important national policy and
the fact that he wasn't intimidated
because he was calm doesn't show that
they weren't trying to intimidate it
just shows him that he shows us that
Senator Graham is a much calmer person
than I am so so what he's saying for
people who are missing it is that
Senator Graham Bob Graham Democrat from
Florida he was pushing for the
declassification of twenty eight pages
of the 9/11 Commission report the Obama
administration doesn't want to
declassify that stuff so they took a
sitting u.s. senator and they brought
him into a small room at the airport the
FBI did to try and pressure him into
stopping all of this right there memory
hauling things they don't want and then
they'll deny it ever happened it never
happened right this is more of this more
delusional denial of reality Sidney
Blumenthal who's a the in a former aide
to Hillary Clinton
he's a hatchet man for Hillary Clinton
Sidney Blumenthal is really one of the
more egregious people on planet earth
really a bad guy and and he's the one
who's been sort of a foreign policy
adviser for Hillary Clinton all
throughout her time as Secretary of
State was sending her secret emails that
were uncovered when all of her emails
came out he was asked whether he was
interviewed by the FBI by Chris Matthews
or M as a stay and Sidney Blumenthal he
won't even answer whether he's been
interviewed by the FBI they ask you
about the Clintons right now and I guess
the first question is have you been
interviewed by the FBI for this email
investigation by the FBI have you been
interviewed well thank you Chris
my feeling about this is that I'm as
eager as anybody for this to be resolved
and what I would like
for this - is is for this to be
completely transparent and for the
Department of Justice to finally issue
its report I have been urging
transparency I urge that my deposition
before the Benghazi committee be made
public the second I walked out I wanted
it to be a public hearing and not a
private one so I'm in favor of complete
transparency in this process and a very
quick resolution so that we can see that
in my view I think what's your review
have you been but if you said if you've
been interviewed by the FBI yet on this
matter
well um you know I really don't want to
talk about an ongoing in theory right
now and there it is you can't say
whether you've been interviewed or not
well I well my feeling about it is that
let's wait and see at the end and see
what happens to everybody involved in it
and see what the resolution is and then
I would like to see the Department of
Justice issue a very transparent report
and even Christmas dinner
where they min ago he said transparent
that's your basic class you know you're
saying what are you talking about
even I brush my hair of the shoe every
morning even I know that that's not
transparent use anyone transparent but
when just come out right now just tell
me the answer I don't understand Michael
Isikoff let's say you so again the left
is is gaslighting us on foreign policy -
and the latest element of gaslighting
the latest trolling element from left
President Obama is set to visit
Hiroshima Japan right the place we
dropped the atomic bomb entering the
world that that ended World War two and
Ben Rhodes who is the Spin Master for
the Obama administration the guy we
talked about earlier this week the guy
who writes fiction for the Obama
administration he wrote a piece for
medium.com and he says that he wants to
he wants to explain why it is that Obama
is going there he says the president
will visit the Hiroshima Peace Memorial
Park a site at the center of the city
dedicated to the victims of the atomic
bombing where he will share his
reflections on the significance of the
site and the events that occurred there
he will not revisit the decision to use
the atomic bomb at the end of World War
two instead he will offer a
forward-looking vision focused on our
shared future
and then he says about World War two he
says their cause was just we owe them a
tremendous debt of gratitude which the
president will again commemorate shortly
after the visit on Memorial Day the
visit will offer an opportunity to honor
the memory of all innocents who are lost
during the war and then he says that he
was going to pursue the long-standing
commitment to peace and security of a
world without nuclear weapons so why is
he visiting Hiroshima again this is gas
lighting this is this is denial of
reality
why is he visiting her why is he
visiting the peace park he's not
visiting the peace park to talk about
how great it was that we dropped the
bomb on Hiroshima is he he's not going
there to mention the fact that we
probably saved a million US lives that
would have been spent in invading the
island of Japan if we had not dropped
the atomic bomb on Japan right he's not
gonna he's not gonna do that
otherwise he wouldn't be visiting the
whole point of visiting the park this is
like the German Chancellor visiting
yacht Avraham a Holocaust Memorial and
then saying oh well I'm not here to talk
about the Holocaust or anything I just
think that human rights are good right
the fact is that there's no comparison
there in the sense that we were morally
right to drop the atomic bomb and the
Holocaust is morally unjustifiable by
any standard but the idea is that the
reason Obama is visiting is the same
reason a German Chancellor would visit a
Holocaust Memorial is because Obama
thinks the dropping of the atomic bomb
was a bad thing
he thinks the dropping of the atomic
bomb was a bad thing but he's lying to
us so he's Obama is now losing Wars
retro actively so he's already lost us
the he's already lost us the Gulf War is
retro actively by pulling out all troops
from Iraq he's lost us the Korean War
retro actively by handing all sorts of
power to Kim jong-un
he's losing the he's lost the Cold War
retro actively by allowing Vladimir
Putin to do what he wants and now he's
gonna lose world war ii retro actively
by pretending that what we did in japan
was morally unjustifiable so here's what
the result of all this is there's all
big builds up ok here's what the result
of this is if you deny reality for years
on end about basic things like the
differences between men and women if you
deny reality about foreign policy and
you suggest that everything America has
ever done is bad and you go and you pay
homage to a site that is is supposed to
be a referendum on how nasty the United
States was for dropping the atomic bomb
or if you cut things out of State
Department briefings to Gaslight us what
you end up with is tremendous
frustration you end up with tremendous
frustration
and what you look for is somebody who
tells it like it is and you look for
somebody who doesn't care what people
think and you look for somebody who's
willing to say crazy things and you and
you put aside crazy cuz quit we're now
in the realm of crazy we've now entered
crazy land there are no sane people in
crazy land right now that we've entered
this place where everybody is
everybody's nuts everybody lies you
don't care if you're a guy lies so long
as he's not telling you lies that are
that are such obvious stupidities that
it makes you sick to your stomach right
when Trump tells lies when he says
things that are not true it's always a
grain of truth surrounded by a lie
Donald Trump's when he says that he
wants to end all Muslim immigration to
the United States I think that's bad
policy but the underlying grain of truth
is that Muslim immigration to the United
States mass Muslim immigration from
countries we don't know is a major
problem for national security right some
people can look at him and they can say
okay well he might be crazy but he's not
you're crazy right he might be crazy but
you made us crazy I mean you're saying
that Islam is not even a threat at all
radical Islam is not a threat at all
when Donald Trump says yeah fine I'll
nuke Europe yeah screw it I'll just I'll
do what I want on the Europe over on the
bomb like anybody I'll nuke anybody at
any time that's a direct response to the
left saying it is bad to use nuclear
weapons even when you must use nuclear
weapons to save millions of lives right
when Donald Trump says things about
women that are nasty and people on the
Left proclaim that's bad people who
support Trump they say well listen you
don't your guys don't get to defend
women you're the ones who are saying
that transgender men get to go into
women's bathrooms when you enter the
realm of dishonesty once once honesty is
no longer an element of American
politics you can't be surprised when the
result is dishonesty on all sides once
the and the left has ripped away honesty
they've ripped away the basic terms of
the debate we no longer discuss these
things anymore when words no longer have
meaning you just look for the guy who
says the words you like even if he's
lying to you if words no longer have any
meaning then this is you know this is
good dating advice ladies don't think
that all men are bad all men are not bad
when I say men are pigs what I mean is
that men have the capacity to be pigs
all men are sexual beings who want to
have sex as much as possible with as
many different women as possible this is
just the mail drive but that does not
mean all men are pigs the reason that
I'm that I don't say and I don't believe
that all men are pigs
because what that leaves women to is
okay well fall men lie to me that I
might as well pick the guy who tells me
the prettiest lies and the guys tell you
the prettiest lies are typically the
ones you don't want to bring home to
mother because they'll tell you all
sorts of lies about how they're gonna
drop their cocaine habit and how they're
gonna leave their their wives for their
mistresses and all this stuff the person
who you want is the person who actually
tells you the truth we still should be
in pursuit of truth but the left has
made the pursuit of truth secondary to
their own narrative if we all make the
pursuit of truth secondary to our own
narrative which is what's happened with
Trump if we all do that we end up in a
world where no one is trustworthy or
everyone lies and the only question is
who wields the power to define reality
for you now for me I don't think
politicians should define reality for me
I don't think a political movement
should define reality for me to me
reality is reality and if I sense
evidence that something is not true I'll
change my opinion on it but again what
the left has done is they've driven us
all mad they've driven us all mad by
saying that words have no meaning basic
things like male and female have no
meanings basic things like right and
wrong they have no meanings and so the
answer is okay well if these things have
no meanings and I'll just pick the most
vulgar terrible person I can find who
says things that I like to hear and for
a lot of people that's Donald Trump who
tells them that he's gonna bring their
jobs back by magically punishing people
and who suggests that he's gonna protect
them through the power of his persona he
says the things that they want to hear
and he's big and he's strong and he says
things like that so that's that's why I
think all of this leads to a politics
that is totally broken and the left has
broken our politics we at least used to
be able to debate these things now if I
say men and you say and I say women I
don't even know if the person I'm
talking to knows what I'm saying anymore
it's like we're speaking different
languages because we have different
realities mine is actual reality there's
a fiction of their own creation both on
foreign policy and on domestic policy
which includes social policy okay
meanwhile and the consolidation
continues to pace behind Donald Trump on
the Republican side of the aisle people
who I heretofore respected and thought
were good at their jobs Rick Perry for
one he's now saying we have to respect
Donald Trump's win here's what the
governor of Texas had as a former
governor of Texas had to say we agree on
a whole lot more than we disagree on I
mean if you want to split hairs if you
want to get your panties in a wad over
this issue or that one that that's fine
but the
point is Donald Trump is going to be our
nominee he's earned it and we need to
respect that okay so he's earned it and
we need to respect that okay I can
understand that he's won the nomination
but I don't have to respect the decision
of the voters I keep hearing this
respect the decision of the voters as I
am drew Clavin said on his show
yesterday but what if they do stupid
things right voters picked Obama twice
that didn't mean I respected their
decision he was still my president I had
respect his authority
I'll respect Trump's authority but I
won't respect his positions and I won't
pretend that I stand for them because I
don't but this is always the the go-to
response for a lot of Trumpkin is is
never it's never no Donald Trump
actually somebody you can trust because
it's hard to defend Trump on the merits
it's always well he won he won so what I
don't care like what does that mean to
me didn't win the presidency the
Republican nomination does not come with
authoritative attaches to the Republican
nomination it's just your opportunity to
run for the presidency if you think that
authority attaches to the Republican
nomination ask yourself from 2012 to
2016 what kind of authority admit Romney
wield and no authority attaches to the
Republican nomination but you know this
is this is the new line is that you have
to back Trump because he won and what's
happening now is that there's a false
narrative being constructed and we'll
talk about false narratives in reality a
false narrative is being constructed and
that is that everyone opposes Trump for
the same reason and the same reason is
that we're all establishment anybody
who's watched this show or listened for
more than five minutes knows I despise
the establishment I've spent this entire
this entire election cycle railing
against the establishment and the fact
that now so many establishment figures
like Mitch McConnell like John Boehner
are backing Donald Trump right but
there's a conflation that's happening
now that said to suggest that I oppose
Donald Trump for the same reason Jeb
Bush opposes Donald Trump and when P and
when Trump slams Jeb by the way for not
supporting him I even resonate to this
and I agree with Jeb that we ought not
support Donald Trump here's Donald Trump
slobbing slamming Jeb Bush and Lindsey
Graham you look at the Republican
primary votes millions and millions of
people came in that nobody expected
and they voted for me so what are you
tell them that eating
I'm gonna say look this is what the
people want Jeb Bush just said he's not
gonna vote for you
well I understand Jeb Bush I was rough
with Jeb Bush and I think about was Jeb
Bush I would vote for me either if you
want to know the truth George okay if I
were Jeb Bush I wouldn't vote for me
either but I don't need his vote and
there's this sort of feeling from Trump
like okay well you know I beat him up
and he lost and so now he's whining
about it and again you see him go to
that same argument you have to respect
me because I won okay
there's it there's a very good book for
kids called once and future king it's
not really for kids it's really for
teenagers the once and future king by th
way probably the best fantasy book ever
written much better than Lord of the
Rings and it's about Lancelot and
Guinevere and Arthur and one of the
things in it is this roaming theme might
does not make right Mike does not make
right okay the idea that you want
doesn't mean that you were right and
Trump is is is is evidently somebody who
thinks that might makes right but here's
the thing so Trump slams bush and he
says you know Bush isn't backing me and
I sort of get why and the implication a
little bit is he's not backing me
because he's establishment this is what
all these people say now here is Ron
Paul taking a second group of people
people who won't back Trump on principle
because he's not conservative and here's
Ron Paul conflating them with the
establishment Ron polisseni and Paul who
raised his name right now I mean you
think Christo and Romney and put them
together and think well you know this is
exactly what the complaint is these
people have been losing and I think this
dream of having a third party yeah yeah
a candidacy I think is building a dream
I can't believe this would come about
and Romney already said that he wasn't
that much interested but I think what
the neocons will do the bill crystals of
the world and you hear already they're
going to go with they're gonna go with
Hillary Hillary is a Wall Street person
and she's a neocon and she wants to
spend money in the military so a lot of
them will go there they're not going to
get Rahm did you run so I think it will
shift a lot of people over to Hillary
because I've always argued that Hillary
would possibly have run as a Republican
with some of her positions okay so
here's a saying that that people like me
people like Bill Kristol presumably and
I'm more conservative in crystallis and
I'm not as much of a of an
interventionist in foreign policy the
real reason we don't support Trump is
because in the end we're gonna go to
Hillary I have said repeatedly I will
never vote for Hillary ever ever ever
ever she's morally on
edible on every level I also will not
vote for Trump for the same reason be
careful when you're examining this race
not to conflate a false reality
presented by the Trump conds with the
real reality which is that there are
many different reasons not to support
Donald Trump I'm not on the side of the
establishment when I don't support
Donald Trump I'm on the side of me okay
you can slap whatever label you want to
on me I am me I'm not supporting Trump
because I think he's not conservative
and because I think he's unfit for the
presidency okay time for some things I
like and then some things that I hate
okay things that I like so people tend
to say that I pick older movies for the
movies that I like here's a this is
still an older movie now because it's
amazing how fast time moves but there
was a time in my life where this was a
new movie The Truman Show which is a
trip really a very very good movie with
a terrific ending I'm not a huge Jim
Carrey fan but Jim Carrey is good in
this film it's a brilliant script really
well-written ed Harris is terrific in
the film this is for people who haven't
seen this I think it's available on
Netflix now and you can watch it for
free on Netflix and Amazon Prime a
really good movie here's what the
trailer looked like comments are still
hidden coming to you now from the
largest studio ever constructed
good morning oh and in case I don't see
you good afternoon good evening and good
night no scripts no cute guys what if
you were watched every moment of your
life how many cameras you got there in
that town all right I believe Truman is
the first child to have been legally
adopted by a corporation that's correct
brilliant what if everyone you knew was
pretending you're safe that's amazing it
was make-believe Q the same while the
world he inhabits is counterfeit to talk
to you that's how I look fine you're
tight there's nothing fake about Truman
himself strange things happening stand
by ring can see looking at houses do you
think he knows
I think I'm mixed up in something
something big so it is a really really
good super clever and it's about the
nature of reality so it's these kind of
fits in the theme of the show okay
things that I hate so there's a there's
an operetta that those are my Gilbert
and Sullivan called The Mikado and The
Mikado is a is a in operetta we don't
have to put up the water because it's
hard to read there but it's from
lamplighters music theater in San
Francisco and they they've announced
that they are no longer it's it's about
Japan they've announced that they are no
longer going to play this as a Japanese
play instead here's what they said they
said we have seen the controversy
intensify in 2014 the Seattle Gilbert
and Sullivan society saw widespread
protests against their yellow-faced
production last year New York's Gilbert
and Sullivan players felt obliged to
cancel their production of The Mikado
because of public outcry the
lamplighters have of course been aware
of all this although traditionally said
in Japan The Mikado is not actually
about Japan and we feel there are many
ways to perform the production
respectfully while keeping all of the
original humor and brilliance our
original plan was to set this year's
Mikado in the late 19th century Meiji
period the time when it was written at a
time of international cross-cultural
exchange we've tried to reach out to
various Japanese and Asian bay area
organizations in the hopes of
encouraging discussion and collaboration
instead people protested this risks the
survival of our company so instead we're
going to use Renaissance Italy the
backdrop for many of Shakespeare's
greatest works
people have been outraged some have been
relieved there are people who feel like
they have been that they have
capitulated we live in a diverse world
the lamplighters have made the decision
to lead the way to ensure the continued
viability of The Mikado in today's
cultural environment this is what they
wrote so they took a play that was
written not by Japanese people about
Japan and they decided to reset it in
Renaissance Italy which makes no sense
because The Mikado doesn't exist in
Renaissance Italy and they decided to do
this because there were all these Asian
groups that were ticked about it okay
The Mikado is not a piece of work that's
designed to make fun of Japanese people
any more than Rodgers and Hammerstein
they did they did a musical about
japanese-americans right in both in
these other merrin Japanese they did a
musical about Japanese immigrants to the
United States and it's um it's a pretty
good musical and it's a and it's it's
like saying well they can't write that
because they're not Japanese
so Rodgers and Hammerstein we have to
get rid of that because they're not
Japanese and it's cultural appropriation
that's what this always comes down to
and it's just it's just ridiculous and
it's just dumb it's called Flower Drum
Song by the way is the name of the
musical um here's the thing the same
people the same exact people celebrating
Hamilton on Broadway for being an all
minority production of a bunch of things
white people did right what Europeans
did those are the same people saying if
white people do a production about Japan
and they dress up as Japanese people
that's racist it's cultural
appropriation and it's terrible so in
other words the only cultural it's a
culture it's okay to appropriate is
white European culture or culture
created by white Europeans that's the
only culture it's okay to appropriate
you can take that and you can even take
Hamilton is no longer a white guy now
he's now he's a mixed-race Puerto Rican
guy I think and then vary in Aaron Burr
as a black guy we can just do that and
that's okay again I don't really care
that much about it except that I don't
like the idea that the only way to teach
people of different races about your
culture is to make the people of your
race a different race
that's culturally divisive but the idea
here is that if you set a play anywhere
that is not your home I can only write
about Jewish people Lindsay can only
write about white people
mathis can only write about people with
hair like James Dean that's all we can
do right all we can do is we can just
write about people who look like us or
who act like us you might as well forget
culture you may as well forget the
conversation everything left us is
designed to end conversation all of it
it's designed to end conversation
between people we can't identify with
other people's feelings there's no
universality to art there's no
universality to language there's no
universality to terms women and men we
can't explain the difference between
them so that goes away
there's no universality to any of that
all this creates is simultaneously the
notion that all human beings are
basically the same underneath but we
can't talk to each other so what does it
matter right we're all were all the same
underneath Lindsay and I are exactly the
same in every respect except she
identifies as a woman and identifies a
man otherwise we're totally the same but
we still can't talk to each other
because our definitions of women and men
may not be the same also she's Christian
and I'm Jewish and so I can't understand
Christians and Christians can't
understand Jews so we can't get along
this is the idea so what is the
government there to do the government is
there to make sure that we get along
right this is where it all ties into the
left the government is there to make
sure that this vast broiling pot of
humanity we're all the same underneath
but we can't communicate with each other
the only way we can communicate with
each other is government because it's
the only thing we all have in common
it's the only thing as Barack Obama said
in 2012 it's the only thing we all share
is the government we don't share a
language we don't share a culture all we
share in the end is our common humanity
and the government that's it and the
government is there to cram down a
common culture on all of us that we have
to accept a common language a common
reality that we have to accept based on
what the government wants us to accept
and always reinforces that same idea
that we can't get along with each other
without the government but underneath
we're all the same so if we could just
have a government smooshes us all
together in one big sandwich if
government is the basically government
takes us on puts us in a blender then we
can create a homogeneous mix of people
and and we'll all taste the same it'll
taste terrible but we'll all taste the
same and the government has made us all
the same so that's today's show I'm Ben
Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
