there's a decent chance neither Donald
Trump nor Ted Cruz will end the
primaries with the 1237 delegates
necessary to become the Republican
nominee on a first ballot at the party's
convention Trump however will have more
delegates going in now Trump says this
means he should win the nomination
automatically he says he has the will of
the people behind him this is nonsense
here's why in reality more people have
voted against Donald Trump and for him
in other words the will of the people is
against him that's what the 1237
delegates all about 1237 isn't some
arbitrary number it's 50% plus one
delegate of the total delegates that
will attend in other words the majority
if a candidate doesn't have the majority
he doesn't have the will of the people
there are more people against him than
for him this is why across the country
we have run off elections elections in
which three or more candidates split to
vote the leader has the most votes but
not an outright majority so we take the
top two candidates and we run an
entirely new race that's designed to
prevent voters from being
disenfranchised by throwing out their
votes for a candidate who didn't finish
in the top two so for example let's say
you voted for Marco Rubio
well according to Trump your vote should
basically be discounted it should be
thrown out according to a runoff system
you should be able to now choose between
the remaining candidates of course
presidential politics aren't the only
place where winning requires not just
more of something but an actual outright
majority take the world series in
baseball the series is comprised of
seven games the winner of the series has
to win four of the seven a majority
let's say team a wins the first four
games in a row boom that's it it's a
sweep no more games required but if team
a only wins three of the first games and
then loses the fourth well nobody's won
the series yet they have to keep playing
until somebody gets that fourth win
might take one more game might take
three but until one team wins an actual
majority it does not matter who is ahead
so if Donald Trump gets to 1237 by
winning in elections that's it no more
games required but if he doesn't and he
likely won't at this point he hasn't won
the nomination he's ahead but he hasn't
won he doesn't have the will of the
people he has to keep playing until he
does but how do you keep playing when
every state has already voted well
that's what the conventions for
the states are represented by their
delegates the candidates will have to
keep working those delegates until one
of them actually wins the majority isn't
there a better way to do this well maybe
but frump can't change the rules in the
middle of the game
neither can Cruz that would be called
cheating by the way these have been the
rules for at least 150 years going all
the way back to the earliest Republican
conventions in fact the 1860 contest
looked a lot like this one there was a
front-runner a candidate who had the
most votes going in but he like Donald
Trump did not have a majority he didn't
have the will of the people so he had to
keep playing he didn't play hard enough
or smart enough he will end up losing
the nomination to a candidate who
started from behind but kept working
like Ted Cruz is trying to do until he
won the majority that come back hands in
it his name was Abraham Lincoln Trump
this guy who claims to be better at
making deals than anyone he has vastly
more money to spend then any other
candidate he does have a better chance
than any one of getting to the majority
but he isn't there yet the majority is
still against him he does not have the
will of the people
