that's my other problem with this drag
queen stuff I don't know why haven't
feminists spoken up about this these
guys are making a mockery of femininity
they're appropriating femininity and
making it into a joke a spectacle how in
the world can you say that it's
inappropriate for a white woman to wear
like a Native American headdress but
it's perfectly fine for this guy to
dress like a female character from some
weird Tim Burton film and call himself
Lahore and then portray womanhood that
way how is the one appropriating
reductive and exploitative but the other
isn't I mean this fella when he dresses
that way what he's saying is this is how
I see women he calls himself Lahore he
dresses in the ridiculous outfit and
he's saying this is to me this is what a
woman is that's offensive I mean you
should be offended by that I don't want
my daughter to see that because I don't
want my daughter to think that's what a
woman is he's making a mockery of
womanhood and he's using it as a gimmick
I mean think about that he's dressing up
as a woman and calling himself a whore
what how are the feminists not all over
that how is that any different from from
a you know a guy dressing up in a
ridiculous Native American costume and
calling himself you know some some slur
for Native Americans I mean what if a
guy for Halloween dressed up an American
costume and painted his face red well we
would say well that's terribly offensive
to Native so so how is that how is it a
this is exactly the same thing
