who do you think is the favorite to win
the Democratic nomination in addition
who are some people you think Trump
would beat handily in election who are
some people you think he would struggle
to beat
thanks and love the show okay so in the
category of people he would be handily
Cory Booker he would mess up Cory Booker
right far takus would go down harder
than a journalist at the hands of Greg
Ginn Forte's the president would say
Cory Booker is mechanical and awful he
is awful at his job he is he posed as a
moderate and he actually is a radical
leftist and he like Hillary Clinton he's
actually like a bad version of a robot
he's not even like a good like t1000
from terminator
he's like the early version that spaz
down a lot and kind of broke down on the
battlefield he's he's more like gizmo
from some of those old series he's he's
not you kid you can see every gear
turning for Cory Booker a man who is
very bad at jobs her Trump would finish
him because Booker is the most
inauthentic candidate since Hillary
Clinton just terrible candidate I think
that Trump would also whomp somebody
like Eric Garcetti the LA mayor who
pretends to be cool but is actually just
a dork so I think Trump would would
destroy him pretty quickly I think that
the most dangerous candidate for him
would have been Elizabeth Warren if she
didn't implode because like frankly I
thought she was a lot smarter
politically than she is and I was
shocked to watch her set herself on fire
sending smoke signals to the rest of the
world that she didn't know what she was
doing and she just sat there and said
her TP on fire and I didn't understand
why she would do that but she's kind of
taken herself out of the smart candidate
circle I would say right now of the top
Democratic contenders the most dangerous
is still Biden because it's hard to
destroy a guy who's been in the public
eye that long you know when one of the
benefits that Trump has is that
everybody has an opinion on him which
means that nothing that you say about
him changes anybody's mind if you say
that Donald Trump is bad with women
everybody goes right we know yep okay
and if you say Donald Trump says things
sometimes that are really bad no more
like well yep we've been here we know
and if you say that Donald Trump shot a
man on Fifth Avenue we'd all be like
well kind of probably okay right here
really is right that was the truest
thing Trump ever said the in high name
recognition and a history of skeletons
in your closet means that it's very
difficult to actually destroy somebody
politically if they've dealt with the
skeletons and there
they're obvious about it so Joe Biden
has been out there for a long time
there's not a lot out there that isn't
known about Joe Biden that makes him
dangerous also he does have blue-collar
appeal in a lot of the states that Trump
won places like Ohio and Michigan and
Wisconsin and Pennsylvania that is sort
of Biden territory democratically
speaking so Biden would be a dangerous
candidate so when Trump says he wants
Biden I don't think that's right
Kamala Harris I have yet to see so
Kamala she is much better at this
routine than Cory Booker is she also
happens to be somebody her downside is
that she has this kind of absolutely
clean clean as the driven snow image in
a lot of the public mind that she's just
a prosecutor a hard-nosed prosecutor
asking the tough questions I think when
people start digging into clean
characters in politics they don't stay
clean for long and President Trump is a
master of throwing dirt on people's
homes he's just great at it so I think
he would fare okay against Kamala Harris
