well is he mean it seems like a soft
form of the argument that you hear most
people make about why they became it
religious in the first place
which is not that they stopped believing
in God but because people suck so what
they'll say is that they'll say I
stopped being religious because I saw
all these religious people who are
acting like jerks as well that's not a
referendum on god that's a referendum on
human being sucking this is a this is
this goes back to another Kingdom which
is the thing that I realized as I was
looking back on it now all I was doing
it
looking back on this the reason we can't
write a Christian good Christian novel
is that people believe up not down you
don't explain to them Aquinas said this
and then they say ha now I see there
must be a God and therefore I will
believe they get to God they climb to
God on the ladder of being you know and
that ladder the first step of that
ladder is that life is good not your
life not my life but life itself
when when Hamlet says to be or not to be
that is the question that is the
question once you decide in favor of
being then you start to say that life is
good and just like you were saying
before that their sentence makes no
sense we must work to get better the
sentence that life is good and makes no
sense unless you have at the top of that
ladder an actual referendum on meaning
and morality which turns out to be God
