welcome to the daily wire backstage I
like to not the one and only daily wire
backstage there are other back stages
there may even be better
but not generally none of them are the I
am Jeremy boring known around these
parts as the god-king lower case G lower
case k and your prayers have been heard
your meager offerings of a $9.99 a month
have been received and so here we are we
will be taking questions from you
throughout the broadcast talking about
things that are of import to us I'm
joined of course by our cast of daily
wire characters Andrew Clavin Benjamin
Shapiro and Elizabeth Warren Michael
what are you drinking that's your own
drink this is my own drink I blew the I
think I blew the joke no no you're
talking about that my own drink that I
just made it oh this drink well I call
it the Elizabeth Warren it's one part
water and 1023 parts scotch so you know
it's mostly water I think and I get a
redo can we redo that one so our office
tellers day I'm leaving the joint we
have Alicia Krause who will be taking
questions from those who give us their
offerings I gotta say Jenni what I can
try but that's a really tough ask of me
to try to class up you guys the
subscribers can help me out by
submitting there's questions how do you
do that you may wonder you can log into
daily where calm and head over to the
daily wire backstage page to watch this
live stream and just type those
questions that you have for the guys
into that daily wired chat box to have
it read and answered by moi on the air
who's moi me me doesn't it I don't know
merica also be sure to tune in on
election night that's on November 6th
and we'll be bringing you this exact
same assortment of people riveting Andra
for some reason
we feel that the content will be
superior to get our instant analysis of
what it all means election night and you
might just be lucky enough to see Ben
smoke a celebratory cigar if the
Republicans keep both the House and the
Senate
emphasis on the might it's alright don't
check my body can't care
that's not a thing also if you want to
see us live and in person and who
wouldn't you can come down to me poletik
on my shore even i want to politicans
going on here in los angeles this
weekend all the daily wire guys plus the
alicia will be speaking over the weekend
if you're in town be sure to go on by
politico.com pick up some tickets you
can use the promo code DW and you know
what you get for it nothing absolutely
true there is a promo code they get no
discount but we get credit for having
pointed you that way and you know what
we get poorly conceived but we would
love to see you there it's gonna be a
great panel and we'll be taking
questions from the audience and i
promise it will be the most peculiar
panel ethel it akan if you aren't able
to make it in town if you're not here
local be sure to tune in our subscribers
will get exclusive access to video from
our panel on monday and then sometime
after that we'll make it available to
everyone else but we like to prefer the
people who give us their sweet sweet
money yeah it's a funny thing about our
business which is that it's some
for-profit for-profit business head on
over to the daily wired.com click
subscribe you can become a subscriber
you will have our appreciation and
that's all they put on the teleprompter
after every episode when Jeremy
approaches me and says I'm gonna do so
much better next it's good have hope
yeah exactly
it's a things you can't make up the new
cycle so anything like what do you even
talk about on this show it's not for
want of material that's it there's how
do you filter it all out but I feel that
for the purposes of this show which is
not a topical new show it's a
conversation in which we try to
each other laugh or make each other
think usually it's yeah yeah I think
that there's a fun intersection of two
stories that happened this week that
provide I was gonna say fertile ground
but I think happy happy hunting ground
might be the better might be the better
use of language and that is the story of
horse face and the story of Pocahontas
okay the intersection of these two
things we have the greatest moment in
the history of American politics true I
I have to say I know this doesn't fit
well with the daily wire ethos but ever
since Cavanaugh was confirmed I have
been a state of political bliss I have
just the benefit you know because at
every moment at every moment in history
there's something to dread every moment
but there's not always so much great
stuff to celebrate right and so what I
see in this this intersection is I see
this wonderful transformation with
Elizabeth Warren with Foca Honda's that
identity politics is actually on the run
and it's actually on the run because
Trump is driven the left so crazy that
they don't know what to throw at him
next it's like you know I'm an Indian I
don't know well throw anything even
there's a woman take a woman by God and
they look insane and on the other hand
you have Donald Trump who is he does
have that kind of genius it has now
occurred to me in forcing the press to
cover what he wants them to cover so you
sit there and you go like how can we
have a president who slept with a
pornstar and that was calling her
horseface on Twitter on the other hand
now the press not have a what we do up
to now without a president
I mean imagine how great Lincoln could
have good a bit only but but you does
force the press the press now has to say
he's called her that after he won a
court case yeah
and they wouldn't do it they would be
angry because I mean I've been calling
I'm always angry but this one I'm
actually angry about I really was
desperate to get the White House to
write Elizabeth Warren a 900,000
twenty-fourth million dollars because
that is what her Native American ISM is
worth apparently because she was willing
to capitalize on it but now she wanted
him to give a million dollars based on
her being native Amer
in which he obviously is not you know
again it's not that I'm loath to credit
President Trump with this stuff I just
wonder if the identity politics movement
was ready to eat its own and you're
right the president from can he has a
unique capacity like iron filings to a
magnet to draw or to flies to to the to
the zapper to draw the media to him and
so him just saying Pocahontas over and
over and over made Elizabeth Warren mad
which is kind of an astonishing thing
because Elizabeth Warren is not stupid I
mean I know Elizabeth Warren she's a
professor at the law school I attended
called Harvard and she what you want to
harm yeah it's amazing right so she she
was you know a pretty good professor
apparently I didn't I actually did a
mock class with her when I went and
visited and she was very famous for her
use of Socratic methods in the classroom
and she was always very lively and so
she's pretty well-liked around campus
she's very much left even at the time
the first time I met her it was she
ripped on Rush Limbaugh we were at the
top of the W Hotel in down to in
Westwood
I mean drops can we get him she was
trying to recruit everybody who's at
this dinner and she walks up to me and
she knew that I'd written a book at that
point and so she walked up and said oh
so you're a right winger and I said yeah
and she said well do you know you're one
of those Rush Limbaugh people I said if
you ever listen to Rush Limbaugh and she
said no of course not right and I said
well then you don't know what you're
talking about do you
and so you know always making friends
and so she was like that always but she
was not stupid and this was just
insanely stupid that's the part that was
bewildering about it is the it was the
only bewildering if you don't understand
a point that Jeremy made online right
which is that she was counting on the
media to cover for her no matter what in
it and they did and they did and they
did I mean they ran with the headline
and she was actually Native American
based on the idea that one relative ten
generations ago maybe was Native
American
Rachel Dolezal is undoubtedly
significantly more black when
genetically and Elizabeth Warren is that
they ran with it they defended her and
then they dropped it and the reason they
dropped it is because of wash began with
all these little voices everywhere it
was that the President had written the
check for $907
you need the image because you need the
image and you and also because one of
the reasons that the media was able to
run with the story as a success run with
it as a victory for Elizabeth Warren
because they know that people don't
really understand numbers and so if you
know one in 1024 is obvious to people
who understand math that that's a very
very tiny fraction but by giving the
check for 960 some dollars saying you
know 900 bucks is to 1 million what
Elizabeth Warren yes America is my
favorite tweet next to yours cuz you're
the god king of course but on the merits
my favorite weed was from Matt's idea
shop who put out one 1020 forth of the
movie Pocahontas which was have you ever
heard that one at daily wire the
election one uh well the election one
fantastic Elizabeth Warren won over
twenty 22 by it I don't really buy our
merch I try to steal with him wardrobe
I'm gonna have to buy them yeah that was
pretty solid also I did I really asked
for a specific meme from our from our
social media folks but I ran in I was
late for the show and everybody's trying
to get me into the studio and I
literally ran down the hall the other
way with them screaming at me so I could
go to the social media room and tell
them that they needed to make a meme
with the Lone Ranger as Trump and Tonto
is Elizabeth Warren and and stormy
Daniels five days after Kanye West was
in the Oval Office you think that it
can't get more ridiculous fortunately
you'd be wrong somebody's let me tweeted
me
isn't there a time when this bit when
this becomes unfunny I said that time is
not now
if you're 20 if you're 20 and you don't
find this funny it's because you have no
heart if you're 40 and you don't find
this funny it's because you have no
brain I mean you have a well-known
Harvard Law School professor and popular
senator progressive who just destroyed
herself like a dying star in order to
win identity politics you know Wheel of
Fortune what did you tell us before the
midterms - yep going in yeah that's
right so mu yeah one of the widest women
in American politics chose to identify
herself as an aggrieved minority
when intersectionality points in an
election shit doesn't happen for two
years and this is the one of the things
that I've realized that's gonna make the
primaries so delightful with the
Democrats over the next 24 months is
that they think already every single one
of them avenatti Elizabeth Warren Kamala
Harris they all think that they're
already running against Donald Trump but
they actually still have to face one
another no they're yeah that is and so
Elizabeth Warren can think well there's
the media will cover for me with
Republicans with this outlandish claim a
bin you're the one who pointed out yeah
but the other people who want to be
nominated won't wreck Amaris will get on
stage with her and she will say how dare
you how dare you seize upon minority
honest in or how exactly my tears of
rage
I'll be honest at this point I'm totally
reading for entertainment value because
I desperately want Michael avenatti to
actually do the nominate all did you see
that video of him talking about stormy
Daniels okay
yeah if you want to know what the video
is about you gotta wait this first we
have to talk about our good friends over
it no we do indeed so if you'd like to
dress like James Bond if you'd like to
be somebody better-looking than you are
well then you are you think that you can
buy an off-the-rack suit because you're
just one of those people it fits well it
doesn't you look like a schlong but
instead what you need to do is you need
to go over to Indo Chino calm and you
need to check them out because they are
making you customized suits that are
perfectly fitted to you you can do it
online and in don't cheat or comments
you're picking your lapels and the
stitching and you're picking the
interior and you're picking the monogram
the whole thing it really does feel like
you went into James Bond's tailor and
sit on civil row saveloy you're here
from Britain Tomy
cellar okay fine some creepy spooky
spooks exactly exactly and it really is
nice stuff you either go into one of
their shops in someplace like Santa
Monica I've been to their shop and it
really is a lot of fun or you can go
online take your measurements and then
they will send you the suit in the mail
and if it doesn't fit they will fix it
for you this week my listeners can get
any premium Indo chinos who for just 359
bucks at Indo chinos calm when you enter
a backstage at checkout that's 50% off
the regular price for a made-to-measure
premium suit plus shipping is free
that's Indo Chino calm again promo code
backstage for any premium suit just 359
bucks plus free shipping they're also
doing casual clothing now as well
you're made-to-measure chinos will
quickly become your go-to pant so you
can pair that with a suit jacket so
they're expanding just beyond the suits
too so obviously they're doing something
right go check them out right now at
Indo Chino calm and Indo chinos by the
way the chinos are actually coming in an
introductory price of 79 bucks so not
expensive for any of this stuff get all
of these deals by using promo code
backstage at checkout that's 50% off the
regular price for the made-to-measure
premium suit 359 bucks or Indo chinos at
79 bucks all by going to endo Chino
compro miqo'te backstage when I was not
like a little con you actually that's
something I was a kid I actually thought
that the definition of rich the word
rich was that one day you could have
custom tailored clothing and people
would drive you to places that you want
to go you'd have a driver and now every
person with an app in their pocket has a
car will come pick you up and take you
one where you want to go and with Indo
Chino you can also get the custom
clothing just like their well realizing
people in the history of man ok so all
this prompted me Jeremy was asking me
earlier today like so what should we
talk about so we were talking to talk
about all of the the identity politics
and and the insanity of my CollabNet
first of all if our guys are in the back
and you have time go pull the Michael
avenatti
video just because it is spectacular I
showed it I showed it yeah I showed this
in this sure earlier and it was it is
legitimately one of the great videos in
the history of the man really okay
that's so good it's so good to guys you
can hear me in the back go get it right
now the avenatti video you know the
other thing I know they won't let him go
it's just like trumpets just electrons
right one the media created and they
won't let him go and then they're gonna
be surprised when he starts winning
primary you're not gonna be fantastic
Clavin are you you know what I don't
even care I know I agree I admit I'm
right to stand on a stage with avenatti
stakes and avenatti
no one has fought Donald Trump harder
than I have a try harder and longer I
put back in the table there's only one
Donald Trump please God
well that's better I have to say the
there's been so much great punch the
line material this week Donald Trump
sitting across from Kanye then watching
the slow pan to Donald from space as he
watched Kanye it was as though Donald
Trump had suddenly realized what it's
like for the rest of us to watch Donald
Trump it was like it was exhausting it's
like it came Jeb Bush what and you can
just see that the Curb Your Enthusiasm
music playing in the background as Kanye
West railed on about hydrogen powered
airplanes when Trump was like I don't
even know why I'm here but I'm not the
rest person here more than those
charismatic person here and slightly
fascinated but also repeal bill clinton
took over Barack Obama's press car what
Jeremy was saying is what should we talk
about so I said you know what let's do
some culture stuff okay so Jeremy would
you like to introduce the question the
question of the day and I mean now
you're my meat puppet so I'm actually
just forcing you to the question of the
day brought to you by indogene oh the
question of the day the horse face we
have horse face and we have Elizabeth
Warren native-american Iowa yeah and so
the obvious question is what's your
favorite was a good boy maybe this this
may be my favorite what no I I love
westerns I love all mystery I mean if it
were if it were Western it would have to
be called right tiny and the horse heads
that was what I called my column this
morning you know I love westerns I mean
almost all westerns and it is really
interesting that when the westerns were
great westerns were coming out all the
critics were sitting around going you
know it's really the French film that is
brilliant and then we go back and we see
it was a few lifes have some of that
family it's it's it's got garbage I went
back to Glenn somewhere knows I'm gonna
watch these French films everybody said
was so that and then you can watch that
and I wanted to just die you go back and
watch stagecoach it's one of the most
beautifully shot at perfectly composed
films ever but but the the movie that I
think stands out for me as the West room
of westerns the Western that says what
Western said is High Noon yeah and the
reason is is it says to you in the in
the wilderness in you know the Western
is about same thing that the chivalric
stories are about it's about that moment
history when men can be men for the good
so in other words you can commit acts of
violence and aggression for the good
you're basically building the world in
which women will build the civilization
you're clearing the ground in which
women will come in and build families
and build homes and that's a wonderful
moment for men because they get to shoot
each other and kill each other and it's
you know but but you're the good sound
good fire that's all in good fun and
this is the moment when you find out why
it is because left on their own in a
wilderness people are savages except for
the guy who's not you know except for
the one guy who says I stand for this I
represent this I will walk down this
road but again I can it was a four guys
who come after him yeah I will walk
about and he is put surrounded by values
that simply will not work no matter how
good they sound in court including the
Quaker pacifism of Grace Kelly if I
would buy pacifism from anybody it would
be Grace Kelly the first truly the first
woman I ever loved Grace Kelly and she's
a pacifist and it's just about the fact
that no that's not gonna do it by the
way in Hollywood just another
restraining order there was this real
friend in Hollywood of movies and
there's another one with with Gary
Cooper I think where he plays a Quaker
friendly persuasion I don't know what it
was it the word they're like you know
what screw the Quakers just a little bit
about about High Noon not in terms of
its quality but in terms of the message
this is something Ben and I were talking
about earlier because you say that the
Western is great because it's the moment
when men are men and create the
opportunity for then women to come along
and build civilization that's also in
some ways the theme of the man who shot
Liberty valance great movie but High
Noon is kind of a rebuke of the man who
shot Liberty valance I think as the man
who shot Liberty valance very directly
makes the point you're making
we need the John Wayne's of the world to
create a world to create the
circumstances where we can have the
better angels the Jimmy Stewart's come
in right the problem is the very next
thing that happens in Jimmy Stewart's
world is High Noon takes place and we
now remember that it's not that you need
men to be men before you have
civilization you need men to be men
continuous continuously in order that
civilization that is what
because all civilization fails them and
what's wonderful about hi Nunes is
amazed by a liberal as a liberal
statement but because it's a great story
it tells a conservative story and they
just can't say I heard a Claremont
critique of High Noon because this is
Bill Clinton's favorite movie I always
thought it was their movie and the Grace
Kelly I'm telling the pretty blonde Thea
no question but he but the the critique
was that it leads to a sort of messianic
complex High Noon which is that there's
no civic virtue everybody in the town is
bad except for this one guy who is the
the guy who stands up to evil and that's
really not the way that history works
you require more than one man in any
given in any given situation in order to
truly stand up to to evil yes of course
you do but it but it is a story and it's
an allegory yes and it's an allegory and
it is the ally we were just talking
about this off stage actually before we
came in here about the fact that without
that one guy who stands for virtue
nobody stands for okay so I do want to
find out everybody else's favorite
westerns but I have to show this
avenatti Club yeah it's just you know
it's a sad day in America when the
President of the United States calls a
woman a horse-faced Donald Trump should
be ashamed of himself I don't care if
you're on the right the left or the
center no man should call a woman a
horse face especially the President of
the United States I have two daughters I
think it's a disgrace I don't care what
your persuasion is you should condemn it
as well it's wrong take on that right
like his internal monologue is going
don't laugh when you say okay take
number two okay so when did the
principal happen that this woman this
porn star who sleeps with a guy on her
own free will
whore money blackmails him he takes the
money and then doesn't agree to the deal
when did she become a hero
you know what feminism no okay yeah that
seriously that's all it is yes she
doesn't like Trump she happens to be a
woman
that's all do you think it's a
hun I instantly thought a lot of supply
like this is that no it's fine no genius
where he's a genius at the nicknames you
can't say he's not he's not a genius at
the nicknames when he uses the same
rotation of five nicknames this one was
new and excited by that said obviously
I'm not I'm not saying that it's
impossible because it's possible that he
actually would try to spell horse face
horses like the first man I think
highbrow Safari means that all work
together in the same way that's exactly
I mean if there's anybody who's the king
of solids is like a white chief speaking
of collapsing on your stuff no no yeah
you know you're picked that you picked
the best westerns I also like I was I
was saying up watched searchers the
other day and the thing with that I love
all of these movies but the Millennial
attention span has been reduced to
nothing yes to that of a fly so when I
watch it with my friends or whoever they
fall asleep within like three seconds
and I'm really into it
I'm like a product of Nick at Nite and
came out smoking a cigar but I will I
will then offer as one of the great a
great Western in its own right the
superhero movie Logan because it
translates the Western that's right into
a living form and it made that form
which is terrible much better it's true
it's also a massive cop-out but I do
like that it's a living form you know it
takes it takes this form that I love so
much and it translates it into a way
that even Millennials with the zero
attention that's just taken is basically
a Western yeah yeah that's not true he's
actually making the state
the filmmakers actually making the
statement because it it is all about
Shane and about translating Shane modern
world listen it's a gunfighter and
they're saying that Shane is a famous
famously a christ story and it's saying
this is the way we translate this story
down the ages and now we're doing it
again I wish they weren't doing it in
those stupid story we're gonna sail
right past that or Shane is a Christ
when he descends into the valley he
saves the valley and off he goes and you
know he dies it wasn't about a camel
hey come back Shane no sorry about the
book okay fine Alex lad which by the way
by the way I didn't know you recommend
the book mean it's perfect this is one
of the great American novels it really
is like 70 pages long it's so that it's
so it really is it really is true what I
love about saying though is that Alan
Ladd is really short
rags one see where he jumps off his
horse and disappears in a box but not
that scene so since the days of the
Western stamps.com stagecoach today
where there is no Pony Express what do
you have well what we do have is the
capacity to get all the great services
of the post office directly from your
desk all you have to do is log on to
stamps calm you up the post office
everybody loves the post office but you
don't necessarily love getting in your
car to go to the post office and that's
why you should be sitting at your desk
you can even weigh the packages right
before you and then you can determine
the proper postage for them all you have
to do is just click print mail and
you're done it's all available 24 hours
a day seven days a week so it's not like
you have to wait until the next morning
to figure out what the postage is on
your package you put in the outgoing
mail and it's ready to go takes time off
your offer table money off the table you
really don't have to worry as much about
all of this we use it a daily wire
offices all the time stamps con I've
used it personally as well you're gonna
want to go check it out there's a
four-week trial available right now at
stamps com1 use promo code Shapiro it
includes postage and digital and a
digital scale go to stamps calm and
before you do anything else click on the
radio microphone at the top of the
homepage and type in promo code Shapiro
that stamps comm promo code Shapiro go
check it out right now again stamps comm
promo codes Shapiro it's totally worth
it and you're gonna save your business
time which is money around here so
stamps calm promo code
that four-week trial including postage
and a digital scale what I like about
stamps don't come the most from a
business point of view is that you have
so few interactions with humans I feel
like for our business in particular you
know what people write if I can avoid
any interaction with any big guys to
Stan's calm for like maritally by close
friends are stamp stuck or user
questions and subscriber questions and
for that we turn to Alicia Krauss I'm
here I have a quick subscriber question
so I am of course an employee here and a
subscriber do you guys count McClintock
as a Western because if so it's my fav
yeah such a good movie yeah I mean so
many levels we could probably do top
John Wayne movies Oh underrated John
Wayne movie yeah Big Jake yeah my Jake
is really enjoying Jake is really
enjoyable I mean out here I love those
old John Wayne movies well yeah you are
yellow ready yeah yeah and the one for
DES Patchi he's wearing a diamond ring
this movies ever made and and we have to
say this Hondo is one of the underrated
films of all time seventy minutes long
it's a complete history of the West in
seventy minutes and it has the most
wonderful thesis about the Indians which
was their way of life was good but you
can't build a civilization on pure
honesty and that that's a one you know
that lies are the beginning of
civilization and it's a one decide on
lemon uh what no no there's a way before
Palmer yeah this is a little more it's
Louie L'Amour's version of Shane ok but
and it but it's just it has this
wonderful idea in it that in order to
build the civilization you have to start
lying and the Apaches I think it's the
Apaches I can't remember who it is but
they wanted our own now they what yeah
really everyone that's the warrant
family that's what it right there
weren't tribe yeah but it's that they
won't lie there's one thing they want to
is life so they can't build a
civilization and John way says it was a
good way of life but it's over this is
how you know Elizabeth Warren isn't
actually because when she says that her
paternal grandparents would not accept
her mother she was so obviously so
obviously Delaware and Cherokee
meaning possibly one 512
yes clearly she's awesome okay so yeah
yeah
back to subscriber questions and if
you're wondering how can you ask a
question of the guys we'll be sure to
head over to Daley we're calm to
subscribe and ask your questions in the
chat box over there only subscribers can
ask the questions
much like our monthly conversations with
all of our amazing hosts first question
for you guys comes from Matthew and he's
saying hey all liberals regularly tell
me how great
RBG is he'd be interested in hearing
your thoughts to the contrary and
welcoming the talking points as to why
she is not a good Justice I think we
should let knowles answer this I
suffered through that whole yeah because
really I watched it because I watched
that whole night from arson I know
yeah like RBG you know falling asleep at
the SCOTUS that was me watching this
thing it is look to call it a
hagiography is under doing it under I
mean it the triumph of the will is a
yeah seriously I mean it but she's just
awful you know I mean you can speak more
to her jurisprudence which is awful
she's been naked ly partisan and
political for her entire career her
confirmation hearings were extolling the
virtues of abortion and why it's a good
thing for it to be legal everywhere and
why must be legal everywhere
she's criticized openly Donald Trump
during the campaign during his
presidency she's just awful and the
amazing thing about this movie with her
they are notorious RBG which I think 20
leftists use the phrase and they're
trying to pretend it's this culture me
that isn't a thing it is not a thing but
the they try to make it out in the movie
like she's the first woman on the
Supreme Court she's the second Ronald
Reagan put the first ones right I want
to forget the first one as much as
anybody right but but where's the Sandra
Day O'Connor movie and moreover where's
the Scalia movie where's the you know
they just make it there's a Thomas movie
but it's better need a help exactly
right that's the only way that we can do
this the fact is that Thomas's story is
so much better than anything that Ruth
Bader Ginsburg has to offer his personal
story growing up like the son of a
sharecropper it's so rude it's so
American and they would never make that
movie the only way that we can portray
him is as a sexually rapacious black man
that's really what HBO did to him Yeah
right with Anita Hill and
it really is astonishing Ginsburg as a
justice to take garbage justice she's
not even she doesn't even make a tempt
to relate her political leanings to the
Constitution of the United States or to
the law at issue she has a unique
capacity to simply ignore whatever
constitutional provision is in front of
her in order to achieve the desired
result she is the perfect like the the
Platonic example of legal realism she
has a certain end that she seeks she's
an end about it she's almost on
Association well I mean sure her was her
history she was the head she was over at
now right she was issues the in-house
counsel and now and and in they took it
I mean that that's ridiculous that that
is legitimately the equivalent of the
Republicans nominating the in-house
counsel over at the NRA you need to be a
Supreme Court justice
they did this with no questions asked
and Republicans basically went along
with it because Republicans are fools
orrin hatch loved her so I respect you
judge I respect that's when we got the
Ginsburg role right which isn't it you
you're allowed to avoid any serious
question about your future jurisprudence
simply by saying I won't answer that
because I don't have all the facts in my
disposal or I won't answer any future
case based on what's in front of me
which was the result of working which
the Democrats also did we haven't had an
honest answer in a judicial confirmation
hearing in the last 35 years since it
since Robert Lauri it should be said it
should be said that we now have three
examples Bork Clarence Thomas and
Cavanaugh of this attempt to destroy the
life of a man who simply is a
constitutional originalist whereas we
have nothing nothing nothing remember
that is saying nothing with even with
Ruth Bader Ginsburg right and she won
she won their biggest complaint is that
Republicans wouldn't vote on Merrick
garland because he would have been voted
down by Republicans on it right that is
that their base coming but we didn't
destroy Merrick Garland's life not at
all we all thought okay Merrick garland
seems like a nice guy he just you know
the most is your big brother they
brought in this liberal justice to
replace Antonin Scalia where every time
a liberal judge it goes out we're
supposed to we got a replace only have
to replace that we like with like yeah
it's it's absurd so I don't know very
much about legal thingies I just I just
know that if you if your nickname calls
to mind soviet-era
rocket launchers it's not a good it's
not a find it amusing have 11 tries to
turn her into
this counterculture cool thing right
because it supposed to be the notorious
yeah b.i.g right that's the the rapper
did I get that right well good for me
but it's it but trying to turn a an 88
year old woman because she's she's in
her late 80s late hundred eighties yeah
and she trying to turn her into like the
hot new thing and the the exemplar I
like favorite thing is when they put out
that picture of her doing the plank
I thought if she's in that position for
the next three months check on her diet
BuzzFeed wouldn't like worked out with
her to be like I can't even do the the
work is Regensburg can do it's like well
if you can then you should go check with
your doctor old woman can do she's
throwing those little tiny the little
you know in their movie they have her
doing and they have this like super 50
like shake weight the trainer gazes
she's amazing she's like a cyborg
this is she's doing real push-ups you
look at the push-ups I'm look I mean the
woman's a hundred years old she and
whatever she's going a quarter of an
inch yeah I mean there isn't barely any
movement it is undistinguishable from
rigor mortis and they're saying she's
doing real push-ups it's just like it
does remind me exactly of the Terminator
I have to say I didn't get to do my
favorite Western going back to these
westerns but we're still just fine fine
two more questions my 10 bucks a month
yeah have their questions answered I
don't want to hear about your favorite
Western they want to know what does
Andrew Clavin think we will save the
will we see the rise of an alternative
political party this question comes from
subscriber named Chris not necessarily a
third party but maybe he thinks that
there will be a replacement of either
one or both current parties within the
next generation or so my favorite
Western is you know I think I think that
the Democrat Party is in genuine trouble
and I think that if they're not in
trouble we're in trouble
because they have seriously lost the
story of America we are no longer
dealing with two parties with different
visions of America where you're dealing
with one party with various visions of
America and one party with visions of an
entirely different kind of country when
I say different I mean
they're the old-fashioned idea of
centralized government governance
without individual liberty it is not the
American story it's not the American
experiment so my personal opinion since
most things are not that dramatic most
most of history is not that dramatic I
suspect that the Democratic Party is
going to move back toward the center at
some point if they lose enough on the
other hand you know anything can happen
I don't know what the future is but but
my guess would be if I had to put some
down some money I would say the
Democratic Party is gonna have to reform
itself or really put itself permanently
out of power I do not think we're gonna
turn into Venezuela any third parties
but I think that we've already watched a
certain level of capture of the
Republican Party first by the tea party
and then by Trump and I think you've
watched an internal capture of the
Democratic Party by the intersectional
identity politics wing of the Democratic
Party and that will continue happening
because whoever is the most extreme
loudest voice in the room has certain
advantages right there there's this
Nicholas Nelson Talib has this this
theory and think it's called
reorientation but basically the idea is
that it's not that hard to get a large
group of people to assume an extreme
viewpoint all you have to do is start
with one person who's very loud so if
you have a member of your family who's a
vegetarian and therefore members of your
family and your wife's cooking dinner
because it's a traditional family and
she decides that night what dinner am I
gonna cook is she gonna cook two dinners
is she gonna cook meat for everybody
else and vegetarian for the for the
daughter or she's just gonna cook
vegetarian for everybody she cooks
vegetarian for everybody just to avoid
the blowback and the extra work that
family now goes to a party and they say
well we have to do vegetarian for our
daughter right now the entire party is
doing vegetarian to do that and you're
seeing that with I think the most the
loudest elements of each party the most
intransigent I think would be the best
way to put the most intransigent element
of each party is going to be what drives
the future of each party and so you're
gonna see the parties continue to
radicalize I see I don't think that's
true because I think that one of the
things about conservatives and we keep
forgetting that just happens to be good
luck for us is it works you know when
people do conservatives I mean look at
San Francisco this is one of the most
beautiful cities in America it's turned
into a trash and because of leftist
governance this happened is how
expecting a Republican to be elected any
inferences no but this happened before
it well this happened in the 70s what is
happening to San Francisco
and Chicago now happened in the 70s to
New York in New York you would have sat
there and said are you gonna tell me
that New York would elect a conservative
Republican and that's exactly what it
did but there were Rockefeller
Republicans who are being elected New
York and at the time in Mayor John
Lindsay was a Democrat though yes that's
true but there was at least a record of
somebody in the recent historical paper
having voted for a personal the concern
is that if you look at places like
Detroit which fall into true ruin after
generation after generation of radical
Democrat rule you don't see any sort of
self correction take place at the end of
that because the the thing that the
Democrat Party has that we lack is that
they can break things and then say that
the only solution is more of what broke
it well but that that works for a while
but it doesn't always work look that
that is this is a possible future you're
absolutely right it's a possible future
but it's also truly a possible future
that suddenly you know cut guys like
Chuck Schumer he's not a radical you
know he's a momentum scary's you're
watching him nationally radicalized in
terms you're under nine there's a
machine animal and if he thinks that
this is going to destroy the party which
it might if he thinks that he'll correct
and don't you think also the the Trump
capture of the Republican Party is not a
I don't think it's a further radical
yeah I think it's actually a pull back
toward yeah moderation I think the tea
party was far more radical than Donald
Trump in terms of policy but not in
terms of rhetoric yeah the most
intransigent like the tea that the
crossover between the tea party and
Trump is one of the weirdest things in
American politics simply because you're
right that the political agenda is
certainly not the same but the the
emotional drive is the same
there's rebellion against the
established Authority and you're seeing
the same thing in the Democratic but the
thing about the Trump that justifies
Trump is the rhetoric that has been
coming from the media not because
remember the media drives the left in a
way that it yes right people don't see
that he is he is the first guy who was
actually fighting the battle that needs
to be fought I'm not arguing I'm not
arguing yes but but again he is he has
become the representative and I don't
know how much of this is accidental Idol
here's a place where I would agree with
you that I don't think it's Trump's
geniuses driving him I think Trump has
been cornered into good governance in
some ways but but he has been quite as
grand for it yeah and he has been
cornered into good governance and the
people who will follow him anywhere
following into governance which is what
is actually a wonderful thing I mean I I
know that I'm enlisted out since
Cavanagh but this is really a wonderful
moment weirdly unblessed adsence course
such this is different because the
effort that went into d wraps do ed
Gorsuch what they did and the family
listen i'm emili´s down for now - yeah
or three weeks from an elective or such
because Gorsuch was evidence that trump
could do things better than we might
have feared that he would do what makes
Cavanaugh so much more encouraging I
actually think it may be a worse pick
from in micron you know but it's a
better action from the concerted right
that's what bravery across but it took
me now when you say Lindsey Graham is a
hero you go like wait I'm sorry what
yeah because Lindsey Graham actually is
Jimmy Stewart from the man who shot you
have to watch that movie along those
radical hot take I've ever heard Bravo
company manufacturing second amendments
important all of us that you can't have
a Western without the Second Amendment
man well when the founders crafted the
Constitution the first thing they did
was make sacred our right to bear arms
and you know how strongly we all believe
in the right to bear arms I'm a gun
owner who else in the rooms and gun
owner hands up and owning a rifle is an
awesome responsibility building rifles
is no difference which is why Bravo
Company manufacturing was started in a
garage by marine vet more than two
decades ago to build a
professional-grade product that meets
combat standards BCM believes the same
level of protection should be provided
to every American regardless of whether
they're a private citizen or a
professional BCM is not a sporting arms
company the design engineer and
manufacturing life-saving equipment that
is the goal of the gun that's the
purpose of the Second Amendment it's not
so you can shoot animals and it's that
you can preserve her life and assume
that each rifle leaving their shop will
be used in a life-or-death situation by
a responsible citizen ever
components of a BCM rifle is hand
assembled tested by Americans to a
life-saving standard to learn more about
Bravo company manufacturing head on over
to Bravo Company MFG comm you can
discover more about their product
special offers and upcoming news that's
Bravo Company MFG comm if you need more
convincing more information find out
more about them over at youtube.com
slash Bravo Company USA that's
youtube.com slash Bravo Company USA they
work with the leading instructors of
marksmanship from top levels of
Americans special America's Special Ops
forces from Marine Corps force
reconnaissance to US Army Special Ops
forces who can teach the skills
necessary to defend yourself your family
or there's great you're gonna want to go
check them out they're people you want
to be associated with Bravo Company MFG
comm go check it out right now other
things I love about Bravo Company and
some of our other sponsors who we who we
get to do ads for sometimes like black
rifle cocks he's veteran founded oh yes
it's awesome or one of the great things
that's happened I think in in the last
20 years and it's not like veterans
Emmons starting companies in America all
along but I think we have this fresh
wave of it going on right now and if
they make great product maybe that's the
most yeah because they depend on
products like this is one of the things
in the arts one of the things that you
see is arts die when they become a super
intellectual or or when they're dying
they become super intellectual and and
the interesting thing in America is
because of all the great technology and
because of the individual innovation the
arts are always kind of slipping into
something else it's like oh you want to
put up stupid paintings on your wall
will invent video games and we'll do art
that you've never seen before that you
can walk right into and that's happening
with these internet businesses too I
mean these guys is just just as they
thought that we're gonna regulate us
into death suddenly this whole system of
building businesses has popped up it's
great so quick question about the
Western because I find it no because
okay story buy it so my son politically
incorrect story so my son is two and a
half years old so that's the politically
incorrect issue assigned to gender so my
son is two and a half years old and he's
got an older sister and she leaves her
slippers and her stuff around everywhere
so she left like these princess shoes
around and my son walked over because
he's a little kid and he put on the
princess shoes and I said no you're not
putting on the princess you're a boy I
know I'm a monster
history's greatest monster
and he started to fuss and he started
get upset because they're cute and
they're shiny and whatever so you put
some back on I said no we're not doing
that and so I said here's what were
doing we get in the car we go over to
the Western Outfitters over here on Van
Nuys and we go in and we got him some
cowboy boots and a cowboy hat and a
great dad favorite thing he's walking
around going cowboy game if I put on
ladies shoes will you buddy I mean
there's nothing I can do to fire you
yeah I mean but this is one of things
about westerns that is great is there is
this idea this embedded idea it's one of
the reasons the Western is kind of dying
now there's an embedded idea of gender
roles that is politically wildly
incorrect yeah and in westerns and
what's funny about that is that the
women in westerns are typically a lot
stronger than the women that you see in
a movie nowadays really mentioned I do
it I mean there's a woman who play car
who walks out and shoot some yes and
maybe that in McLintock his description
of Marina O'Hara and what she did and
how she he'll build the West and then
he's talking to some you know modern
woman like what a woman is you know and
it's it's actually it's interesting in
the Bible because obviously feminists
hate the Bible because they hate God
they dislike some of the gender specific
things that take place in the Bible you
know they want to fight against even God
identifying using masculine terms are
they especially one of rebellions what
they see is that or pushback against
what they see is the the patriarchal
aspects of the Bible that that what they
want to change the word woman I mean you
probably saw this yes we're just in the
last couple of weeks because they don't
want man to be in right the idea of
woman as a helpmate to man is offensive
the idea of from Ephesians of men as the
head of their household or the head of
their wife that they're offended by but
they they make it sound as if the
biblical view of femininity is that
women it's almost this far oh well a
servile Far Eastern view
of femininity or something that actually
isn't present in the Bible like the
women in the Bible you have female
submission is key to the idea of women
is what they think that's right but the
women in the Bible who are the biblical
example of women are strong you drive a
tent pole through a man's forehead
you're okay go listen to your wife now
yes and Sarah's overseas of vast
household yo she has she actually has a
job her job isn't right Moses his wife
has to circumcise their child when Moses
forgets to do it I mean the actual
imagery of the rib is important because
if you know it's not that she was
plucked from the foot of madam please
can't draw it on her it's not that she's
plucked from the head
she just plucked from the rib right from
the side there is a spiritual equality
that is evoked you see this in westerns
too to your point that the the women in
westerns are strong characters they're
they are not men but they are not
servile a third class
taken for granted citizens either
they're they're typically work with
their hands they typically oversee the
activities of these ranchers or the
activities you know they they don't
suffer fools well it was realistic
they're much more real this is this is
my the one point that I will grant to
feminism which I just hate feminism I
think it is a destructive bad philosophy
and I don't think was missions when we
say family I think we should clarify
just for those who are listening I think
all of us in the room when we talk about
hating feminism what we were talking
about a second and third wave feminism
well not women not women voting or
having you know because I think that
that is part of classical liberalism
right extension of classical liberalism
I feel the necessity for media matters
to me auntie first wave feminists mostly
second way was fine you know but but the
thing I will grant them is the
Industrial Revolution did take away the
housewives economic power because it
took it took what used to be home
industries and put them in the factories
and I think we have we're correcting for
that by first of all the interesting so
that is amazing you know it's always
technology that fixes technology right
but but I think that there is that there
is that element of truth in what
they're saying which has nothing to do
with men except for men inventing stuff
you know I mean every freedom that women
have every extension that through
technology it's because of the invention
of a guy sitting around going oh here's
a good idea you know birth control or
whatever you know I mean it's these are
the things that have granted women a new
world which I think we're all in favor
of I mean we want women the whole thing
about the West is that women have always
been a history of women was marriage is
the single best invention necessary of
women and it's the first thing that the
feminist trying to murder well because
they're really I mean they made women
are unhappy I mean that there's a really
fascinating longitudinal study about
female happiness from 1917 to the
present and what it shows is that in the
era of abortion and radical feminism and
women's rights and rah-rah me too
that female happiness has gone down
markedly across Western civilization
this is why when we say that gender
roles are politically incorrect I always
worry about that because I don't think
women think that one of the one of the
reasons that weather isn't the left
always throws women under the bus first
have you noticed this they will throw
they will throw women under the bus but
the other throw any is because women
actually don't want what the left of
selling if they if they sit and think
about it what they don't want is to be
told that their second rate that their
second perhaps that they're not they're
not full citizens they're not full
participants in the Western probably
listen I know that story about my son I
should I should amend my wife saw my son
putting on these shoes and she came to
me and she said I don't want him putting
on these shoes right let's go do
something about how's it gonna get back
to Kansas but again we live in a society
where that is considered wildly sexist
and terrible maybe I'm denying him in
his reality and it turns out I got him
boots and he loves the boots of course
like of course because he's a child and
I make decisions for my child because
I'm not a child and they didn't they
send babies into rooms and the boys play
with trucks and the girls play with
dolls I mean it's not really rhesus
monkeys by the way the unstudied rhesus
monkeys gender by by toy yeah like it's
just that this whole thing is absurd
that's the problem we always locusts on
the female gender roles and how this
affects woman's happiness same is true
of men the same is exactly true they
don't focus on that because it's not
politically expedient but when men are
doing things that men naturally want to
do they are better at it they are
happier and when they try to do more
nurturing things unfortunately what may
be is good
inside the question what do you guys
think because I think that I love the
movie but I think it's actually quite a
damaging movie what do you think of
Unforgiven I like him because I love it
I mean it's a great movie but the good
guy in that movie is Gene Hackman
there's an easy read to that movie where
gene Hackman's the video yeah really
but he's a he's the eye he's trying to
keep order in the town he's the guy who
says I'm not gonna execute somebody for
what is a non-executable crime mmm right
he's the one who's I mean he spends the
entire film building his house right
that's it supposed to be metaphorical
right and then here comes this guy in
from the plane she's basically a career
criminal and killer who comes and shoots
him to death because life is meaningless
well it is it is a postmodern commentary
on the Western there's no question in
that line in that where he he says the
gene Hackman says I don't deserve this
he says desert has nothing to do with it
deserving has nothing to do with it that
is that is the world that he is showing
you he's showing you a nihilistic world
in which these guys are building the
order which is this basically the story
of the Western yeah but it's the counter
story of the West recount what is the
real truth of what America was this is
why I love Western so much I think is
why conservatives love Western so much
it's not just something like guns and
hats and you haven't told us your
favorite Western I mean look if you if I
had one to take to a desert island I
would probably have to take tombstone
just because it's so remote assume
there's it there's there's no point
where you can't like you could turn into
that movie in virtually any point and
you will spend the night it's a black
hole movie you know clear it is it is
spectacular and Val Kilmer is just great
and every line is called about and
that's and that scene where that scene
where Kurt Russell makes it likes mats
around Billy Bob thorn Billy Bob thorn
before I got skinny we shouldn't look
over the spaghetti westerns I mean you
Clint Eastwood is the last great movie
star I don't know I think those are the
westerns yeah yeah mayo and Deadwood was
was its greatest moments it was great
the first season of Deadwood isn't quite
good and then that you know what the for
me you know the first five episodes are
good and then once they kill
spoiler alert fifteen years here we go
but once it was once they kill Wild Bill
Wow no balls killed
a totally false start for me once they
can laugh you know I don't know to me it
was a it's a hit and miss show but like
every fourth episode is some one of the
best TV episodes ever but it is like the
guy
when I read I read that book difficult
men about the people people who created
this thing he was he was this kind of
wild man the guy who created it and he
was show up on set and he would have a
great idea and then he disappeared have
a bad idea and the show plays like that
every now and again you'll be sitting
there and go like Joe moments characters
it has some of the best acting in almost
every role like guys will come on into
three episodes and you can't believe the
performance doing it but I think that
the the reason the Western can cannot
survive in this environment at least not
the way that it was traditionally made
is because the Western requires strong
men and strong women and we can this is
really the thing it's not it's not that
the Western requires weak women and
strong men it requires strong women and
strong yet yeah and you cannot have
strong men in movies anymore the only
strong this is what you know drew you've
been asking for a while why are people
in a superhero movie the only strong men
who are allowed are aliens or people who
are actually strong because they have
superpowers yeah like just a traditional
strong male character will be destroyed
by the critics for virtually any reason
when's the last time you saw a movie
with a traditional strong male who's not
an antihero who's just a strong male
doing something the Bradley Cooper movie
American sniper American sniper right
and what are the critics dude what they
brushed it right in critic said the
critics decided that this thing was was
terrible and patriarchal periodic but
all that goes together there is not
something well there is something else
about the Western that I think is a non
malign reason for its kind of fading
from the scene which is that at some
point in the history of my life right at
some point the focus of art and
especially popular are turned from the
past to the future it used to be that
all heroes were fighting the Nazis in
westerns it was America's past this is
what where we came from but there is
this moment that happens especially with
computers where everything is
modernizing so fast that really people
are thinking about that what happens
next in the seventies right it was right
around like the spaghetti western future
even future movies are about fighting
the present I think that the the reality
of it is
that the Western exists in a world where
classical virtues masculine virtues
still deserve to be defended and
championed and because and I think we
can all take a little bit of you know
our tribes have our computer yes it is
that religious people in particular
Christians in this country over the last
I don't know 25 to 50 years started this
view of men and started this view of sin
as masculine behaviour Christians did
okay and they actually led us down a bad
path as a society I started to say you
know being a good Christian is being
quiet in church not fidgeting with your
with the flyer not staring at your shoes
being women became team you know in
public schools women disproportionate
only our teachers over men and they
started taking these sort of this view
of male behavior as needing to be
disciplined or even medicated out of
existence and it's it's not that
masculinity became worse masculinity if
anything probably became better with
time but it's just that women became the
standard bearer the the standard setters
for what they're going to accept and
they didn't want to accept in either a
religious setting or in a public setting
masculine behaviors you know there's
that story you all covered it the story
of the woman the 70 year old professor
who told her husband that she yes the
more interesting part of that story to
me is something that she says you know
that wasn't Ana raised in a raised voice
and she she said not in the entire
history of the feminist movement have
men self-selected into a group to defeat
the teasing and the bullying behaviors
of men and I thought right because I
don't agree with you that they're bad
like I don't agree and other people make
good points like yes we do it's called
fathers yes we do this has it there's an
even bigger point which I don't agree
that teasing someone talk to each other
that's how men talk to each other I
don't agree that every form of bullying
is equal I don't agree that that men
toughen each other up yeah and I don't
agree that that is in every instance a
negative but because it isn't feminine
right it's not a value held by women and
because the church ceded its
responsibility and then parents ceded
their responsibility to the state and
these female virtues became the only
virtues now she actually can't believe
that men aren't trying to destroy men
you know I think I think there is
something though about this and this
goes back to the Western as civilization
advances it does become more feminine
and there was a famous line I don't
remember who said it about England at
its really as it was rising to its peak
after the Napoleonic war somebody said
England is heaven paradise for women
purgatory for Men and hell on the horses
and I think that I think that there's
something about at best that statement
that is generally true of great
civilizations that they do become
restrictive for men because you do not
go out anymore you do call the police at
some point no but this is still I mean
absolute you need to translate
masculinity into a civilized form at
that but I will say that I think that
what you're saying has a lot of Merit in
the sense that great civilizations once
they reach their peak are about
protection of the civilization that's
not venturing forth allowing new things
and what the Western really isn't root
even beyond male and female stuff is
about the idea that you have people who
are leaving behind safety and security
and venturing into places that they've
never been before where there's a pretty
high likelihood of sickness and or death
yeah and they're doing it specifically
to better themselves and their family
yeah and that that is a uniquely
American thing it's why the Western is
uniquely American art form and it's also
why I'm not sure that I actually don't
buy the we now focus in the movies on
the future as mantra I think that
because Star Trek is a Western now the
original Star Trek is Western Star and
that's I mean I mean the originals the
original Star Trek is James Kirk being a
cowboy going out to venturing forth and
discovering new and undiscovered
territories right and impregnating the
locals that wasn't that that was that
was what Star Trek was it was Western
and then new next generation which is
not a Western it's not a Western because
now it's about policing of the universe
and it's all about well we we have this
principle we can't get involved with
anything that's happening in the world
and this is why when george w bush was
trying to do what he was doing in iraq
it was he was a cowboy and he was the
cowboy became an epithet as opposed to a
compliment they did the same thing with
ronald reagan
you Cowboys were bad because Cowboys
were people who ventured forth across
the horizon in search of new things to
conquer and I think we
lost the cowboy mentality we were
talking about this in terms of economics
and work because one of the great
debates right now is sort of what do you
do about the fact that the economy is
bifurcating in terms of sort of more
intellectually driven jobs and less
intellectually driven jobs and maybe
technology's killing some of the lower
earning jobs again I I don't see total
evidence of this there are 7 million
unfilled jobs in America right now
unabomb it does not exist but there is
this baseline assumption by both left
and right by populous from Bernie
Sanders on the left to Donald Trump on
the right and I think Tucker Carlson -
and on the left Bernie and Elizabeth
Warren and it's a common view now held
across the political spectrum and that
is that if you are in a town that is
basically dying off because of
globalization the factories have left
and half the population is now on
opiates that we have to find a way to
restore your town to its former glory
and it's not just it's people like Orrin
castrate or ins a real intellectual and
I you know I have a lot respect for all
the people who I mentioned on the right
and none for the people on the left but
with that said this idea that that town
must be restored that is that's actually
an tide the Western no idea right the
idea what the idea of all of America was
built on this notion that sure I have
this little plot of land or I have this
crappy house in the middle of East
London but you know what I'm out of here
this place sucks
we are crossing an ocean going into a
place where I will likely be killed and
then I'm gonna establish something there
and then I'm gonna cross the
Appalachians and I'm gonna go do it
across this giant vast plain where there
is no water I'm just gonna go across
that entire place yeah I'm gonna go
settle in the middle of nowhere where
there's nobody there and when my town
consists of me and three of my friends
and we're gonna establish a civilization
there and this this idea that all worlds
have been conquered right there's
there's no place left to explore there's
no place left to discover for each that
may be true for us as a civilization
because we now can map where everything
is it is not true for any individual on
planet Earth you know there's a famous
book written in the 60s I think a work
of literary criticism called the virgin
land which starts to chart out the
effect of running out of wilderness and
this is why for decades I have been a
big supporter of going back into space
because I think that we the human race
has always always lived by expansion and
it's going to continue to live by
expansion I do not believe that story is
over
I believe this space is the next
frontier that right
but the point that I'm making is that
maybe as civilization we need to go to
space just to keep that kind of bone in
our body but as an individual you can be
a cowboy just by picking up from your
little town and moving to town in North
Dakota and getting a fracking job you
know case ideas let's know they do they
do you have a lot more of your working
people are people are moving in the
mobility has actually gone down in
recent years which is a shocking thing
because the availability of mobility is
of course higher than it has ever been
in human history and we act as though
it's a rough thing to get in a car and
drive for hours to a town and get an
apartment there when it used to cost you
a year of your life and all of your
assets to move across 300 miles and you
you have you have businesses coming into
towns and saying we're hiring but you
have to pass a drug test and the room
empties out yeah right you know I mean
we have a we have serious serious
problem it's a mentality it is a
spiritual it is a spiritual ways that we
are where we are in the middle of a
spiritual malaise and it's a malaise
that is that has a bunch of causes but
if you think that it's gonna be cured by
politics or by handing somebody a job it
is not going to be cured by any of that
stuff anything I watched a news show
last night I don't actually know what
networks carrying it because I watched
it on on iTunes but it might be someone
like Discovery it's called Mars and the
show is 50% pretty decently acted very
well produced fiction about the first
human mission to Mars in 2033 the other
half of the show is documentary taking
place right now tracking Elon Musk
trying to real and reusable rockets it's
a really peculiar approach so I've never
seen anyone quite do it but one of one
of my concerns about looking to space as
the next frontier for conservatism
because conservatism always lives at the
frontier it's easy to think that maybe
those values extend into space but I
think we think we missed the reality of
how hostile the environment of space is
so a lot of our space requires
government in a way that the real world
doesn't a lot of the things that the
left tries to convince you you need here
and we know you don't you actually do
need up there and conservatives are
pretending that you don't so for example
can you have a second amendment on a
lunar base well of course not you can't
even have a BBQ grill on a lunar base if
you start a small fire you you kill all
life
on the moon like on the totality of the
moon yeah a small grease fire wipes all
of it out because you can't so much as
open a window you can't so much as open
a door yeah you there you are you live
completely at the mercy of what's been
constructed so I I wonder do our values
actually make it to the new oh well I
think they would first of all you know
we cannot imagine what's gonna happen
next that this is you know I was talking
to a nanotechnologist just the other day
and when I when I got out of college I
went out of town yeah right when I got
out of college which we're talking a
1722 right I got out of college I had
two science-fiction ideas one was they
would inject machines into us that would
heal diseases this guy says that's what
they're doing now that is what they're
experimenting with now the other science
fiction idea I had was a way of tricking
planets into thinking they had more
gravity than they do so that you could
terraform I don't think the world is
gonna look like domes on Mars I don't
think it's gonna look like machinery
like battery operated air domes I think
that we're going to actually terraform
planets I think amazing stuff is gonna
happen I think you can see the expanse I
story it's really good I mean isn't it
sort of the premise of it and I and I
think that I think that these values are
values
the thing is adventurous it's by nature
adventurous on the left ISM is by nature
conservative what is in America
conservatism is about adventure
searching for when there's a great
adventure for how we're gonna terraform
Mars which is that we're gonna go to
those polls you know we're all that
under-underground eyes yes we're gonna
nuke it like 1,000 nuclear bombs and
then you don't need the dome it's
actually Trevor actually I do I do fear
that in our attempts to make life more
comfortable for a lot of folks we're
actually sucking the spirit out of out
of young people there was a great a
great op-ed by Phil Gramm and whoever
writes his op eds with Mike
remember the other guy's name about how
redistribution had done wonderful things
to cure actual poverty in America and at
the same time it had done that it had
created a dependence culture and I think
that that is a wonderful puzzle that
conservatives are gonna have to solve
because people will always go with the
easy thing I mean this is the this is
you and I have always talked about this
is the message of Exodus basically you
know it's like you God comes and takes
the people out of slavery and they're in
the desert for two minutes and then why
did you take us out of slavery we had
food there you know people don't want to
be free they want to eat they want to
have stuff and so this is what we are
going to have to solve and I do it that
it gets solved by adventure but I I
think the other way that it gets solved
honestly is by two of my favorite things
guilt and shame one of the things that
we've done is it's not just that we've
made life easier and given people access
to resources they wouldn't otherwise
have we've made people feel that they
are entitled to these resources you got
to do it not otherwise yeah we were
talking about this earlier with regard
to with regard to movie Cinderella man
where there's a boxer who before he's
champion he's living in absolute poverty
and he's on the welfare dole and when he
becomes champion he walks back in with a
roll a wad of cash he walks back in to
the welfare office and he plops it back
on the table he says okay well I'm
paying you back now they say you don't
have to sir he says well I do Yeah right
is there a person a human being in
America now who it not one not one who
ain't right left for Center who would do
that now Harry Truman declared
bankruptcy in his young life and when he
became successful later in life went
back and paid off the creditors the
number of people who would do that sort
of thing today is 0 because we have told
people that they deserve everything that
they have and more even even welfare
workers I've talked to the media talked
about what they call welfare psychosis
this is a term invented by welfare
people who work for the welfare system
they call it welfare psychosis which is
people begin to get angry that they're
not where's my money where's my money
and they don't realize it's not your
money that's somebody else's money they
were afraid adapt verb for it in a
Sweden because the the situation in in
Sweden is so bad with with the crushing
of the work ethic that people are
legitimately staying home rather than go
to work and they've created like an
actual verb that's based on the name of
the agency that pays the money and slips
my mind right now but it's so it's it's
a really serious issue and that this is
why I think you're
this upsurge in interest in people like
Jordan Peterson cos what Jordan really
is doing
Jordan's big thing is when you put aside
all the mythology and all of the kind of
the intellectual stuff but Jordan really
is doing is he's saying to young men
particularly that you have to go out in
adventure right he's saying go out and
cultivate that's that's really his main
message his message is go out and
cultivate young men are hungry for this
message and the left is getting them the
message that you cannot succeed no
matter what you do that the world is
stacked against you that's an
uninspiring boring message and so it's
the left wants to talk about government
programs all day and if we talk about
government programs the left will win
all day because the government left will
always outcomes a program that's a
really good it's a really but it's it
but if we what we have to start talking
about is what you can do on your own in
a free society yeah it's gonna be better
for you and better for society then
anything government can possibly do for
you if you toughen up if you strengthen
up this is this how the club is a good
thing and it's a good pitch it actually
is a good this is the thing that makes
me so sad sometimes when I go to
colleges and I talk to people and I'll
talk to a 19 year old guy who's you know
because now the new generation is so
much taller than we are right so you're
talking about up there you're looking at
he's six foot four he's ripped he's a
gym rat he looks and he's talking about
microaggression you say dude a
microaggression first of all micro means
it's so small you can tool you should be
your cowboy boots should be crushing
that thing under you as you go on to
build whatever it is you were made to
build and that's that is a sad sad we
lost our swagger when you can talk a man
when you can talk a man into worrying
I'm not even speaking for women and even
talk a man into worrying about a
microaggression
you have taken away his man this is why
I think that you know you remember in 20
2008 Obama's campaign slogan was was yes
we can write the stuff and the and the
fact is that the American message was
never really yes we can it was always
yes you can own you can go out and use
them you can succeed and that was the
biblical message too I mean it literally
is the first command given to Abraham is
get up from your home go to a place that
I will show you you're not gonna know
what the hell's going on you're gonna
not gonna know what and the first thing
that happens when he gets to the Land of
Israel is there's a giant famine and he
has to travel away from enemies yeah all
right so this is this idea that you that
you are guaranteed they
that you're guaranteed a certain level
of security or you should be guaranteed
a level of security what you are
guaranteed is an adventure when you're
born you're guaranteed an adventure and
it is a choose-your-own-adventure
you get to determine which direction
this adventure is gonna go and that can
be really scary it can also be deeply
inspiring which is why again you know I
think that the the ideals of the Western
if you were to pick one era of American
manhood that matters and you were to say
I will this is my image of America like
we we all have the same images of
America from Iwo Jima and our soldiers
and all that but the image of the
American the image of the American to me
is still a cowboy on horseback who's
wandering off into the the unexplored
vistas trying to bring civilization to a
place that doesn't have it yeah and
that's and what's what the hell's wrong
with that why isn't that a great pitch
why isn't that a pitch we can make to
people are we just so secure and we're
so attached to the comfort food and to
attach to our thing since what attach
not moving anywhere well I think I think
historically what happened and it's a
good thing and it speaks so well of our
country that there was a coming to
conscience about how we had treated
black people in this one not last and
and there was a uprising of shame an
uprising of self awareness and we said
now this has got to change and that was
a moment where the left got in a lot of
good stuff and so they won't let it die
and the thing is it's gone you could you
can live your entire life and never
faced racism except in a personal way
you might meet a racist you might meet
somebody who hates you know so what you
know I it's I mean anti-semites on a
fairly regular basis you know I mean
people who hate me all that know you
know I had a conversation with the only
mentor I've ever had in life where I
said to him you know I never really came
up against any anti-semitism in my life
until I was older met a couple of
Anthony I never really met and he said
well didn't didn't you come across the
wasp who looked down on you and I
cracked up and I said if I did I
wouldn't have noticed I would not have
noticed some clown looking down at me
the left side we need to extend the
opportunities of America and the wealth
of America and the benefits of America
to wider and wider groups and that's
true but what they didn't say is we need
to extend the adventure of America to
these groups yeah because how you
arrived in that adventure they because
they weren't
that adventure we're not going to grant
that opportunity to adventure instead we
are going to grant just the benefits I'm
going to grant the opportunity to
adventure to some of our actual
subscribers oh yes Alicia yeah that a
remark that Ben had about Star Trek is
very applicable to some of our
subscribers and if you're wondering oh
how do I ask the god-king and all the
guys over there some questions don't
forget that you can head over to daily
wire.com to subscribe and ask your
questions in our chat box Evan wants to
know to the god-king with conservatives
being based in logic and liberals based
on emotion are we going to have the same
results of that Vulcan Romulan war it's
chump our own correct and if logic does
win do we make leftists go through the
the : r am I saying that right sorry I'm
not a Trekkie
more of a Star Wars fan or do they get
their own planet you have taken them to
a level of not that I can't it's not
that I can't go there it really it
touches on a real piece of
disappointment for me which is that they
never actually circled back and figured
out if that Romulan chick was Tasha Yar
like they they dealt with a little
billing maybe as Tasha Yar daughter it's
like they set up the biggest question in
the entire next generation then I just
let it go
yeah nobody cares about that we care
beyond that I'm not gonna answer that
question what's one thing the one thing
about Star Trek that I know yeah that's
really important the other is based on
the Hornblower novels yeah if you
haven't read the Hornblower novels are
the greatest adventure novels ever
really not never oh my god you would
love okay if you start reading the
Hornblower novels we won't see you again
you will be like whatever bin they're so
great oh you made of me a bunch of
fiction recommendations for yours I
bought some of them I would also second
that they're really great books and I
think that you can get them on your
Kindle for free because of the way that
copyright laws work they're so old that
you don't even have to pay for them
anymore so check that out Ben so some of
Andrew Cleveland's
harsh ouch this question comes from
subscriber James who wants no been
assuming Trump keeps on this similar
trajectory his first two years are you
planning to vote for Trump in 2020 yeah
be heard not too bad for him if he
continues on a similar trajectory and
I've said this I've said this before my
I had three chief concerns with
President Trump when he was candidate
Trump one is that who'd not govern
conservative because he had said a bunch
of crap all over the place there was no
guarantee of learn who's gonna be yeah
that has been alleviated he's governed
extraordinarily conservatively problem
number two I had with him is that he was
going to Seoul suck the Republican Party
and drive them to embrace positions and
ideas that I found abominable some of
that has happened but it's already
happened and it's not gonna be
alleviated again by me not voting for
him because what's happened has happened
and now we're already there so it's a
little bit like okay now that now the
car is in the river now what do you do
right it's not the same thing and in
fairness that has been far less severe
first war for sure so I was worried that
the entire party was suddenly going to
embrace tariffs and the entire party was
going to suddenly embrace the idea being
soft on Russia or and like take the
worst aspects of his rhetoric and then
apply those broadly and I don't think
that that's been the case among most
Republicans in fact I think most
Republicans correctly see Trump as more
of a vehicle for Policy Priorities than
as a thought leader which makes sense
cuz thought leaders need to have
thoughts so that always meant like
really especially polls of young people
show that this is not how young people
think so that's been alleviated and then
concern number three is the one that's
still very much on the table and that is
the toxification of the Republican brand
by President Trump with growing
demographic groups in the United States
it's obviously true with women it's not
quite as obviously true with black folks
and Hispanics yeah well it it might be
all but the evidence there is kind of
skimpy but at the very least it's not
really the question is is a deepening
damage that already existed with those
groups maybe maybe not with women it
certainly isn't with young women with
young people young people do not like
president rump I mean this is just a
fact like millennial generation folks
are not fans of President Trump every
poll of Millennials ever shows that
Trump runs very very poorly among
Millennials again the question is is the
damage already done and the answer there
is kind of yes I mean he's President of
the United States if I would hold my
vote I don't understand how that's
actually changing that especially when
I'm standing out here critiquing all
same stuff that other Millennials are
critiquing right I'm sitting here saying
it's actually bad when he says that
women are horror spaces it's kind of bad
when guys do porn stars while they're
married it's gross and yucky and I've
said before he treats women like garbage
because he does treat women like garbage
like we all know this this is not a big
shock but is any of that so the calculus
has changed I'm always happy to change
my actions based on the evidence that
has changed and several pieces of
evidence changes governance has changed
and there's a difference between being a
candidate in doing stuff and being
president and that stuff now being set
in stone and the ground itself has
changed the ground itself has shifted so
I'd be surprised he'd have to do some
some more egregious stuff for me to
consider not voting for him just to
interesting answer your question what do
you do once the car is in the water you
go home and change your clothes to
establish an alibi this question comes
from Zachary he wants to know Michael
he's seriously considering converting to
Catholicism and he's currently a
Southern Baptist it sounds like he
probably wants to dance and drink that's
why he's good that was going to be my
pinch my out loud voice sorry he said
that he's currently Southern Baptist and
he has a lot of gotten a lot of pushback
from his family do you have any advice
about how he should deal with this well
you can only believe what you believe
you can't I don't think that you can you
should do it just for the booze and the
cigar you know Chesterton said the
Catholic Church is a fix take a glass of
red wine and a good cigar which I was
already there I hadn't cleared through
that so you can only do what you believe
it you can I don't think that you should
join a church for social aspects and I
don't think you should stay in a church
because your family wants you to stay in
that church you have to believe what you
believe
obviously I'm Catholic I am with the
Catholic Church I believe in Catholic
theology absolutely
how you doin Pope Francis there I well
you know it's important to you know to
demonstrate when the Pope is fallible so
I think you should do that you know I've
I've read a lot of different theologian
theologians Protestants evangelical
theologians like a lot of Catholics
I fell down on the Catholic side I think
we should follow that the one
recommendation I will make if if you do
want to become a Catholic is because the
Catholic Church has been around forever
you know for 2,000 years they have a
resource called Catholic Answers and
they answer like every single question
you could PI I mean they say what should
I have for breakfast on Tuesday morning
it will be there and I encourage you to
do it you know you know what side that I
fell down on but I wouldn't I wouldn't
just do it for a social reason and I
wouldn't stay in a church for a social
no Jeremy why shouldn't this person
become a cab
because he'll burn them at the stake I
think it well the religion of the
god-king yeah why why should they not
become a Catholic yeah this is the Jew I
like I I'm Arjun I agree with what
Michael just said but especially the
part about you have to believe what you
believe a person can't I don't believe
in converting exactly because I don't
really believe in religious
institutionalism that's why I'm not
Catholic right you know I I think God
doesn't exist within an institution I
don't think that God created in a
Christian institution I think that part
of the the moving from the Old Testament
to the New Testament is sort of that God
creates an institution to teach me and
something about himself in the Old
Testament and then he frees him from
that institution to teach man something
about God in the New Testament that that
divide to me is one that that the
Catholic Church has missed the court
says it's the institution yeah yeah
right for that reason though I would not
tell someone who believes in Catholicism
that they should you know there's a
there's a line in the New Testament that
says that's equal right there there's a
concept in the New Testament though that
someone can't live according to your
view of freedom your view of gospel
freedom that to to cause someone else to
do so would be to cause them to stumble
that you're supposed to favor the weaker
brother and it's a it doesn't mean it in
in terms of physical strength it's a
it's a
logical concepts like you you may
believe that you have freedom from
certain legal restrictions you may want
other people to participate in that
freedom but the worst thing that you can
do is set a an example a behavioral
example that causes them to act against
their own religious conviction or
against their own conscience to sort of
satisfy your view of freedom when they
don't personally have it because then
you're you haven't freed them from
anything you've just caused them to move
into what they view is sin you know what
you because they betray yeah exactly so
to that end i would think that if a
person identifies with catholic theology
i'd have fun arguing the theological
points with them but i wouldn't want
them to give some sort of weird lip
service to my beliefs or to come to my
church or said to act outside of their
own view of what god requires requires
of them so yeah I don't disagree on on
the broad no I'm with you 100% I'm a
Jesus guy I gotta say the more I read
the Gospels the more I find the most
complex subtle Fiat moral theology the
most complex thinking is right there and
if whatever gets you to Jesus some for
you know if it's a Catholic Church if
it's a stiff account you know it doesn't
matter yeah but if you want a better
answer about why a person shouldn't be
Catholics because I don't want them to
go to help Wow well I think that's the
only time I've seen been said over there
twiddle histone Nick wants to know what
any of you guys support a primary
challenge of President Trump in 2020
nope not now nope not in not sitting
here in October of 2018 mm-hmm the
problem with questions like this is I
think is that they require us to put
ourselves into a future that doesn't yet
Yeah right if there's a tape of him like
whippin a black guy while shouting the
other work then yes right I mean this
new book is the art of mind complex
right there are situations that really
if you if you were caught on tape saying
the n-word in like the way that racist
see like if we were Hillary Clinton's
mentor senator burr yeah I mean but is
here's been my view of the primary this
is really since like literally the day
of the election because he'd won and
because the party mobilized behind him
you are actually doing especially if
it's a primary challenge from the right
you're doing the party in actual
disservice you're doing conservatives an
actual disservice by running against him
because now you are pitting people's
loyalty to a sitting president who won
against Hillary Clinton and who has been
governing in a conservative fashion
against their ideal version of
conservatism and that version is going
to then be alienated from the party so
let's say the F somebody like Ben's has
really can't stand President Trump and
let's say that he were to run a primary
effort I would oppose that primary
effort even though I agree with Ben
Sasse more than I tend to agree and
President Trump specifically because I
think that what will end up happening is
you'll end up fringing out the view that
I hold true to that's right like there
is such a thing as pick your battles
there is such a thing as real pose yeah
I mean well you have to be strategic and
how you choose to approach the wooing of
people to a particular ideology or the
alienation of people from a particular
ideology which is why I've actually I
really have made a serious effort in the
past several years particularly not
actually attacking other people on the
right like I really try hard not to
attack other people on the right even
though obviously you know we become
you're any high profile and I'm in
conflict with them a lot of the time I
do I really written like that
I I can't think Reagan was right aside
from the alt-right or just execrable
human but there's nothing but there and
they're not the right yeah right yeah
the key word there's old all right but
aside from like actual racists and
actual sexist and actual bigots like I
hard pressed to find tape of me not
critiquing and critiquing I'll do but
actually attacking somebody on our
quote-unquote side of the aisle
especially when it comes to differences
over president Trump's clarifying they
have really verified this situation a
better question would be would you vote
for Trump right now because then we can
actually use the facts that we have
available to us right answer that one
earlier yeah and I think we're all on
the same page
holy Alicia we still got some more
questions coming in from our awesome
daily wire subscribers who are asking of
course because their daily wire
subscribers and they're going to daily
wire calm and putting these questions at
the chat box then Austin and I are
pulling them for you guys yay we have a
question from a lady named Claire she
says I don't potential candidates for
the Democratic Party who do you think
would be the worst for this country oh
my who's not against anyone oh yeah so
there's so many so much to choose from
or listen spoiled for choice I mean I I
do think I I do think any of them have
now certainly people like Elizabeth
Warren have been so radicalized what
they were actually talking about and so
bad and so anti-american and you know I
hate to use that phrase because that was
in the old days that was what the right
would fling at anybody who didn't you
know who had any kind of liberal
analyzing ideas at all but they have
actually become anti-american if the
American idea is to preserve the
individual rights the life liberty in
the pursuit of happiness they are no
longer on that page they have devolved
you know I was just reading it you know
in psychology the idea of the individual
is the rare idea it is in most societies
it is groupthink that is what the left
this is hilarious that they call
themselves progressive when they are
regressing from the one original idea
people have had about politics and just
about all of them now ascribe to that
you know although I will say I think
that Kamala Harris is more dangerous
than Elizabeth Warren why and the reason
that I say that is because Elizabeth
Warren obviously cannot play the
identity politics card and this is
Kamala Harris I think one of the things
that honestly the worst thing about
President Obama was not even his
governance was just piss-poor it was it
was the fact that he pitted ethnic
groups against one another for political
purposes and Warren can't credibly do
that Bernie Sanders can't credibly do
that they can they can pursue bad
economic policy which is fixable because
bad economic policy tends to be somewhat
self-correcting in the sense that it
collapses and then you get Reagan right
but what but what cannot be fixed is the
continuing racial and ethnic divide
based on identity politics that is being
promulgated by certain wing of the
Democratic Party and that's being led by
Cory Booker and Kamala Harris in that
party and Harris I agree with you Harris
is the bigger danger
because Booker is so cinemas but you
remember in 2012 he was defending Mitt
Romney he was defending Wall Street
he was the moderate guy then he realized
his only path was to pivot and become
hysterical Spartacus what's amazing is
that he actually of all the candidates
he's the most like Hillary Clinton he's
so much that's exactly you can actually
see the gears to every step of the way
yeah and that's what makes him so
amusing is what like he's the only
person who would say out loud this is my
Spartacus exactly this is reading from
the teleprompter in the stage direction
but it's yeah I think that Harris is the
most dangerous person to be President
not sure that she's most dangerous
candidate to be Trump I think I think
that Trump clearly yeah because I think
that she is off-putting yeah and I think
that she is strident in a way that even
Warren is not yeah I think that I think
that the most dangerous candidate to
beat Trump I thought was Warren until
she did what she did this week like
really I thought that she was because
because I thought they did I thought no
no no there's no such thing as over I
mean John Kerry's talking about forget
that it approximately this point in 2014
Donald Trump was looking for a birth
certificate yeah but I will say that I
had more I had a higher opinion of her
political acumen well a week and a half
ago than I do now
yeah and so I figured okay she's smart
and she knows what she's doing and now
she's proved that she's smart but she
certainly does not know what she's doing
that's kind of what do you think of this
baito phenomenon that's going on in turn
no I think I think he's I think they
will find somebody who is like a beta
but I think once Boehner loses to Cruz
he loses that luster when I think it's
right they will find but they will find
somebody else to glom on to as the new
fresh-faced also again Beto's
masquerading as a Hispanic with this
bado nonsense right so at a certain
point it was gonna come out that he's
again whiter than then he's also snap
kid who's masquerading as a fresh face
he's been in Congress for a long time I
mean it's not summer right they're a
bunch of people that they're gonna try
and hold this up for then and try and do
it for hooli and Castro is gonna try and
is it that he doesn't fill a hole for
them the same way that Obama really
filled a hole for Democrats in 2007-2008
but young fresh face
you would be the best Democrat for the
country of the people who are currently
circling a vinod is impossible because
just because he's a clown and so the
reaction would be able to do it no I
mean if one of them if one of them could
achieve the office which one's the best
for the country um where is that what
you're saying book Booker I think right
because he's the goofiest and the most
cynical and no but you're saying you're
saying if you looked at that platforms
and their ideas who would be and they
could actually achieve those platform
but which I mean they charge these
things in I think I think there's a case
to be made for Biden I think there's a
good case providing there's a good
there's a case we may because at least
Biden still has sort of a pathological
attachment to the country yeah and he
does have a certain warmth for the Rust
Belt and people working in factories in
Ohio and and he doesn't he doesn't
actually want to divide the key will
cynically divide the country for
political purposes that's what he does
because he's a cynic and he's a
plagiarist and he's bad
person gives a hell of a background I
like we do makes Trump look really smart
yes looks like an intellectual we have
time for one more question from one of
our delightful daily wire subscribers
who is probably a proud owner of a
leftist here's hotter or cooler oh yeah
and they need to apparently get a steven
crowder mug because he wants to get into
cigars and Dylan wants to know if you
guys have any suggestions or tips on
what he should get or how he should even
begin this has got to be an old question
that's you know I would say one
graduation somebody finally wants to be
teased I would never suggest violating
the law you know they say that those
cigars from Cuba are pretty good so I
don't know who knows if those were any
good there are plenty of good cigars
though to get that you can get in the
United States I legally a really good
cigars you know there was a cigar boom
in the 1990s and that's good clean there
was a big cigar boom in the 90s you can
there are a zillion great factories in
Nicaragua Dominican Republic even some
in Florida and it's because when the
Cubans
Communists came in and stole everybody's
property ripped you know kicked people
out they all went to the Dominican
Republic they went to Nicaragua they
went to Florida and there's some cool
stuff even coming out of LA Nicaragua I
mean you can get some really great
smokes for ten bucks
eat some
unless some $15 so I recommend sampling
anything by this is like real inside
baseball
do-hyun does a great work my father
makes great cigars Oliva
tapped wahi Pete Johnson out here all
good stuff and if you want to smoke that
communist trash can be pretty good
Dennis Prager for that question yes
thanks for watching some of us may feel
that we're actually have the imaginative
experience that we've been smoking a
Cuban cigar you really is there a way to
get them leaving yes we went down to to
Cuba we took a little trip when it was
impossible to do that now it's a little
harder to do that is Obama Thanks it's
the only time I've earned he said thanks
Obama
it's you can now you can it's very
complicated talk about our this is
actually a good point on our government
violating its own laws all the time
there is an embargo on products from
Cuba you're not supposed to go there
spend money the executive branch just
changes the rules all the time and it
has for decades yeah so now it used to
be the case if you were on the streets
of Europe and you were smoking a Cuban a
diplomat could gun you down arrest you
you know you you could accidentally died
during an interrogation but you can if
you travel abroad you know you got a
suitcase you can smoke Cuban cigars
there and you know it's pretty nice you
might accidentally you might
accidentally try look our country was
the history of cigars in the history of
this country are intertwined surely
Columbus made it here he saw the native
smoking cigars it was one of the great
gifts to humanity and every King died of
mouth cancer after that that's right
hopes did it yeah nasal cavity that's
right absolutely yeah was this wasn't
good enough PSA for tobacco or is
incredibly boring its Cuban bubbles
alright we want to say thank you to
Alicia for bringing us those delightful
questions from our subscribers thank you
to the subscribers themselves you are
the reason that we are here even even
Michael moles receive some because of
the good work of our of our subscribers
we try thank you to you guys for another
exciting addition again give me just
like two minutes I would love to do
great by the way I'd love to see you at
politican if you're in LA this weekend
go to politican calm click on tickets
put in the promo code daily wire we're
gonna be the hole pain I'll be there
Alicia we'll be there we'll have a lot
of fun taking questions from you and I
