so I want to talk about abstinence
before marriage and let me just say that
this is the you know this is not this is
not a religious conversation I'm not
going to make a moral argument non
religious people you know they like to
dismiss these kinds of these kinds of
discussions and because they say well
this is just religious it's it's
fundamentalist but I think that's kind
of it's kind of funny in a way it's kind
of ironic because these those same
non-religious people will also insist
that you do not need to be religious in
order to act with wisdom and prudence
and you know that's religious people
don't have a monopoly on that they'll
say well saving sex for marriage is
without question the wisest and most
prudent path I don't think any rational
person would deny that or can deny it
convincingly yet it is a wise and
prudent path that we are told is only
open to the religious I disagree with
that I guess I have a higher opinion I
guess of non-religious people that
non-religious people have of themselves
because I don't you know I don't see it
that way yeah it's true that religious
people generally believe in saving sex
for marriage I mean they believe you to
believe in it ideally how successful
they are and following through is a
different matter but it's oh it's true
that they believe in it but it's not
true that you have to be religious in
order to see the wisdom in such a
strategy and I think if you wish to
address our most serious social problems
if you if you does if you desire the
benefits that could come from solving
these problems then then you should
advocate for abstinence before marriage
whether you're religious or not it
doesn't doesn't matter this is a
practical position now it may be a
spiritual position as well but that's
not you know that those two things don't
necessarily have to be linked all the
time like I also believe that um that
that murder is wrong and that is a I I
believe that spiritually you know I
believe it's wrong because Ten
Commandments says that it's wrong
because God says it's wrong but um but I
would still
I would still advocate outlawing
homicide even if the 10 commandments
didn't exist and I would I would hold
that position for very obvious and
practical reasons right well I think the
same is true of saving sex for marriage
and I'm not comparing you know I'm not
comparing having sex before marriage to
murder I'm just saying that you know
this is a this you can make a very
practical argument in favor of it and I
think anyone can see the benefits of
that path and anyone can pursue that
path regardless of religion so now what
I want to do is I want to talk about the
great societal this great societal
crises that could be solved or at least
greatly reduced by keeping sex within
the framework of a monogamous and
lifelong marriage so I'm not gonna say
anything you'll notice I'm not gonna say
anything about sin or avoiding hell or
anything like that it's a different
discussion from the one that I'm gonna
have right now I want to talk about the
temporal practical benefits of this
course and I think that you know it's a
very difficult thing when we look at our
cultural problems and we say how are we
gonna solve these problems but then at
the outset we rule out the most
effective solutions and it seems like
we're always doing that you know there's
like the the fundamental basic solution
that gets right to the root of the
problem but we rule that out we always
rule those solutions out because those
are lifestyle solutions those are
solutions that require sacrifice and
effort and hard work and so we rule
those how do we say no no not not that
but let's find something a little bit
further up on the tree right the weekend
with the you know let's find a solution
that's a little bit further up here
that's a little bit closer to the
surface a little bit more superficial
and therefore easier and I just don't
think I just don't think it works I
think we have to get to the root of it
and and and that's the only way to solve
some of these problems so let me let me
go through a list here of a few of the
problems that could be saw
or as I said reduced anyway by saving
sex for marriage
number one pretty obvious fatherlessness
okay there there are basically three
ways that a child can end up in a
fatherless home one is divorce we'll
talk about that in a minute the other is
death and obviously we can't death can't
be solved in any in any way so that
that's always gonna be an issue
but both of those categories are in the
minority in fact the number of never
married single mothers that is single
mothers who got pregnant out of wedlock
that number is greater than the number
of divorced and widowed single mothers
combined
okay so fatherlessness and all of the
terrible consequences that come with it
Prison drug abuse you know dropping out
of school all the mental health problems
you know all of these things that that
many times stem from fatherless all that
could be cut in half through abstinence
number two divorce
so divorce itself you know that's
another way that a kid will end up in a
single-parent home and divorce itself if
we save saving sex for marriage as a
society that could greatly reduce
divorce studies have consistently shown
that marriages between people who have
never had sex with anyone else
virgin marriages we call them those are
less likely to lead to divorce than
marriages between previously sexually
active people in fact even marriages
between people who were previously
sexually active only with each other so
cohabitate you know people who
cohabitate shack up together before
getting married those arrangements are
more likely to lead to divorce than
couples who you know wraps it before
marriage and didn't live together before
marriage 3 poverty so now we can tie
together the first two items on the list
simple fact of the matter is the
statistics are pretty clear on this
children are four times as likely to be
impoverished if they live in
single-parent homes the statistics are
there are only eight percent of children
in married households are poor while
over 40 percent of children in
single-parent households usually single
mother households are poor that's an
incredible that is a incredible
statistic yet almost half of the kids in
single-parent homes are are poor well
you have a very tiny minority in married
households who are poor III think maybe
maybe that's something we should look at
and considering that most of those
children were born to unwed mothers the
connection between poverty and sex
before marriage I think should be pretty
evident number four STDs
we are currently experiencing an STD
epidemic in our country sexually
transmitted diseases are at record highs
across the country there are more
reported cases of chlamydia more cases
of gonorrhea more cases of syphilis
syphilis than ever before
and here again obviously you save sex
for marriage you don't have to worry
about this to two people who have sex
who's safe sex for marriage and then
keep sex within marriage they don't have
to worry about this problem at all they
can just they can laugh it off as far as
they're concerned don't have to worry
about it so it's a wonderful thing
No well your when you're in a cup when
you're in a committed marriage and
you're in a faithful marriage so it's a
wonderful thing you don't the word it's
a have you no fear not not a problem not
an issue right number five abortion
according to the Guttmacher Institute
which is a pro-abortion Institute only
fourteen percent of the women who
procured an abortion last year were
married that means that the abortion
rate could be cut by eighty six percent
if sex were saved for marriage and then
number six sexual assault I think could
be greatly reduced by saving sex for a
marriage now obviously you know getting
married isn't gonna protect a woman
absolutely from getting raped
nobody would claim that but I think the
strategy would reduce the problem in
places like college you know you know on
a college campus and in other
environments where assaults often occur
within the context of a booze-fueled
hookup culture so a woman can
significantly not completely but
significantly insulate herself from from
that risk by withdrawing herself from
that scene entirely
and if the hook-up culture were
abolished you know if it didn't exist
anymore on college campuses then the
problem of sexual assault on college
campuses would I mean it would all but
disappear
now
I know that their response oh so what's
the response to everything that I mean I
think there's a pretty clear argument
pretty pretty pretty logical right
there's there's there's no denying that
that these problems could be could be
very significantly addressed by saving
sex for marriage what's the argument
against it then well people will say
we'll say you know you could solve most
of these problems with with safe sex
right just just use contraception you
know it gets rid of most of these
problems but here's the thing and then
in the corollary to that is is well you
know we so we have to make contraception
birth control we have to make it more
available to people so that that will
cut down on these issues but here's
here's the thing about that
contraception is already readily
available everywhere you know anyone can
obtain some form of birth control for
low cost or no cost so the idea that we
need better access to birth control is
just it's idiotic anyone can go to any
gas station any convenience store any
drugstore any Walmart any target any
grocery store and get contraception for
very cheap I mean you can get it for
free in many medical clinics how much
more accessible can it possibly be how
much more accessible do you need it to
be do we need the government to start
doing air drops literally dumping vats
of condoms from the from the helicopters
like do they do we need to send out the
the National Guard to cities across the
merica
and cry across America in helicopters
with vats of condom just condoms just
dropping them sprinkling them across the
ground like a morning dew drop so that
when you walk out of your house in the
morning it's just it's it's littered
with birth control pills and condoms
would that be accessible enough no I'm
sure we even be told then even that's
not accessible enough it's not enough
access people are gonna say you know
what I I needed someone from the
government to walk into my house every
morning and place birth control into my
hand that's the out for free that's the
only way it'll be accessible I mean it's
just it
it's ridiculous it is this stuff is
extremely accessible people talk about
birth control you know it's like it's
like the feminists who say that they
need free birth control or they need
birth control to be covered by their
health insurance for free or whatever
they talk about birth control as if you
need six thousand dollars and some kind
of certification some sort of license to
buy a condom you don't it's ridiculous
this stuff is super available and super
cheap yet STD rates are skyrocketing
their historic highs fatherlessness is a
huge problem out of what out of wedlock
births is a huge problem abortion is a
huge problem and these problems are all
worse now than they were 50 years ago
when birth control really was hard to
come by how do you explain that I mean
we should see if if if access to birth
control is gonna solve these problems
considering birth control has become
much more accessible over the years we
should be able to look at a chart of
these other problems like STDs out of
wedlock births etc and we should you
know while birth control is doing this
the problem should be doing that right
that's what we should see like if
there's an actual but that's not what we
see in fact with a lot of these problems
it's more like this hmm
you know that that's something I mean
it's that's interesting isn't it
maybe
maybe there's no such thing as safe sex
outside of the bonds of a committed
marriage you know or do we need another
50 years of evidence before we've come
to that conclusion do we need another 50
years of shoving birth control down
everyone's throat and then seeing these
problems not only get worse we need
another figure we need like how much how
much more time do we need before we
could start drawing some obvious
conclusions maybe you know maybe safely
having sex with a stranger that you met
at a party is about as possible as
safely driving drunk you know yeah you
can mitigate some of the risk to some
extent by wearing a seatbelt
even if you're driving drunk now if
you're getting if you get behind the
wheel of a car completely plastered you
might say it's it's safer if you put a
seatbelt on just as you can mitigate
some of the risk to some extent by
wearing a condom but the act itself in
both cases is fundamentally reckless and
dangerous and so really the only safe
course of action is to just not do it
you know think about it we're saying to
16-year olds like he got six he got you
know whatever sophomores juniors in high
school and we're saying hey if you're
gonna do this thing that could directly
result in pregnancy and life-altering
diseases do it safely and for us safe
means taking a drug or using a device
that will hopefully hopefully insulate
you maybe from some of the effects of
the act maybe again we should consider
this there is no safe sex
aside from sex with your spouse there's
no substitute for self-control
discipline fidelity there's no good
argument against self-control discipline
and fidelity other than the fact that
those things require effort but that's
not an argument that's just a complaint
let me mention one other thing people
will say that that abstinence before
marriage is is unrealistic and you know
first of all I could just as well say
that safe sex is unrealistic because
obviously a lot of people just aren't
willing to take those precautions I mean
you could talk about safe sex all you
want pretty clearly well many people are
just not they're not gonna do it so
can't I make the same argument and say
that and say that the safe sex thing is
unrealistic and and I could and I also I
think it's relevant here to point out
that um that that just because a
solution is challenging doesn't mean
that it's wrong in fact the fact that
it's challenging is evidence that it's
right because there are no easy
solutions for difficult problems if life
has taught us anything it's that you
cannot solve difficult problems easily
if the solution is easy that's a good
indication that it's not a real solution
so when someone says I'm gonna solve
your obesity with a pill that sounds
great if someone says you know sit on
the couch eat whatever you want make no
changes here's a pill I'll solve your
obesity that's a pretty good indicator
that that's what we call too good to be
true if a person's solution for obesity
does not include diet and exercise then
their solution may be fun but it's not a
good solution and I think that principle
holds just pretty much with every big
problem you can think of so so there's
that but I will admit that as things are
currently set up in society
abstinence before marriage as things are
currently set up with out with our
society the way it is now abstinence
before marriage is an extremely
difficult proposition difficult because
humans you know the way that we work is
that we develop intense sexual desires
at the time of puberty which is around
13 or so but the average age of marriage
for men is almost 30 and for women it's
almost 28 so so so to be abstinent
before marriage requires according to
the average trajectory it requires 15
years of celibacy and those 15 years
happen to be the 15 years when the
desire for sex is the strongest and we
also happen to live in a society where
sex is being pushed in front of your
face constantly every day so it is
indeed quite a quite a big thing to ask
of somebody you know to expect a guy to
go through 15 years feeling the intense
desire for physical companionship with
will with women and and and in the midst
of a sex-crazed culture and yet to
remain celibate the whole time you know
that is a that that's a that's a big
thing to to ask of somebody and most
people aren't able to do that aren't you
know willing to do it so so so they
become sexually active years and years
before marriage is even on the table
it's not just that it become sexually
active before marriage they become
sexually active before marriages even is
even you know a possibility and then we
have all these problems that I mentioned
before
so then what's the solution well here's
one get married earlier you know this
idea of waiting forever to get married
is very new it's a very Western this
idea that marriage should be kind of the
the capstone of young adulthood
again very new very Western it's not the
way it used to be
marriage was the foundation the
cornerstone of young adulthood like he
got married right at the beginning of
young adulthood and and it was it was
the kind of first step in the door of
adulthood and then from there you did
everything else that that's how it used
to be and now we've taken it and we put
it at the very at the end this is not
how our ancestors handled it even just
in the 1960s the average age of marriage
for women was 20 for men it was 21 or 22
and this also meant you know that makes
a lot more sense biologically as well
because a woman's a woman's most fertile
aindre age range is 20 to 24 and then
her fertility declines dramatically in
her 30s but now we wait until our 30s to
get married then ever everyone's
wondering then why they can't get
pregnant and now while you know
everyone's going to fertility clinics
and everything say like what's going on
nobody can get pregnant well it's
because everyone is spending their most
fertile periods having sex with
strangers and then when they finally
settle in with a spouse and they say
let's start a family
they can't anymore I mean just this
whole strategy it makes no sense it
doesn't work it's dysfunctional on every
level it's just the way that we approach
sex and relationships and marriage it's
dysfunctional it's not working it's it's
bad it's just there's no it's not
working look at the evidence
so even though I know you know this
isn't gonna happen I think if we're
really talking about real solutions what
we would start advocating for we have
the Kate for two things absent is before
marriage and earlier marriage right
that's what we that's what we would add
if we if we're really serious about
because here's here's the important
point there is no solution to these
problems that does not include a drastic
lifestyle change
and address the cultural change
there there is no solution that will
alleviate us of the you know from the
need to to make those kinds of changes
you
telling everyone to use contraception
that's not a cultural change that's not
a lifestyle change and so that's why
it's not working because our these
problems stemmed from not you know not
just obviously physically they begin
with the sexual act but but at a deeper
level they stem from certain lifestyle
choices that we make now and cultural
attitudes that we have about marriage
sex relationships we have to change
those attitudes and those those
lifestyles
and again if we're not willing to do
that if we're ruling that out as a
possibility then we're just not going to
solve any of these problems and we might
as well stop talking about it
and we might as well just accept that I
mean you could talk about safe sex all
you want but people are going to use a
condom they're not gonna use it kind of
whatever they do whatever they want to
do and I mean one way or another look
one one way or another if we are
if we are just accepting that people are
gonna have sex for 15 years before they
ever get married you know then we're
just accepting the fact that all these
problems are gonna are gonna be very
common so let's talk about real
solutions that's my that's my proposal
and you know I know nobody's gonna
take me up on it but I thought it'd
throw it out there anyway thanks for
watching nobody thanks for listening and
have a great weekend Godspeed
you
