a lot of chakras are going out of
alignment today a lot you can do here it
happening all the crystals in the
chakras just going out a lot of people
they were doing their Sun Salutations
now they're doing downward-facing dog
because the Dalai Lama is defending
nationalism in Europe this is a
beautiful thing it's one of those news
stories where do I care what the Dalai
Lama says not really do I even care that
much about what's going on in European
politics not really but when these
things align up like this it is just too
good because every little hippie dippie
unshowered you know wild-haired weirdo
walking around Los Angeles with their
Bernie bumper stickers on is now gonna
be very upset they all do yoga yoga has
become the the Church of Millennials and
the Dalai Lama defending nationalism
which makes perfect sense he probably
was listening to our show yesterday and
that's why he did it because we've been
talking about nationalism now for a
couple of days and and by the way if
that I don't know if the Dalai Lama is
looking for a new job but my own church
the Catholic Church could use some new
bishops and its ends like this Gaius at
least right about a few things so and
maybe it consider applying the Dalai
Lama was a conference in Sweden
yesterday this was three days after the
right wing party in Sweden which is
called the Sweden Democrats I see why
that's confusing but they're the right
wing party there they did very well in
the general elections and so he was
speaking in Sweden and he I think the
left was expecting him to say look for
reject right-wing politics didn't open
borders man come on let's all you know
kumbaya but he didn't say that he said
quote Europe belongs to the Europeans
receive them help them educate them but
ultimately they should develop their own
country with regard to the Islamic
refugees the immigrants who are over
there Europe
belongs to the Europeans this is a
truism this shouldn't be a controversial
statement of course that's true Europe
belongs to the Europeans America belongs
to the Americans China belongs to the
Chinese why that's that is the Nick the
definition of the nation but now to say
that is controversial it's seen as
racist I don't know how it's racist
there are a lot of different races in
Europe but somehow that's considered
racist now because you have floods and
floods of Islamic migrants coming across
borders and
and flooding these countries in many
cases invading these countries with the
protection of the European Union with
the encouragement of the European Union
