according to the editorial board at the
Washington Post President Trump is
responsible for hurricanes he rocks you
like a hurricane
president Trump apparently threw
flatulence alone can generate hurricanes
here is what the Washington Post says
this is their editorial board but don't
worry they're not generating a feeling
of extreme rhetoric with regard to
politics in any way shape or form
politics is the be-all end-all here's
what they say quote yet again a massive
hurricane of feeding off unusually warm
ocean water has the potential to stall
over heavily populated areas
menacing millions of people last year
hurricane Harvey battered Houston now
hurricane Florence threatens to drench
already waterlogged swaths of the East
Coast including the nation's capital if
the category 4 hurricane does indeed hit
the Carolinas this week it will be the
strongest storm on record to land so far
north
president Trump issued several warnings
on his Twitter feed Monday counseling
those in Florida in Florence's projected
path to prepare and listen to local
officials that was good advice yet when
it comes to extreme weather mr. Trump is
complicit he's complicit apparently the
hurricane calls up the president and the
president's like listen I can't help you
out hurricane but what I can do is I can
keep my mouth shut I will be complicit
in your sins hurricane he plays a parent
so it used to be the Democrats blamed
the udin for the weather where we got
that from from that Democrat crazy
person in Washington DC the Jews were
responsible for the weather now
President Trump is controlling the
weather is this meme on Twitter where
you say something like president Trump I
can't believe he just did flips through
notebook and then you land on some
random thing I said it flipped through I
can't believe that he's responsible for
flips through notebook dog abandonment
right this is this is that right
I can't believe President Trump is
responsible for flips through notebook
hurricane hey here's what they say he
plays down humans role in increasing the
risks he continues to dismantle efforts
to address those risks and now it should
be straight if President Trump signed on
to every leftist proposal on global
warming today it would have no impact on
hurricanes today none okay so that
hurricane would still be a comin down
the pike
okay but they say it is hard to
attribute any single weather event to
climate change which is their admission
they have no way to actually attribute
this hurricane to climate change that's
not going to stop them there is no
reasonable doubt that humans are priming
the Earth's systems to produce disasters
well I mean there's some reasonable
doubt about the level to which
humans are doing that and the solutions
that can be taken with regard to it in
fact in one second I'm gonna give you
all the evidence but the Washington Post
continues they say atmospheric research
they are Kevin Kevin Trenberth a climate
researcher at the National Center for
Atmospheric Research co-wrote a may
paper showing that Harvey's cataclysmic
wetness came from the unusual hot Gulf
of Mexico water that fed the hurricane
before it slammed into Texas Harvey
could not have produced so much rain
without human induced climate change he
and his colleagues concluded now
Florence is feasting on warm atlantic
ocean water all of which by the way
drove the president to say that this
hurricane was extremely hard and
extremely wet which was very weird
now Florence is feasting on warm Atlanta
goshen water says the Washington Post
the ocean is warming up systematically
mr. Trenberth said explaining through
national national natural variation can
turn surface temperatures up or down a
bit
the oceans energy content is inexorably
rising it is the strongest signal of
global warming mr. Trenberth added it's
very weird how everything bad that
happens is ineffective global warming if
it's bad snowstorms it's an effect of
global warming if demand hurricane it's
an effect of global warming again I'm
not somebody who believes that humans
are not contributing to global warming I
think that humans probably are
contributing to global warming by all
available evidence the question is what
is the climate sensitivity how much are
humans contributing to global warming
and what can actually be done about that
is maybe the best idea technological
progress as opposed to cap-and-trade
systems that are actually not going to
mitigate the effects of global warming
in any serious way but the the
Washington Post nonetheless blames the
presidents of the United States they say
the Trump administration has now
attacked all three pillars of President
Barack Obama's climate change plan
except that when Barack Obama had his
plan the Hurricanes were still hitting
the United States so this is quite silly
also it is worth noting that hurricanes
single major hurricanes in the United
States are at about their average
because the the it's funny the the
latest line that you were hearing for a
while what you're hearing from the left
was then the number of hurricanes is
increasing that's not true the number of
hurricanes is not increasing
