I remember 9/11 pretty well even though
I was very young I was 11 years old on
September 11 so I was in my 6th grade
classroom in New York a lot all of our
parents basically most of our parents
worked in the city I was up in the
suburbs and I remember it clearly
I remember the strongest memory I have
of that day was President Bush sitting
in the Oval Office addressing the nation
that night and he articulated perfectly
what we all were feeling good evening
today our fellow citizens our way of
life our very freedom came under attack
in a series of deliberate and deadly
terrorist acts the victims were in
airplanes or in their offices
secretaries businessmen and women
military and federal workers moms and
dads friends and neighbors thousands of
lives were suddenly ended by evil
despicable acts of terror the pictures
of airplanes flying into buildings fires
burning huge huge structures collapsing
have filled us with disbelief terrible
sadness and a quiet unyielding anger
disbelief terrible sadness and a quiet
unyielding anger that is precisely what
New York felt that day it's precisely
what the rest of America felt that day
it's what we still feel I've never heard
anyone articulate that feeling better
than President Bush did in that speech
because I think a lot of times what we
hear is we shouldn't feel that anger
anymore oh let's let the anger go away
and let's just you know let's just come
together and okay it's not let's don't
be angry but a lot of us feel that today
and a lot of us feel that today because
justice still has not been fully
completed there are five animals sitting
down at Guantanamo Bay right now five
animal terrorists who participated in
that attack they have not been tried
it's been battled around as if are they
going to be tried and at what time obey
are they gonna be tried in Manhattan
back and forth and back and forth they
need to be swiftly tried and executed
and the President Trump could do a great
service to the matters of justice if he
were able to hasten that along because
we still feel that anger we still feel
that justice hasn't quite been done
