PETA which stands for people who are
absolutely out of their ever loving
minds and really need to get some form
of therapy and then a useful job all
right has now declared that milk is the
perfect drink for white supremacists yes
the same organization that fought the
noble fight to get the pictures of
animals on the boxes of animal crackers
freed from the pictures of circus cages
has now turned its attention to the evil
practice of drinking the milk of cows
instead of letting the cow sell their
own milk so they can afford to buy masks
and dress up as human beings and escape
into the wild something like that I
actually have no idea what these people
want they're obviously nuts but here is
a real not made-up quote from an article
on Peters website entitled why cow's
milk is the perfect perfect drink for
supremacists quote as when Christoph
Waltz's character in inglorious basterds
drinks a glass of milk and a character
in a pivotal scene of get out sips the
cow secretion dairy milk has long been
embraced as a symbol of white supremacy
unquote we have the Daily wire called
PETA to ask what that blithering lee
ungrammatical sentence could possibly
mean and whether they realize they had
just cited two recent fictional stories
as evidence of something that doesn't
exist and whether they understood they
were as loony as drugged baboons PETA
spokeswoman Napoleon Bonaparte well she
said she was Napoleon Bonaparte
responded quote the blithering
ungrammatical nature of the sentence is
our way of symbolizing that we are
bat-crap crazy now excuse me while I
conquer Europe unquote she then put on
her Napoleon hat and rode away on a
broomstick which she pretended was a
horse the PETA article goes on to claim
that milk cows are kept alive under
terrible circumstances that prevent them
from serving mankind as tasty hamburgers
I think that's what the article said I
didn't really understand it who could
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
this is the Glaven shop honky-tonkin tea
this is the play Michelle tickety-boo
this is the Clavin show birds they be
singing Joe also be winging yo no easy
and craving dough this is the craving
shop tickety-boo
funk indeed up a deep yeah we are
nothing if not up to date never never
say that this is a show it's behind the
times the mailbag is tomorrow so you
know what that means that means that you
go on daily wire comm press the podcast
button press the Andrew Klavan podcast
there is a mailbag there and if you
press that you can ask your questions
and I will answer all of them no matter
what they're about your personal life
your religious thoughts your political
ideas I don't answer all those questions
and my answers are guaranteed by the god
king himself they are guaranteed a
hundred percent correct and will change
your life on occasion for the better you
have to be a subscriber and you know
what if you're a subscriber first of all
you get another Kingdom you could have
gotten it yesterday now you have to wait
till Friday if you're not a subscriber
and we have almost reached the Daily
wires almost reached 1 million
subscribers and so the one millionth
subscriber on YouTube sorry 1 million
subscribers on YouTube 1 million
subscriber gets absolutely nothing right
we don't mean either but you'll know in
your heart that you were the million but
all right we got Janelle is coming up to
talk about transgenderism but what she
knows about that I don't know she'll
talk about the legal aspects of
transgendered is she'll be and I like
the fact you know we we now have this
position where we have an earlier
interview sometimes if something is
breaking news and we call it the Jenna
spot because it's so often it's Jenna so
today we have Jenna in the Genesis Posse
should fit very neatly in there since
it's made just for her meanwhile it's
your last week to get the gym you sell
sunspot corrector for free for sunspots
age spots and even red inflamed patches
this could be yours for free with the
purchase of genja sell the brand new
Jennie sell sun spot corrector most
outstanding reviews it really is amazing
makes your
sunspots virtually vanished you can get
stuff for you the bags under your eyes -
takes off the moisture makes the bags
get less this is the last week and get
this sunspot miracle free time is
running out to take advantage of this
offer and watch your sunspots vanish and
your bags and puffiness will be gone for
results in as little as 12 hours the
genja sell immediate effects is also
yours free here's the how you get it you
text eyes one two seven seven four five
three that's ayes one two seven seven
four five three to get the genuine
genuine spot corrector free with your
order don't miss out on this incredible
offer order now and as a bonus receive
receive chemin ease luxury
microdermabrasion also free rejuvenate
and unclog pores for instantly radiant
baby soft skin just text eyes one two
seven seven four five three ey es one
two seven seven four five three to get
the genius el Sun spot corrector free
with your order so you know I talk a lot
about narrative right narrative shapes
the way we think of things we don't even
know it's happening
if the people who control the narrative
think on the left they actually think
they are controlling reality that's not
true
reality is a narrative of its own and
will always altom utley trump fake
narratives but fake narratives can do a
lot of damage this narrative about race
all the Democrats have the economy is
doing great our foreign policy is really
working good judges will obey the law
being appointed Trump is doing a
fantastic job as president of the United
States no matter what his personal flaws
he is doing a good job the only thing
they've got is this narrative about race
and the effect that it has is really
pernicious it really shapes people's
minds in ugly ways and it does it even
if you fight back especially if you
fight back by calling them hypocrites
because then you're buying into the
narrative if they say oh you're a racist
and you you know you white man and you
say what you called me a white man
you're a racist that's buying into the
narrative that we should be looking at
each other in terms of the color of our
skins it's like putting on it's like
looking at the world through a pane of
glass it's pointing out that only allows
you to see people by the color of their
skins but what if we take that pane of
glass away
what do we see then and this is what I
want to talk about this in terms of this
Caravan they call it or invasion if you
will of migrants coming our way a lot of
them from Honduras some of them now they
say it's almost 7000 strong they say
people are joining this and you know I
don't want to join in in the kind of
nasty right-wing tone where we talk
about oh I hate these people there you
know a lot of them are probably refugees
a lot of them are probably are running
away the rule about a refugee is the
first free country you come to is the
one you have to apply for refugee status
you can't walk through Mexico and come
to the United States and say oh I'm
desperate to get out because if you were
desperate you would have applied for
refugee status in Mexico so none of this
stuff is legitimate it was arranged you
know there's a piece in The Wall Street
Journal comparing it to the Mariel
boatlift that was in 1980 you ever saw
the movie Scarface with Al Pacino that's
about the Mariel boatlift that
essentially a Castro emptied his prisons
and poured these people into boats and
they all came over and we wanted to take
them in we wound up with all these
people some of whom were really bad guys
in Miami paid the price and that if you
watch that movie Scarface that's what
it's about
with the usual Oliver Stone left-wing
nonsense thrown in but you know this
this one was this Caravan was organized
by a guy named Bart elif when taze who
is a communist Nalepa he's from the
Libre Party and he's the guy Libre is
the party of the former President Manuel
Zelaya
who was an ally of Venezuela and Cuba is
basically a red you know there's a red
guy and he tried to stay in office to
override the Honduran Constitution to
remain an office despite a term limit
the Honduran Congress his own party the
supreme court the Catholic Church all
opposed him and he finally was removed
by the military and never returned to
power in spite of the fact that someone
tried to keep him in power namely the
Barack Obama administration but he
didn't make it in that way so he
organized this stuff as a way of getting
at us as a way of getting in America it
then got out of control that got bigger
than he thought it was he was just
bringing together disparate people who
wanted to get out but that means that
someone is funding this we don't know
who it was you know we don't know who
was paid
for these people to come together but
someone is so alright here's what the
our evil president is saying about
people who try to get into this country
illegally we simply cannot allow people
to pour into the United States
undetected undocumented unchecked and
circumventing the line of people who are
waiting patiently diligently and
lawfully to become immigrants in this
country okay that was the evil president
that was actually the evil president
what I meant was Trump III can
understand I confused you on that one
but let's get Trump on the my caravan
got six but we asked them to keep their
people in their country they're unable
to do it
go make America great again take your
camera go into the middle and search
you're gonna find ms-13 you're gonna
find Middle Eastern you're gonna find
everything and guess what
we're not allowing them in our country
so he's saying this he's saying this is
these rallies yesterday he had one for
Ted Cruz was pretty funny we'll try and
get back to that but he had one for Ted
Cruz first of all the number of people
at these rallies is insane I mean it's
insane
he's packing these stadium size venues
and people are outside waiting and
watching on screens if this is a blue
wave coming I'm dr. Seuss I gotta say
this is this I do not believe that this
is not telling of what's going on but
anyway here is the New York Times a
former newspaper reporting on what Trump
is doing and this is indicative of all
reporting it's not just the times it is
they're all the left-wing reporters are
doing this Trump and GOP candidates
escalate race and fear as election ploys
now did you hear him mention race in
there did he say a word about the race
of the people coming over no he didn't
he said but President Trump this is a
headline president Trump on Monday sorry
this is the lead President Trump on
Monday sharply intensified a Republican
campaign campaign to frame the midterm
elections as a battle over immigration
and race issuing a dark and factually
baseless warning that unknown Middle
Easterners were
toward the American border with Mexico
first of all Sarah Sanders said that at
least ten Middle Easterners come in
almost every day or every week I can't
remember which which she said but that's
not the point
obviously this has been a worry ever
since 9/11 that terrorists would use our
open borders our unprotected borders to
slip people in there has never been a
terrorist attack committed by an illegal
immigrant one guy who came in I think
from samaya did go up to Canada and try
something but that has not been a thing
but that doesn't mean that that's not
something we should worry about so when
they say it's factually baseless they
should take Trump's advice and go down
there they're a newspaper go down and
find out if what he's telling the truth
if they're gonna tell us there are no
criminals if they come across the border
they are criminals I mean so that's
ridiculous and we know we know that
people that criminals come in listen you
know I for research on writing my crime
novels I have visited the federal prison
here and and prisons state prisons and
let me tell you something a lot of the
people in those prisons are illegal
immigrants factually bases is just
nonsense and what has it got to do with
race what has it got to do with race let
me pause there for just a minute and
talk about helix sleep or as I call it
helix comfortably awake because I never
sleep but if you go I on a helix pillow
or a helix mattress you are going to be
incredibly comfortable you guys won't
feel it because you'll be out like a
light because it's so comfortable you'll
just fall right asleep but I can tell
you I can testify to the fact that it is
really comfortable because I'm awake all
night helix sleep what they did is they
built a sleep quiz that takes two
minutes to complete and they use the
answers to match your body type and
sleep preference to the perfect mattress
just go to helix sleep calm slash Clavin
take their two-minute sleep quiz and
they'll match you to a mattress that
will give you the best sleep of your
life four couples helix can even split
the mattress down the middle providing
individual support needs and feel
preferences for each side right now
helix is offering up to a hundred and
twenty five dollars off all mattress
orders if you get up if you go to helix
sleep sleep calm slash Clavin at helix
sleep calm slash Clavin you will get a
hundred and twenty five dollars off your
mattress
order that's helix sleep dot-com slash
Clavin
you can sleep like a log on these things
or you can lie awake and ask yourself
the big questions like how do you spell
Clavin it's que la vie aan so it's all
about race as far as they're concerned
although Trump has said nothing about
race the unsubstantiated charge marked
an escalation of mr. Trump's efforts
says in the New York Times to stoke
fears about foreigners and crime ahead
of the December six vote as he did to
great effect in the presidential race
well why why are these fears like
irrational fears I mean why aren't these
concerns what is the argument for
letting 7,000 people march across our
border and you know he says mr. Trump
and other Republicans are insistently
seeking to tie Democrats to unfettered
immigration and violent crime well let's
pause there for a minute we had the
picture of keith Ellison do we have the
the imagery there he is he's wearing a
t-shirt that says I don't believe in
borders it says that in Spanish keith
Ellison who may lose his race by the way
is not is not a low-level Democrat he is
a major major Democrat the New Democrats
of course they believe in open order in
open borders the old Democrats played it
safe they used it as an issue as we saw
Obama do but they never did anything
about it and one of the truly shameful
moments of the Democrat Party is Chuck
Schumer waving that pin around say what
do you mean you want us to pass a law
we're just the Senate of the United
States we don't pass laws we wave pins
around so the president can make Fiats
mate like a king and solve this problem
for us they have been sitting on their
hands for generations at this point they
do nothing to solve this problem and if
you don't think the new generation of
Democrats believes in open borders let's
just have as a reminder let's listen to
Alexandria Google eyes Cortez talking
about abolishing ice
need to make sure that our borders are
secure to make sure that people are safe
and passage but what we need to realize
and remember is that ice was established
in 2003 right at the same time as a
Patriot Act the AUMF the Iraq war and we
look back at a lot of that time and
legislation as as a mistake now and I
think that ice is right there as a part
of it it has extra it's extrajudicial
nature is baked in to the structure of
the agency and that is why they're able
to get away with black you know with
black sites out our border with a
separation of children we are we are
committing human rights abuses on this
border and separating children from
their families and what that you know is
is part of the structure of the agency
we can replace it and we can replace it
with a humane agency that is directed
towards safe passage what inventive
action although the criminalization we
are committing human rights abuses by
enforcing our borders I should be taking
care of safe passage
safe passage if that's not open borders
I don't know what is so there's so far I
mean look Trumpy does have that Carney
Barker thing where he blows everything
out of proportion but he's not telling
lies like Obama told like if you want
your doctor you can keep your doctor or
your premiums are gonna go down or Bill
Ayers the terrorist is just a guy in the
neighborhood you know or or there's not
a smidgen of corruption at the IRS he's
not telling lies like that he is talking
about a genuine situation there is no
argument look and again this is not a
lack of sympathy on my part it's there
is no argument for allowing a wave of
people to come into this country
illegally there just isn't so they go on
and they say it's not just Trump who's a
racist it's all the Republicans in
upstate New York Republican political
groups have aired ads branding a
Democratic congressional candidate
Antonio Delgado who is black as a
big-city rapper and accusing him of
seeking to give government handouts in
quotes to food stamp recipients you know
this is the other thing whenever they
want to cut food stamps the New York
Times immediately runs front-page
stories saying that most people who get
food stamps are white are white but now
food stamps is a hot dog whistle as they
say for racism they just are imposing
what
happens what happens when you just
refuse to accept this narrative what
happens when you come out from behind
the scrim you come out from behind that
pane of glass that they've put in front
of us so that we have to look at each
other
nope the reason this narrative works is
because it's primitive they call
themselves progressive but they want us
to go back to the days when everything
was race when race was the big deal but
in fact if you come out from behind that
pane of glass and you look at the world
without race if you just say hey I'm not
gonna pay attention to race everything
becomes about behavior everything then
becomes about culture and behavior and
then you can say hey I criticized that
behavior because this this and this
because it's immoral it is wrong to
break into a person's country as it is
wrong to break into a person's house
when you start to look at behavior then
a lot of the favored actors of the
Democrat Party get criticized that's why
they're in the Democrat Party because
the Democrats will use racism to protect
their bad behavior that is what
Democrats essentially do that's
essentially their entire strategy look
nothing Trump is doing now nothing Trump
is doing is outside the bounds of
American politics he is Trump everything
he does is outsized even his mistakes
are out sighs the way he talks is out
sighs but but you cannot let seven to
ten thousand people march across your
border because it just means there'll be
another seven to ten thousand people and
we do not know yet we do not know who is
using these people right you know a lot
of these people are innocents and
they're just trying to get get to do
what's right for their family but we
don't know yet we know that they were
organized at first by this communists we
don't know who is funding them or paying
them to get them across the border we
just don't know and all this
fear-mongering the real fear-mongering
is on the left let's say it's Jena with
us let us bring on Jenna Ellis I
shouldn't have to actually look at your
introduction anymore Jenna she's the
director of the Dobson Policy Center
she's a contributor to the Washington
Examiner the Federalist I am The Daily
wire and her book is called the legal
basis for a moral Constitution a guide
for Christians to understand America's
current constitutional crisis Jenna do
you know that we now call this the Jenna
spot did I tell you that we had Mike
Duran on yesterday and I said to Rob
just put them in the genes--
but you know it's like so so so the New
York Times runs this hilarious headline
trends transgender could be defined out
of existence under Trump administration
and one of their editors from Washington
and assistant editor from Washington
tweeted this out as if this were an
actual you know like I kind of genocide
we were destroying transgender people
what is this all about why are they
doing this
right and you know the hashtag was we
won't be eradicated what's amazing is
that if if Trumpkin can just eradicate
an entire segment of the population
through a piece of paper then you know
that the civil rights movement would
have never achieved anything oh yes it
probably would have been easier for
Hitler right absolutely absurd and
what's really going on is that the
definition of gender and sex has never
been in our federal government ever
legislatively determined by Congress so
we're in this kind of national debate
right now as whether sexual orientation
or sex or gender identity and
transgender status is within the
protected class of sex when we're
talking about gender discrimination
under title 9 and so that's what we're
talking about and the Department of
Health and Human Services
I had a memo that has now been released
through this New York Times article
that's basically saying we're gonna go
back to pre Obama era regulations and
policy
this isn't Trump airily defining
anything this is going back to saying
that gender is defined as biological in
beautiful characteristics based on
genitalia that's how it's always been
for 6,000 years in the longest you know
humans have been has been in existence
until until the Obama era policy
expanded that definition to include
sexual orientation gender identity and
transgender status and so what the New
York Times is trying to define the
narrative as it's just basically say
that Trump and his administration are
being bigoted and eradicating
transgenderism but really all this
happening
he is properly rolling back Obama era
regulate with I mean you really could
have run a more honest headline saying
that the left is trying to define gender
out of existence right I mean that that
that that was the basis for the
anti-discrimination idea in the first
place don't discriminate on the basis of
sex right absolutely I mean I mean this
is the New York time so do they ever
really have any said that this is going
back to you biological definition that
doesn't have social policy anywhere in
it and so so what we're talking about
gender-based discrimination and why we
have those types of labor laws why we
have that in gender discrimination
education programs financial assistance
we're literally talking about the
difference between men and women we are
making sure that women are not
discriminated against that was the whole
idea of it and yet the left and their
social policy is wanting to expand that
definition but hey I can identify
however I want so so pretty soon like
you know and or I've been seeing these
of these memes about people who are
identifying as cats and dogs I mean is
that now going to become you know it's
gender based that my my gender identity
is that I'm a leper
ya know title nine it seems to me has
been used as a bludgeon to take away the
due process rights of men it has been
used the Obama administration went out
of them is there some world in which
title nine is useful does it do anything
for anybody does it help with anything
well you know fewer lives are always
better in my opinion so government here
what really needs to happen can make
sure that that title nine is
appropriately used and that we I mean
nobody wants to discriminate on the
basis of gender I think in 2018 we all
recognize that at least in first wave
feminism that's a good thing to make
sure that we have equality in that sense
but where this is where this really
needs to go is that Congress needs to
pick itself up by bootstraps and
actually say we're going to provide
federal legislation that defines gender
as biological and an immutable condition
and then all of the cases that are
currently
litigated under title nine a lot of
those would be much more effectively and
easily resolved it is it's an amazing
thought that we need our Congress to
legislate what a man and a woman is it
is indicative of the fact that we've
lost our minds I mean it all right all
right well Jenna thank you very much
thank you very much I would like to talk
about that I'm running out of time but
I'd like to talk about this title 9
think some more I've never been quite
sure whether it's a good or bad thing
because if it's the way it's demolished
certain sports for boys but we'll talk
laughs to talk about it another time
Jenna Ellis director of the Dobson
Policy Center the next-gen of spot
exactly exactly that is what the Jenna
spot is for that is why there is a gem
spot thanks very much Jenna it's always
good talking to all right we have got a
an interview with the evil Kirk
Schlichter I don't even know we had him
in our studio and this smell of sulfur
in the air but no the kayak was great
and he's hilarious he's got a new book
called militant normals but first we
have to say goodbye to Facebook and
YouTube come to the Daily wired.com
daily wire.com there's no though in
daily wire.com it is just daily wire
calm and when you come there you can be
in tomorrow's mail back hit the podcast
button hit the Andrew Klavan podcast hit
the mailbag ask me any question you want
my answer is guaranteed correct I mean
this is a lousy 10 bucks a month a lousy
ten bucks a month a hundred bucks for a
year you get another Kingdom left is
tears tumblr all your questions answered
and we'll even throw in the ben shapiro
show it's just to show you what it went
great guys we are all right come on over
to acquire calm
Kirt Schlichter is a pal and also a
successful trial lawyer as he will tell
you any chance he gets a retired army
infantry colonel as he will also tell
you a chance he gets
senior columnist for townhall.com
I love the guy's new book militant
normals how regular Americans are
rebelling against the elite to reclaim
our democracy it is out now here's Kurt
it's great to see you it's great to be
here I've been far too I know it's like
the only time I see people is when I
interview them I know we're like in Los
Angeles now what people don't understand
is that everything in Los Angeles though
is like an hour I know if good traffic
yeah it was like an hour coming I was
stuck in try was doing radio hits in
traffic on the way up here I'm like I'm
on the 405
so I'm angry and now you're asking me
about stripper Matlock so la all right
so aside from aside from how did you get
through security which actually we we
should check that out because you know
let's talk about the book is militant
normals great title what does it mean
well look I caused it that there are
really two classes in America and I
think I think there used to be a divide
over politics left and right and I think
it's much more class now because we are
seeing people on the right and you know
sometimes you call them never Trump errs
although I think that's a misleading
description
you see people who identify with the
values of those who kind of tend to run
our institutions run academia Hollywood
politics now I want to be and I call
them the elite in the book except
they're not really elite they're sort of
self-appointed elite the way they get to
be within the elite is they choose to be
within the elite so you can be a lead if
you you know have five degrees and
you're the president of a university but
you can also be within the elite if you
merely identified if you're that guy
sitting in Starbucks right he's got the
knit cap he's got a Chinese character
tattooed on that he thinks means luck
and it really means sucker and he
stalked it away on his a Mac Pro you
know about how Trump treason yeah
Russians are bad which and I've always
loved the new turnaround on Russians
being mad suddenly they're because I was
literally in the Cold War is literally
an Army officer in Germany when the Wall
fell and my mission was to die fighting
the Russian it was it was like hurt you
fight until you die and hopefully by
then we'll have sent the guys over and
of course the guys coming over the
normals these are the guys who built
this country feed this country fuel this
country defend this country and don't
want to take a huge day-by-day interest
in the running of the country I mean you
and I we follow politics on time because
we choose to most people want to follow
their kids little league team or they
want to you know barbecue with their
friends or they just don't go their
church or their synagogue they want to
live their life their way and they're
and they allow the elite to do the
running of society right and they take a
little off the top right it's your power
you get your prestige you know you get
your position you get some money and
that's okay with them just provide us
prosperity and security do a good job
and you can I'll leave you alone but
when they stop doing a good job that's
when people get militant we saw it at
the silent majority under Nixon we saw
it when Reagan was elected I think Ross
Perot was a of it although holdover give
him credit Bill Clinton I think
understood normal Americans better AR
Democrat the Biden's pretty good about
it - which is why he worries me for 2020
oh yeah and then the tea party of course
but the difference now with the tea
party you had the elite fighting back
instead of going we got to change a
little you know the Democrats became
more conservative after Ronald Reagan
because they saw his successful economy
they're like okay we need be a little
more serious about this stunt Clinton
exactly Clinton was a more moderate
Democrat it was a reaction to the normal
people saying this isn't working for us
ah with with the Tea Party you had kind
of the bipartisan elite because there
can be conservatives in the elite who
also want their power
and they kind of United push down this
rebellion but they didn't they didn't
fix the problem so it pops back up in
2016 and it's still going on here and
the big difference is you know the elite
used to respect normals they used to
think of the normal people is well maybe
they didn't honor all the values and
traditions that the the normals kind of
were the receptacle of you know I mean
the Kennedys would not get out there and
say I hate motherhood and I hate the
flag even though they lived in a way at
least hating mother they seem to like
the flag yep
not teddy but at least John if daddy
fought for it um but it's true Hollywood
used to make movies for the middle of
the country exactly look it's a
wonderful life yeah this is a movie this
exactly these are movies that celebrate
normal Americans Burton Ernie the cop
and the taxi driver in in a wonderful
life embodied what America is remember
they all went off to war what happened
why did they how did they lose the
trailer I think in the 60s we had a
fight with an alien and we had an old
elite that still held to that and we had
a young elite that kinda wanted to kick
him out of power and the way to do that
was to be countercultural to attack the
underlying assumptions and of course
they were fueled by the Frankfurt School
stuff that our mutual friend Michael
Walsh writes about still much better and
I dunno it's really good stuff it is
good stuff I actually say in the book
look if you want a series excellent an
exploration of in this go by Michael
Walsh this book because mine is not a
political science log I'm a political
science major a strategic studies degree
a law degree all that's baloney my book
is fun okay you're gonna laugh I make
fun of stupid people exactly I'm
obnoxious I I like to think it's very
bright party while also presenting a
coherent argument in a way to think
about what's going on okay at least a
deposit okay you got the normals you got
the elites how are they interacting
there's one way of thinking about it I
think it answers I think it's a good
general answer to the questions and of
course there are people who are you know
cross the lines so are there dangers to
this when you
about I mean I've always thought that
the people in this country as a kid I
wandered all around this country I was
shocked because I was an elite Coast
right I was shocked to find how smart
and and lovely and yeah honey they all
they all were but I also saw during the
tea party where they would throw up
candidates like Christine O'Donnell you
know I'm not a witch and all these could
not compete at the level of of the elite
politicians is there a danger that we're
going to do that again certainly because
like any human endeavor the normals
rebellion is going to have setbacks and
we're gonna make dumb choices Christina
thought was a dumb choice we should have
taken my castle right and I think I
talked about this in the book my castle
was a squish he was a soft Republican of
the kind that Delaware would elect okay
he's annoying he's like the Ella
Murkowski or a flake you can't really
trust him all the time but you trust
most of the time and you can trust him
most of the time when you need him you
know sometimes we sometimes like in any
human endeavor we let our emotion get
ahead of our cold ruthlessness looking
back I would be happy if we got read
Christine McDonough who probably would
have voted my way on everything except
for her fascination with Wiccan right
spell on you D party and have him but
look we're gonna make mistakes but we're
also gonna make good choices got Ted
Cruz we got Mike Lee I mean we've got
some outstanding folks and we're getting
rid of the Cruz Schilling hacks
flake is going away corker is going away
a lot of these guys are going away and
the Irwin's are scared and that's good
because you get to Washington you become
part of the elite suddenly you're
starting to think about okay what's in
it for me what I want them to think is
okay if I I can't play that I'm gonna
talk big out in Iowa and I'm gonna come
back here and vote like I'm from Marin
County okay I wanna we have the
technology we have social media to watch
these guys 24/7 this is going to force
them
to the right uh it also forces Democrats
harder than left you know I was talking
to Ann Coulter recently and she was
saying she's baffled by the fact that a
Trump won't build the wall which was her
big that was her big issue and that the
Republicans are just kind of like not
helping him when this seems to her to be
what got Trump elected does that
startled you there's a startled you that
they just kind of threw this overboard I
think it's human nature I think I think
when you're turning around a ship let's
see it's going to be a wide turnout I'm
frustrated and annoyed and angry and I
think the voters are too but I
understand a lot has to happen look I
was in the Army for twenty seven years
I know about big lumbering and efficient
institutions I could I was a commander
of battalion I was deputy commander
acting commander at a brigade okay's
5,000 people it's like a moving village
and you can't turn on a dime I mean when
we would plan you're taking the analogy
out but when we would plan you do
anything at the brigade level that's a
three-day thing move from here five
miles away that's a three-day operation
because it's 5,000 people look at the to
move our politics is a huge endeavor and
I and we have to understand we're not
gonna win every fight right now yeah I
think Trump is interesting and and good
because he understands power I think
better than a lot of these because more
willing to use power aggressively than
other people during me I'm firing
Rosenstein maybe I'm not fired Rose it's
theater maybe I ever maybe I will
I thought you know tactically I might
not make that choice this is one guy
who's not afraid to use power now he's
kind of got out there I think Rosa will
say I don't know by the time this
broadcast he may be gone
yeah maybe at federal prison what do you
where do you stand about Trump cuz
you've been you've been very supportive
of him but he obviously is can be
problematic all right buddy chapter one
of my book is about my conversion okay
from anti-trump I was never never Trump
I was never Jeb because I can't stand
that puffball I freaking jet good
throughout the book Jeb has an
exclamation
I do it tight at that it mostly always
are possibly the funniest exclamation
point in the history of Exim it is great
Tony Katz did most of the book I did
chapter one for the audiobook and every
time Jeb comes up I'm like yeah oh god I
hate that guy
but I was never never Trump I was anti
Trump okay uh but I was never Hillary
and Trump wasn't that conservatives an
ideological conservative drew I read the
National Review every week when I was in
a you know in the 80s that was that was
how we got conservatives oh sure that
was your conservative delivery system
you can go on the internet you wait
every two weeks and you got Buckley's
book right uh and magazine and then
later I read the Weekly Standard look we
all you know they've really stunk but uh
so Trump wasn't that guy but what Trump
was not that guy and I was like what the
hell is this guy now look I I I'm a blue
state trial lawyer I Drive a car that
cost more than my parents house Oh when
they bought it in San Mateo but you know
I and i I've got multiple advanced
degrees so I have I have the credentials
to be a lead like and I think for a
while maybe I was identifying this one
which is and yet I was always
sympathetic cuz my roots are in rural
Pennsylvania it's where my parents came
from my dad was chemical engineer my mom
was a judge and I was an Army officer
and I led normal American life and I I
just adored the troops
I just might my respect for these guys
was boundless I was always stunned that
they let me in the room much less be the
colonel uh and I think I fir
and I'm gonna take the blame here I
don't want to cast on anyone else but I
think I think my journey is kind of like
what some of the movement had I forgot
to think about what the effect was you
know I huge supporter of free trade but
then you got that guy in he's 58 and
he's in his
looming Tinnell annoying and he worked
at the he did to her in the Marines
Desert Storm now he's back and he's
worked for 25 years at the carrier plant
making air conditioners right and you
know he's got a kid in college and he's
got a mortgage and he's got to work
maybe 10 15 10 10 years at least and one
day a guy pulls up in the limousine he
looks a lot like Mitt Romney and he gets
out he goes well you got you know
according to Milton Friedman it makes
sense for me to send your jobs to walk
adios
everybody learned coding and what and
this guy's been a Republican forever but
this is the guy we asked to come out
right a guy and tell that telling people
with your church the only people with a
little league game soniku vote
Republican as heck yeah I'm gonna do
that but now he's I have a job and
what's our answer to all well you know
free markets I love free markets there's
a consequence what are we doing for our
people illegal immigration a lot of
people are saying well you know legal
immigration helps the economy massive
immigration is good I know I'm married I
married an immigrant
what about the guy who can't get a job
roofing out in Fontana yeah you know 60
miles from here a guy who wants to be a
roofer but he can't because all these
legals will work for 10 bucks an hour in
the contractors look I'd love to hire
you Joe love to hire you but I can't pay
you I can't compete if I don't hire
these guys and then then he's driving
his car home and he gets hit sideswiped
my guy and some crummy Corolla and the
guys in legal and he's got no insurance
a cop comes and the guy gets the guy's
illegal alien cock Rose I can't do
anything about it
the Dugas adios it drives away and now
now this guy he doesn't have a job now
he's got a $900 bill what do we what
does the Wall Street Journal say to him
well you know open borders is Milton
Friedman's I love no treatment okay
he doesn't pay for this guy's freaking
broken car it's absolutely free I'm
running out of time so I just want to
ask you well what do you think is coming
down the pike in the midterms I think
the Cavanaugh thing has the potential to
mobilize not only conservatives but
independents it is a
amazing injustice this disgraceful
disgusting
character assassination I think we need
to point out aggressively that every one
of you especially suburban women tending
who tend to vote Republican but the
Democrats are trying to peel off you've
got a son you've got a husband you've
got a brother and every single one of
them is vulnerable to lies if the
standard is somebody points to you and
says guilty and you're guilty if the
crucible becomes not a not a book you
read in high school but a how-to okay
your own people are gonna suffer is that
the world you want if it is vote
Democrat now I hope that I hope they
hear you Kurtz Lakers are great to see
you militant normals is the book and I'm
looking forward to reading it nobody
sent it to me but sexual follies
so at the Institute for Family Studies
Nicholas Wolfinger a sociology just at
the University of Utah concluded in his
study that Americans who remained
celibate until they were married were
quite likely to say they were in a very
happy marriage conversely women with the
lowest odds of marital happiness were
those with six to ten sexual partners in
their lives so it turns out the standard
wisdom was true you know I mean that
that is how often does that happen you
know I've been reading a lot about these
the way people form their moral opinions
and I've read this book called just
babies I'm reading the book now from
jonathan hate the righteous mind and I
love these guys they're studying how our
moral sense evolved but they don't
because they make we were talking about
this yesterday because they make the
assumption of materialism I don't think
they're doing the study properly and it
goes back to this idea of virginity
being the best thing especially for
women before marriage don't have sex
until you're married it will make you
happier both before and after you are
married and we always knew this and then
we forgot it in the 60s they declared it
to be suddenly untrue and everybody said
I yes we can't explain it so there we
can't make the argument for it and
therefore because of birth control and
therefore it must be wrong right that
was the argument the argument was oh
yeah that was in the old days when you
might get pregnant but now you won't get
pregnant anymore so it doesn't matter
anymore in these studies where they try
to figure out how people make moral
decisions they have a story called the
incest story and the incest story goes
like this to a brother and sister who
love each other very much are on a
camping trip they are alone in a cabin
and they decide that they would like to
have sex and so they use double birth
control as she's on the pill he uses a
condom they have sex once they enjoy it
it brings them closer together they
decide never to do it again and they
never tell anybody
is it wrong is it wrong and so in the
when they do the test
almost everybody says yes it's wrong and
then they ask them to explain why and
nobody can explain why because the
general wisdom is that incest is wrong
because it creates you know it crates
birth defects in the in the children and
that is
why we have this innate taboo against
incest and now that in this particular
case the fact that they are not going to
have children that they've used them
they're not going to do it again and
they're not gonna tell anybody
eliminates all the possible arguments
against this morally wrong being morally
wrong and yet people still still say
it's morally wrong and then they get
confused when they can't explain it
anymore and that basically the
scientists then say oh well it's not
morally wrong this was an evolutionary
idea caused to keep people from having
birth defects but now it's become
obsolete or at least as obsolete in this
situation I think that that is entirely
incorrect
we have developed a moral sense in the
same way we've developed eyesight okay
we look at things we see them the things
are there they may not look exactly like
we see them a glass like the one I'm
holding or a leftist tears tumbler like
the one at home is mostly empty space I
just see it as being a solid object but
that works in my human world right I'm
seeing it as a human experience as the
human experience of the leftist years
tumblr the same thing is true with
morality we see it sometimes we see the
wrong thing and we have to correct it
with reason that is why we have reason
one of the reasons we have reason but
that doesn't mean because we can't
explain it it isn't there the scientists
are making a mistake now my son Spencer
explained this to me
it's Aristotle here is we have him on
the show because if I could have my son
Spencer on the show I would have him but
instead I have a bust of Aristotle he
speaks about something called charisma
which means separation and this means
that when something is actually not
separable it actually is one thing but
in order to talk about it you separate
it okay so what the scientists are doing
is they are separating the moral
instinct from reason and they do this
because they're looking at things
evolutionarily historically they're
saying one came first and the other came
second but that doesn't matter we don't
make our moral decisions purely from our
moral sense and we don't make them
purely from reason they are one thing
the Corps is most is a fake is a false
strategy that we use in order to talk
about them but we can't really think
about ourselves that way
completely we actually see things more
than we know so what's wrong with the
story about incest okay is that when you
have sex with someone it changes your
relationship so the idea that they go on
and they just go back to being brother
and sister but feel better is a lie it's
not true see people are not spotting
that in the story the other thing is is
people don't have sex and then stop once
you have sex with someone you think oh
that's a fun thing and then you keep
doing it and thirdly a brother-sister
relationship is a thing it is a kind of
thing and when you violate the kind of
thing that it is you have set off all
kinds of shockwaves in the world that
you don't know how they're going to play
out in your relationship most people
know that when they have sex with
someone they have set down a road in
which they're either gonna end up
getting married or it's going to get
ugly one of those two things is going to
happen very rare that it happens
otherwise though sometimes it does so
the story itself is not an accurate
representation of reality so people are
reacting to reality which is that incest
is wrong and it really is destructive to
the relationship that a brother and
sister have but there but in the context
of the story which is a fantasy a
complete fantasy they can't explain why
their instinct is wrong say so when
people came to us and they said oh
marriage you don't have to have sex
everything marriage anymore because now
we have birth control and you won't get
pregnant they were telling a story about
the world that wasn't true and our moral
and our reason got befuddled and we
didn't trust our moral instincts moral
instincts can be wrong reason can
disprove a moral instinct racism for
instance may have made sense at some
tribal point in our in our society I
don't think it does any longer make
sense but before you tear down a
tradition figure out exactly why it's
there before you tear down the wall
figure out what's on the other side and
if you don't believe me here is an
Islamic cleric explaining why girls
should wear a hijab because if they
don't a jinn might fall in love with
them and don't forget that there are
other creations besides men there are
men who are going to look at you but at
the same time a jinn may fall in love
with you and this
is something very very common I had a
case where a gin had possessed a sister
she was waiting at the bus stop and the
gin fell in love with her she was
walking through a park and the gin
followed her she was waiting at the bus
stop and the gin fell in love with her
and he actually possessed her and when
they fall in love they're very very
difficult to remove because their love
is like almost a blind type of love it's
like I would rather die than leave this
individual okay never mind the key jab
but stay out of people's beds until
you're married because not as worried
about the gin as I am about actual human
beings although they do those little
demons don't go very well with tonic
that's a gin and tonic all right mailbag
tomorrow I'm Andrew Clavin this is the
Andrew Clavin show
the Andrew Klavan show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover technical producer Austin Stevens
edited by Alex zingaro audio is mixed by
Mike Carmina hair and makeup is by
Jesuit Vera and our animations are by
Cynthia Angulo and Jacob Jackson the
Andrew Clavin show is a daily wire for
word publishing production copyright for
word publishing 2018
