dear Michael you're a millennial born in
New York attended Yale are a relative of
Hillary Clinton with a name like Beyonce
and looks like Rachel Maddow with all of
that how in the world did you become a
conservative I think that's why isn't
that why that's got to be why
conservatives tend to be a little
contrarian in our culture a conservative
is contrarian we standeth word history
yelling stop and if you're willing to
weather the slings and arrows of that in
our culture you're certainly contrarian
so I actually do think there is
something to that if you grew up in all
these crazy places and you look like
Rachel Maddow why would you become a
concern that's part of it I used to fear
that if I grew up in the middle of Texas
I'd be a communist or something but I
don't think that's true
the III was born with like hair parted
smoking a cigar you know reading the The
Wall Street Journal or something that is
dried did that from a young age but I
went through a little lefty period when
I was in high school I think a lot of
teenagers do that I went through my
atheist phase from 13 to 23 or so but
about ten years and it was great to come
out of that you know a bill Whittle has
this great idea that like when you don't
know anything you're a Democrat and then
when you know a little bit you're a or
when you don't know anything you're a
Republican when you know a little bit
you're a Democrat and then when you know
more you become a Republican again I
think there is something like that you
got to go through the fire of it and
then you come back out part of it is
that the left has gone so insane that
people who aren't like me to the right
of Attila the Hun people who are like
David Rubin have come over to the right
as well because they sure can't stay on
the left there's no room for them in the
Democrat Party the I was a conservative
before I had any religious views again
so I don't know that you have to have
those religious views but once you
accept the reality of Christianity or
Judaism or whatever your theistic
religious views are it's very hard if
you follow those ideas to their logical
conclusions it's very hard to remain a
leftist because the left has totally
embraced materialism has totally
embraced a scientistic materialist
worldview that precludes any sense of
meaning
and the human soul and sin and grace and
redemption so I think I think that will
also help bring people back over as well
but as for me I don't know I came in I
came out puffing a cigar
