now yesterday I made the arguments that
there is no basis for objective morality
without God as an atheist you cannot
logically assert any kind of objective
moral code because you have denied God
and I argued that's the only thing left
for an atheist is moral relativism
that's really the only
option that is logically open to them
I'm not gonna rehash that argument you
can go and listen to it or watch it if
you like my main objective was just to
knock down the idea that it's possible
for objective morality to exist in a
godless universe I spent 30 minutes
trying to do that so you can go and and
look at that it listen to that quite a
lot of feedback to that discussion much
of it ranging from negative to extremely
negative and now what I'd like to do is
I'd like to engage what appeared to be
the two most frequent criticisms of the
position that I expressed yesterday now
the first one I'm not gonna spend a lot
of time on I did want to mention it
though there were a lot of people who
insisted quite breathlessly that it is
possible for an atheist to do good
things and be a good person in fact as I
was told just because atheists believe
that there is no God doesn't mean that
they're gonna go off killing and raping
etc you don't need God to be a good
person I was told and to that argument
I say yes also who are you response
what are you responding to and who are
you responding to of course a theist can
be moral of course atheists can do good
things
I never argued to the contrary I've
never heard any Christian argued to the
contrary honestly that's not an argument
that really exists it certainly wasn't
my argument I didn't argue that atheists
can't be good people I said that atheism
provides no rational basis for asserting
goodness and badness as objective
realities that's all that was my
argument
I'm not sure why so many atheists
struggle to understand this distinction
and it's kind of funny to me that
atheists like to impugn the intelligence
of believers while at the same time with
with the whole invisible sky daddy and
all that kind of nonsense while at the
same time which which again there is no
Christian no Christian above the age of
five who actually believes that God is
in in the sky or that he's magical so
you know there's it's a it's another
another you know it's it's a kind of
really stupid straw man that I see in
really that intelligent atheists will
use and it's beneath them to get into
that kind of stuff but they do it and
even here there is even among
intelligent atheists there appears to be
this inability to understand a really
basic distinction in nuance
so again I'm not saying that atheists
aren't good I'm saying that atheism that
atheism itself the belief system
provides no basis no rational basis for
asserting the objective nature of
morality that's my point
