as I've been talking about all show long
the left apocalyptic rhetoric with
regard to everything happening in the
country it is more likely to lead to the
actual apocalypse when you think
everything is the apocalypse this leads
people to take up war stances on issues
that really don't merit it Eugene
Robinson is complicit in this today he's
writing over at the Washington Post and
he has a piece called what's at stake in
November to mock recei democracy itself
is at stake if you really believe that
if you really believe the democracy
itself is at stake that if Democrats
don't win back Congress in 2018
democracy is over you're out of your
damn mind you're out of your mind if
they don't win in 2018 there's very high
likelihood that they will win in 2020
I remember Republicans were saying the
same before 2010 democracy was over we
were all going to die can we quit with
all of the it's the last election
nonsense well if the left gets elected
terrible things will happen in American
politics things I don't like and then
guess what there will be more elections
because America is not on the brink of
collapse as a nation we are on the brink
of a lot of bad things we're on the
brink of hating each other more than
ever we're on the brink of a collapse of
our of our social fabric but that is
going to that is going to long predate
the death of democracy the exaggeration
in which we suggest that democracy is
basically at the end of its rope if
Trump is is you get some Republican
Congress is just nonsense Eugene
Robinson says Trump desperately wants an
attorney general who was shut Muller
down the incumbent jeff Sessions cannot
do so because he's recused from the
matter Republican senators who once
warned from not to dare fire sessions
now seem resigned to the fact Trump will
do just that it makes sense for Trump to
make his move after the election if
Republicans still control Congress he'll
get away with it if Democrats take
charge he won't if anyone asks you
what's at stake in November just tell
them
democracy and justice guess what if from
fires Jeff Sessions and Republicans
don't do anything and then the next
Attorney General fires Robert Muller do
you think Trump's gonna win reelection
in 2020 you think there won't be any
reaction to that
how you think Democrats are gonna do in
2020 if Trump goes forward with that
stuff you think it'll be good I highly
doubt it
