now yesterday I made the arguments that
there is no basis for objective morality
without God as an atheist you cannot
logically assert any kind of objective
moral code because you have denied God
and I argued that's the only thing left
for an atheist is moral relativism
that's really the only option that is
logically open to them now I'm not gonna
rehash that argument you can go and
listen to it or watch it if you like my
main objective was just to knock down
the idea that it's possible for
objective morality to exist in a godless
universe I spent 30 minutes trying to do
that so you can go and and look at that
oh listen that quite a lot of feedback
to that discussion much of it ranging
from negative to extremely negative and
now what I'd like to do is I'd like to
engage what appeared to be the two most
frequent criticisms of the position that
I expressed yesterday now the first one
I'm not going to spend a lot of time on
I did want to mention it though there
were a lot of people who insisted quite
breathlessly that it is possible for an
atheist to do good things and be a good
person in fact as I was told just
because atheists believe that there is
no God doesn't mean that they're gonna
go off killing and raping etc you don't
need God to be a good person I was told
and to that argument I say yes
also who are you respond what are you
responding to and who are you responding
to of course a theist can be moral
of course atheists can do good things I
never argued to the contrary I've never
heard any Christian argued to the
contrary honestly that's not an argument
that really exists that certainly wasn't
my argument I didn't argue that atheists
can't be good people I said that atheism
provides no rational basis for asserting
goodness and badness as objective
realities that's all that was my
argument I'm not sure why so many
atheists struggle to understand this
distinction and it's kind of funny to me
that atheists like to impugn the
intelligence of believers while at the
same time with the whole invisible
Gai daddy and all that kind of nonsense
while at the same time which which which
again there is no Christian no Christian
above the age of five who actually
believes that God is in in the sky or
that he's magical so you know there's
it's a it's another another you know
it's it's a kind of really stupid straw
man that I see intent really that
intelligent atheists will use and it's
beneath them to get into that kind of
stuff but they do it and even here there
is even among intelligent atheists there
appears to be this inability to
understand a really basic distinction in
nuance so again I'm not saying that
atheists aren't good I'm saying that
atheism that atheism itself the belief
system provides no basis no rational
basis for asserting the objective nature
of morality that's my point
in fact my argument is actually the
opposite of what these critics seem to
understand my whole point and what I
said many times in that episode is that
atheists do act morally and they do
recognize moral goodness and they do
condemn moral evil which proves that
they do recognize the objective nature
of morality even if it contradicts their
worldview that was my point
so a point I made is that yes there are
plenty of good atheists who understand
fact all of them recognize moral
goodness that was my point that I was
trying to make now you notice that
atheist will tend to have this confusion
actually on the other side too because
many arguments with atheists and my
experience will devolve into the Atheist
listing all of the alleged crimes and
atrocities committed by religious people
I cannot tell you how many times I've
had a debate or an argument with an
atheist about the existence of God or
something along those lines and
eventually they start talking about the
Crusades and the Inquisition now the
fact that they reveal themselves to have
very little understand
of those historical episodes is beside
the point the real point is that is that
is that the Crusades the Inquisition
none of that has anything to do with
anything the sins of the religion of
religious people are completely
irrelevant to the question of whether or
not God exists I was watching a debate
with Christopher Hitchens recently and
he went on this this whole tangent about
the alleged wickedness of mother Teresa
now
Hitchens was a was a brilliant guy but
this was an amazingly erroneous and
pointless rant as it obviously has no
bearing at all on the question of
whether God exists or not makes no
difference you can say whatever you want
about Mother Teresa
it's nothing to do with anything so it
seems that some atheists tend to think
that arguments about God are really a
contest over who between atheists and
religious people are the best people but
that is not the argument and that isn't
just not an argument that I've ever
heard a Christian make I honestly I've
never ever heard a Christian a Christian
say that well Christians are the best
people in the world and if you are a
Christian then it prevents you from
doing bad things and if you're an
atheist then all you do is bad things
and you're out raping and killing I've
never heard that argument I honestly
have not once ever heard it expressed
from a Christian so we can put that to
the side
second this is where I want to spend the
most time I heard from quite a few
people who said you know who openly said
that well morality is not objective no
you're right
atheism provides no basis for objective
morality and that's because there is no
objective morality there's only what we
think is good or bad which is a
preference that depends on culture
evolution personality and so on so this
is moral relativism which might what I
was doing yesterday is I didn't really I
was trying to demonstrate that as an as
an eighth atheist the only thing really
opened to you logic
is moral relativism although I didn't
really get into trying to disprove moral
relativism so that's what I'm gonna try
to do now I'd like to explain why I
think that moral relativism is false why
I believe that morality is certainly
objective and I guess before we do that
we have to get in we I guess we have to
define our terms so on one hand you have
moral relativism which is the belief
that there is no underlying moral truth
there's no moral truth at all morality
is both subjective and relative in this
view so what is right and good depends
on my own perspective so that's
subjective and it depends on
circumstance so it's relative intensive
on the other hand objective morality is
the belief that moral standards moral
truths and moral responsibilities exist
independent of my own preferences or
opinions in other words some actions are
really good and some are really bad and
they remain good or bad even if I think
otherwise even if everyone in the world
thinks otherwise the moral truth remains
so maybe instead of objective morality
we could call it actual morality I don't
know you know maybe that's a better term
but the point is that this belief holds
that immoral actions are actually
immoral that is per se immoral and moral
actions are actually moral that is per
se moral and just as we have actual
moral obligations to do certain things
and not do others and those obligations
exist whether or not we recognize them
or whether or not we choose to follow
them or whether or not we like them
right so how do I prove this well I'm
not going to make an exhaustive argument
here but I will mention two points for
consideration one I think we have to
start with you know my first piece of
evidence for objective morality that I
would present is your own moral
intuition I mean your own understanding
and my understanding which is the same
and this is a weird argument I realize
because on one hand it's very weak in
that I can't provide tangible proof of
it
um because I'm telling you what's going
on in your own head which I can't prove
and of course comes off extremely
presumptuous well on the other hand it's
a strong argument because as you listen
to it you know that what I'm saying is
true so here's the point each person who
says that morality is not objective
in fact I'll personalize this you who
are listening to this right now if you
as an individual if you believe that
morality is relative if that's what you
claim to believe anyway then I'll talk
to you so you say that more at you maybe
you laugh at the idea of objective mark
you know we all have our own morality my
morality is not your morality so on and
so forth yet you say that yet I know
that you know that rape is wrong you
know that murder is wrong you know that
it's wrong to tell a lie now maybe
you've told lies in the past but you
knew it was wrong when he did it until
you felt guilty for it afterwards
and there even and there are plenty of
people out there unfortunately who have
murdered and raped but unless they were
insane they knew it was wrong when they
did it which is why we can justify
putting them in prison because they knew
it was wrong and they did it they didn't
know was wrong and they did then they go
to insane asylum so you know it and when
I say you know it I mean you know it not
that you've decided it or that it's your
preference but that it's a thing it's a
reality that you know and that you
recognize okay so how do I know that you
know it well because if I murdered
someone or if I stole from someone you
would not say well that was you know
that's that's your opinion and that's
your morality I mean you know that
that's what you thought was right and so
I'm not gonna judge you no you wouldn't
do that would you
you would condemn my actions and you
would condemn them with force and
intensity because I broke a code that
you think I ought to have followed which
means that you innately recognize the
code
and you believe that I recognize it
which means that you believe it to be
objective that is not subject to opinion
another example you condemn the nots
even though your moral relativist you
still condemn the Nazi Holocaust and if
I launched a serious argument where I
said that the Nazis well you know the
Nazis they thought that what they were
doing was okay and I mean if they had
their reasons for it and hey let's not
force our morality on them if I if I
made that argument you would react
rightly with disgust and derision you
would mock me you would spit at me for
making that argument because again you
recognize that the Nazis broke a
universal code and that I in justifying
their behavior in denying that code
which in this context you see correctly
as a plainly absurd thing to do so even
though you claim to be moral relativist
if I made a make insistant morally
relativistic argument in relation to the
Nazi Holocaust or rape you would laugh
at me you would laugh at your own
position if it was equate to you in
reference to one of these things so that
is my first argument I know that
morality is objective because I can see
that it is and you can see that it is
and everyone that can see that it is and
if something was truly subjective then
there is simply no way that we would all
have exactly the same sense of it that's
the funny thing you know that all of
these moral relativists out there yet
none of them speak up to offer their
morally relativistic defenses of rape
Holocaust pedophilia well very few of
them do anyway as I said yesterday
Richard Dawkins did offer a bit of a
defense of pedophilia but even then it
was a a half-hearted defense and and
he's certainly in the minority among
relativist and that's interesting isn't
it
number two and I think
I think it's a valid point if I'm trying
to disprove moral relativism the fact
that even moral relativists don't
believe in it I think it's a relevant
point you know number two I think the
objective nature of morality can be seen
and proven historically and
anthropologically if morality were
subjective if it were decided by
individuals and societies and if it did
not have a source outside of ourselves
then the moral systems of every separate
society should be like their clothing
choices or that you know their fashion
that is it should be wildly different
from place to place and from era to era
but that is not what you find in fact if
morality is subjective then I think I
should be able to find two things when
I'm if I'm looking around the world I'm
looking through a history of different
civilization I should be able to find
civilizations that have no moral code
whatsoever I should be able to find
civilizations where nothing is
considered right or wrong and number two
I should be able to find civilizations
that have something close to the
opposite of our own moral code so
civilizations where it's considered
absolutely right to lie murder steal I
should find civilizations where
cowardice is celebrated integrity is
derided given the number of
civilizations that have existed given
how separate they have often been
especially in the past I think it's
reasonable that an entirely subjective
thing should manifest itself in
extremely different ways opposite ways
that's what I that is what we find with
truly subjective things like fashion
okay so you can find societies where men
were pants societies where they were
skirts societies where people where
almost nothing societies where women
wear burqas societies where they wear
bikinis if morality is subjective that I
should find a situation as diverse and
contradictory as this but I don't what I
find as I look at civilizations across
the world in history is that there is a
unanimous agreement in principle on a
number of moral points like it's wrong
to lie it's wrong to steal to
it's good to be honest to be humble to
be courageous I find basically the same
sort of person admired and the same sort
of person despised everywhere now it's
true that you find civilizations where
terrible evils are accepted in common
place obviously Nazi Germany every
slaveholding society is another example
but you notice that even in cases where
terrible monstrous evils were accepted
they were still rationalized and
justified according to the same moral
code so murder was illegal under the
Nazis but they just claimed that
exterminating the Jews was not murder
now that claim was ridiculous obviously
but the fact remains that even they felt
the need to pay homage to this moral
code and to pretend that they were
following it why what was the point of
that and it's because in fact we
expected them to follow it to have
followed it's because we rejected the
idea that societies and individuals
invent their own morality that we could
justify putting the Nazi war criminals
on trial and then hanging them if
morality were really subjective we would
have no basis for condemning them
because that was their morality but we
were what we rejected that and said
there's only one you broke it you know
you broke it and now you face the
consequences I'm in slaveholding
countries like like our own prior to the
1860s slavery was justified on the basis
that slaves weren't fully people what
does that mean it means that even
slaveholders recognized that you
shouldn't treat people like that but
they rationalized that well these aren't
people a bad rationalization but the
fact that they made it at all is kind of
instructive isn't it ok but you might
say that well all of these societies
I've talked about so far they they all
interacted with each other they came
from the same
human pool as it were so there agree
there agreement on moral points is not
very surprising no because there was
because of this interaction so fair
enough okay let's look at an example
that should absolutely prove moral
relativism
if moral relativism is true let's look
at the meeting of Indian civilizations
and Europeans so here we have people
that are entirely separated living in
isolation from one another who had never
come in contact never been exposed to
each other never exercised the slightest
influence on one another prior to their
meeting here we have a chance for
relativistic morality to really show
itself if morality is really relative
when you've got these two sides of the
world not come in contact with each
other and you have this completely
relative thing like called morality I
mean it should manifest itself in wildly
different ways but that's not what you
find incredibly although the Indians and
the Europeans were extremely different
in many ways they still had the same
fundamental ideas about morality so to
prove my point I'll take the most
challenging example for my position we
can look at the Aztecs and the Spanish
now here we have two very very different
sets of people and the Aztecs practiced
human sacrifice on a massive scale yet
even they had basically the same kinds
of rules and laws and moral ideas as the
Spanish homicide rape perjury theft
robbery sedition incest public
drunkenness etc they were all condemned
both as legal and moral infractions now
yeah they ripped the hearts out of their
human sacrifices but they didn't
consider that murder
so again which doesn't make it okay
obviously now if you're a moral if
you're a moral relativist that does make
it okay
that's whole point of moral relativist
they didn't consider it to be bad which
means it wasn't as someone who believes
in objective morality I say that that's
not an excuse it was still bad but the
point is again you see this this this
thing this invisible moral code which
appears to be the same everywhere and
which even the most evil civilizations
felt the need to work around so that's
why I think moral relativism is false
because I see no evidence for it at all
all I see when I look inside myself and
when I look outward ly to human
societies our own other societies
civilization I look through history all
I see is evidence that morality is
objective it is a thing that you it's
not something you invent or come up with
it's a thing that you recognize which is
why all of these civilizations came to
the same recognition although they all
failed to follow it in various different
ways and some to worse degrees than
others but they all saw basically the
same thing a really relative thing a
really subjective thing should be
various it should be contradictory
especially when you see that it's
especially in cases where it's developed
where you have two systems that have
developed isolated from one another
but that's not the case with morality
which tells me
it is not in fact relatives it is
objective it is simply a truth that we
all see and we choose to follow or not
all right I'll leave it there
Godspeed everyone thanks for listening
see you tomorrow
