sarah silverman I've been tweeting with
her all morning because she doesn't
understand her own joke here is Sarah
Silverman's promo for her show I Love
You America
I will send you to hell for eternity if
you murder steal do guy-on-guy but sex
what that's true
you really put people in hell for
eternity if they put their penis in an
anus
are you serious I cannot believe Sarah
take a chill pill I'm kidding
I created gay people Oh whew ah you got
me you're a real son of a gun god call
me oh okay oh Allah
well well well hey everyone frantically
typing emails about how I'm once again
disrespecting the Christian God guess
what mother
so I tweeted to Sarah Silverman I said
wow that was really funny
now do it for Muslims now do that joke
for Muslims and she responded sarah said
ha you didn't watch the clip because at
the end I'm really talking to Allah ha
ha ha ha is it right right so I'd like
to explain Sarah Silverman's joke to her
there were two parts of this joke the
first part opens up and you're talking
to God you're not talking to Allah
you're talking to God hey God and you're
right and you're you're talking about
the moral law and he says don't kill
don't steal and don't commit sodomy and
you say what that's crazy and then he's
like yeah I was just kidding about that
one ha ha right so that's the first joke
that's a joke about Christianity then it
turns at the end and he says and my name
is Allah right and the second part of
that joke is a joke that ostensibly you
were always making a joke about the
Muslim God and therefore the Christian
mother effers who are frantically typing
emails should stuff it that's there are
two jokes one is about the moral law to
God that you're talking to and the
second part is a joke the object of
which is the Christian people who are
offended by your first joke and you say
ha ha joke's on you mother effers I was
really talking about the God of Islam
but you weren't really talking about the
God of Islam that's the that's the turn
of the joke ok so the object of that
joke are Christians right my challenge
to Sarah Silverman is now do a joke were
the object of ridicule as Muslims do
that one the guy's a Charlie Hebdo did
that Danish cartoonists did that and
they paid what they paid with their
lives so you won't do that will you
and as she actually responded she
admitted this she said yes you're right
the the object of ridicule here is the
Christians and the reason I'm doing that
is because America is a Christian
country it's mostly Christian and so I
punch up I don't punch down Christians
are the most persecuted religious group
in the entire world this is not don't
take my word for it the study and study
from various centers including Pew
Research and University of Notre Dame
have shown this it's the most persecuted
religious group in the world they're
beheaded in Libya they are crucified in
Syria they are mutilated in Indonesia
they are the most persecuted religious
group in the world most of that
persecution a lot of that persecution
comes at the hands of Muslim terrorists
so what is punching a
really mean what is punching him let's
see if she has the guts to do a joke the
object of which is Muslims I don't think
she will which is why it's why our
typical boring comedy does she know that
Michelle wolf got canceled by the way
isn't it someone someone should tell her
before Sarah Silverman gets a rude
awakening
