normally here at the Andrew Clavin show
we don't make predictions about what's
going to happen in the future because we
don't know it's going to happen in the
future it's the future no one knows what
it is but today as the new political
season begins I have found a way to
overcome that problem by making stuff up
so here's my official political preview
for fall this week the Senate will begin
holding hearings on the appointment of
Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court
Democrats will repeatedly attack
Cavanaugh by denouncing him as an honest
man who will interpret the Constitution
is written and thus overturned the
tremendous progress Democrat Court
appointments have made toward
eviscerating our laws in the service of
tyrannical leftism after Cavanaugh's
appointment has approved Democrats will
claim that Russia hacked the vote by
magically causing Democrats to make
fools of themselves and say stupid stuff
like the stuff they said Hillary Clinton
will strongly denounced the outcome and
then pitch face-first into an elegant
artisanal salad bowl filled with
Chardonnay in late September Pope
Francis will finally take on the
homosexual rape crisis in the Catholic
Church by issuing an encyclical calling
for a worldwide ban on plastic straws in
response a gigantic pit filled with
flaming sulphur will suddenly open up
and swallow not only the Pope but also a
substantial percentage of the priesthood
the New York Times a former newspaper
will greet the event with a headline
LGBT priests face fresh religious
persecution as they burn in hell for all
eternity
in late October John McCain's funeral
will come to an end as the last
Democrats pay tribute to a man they
always hated by denouncing President
Trump in his name Democrats will then
congratulate themselves on how
beautifully they twisted a Patriots
funeral to their political purposes and
wonder why Trump's approval rating is
suddenly at 68% finally in November the
Russians will hack the midterms in favor
of the Republicans by dressing up his
Democrats and proclaiming that socialism
is the wave of the future
or maybe those are the actual Democrats
how would be we be able to tell the
difference trigger warning of Andrew
Klavan and this is the Andrew Klavan
show
tickety-boo there's a we need also sing
see Topsy the zipa teasing it's
all right we're back and it is magically
Tuesday I hope you had a wonderful
three-day weekend but that means that
tomorrow is mailbag day so you only have
a single moment to get your mailbag
questions in go to the daily wire.com
subscribe it's allows you ten bucks a
month or a hundred bucks for the year
and you get all your questions answered
in the mailbag if you just press the
podcast thing at the top of the page and
then press the Andrew Klavan podcast
button and then press the mailbag you
can write me any question you want on
politics on religion on your personal
screwed up messed up lousy life and I
will answer those questions my answers
are guaranteed 100 percent correct and
will change your life and you may say
for the better and I would say knows but
what to find out but you know this is a
good time to do it because we only got
one day of warning so there may not be
as many questions in and maybe I'll get
a chance to get to yours we also have
the new lefties dictionary coming up H
is for Hollywood so stay with us for
that now many of you don't realize that
I actually was not born this way this is
something I do to my head and I do it by
shaving carefully every morning for
about 4 hours it takes me but I use
Dollar Shave Club so the shave is
fantastic Dollar Shave Club has
everything you need to look feel and
smell your best I have been a member of
the club since long before they became
sponsors just because I love them
they're easy they're inexpensive you get
better blades than you get I feel like I
get better blades and I get anywhere
else and you can shave I mean you might
do your hair to get ready or you might
have all kinds of things you want to do
to your face and you have all kinds of
stuff not just razors that they will
send you if you put them in your little
box every month right now you can get
ready with an amazing deal on any one of
their starter sets
I recommend the daily essential starter
set because I love I love the stuff
that's in there they've got this shave
butter that is really cool it doesn't
lather up you can just see what you're
doing and you can't go wrong with any of
their starter sets head over to
dollarshaveclub.com slash Clavin to pick
up your own DSC starter set for just 5
bucks after your starter set product
ship at their regular price that's
dollarshaveclub.com so
Clavin dollarshaveclub.com / Clavin I
have been a member for years and for
years I've been saying to myself
can you spell Clavin it's que la vie aan
so we're in the second month of the
McCain funeral that feels like it maybe
it ended who knows it went on forever
and it was all lies the whole thing the
way I was covered the way I would say it
was they just used McCain
I mean McCain and Trump didn't like each
other fine and McCain didn't invite
Trump so they made fun of Trump for
playing golf yeah what like what was he
supposed to do sit there and stare oh he
wasn't invited to the funeral was he
supposed to they made speech after
speech after speech attacking Trump but
also harkening back to the wonderful
McCain like days of civility oh the
wonderful days of unity and civility
when John McCain represented this
country all lies and we know if you just
ever want to see a cartoon example just
a cartoon example of hypocrisy watch the
difference between them all the McCain
rhetoric at the funeral about how
wonderful it used to be when we could
attack John McCain is a racist which
they did we could attack him as an angry
old man which they did which we could
just run him down and hit him and you
know make sure that he lost you know
elections which they did and then get
together and praise him because and use
him to attack Donald Trump so now the
cartoon hypocrisy is that the Brett
Kavanaugh hearings have begun and it's
just a free-for-all of hatred and this
is really interesting that the this is
Brett Kavanaugh obviously Trump's
appointment to the Supreme Court they
won't even let the hearings take place
in what apparently is a coordinated
effort the reporter named Cassie hunt I
maybe Casey hunt at NBC is saying that
sources told her that the Democrats
plotted a coordinated protest strategy
over the holiday weekend and they all
agreed to disrupt and protest the
hearing she says sources tell me and
Frank Thorpe Democrat leader Chuck
Schumer led a phone call and committee
members are executing that right now let
us take a quick look at his Chuck
Grassley tried to start the hearing and
Kamala Harris immediately interrupted
him and then they
Democrats on the panel were helped out
by the hecklers in the stands here's the
cut I welcome everyone to this
confirmation hearing on the nomination
of mr. chairman Brett Kavanaugh mr.
chairman to serve as associate justice
mr. Chairman I before we proceed mr.
chairman I'd like to be recognized to
ask a question before we proceed the
committee received just last night less
than 15 hours ago for Sherman 1,000
pages of documents that we have not had
an opportunity to review or read or
analyze you are you're out of order I'll
proceed we cannot possibly move forward
mr. chairman mr. Chairman I therefore
move to adjourn this hearing okay
oh if only Donald Trump weren't so
uncivil if only that doggone Donald
Trump if he weren't so uncivil they
can't even let the democratic process
take place they can't even just say you
know we're gonna hammer the sky we're
gonna expose him and then this is what
the Republicans do what the Republicans
do is they take they rake the guy over
the coals then they vote for him then
they go back to their constituencies say
if you don't want judges like that you
got to vote for me you got to vote for
more Republicans they can't even do that
they cannot even they do not believe in
the Democrat process and this is the
thing this is the thing that maybe I
mean I thought John McCain I told you
before I didn't agree with a lot of what
he said and I didn't agree with a lot of
what he did but he was a patriot and he
was a hero I would never take that away
from him I was happy to see him honored
but at the same time I thought the
funeral was a farce they did what they
always do they tell everything they
touch turns to politics but as we get
into the real stuff the real political
fight that's coming with the midterms
and with this hearing just remember this
the two sides in the argument are not
the same they are not the same it is not
as if we are arguing for a right-wing
Supreme Court justice and they're
arguing for a left-wing Supreme Court
justice that would be the same argument
both sides kind of wrong we're arguing
for Supreme Court justices who interpret
the law and allow the legislature to
make the law if they will and compare
that law to what's in the Constitution
and rule on whether it violates the
Constitution as the overarching law of
the land that's what we're arguing for
they are arguing to preserve this stuff
that they stuffed into the Constitution
that wasn't there the right to an
abortion that our founders would have
been appalled by the right to gay
marriage that our founders would have
been appalled by not that the state
shouldn't be allowed to make those laws
they should be allowed to make those
laws but the in the enumerated power
there is no enumerated power in the
Constitution given to the federal
government to make laws about marriage
or about abortion unless you're going to
argue that it violates the right
abortion violates the right to life but
they want left-wing decisions that's two
different arguments we want fair
decisions we're gonna lose some of those
decisions sometimes we're gonna try and
pass a law that we like and they're
gonna say no fair enough it's
unconstitutional we're gonna have to eat
that but the left doesn't want that the
left wants left wing law passed by a
five-person judiciary that's what they
want different arguments different
arguments same thing on everything we
want a fair press I don't want to watch
conservative news I wish I didn't have
to watch conservative news I only have
to watch conservative news to get the
news they want a press that is dominated
by the left they want all leftism all
the time that is what they want civility
hey I want civility what I don't want is
to be called a racist and then told that
I'm uncivil when I fight back that's
what I don't want I certainly would like
some more civility in our political
discourse it would be a first there
never has been the second presidential
race with Jefferson and Adams was one of
the four most ferocious races ever run I
mean we there's never been this has
never been a civil political process but
if you want to be civil fine don't call
me a racist don't call me in
Islamophobic don't call me a homophobic
don't call me sexist or a sexist pig and
then expect me to take it with a smile
so we're arguing over two different
things so let me just show you
former Hillary Clinton hack George I
love you Hillary suck amok with uh
kalapa guess whatever whatever his name
is covering covering this Cavanagh
hearing let's just see what the
left-wing press looks like this is just
activism as reporting okay here it is
Republicans believe they have the votes
but that's a bit surprising given
Cavanaugh's poll numbers
yes poll numbers are low the public is
evenly divided of whether or not the
Senate should confirm him we haven't
seen numbers this low since Harriet
Miers who's come from whose nomination
was withdrawn and Robert Bork whose
nomination was defeated and Kate as
Terry was also saying this will really
cement if Cavanaugh has confirmed that
conservative majority on the Supreme
Court talked about the impact that's
right so the stakes couldn't be higher
and I think the impact could be really
dramatic so we're talking about a
conservative majority on issues like
abortion but not just abortion on
environmental
regulation on workers rights on voting
rights on presidential power so the
senator is considering this nomination
should vote as they see fit but they
should do so with their eyes wide open
to likely impact on the law pure scare
tactics first of all but also just scare
tactics for the left they're assuming
that you're for abortion and you want
not only or that you're for abortion
they're not just assuming that they're
assuming that you want the court to make
the law that is what they're assuming
think about the two people they compared
him to first of all his poll numbers are
low because all people have heard is
what they've heard from these people
these clowns have been selling this
routine they haven't heard Kavanagh yet
they haven't seen him stand up before
you know the hearing they haven't having
any chance to make a decision so they
compared him to Harriet Miers whose name
was withdrawn why because she was
unqualified to be a Supreme Court
justice and George W Bush made a mistake
in appointing her and the right went off
the right exploded saying no she's not
good enough and they forced him to come
up I was a lead oh I think he replaced
her with and and Bush you'll remember
was winking at conservatives saying
she'll make the right decisions meaning
she would vote to overturn roe v-- wade
and though the rights of no we don't
want her to make the right decisions we
want her to be a constitutional scholar
who holds the law up to the Constitution
the right had integrity the left did not
because the other one Sheik important
she compared him to was Robert Bork and
you will remember that Robert Bork when
he was nominated Kennedy within minutes
was on the Senate floor making a speech
the saying he would force blacks out of
diners and he was it would be a
segregated world and women would be
forced back into the home and all the
stuff at this is this incredible speech
and then and then the right was not
prepared they didn't know that Kennedy
would stoop that low is one of the most
shameful performances really in American
history and that's something as a Teddy
Kennedy but you know Teddy Kennedy was
already been out way way beyond shame so
they're comparing him to that so that's
the thing
but now let's remember let's remember
when Ruth Bader Ginsberg the most
leftist biased unfair and
unconstitutional member of the court
when she was up for hearings she said
this about how she should be questioned
this is her opening statement about how
she should be questioned and it has
come known as the Ginsberg we're all
here it is you are well aware that I
come to this proceeding to be judged as
a judge not as an advocate because I am
and hope to continue to be a judge it
would be wrong for me to say or to
preview in this legislative chamber how
I would cast my vote on questions the
Supreme Court may be called upon to
decide where I to rehearse here what I
would say and how I would reason on such
questions I would act in judiciously a
judge sworn to decide impartially can
offer no forecasts no hits for that
would show not only disregard for the
specifics of the particular case it
would display disdain for the entire
judicial process so it's just not the
same argument she is sitting there
saying you cannot ask me how I'm going
to decide you think that's going to be
true about on Brett Kavanaugh you think
they will stick to that rule like they
stuck to it with her you think they will
stick to that rule and they're asking
Brett Kavanaugh if he will how he'll
rule about the president being
subpoenaed or indicted how he'll rule
about roe v wade how he'll rule about
gay marriage you know of course they're
not going to follow those rules they
only they don't have to follow those
rules because the press will back up
their double standard the press will
back up their double standard but just
remember just remember it is not the the
arguments are not the same we are
arguing for a constitutional justice
they are arguing for a left-wing justice
we're not arguing for a right-wing press
we're arguing for a fair press they're
arguing for a left-wing press very
different arguments these are very
different points of view and it's
important when you sit there and you
listen to the garbage they spewed over
the body of John McCain
body of a patriot the garbage they
spewed about civility and how wonderful
we were all United we were not united it
was them attacking us and us not really
fighting back in the same standard they
let's take a look you know Jill Biden
who you may remember was once
vice-president Kay comes out of the
funeral they asked him what's at stake
in the midterms and here's his response
okay talking to one another like we're
civilized dealing with one another with
respect now let's have an example of
that respect as we look at Joe Biden
campaigning against Mitt Romney okay the
most decent man who ever ran for
president Mitt Romney maybe not the best
man who ever ran for president but
certainly the most decent man who ever
ran for president speaking at an Obama
rally where there are a lot of
african-americans where there a lot of
black Americans there this is a Biden
talking to that meeting look at what
they value look at their budget and what
they're proposing Romney wants to let
them he said the first hundred days he's
gonna let the big banks once again write
their own rules unchain Wall Street
they're gonna put y'all back in Chains I
miss those days of civility and respect
those days of civility and respect we're
days where the Democrats got away with
that garbage but anything you remember
what happened when just the other day
the guy of the gubernatorial guide to
Santis and in Florida used the term
monkey about socialism say we don't want
a monkey around with our economy and
socialism and because his opponent is
black suddenly as one the press lept up
and said oh my goodness this is racism
racism racism that's their civility that
is their civility so if we're talking
about civility in the same sense as I
want to a constitutional justice I want
civility for both sides we haven't had
it Trump is a result of that Trump is a
reaction to that kind of talk that you
just heard from Joe Biden
didn't start this fight Trump did not
start this fight Trump I am you have
heard me again and again say I don't
like Trump's manners I don't like how
rude he is but he didn't start it he is
an answer to 50 years of this stuff
coming from a United left-wing press and
a United Democrat Party that felt that
they could call us pigs that they could
cause racist sexist Islamophobes when we
were expressing our opinions and they're
doing it still and they haven't started
and this is true of the press as well
you know Chuck Todd I checked that has
become an unbelievable figure I mean
this is a guy Chuck Todd worked for the
presidential campaign of Senator Tom
Harkin how many people worked for the
presidential campaign of like you know
george w bush are working with chuck
todd at NBC News right and he wrote a
piece today saying it's time for a
sternal astute back against these Roger
Ailes Fox News inspired attacks of bias
I mean this is this is as if Sean
Hannity got up and said how could you
call me bias but Sean Hannity would
never do that because he's an honest man
Sean Hannity says I'm a right-wing guy a
conservative God fighting for
conservative values Chuck Todd says he's
an honest journalist those are not the
same things Chuck Todd is not telling
the truth Sean Hannity is Sean Hannity
is what you what he is he's you pay your
money he takes your choice you don't
want Sean Hannity's conservative
opinions don't watch Sean Hannity but if
you want to get the news in your turn on
NBC you will get Chuck Todd's left-wing
slant on everything so he writes now
this is in the Atlantic right so the
truth is that most journalists in
newsrooms large and small across the
country are doing their best each day to
be fair honest and direct these values
are what Americans demand of one another
and it should be what they demand of
their media the challenge for viewers
and readers is this ask yourself why
someone is so determined to convince you
not to believe your lying eyes well
remember my lying eyes are looking at
you lying that's the problem my line
eyes are looking at television this is a
guy by the way who works for NBC where
is now coming out that they tried to
suppress Ronan Pharos reporting on
Harvey Weinstein Harvey Weinstein tried
to suppress it and NBC kept getting in
the way and Ronan Farrow is now coming
out and saying yes they tried to stop me
and his Purdue
sirs coming out and saying they tried to
stop me and Andrew lack the head of NBC
put out a memo an internal memo that got
leaked I think to the New York Times and
he said no no no no the problem was
these brave ever so brave women who were
coming out against Harvey Weinstein
weren't brave enough weren't brave
enough to come on camera and one of the
women let me see if I have her name one
of the women said yes I would I was I
was ready to come out I was ready to
come out and talk on camera and Ronan
Farrow says he had women who were ready
and he that he left and went to the New
Yorker with the story that broke started
the me2 movement he went to The New
Yorker at NBC suggestions they said take
that story and get it out of here so
that's the that is what Chuck Todd
that's what Chuck Todd represents Chuck
Todd represents an NBC News that tried
to shut down a story about what Harvey
Weinstein is and why do you think why do
you think Harvey Weinstein came under
that protection and finally I just have
to add this one thing before we go on to
h's for Hollywood the next installment
in the Lefty's dictionary our attitudes
toward America are not the same two
stories came out over the weekend that
really said something about this one is
this movie about Neil Armstrong first
man where it was revealed that if they
left out the scene where he planted the
flag Neil Armstrong obviously the first
man on the moon they left out the scene
where he planted the American flag on
the moon and when they asked or Ryan
Gosling who plays Armstrong he said well
I think this was widely regarded in the
end as a human achievement and that's
how we chose to view it and I'm not sure
yet I couldn't quite confirm this I
think they left the flag out of the
picture altogether I think they're on
the moon without the American flag there
that could that may not be true I'm not
sure about this so it it's not I mean
all you have to do is tell the truth all
you have to is a movie that was the most
triumphant moment when they planted that
American flag that was the climax of the
story
why rewrite it if you love America why
rewrite it if you want to pay tribute if
you don't want to not pay tribute if you
don't want to if you don't want to
insult America why rewrite the truth why
not just tell the story Buzz Aldrin who
was the second man on the moon he
tweeted out a picture of the flag
planted and him today saluting it all
right
so that that's one thing
by the way this film comes out on the
same day that the Gosnell story the
about the abortion doctor comes out in
the same day that's a story that I wrote
the screenplay for and it is a story
about an abortion mass murderers portion
suits abortion a serial killer that the
press refused to cover Hollywood would
never make the film so it was made by a
bunch of right wing lunatics like myself
and it will be coming out on the same
day so you choose whether you want to
see the flag deleted from the moon
launch or you want to see the Gosnell
movie and go and see that and the second
one I really have to bet this is this
Colin humper dunk bad from Nike right
they put out an ad do we have it yet
here's Colin limpert Inc believe in
something even if it means sacrificing
and everything just do it so first of
all believing in something is not a good
in and of itself Colin Kaepernick
sacrificed nothing he was cut because he
wasn't a very good quarterback and just
do it just do what just do what so don't
take your moral hints from your sneakers
and that's the first thing but now we
know now we know this is how they feel
about America ok we get this then and
these are corporate interests of course
it's always the corporations were the
most left-wing people in the country but
this is how they feel so we're not even
talking about the same attitude toward
America however I will say that
Kaepernick did get some support on
Twitter from Mahmoud Ahmadinejad the
Iranian tyrant who who tweeted the NFL
season will start this week
unfortunately once again Kapur
Kaepernick is not on the NFL roster even
though he is one of the best
quarterbacks in the league's
oh my mood Huck Medina job is there
alright we got to take a look at H is
for Hollywood the latest edition in the
left E's dictionary by that incredible
handsome foe I don't know who that is
but he's terrific let's hear it H H is
for Hollywood Hollywood is where reality
goes to become leftist everywhere else
on earth reality is conservative in
reality America is a force for good and
has had a hand in securing the freedom
of every single free person on earth
in reality free markets free speech and
freedom of worship make people richer
happier and more productive in reality
punishing criminals harshly leads to
less crime races
is harmful whether it favors whites or
blacks manly men and womanly women makes
stronger families with happier children
in reality faithful marriages lead to
healthier and better sex and worshiping
God gives life meaning and purpose but
that's only in reality and reality is
hard and unfair that's why we have
Hollywood in Hollywood everything is
different in Hollywood America is bad
and it transforms nice people like Matt
Damon into assassins and then hurts
innocent Muslims we're just minding
their own business and Hollywood free
markets are mean and so wise politicians
have to take businessmen's money away
and give it to the right people yeah as
long as no one takes away the money of
the people who are in the business of
making movies that would be wrong in
Hollywood the best way to have sex is
with a woman you met two scenes ago who
knows how to fall backward in slow
motion onto a bed while magical music
plays from somewhere don't try this at
home in Hollywood religious people just
go around hating gays all day unless the
religious people are black then they
sing gospel music and everything's great
history becomes leftist in Hollywood too
in real history a communist killed
President John F Kennedy because Kennedy
was anti-communist in Hollywood history
like in the movie JFK a conservative
conspiracy killed Kennedy because he was
trying to end the war in Vietnam in real
history President Jimmy Carter's
sanctimonious naivete and incompetence
led to the Islamist takeover of Iran and
the taking of American hostages in
Hollywood history like Argo Carter was a
dignified visionary leader who ended the
crisis peacefully in real history
America has battled oppression in the
form of communism Nazism and Islamism in
Hollywood history from casualties of war
to almost every movie about the war on
terror
America is the oppressor invading
countries and killing indigenous people
because that's just the way we roll boy
oh boy that Hollywood it has been so
successful at making reality and history
leftist that reality and history would
actually be leftist if it weren't for
the fact that reality in history remain
reality and history
no matter what Hollywood says H is for
Hollywood
I'm Andrew Clavin with the Lefty's
dictionary you know this is a great
series I think most of the credit
Rebecca Shapiro the talented Ribeiro's
we call her who does the illustrations
in the back they really are terrific I
got to say goodbye to Facebook and
YouTube we got a good interview with
Ryan Hampton coming up he beat opiate
addiction and now is a become an anti
opiate addiction activist with a really
interesting political point of view
we'll be talking to him but you got to
come over to the Daily wire calm where
you can listen but while you're there
you can subscribe for lousy ten bucks a
month and then and then my friends you
can be in the mail bag where you can
leave a question and I will answer it
and my answer will be correct and will
save your life or change your life I'm
not sure which all right come on over to
the daily wire calm
Ryan Hampton is a national addiction
recovery advocate at facing addiction
and founder of the voices project he's
also a former White House staffer and
the author of American fix inside the
opioid addiction crisis and how to end
it we talked about the book
Ryan's personal story of addiction and
recovery and how that shaped his views
on the current crisis facing the country
Ryan Hampton thank you so much for
coming on I appreciate it great to be
here Andrew the book is American fix
inside the opioid addiction crisis and
how to end it but I'd like to begin with
your personal story which is kind of
amazing you went from being on the White
House staff to being on heroin which is
quite a quite a journey can you tell us
how what happened sure I mean my story
isn't really unique
I mean it's unique in the sense that I
worked in the White House but the
circumstances of how I got addicted to
heroin you know I had an up-and-coming
current politics I was a good student
you know from Miami Florida I had worked
on multiple presidential campaigns I
worked in the clinton ministration I was
actually in Washington DC in 2003 right
after the midterms working for the
Democratic National Committee and I went
on a hiking trip to the Billy Goat trail
if you don't know anything about a
really steep trail in between Virginia
and Maryland and I slipped
my ankle injured my knee went to go see
an urgent care doctor at the time and I
was prescribed a very high-grade opioid
dilaudid
now I was supposed to give an MRI for
that ankle never did and I treated it
pretty much with opioid pain medication
for several months before moving to
Florida where things really spiraled out
of control for me was when I moved back
to Florida if you know anything about
Florida in the mid-2000s it was the
height of what was the pill mill
epidemic which I got caught up into and
that eventually led to a to a heroin
addiction as a result of being cut off
of medications kind of at the eleventh
hour
several years later I didn't really have
much of an option I was heavily heavily
dependent on them physically emotionally
everything about me and it was a quick
fall from you know working in the White
House and traveling aboard Air Force One
to you know being on the streets
homeless addicted to heroin Wow I did
you know when you started taking the
drug that it was addictive I mean when
you didn't get the MRI were you
complicit in the addiction or did you
just stumble into it I mean that's a
that's a very valid question you know I
think about it today how could I not
have known but I really did it you know
this was a different time
it was early 2000s I was legitimately
prescribed the medication I thought that
it was okay I knew something was
different about it because of the way it
made me felt however with all that being
said I was told by doctors that I could
you know easily wean off of it that it
was safe that the addictive risk was was
minimal that I didn't really need to
worry about that it was you know given
to me in the comfort of a doctor's
office by someone who were taught to
trust and the fact that it had my name
on it it was a pill bottle it
legitimized I did not make the
connection between what I was taking and
the possible you know abuse factor that
would come in later I really didn't Wow
yeah now before we talk about the rest
of the country how did you get clean so
I found recovery interestingly enough I
had been through multiple bouts of
treatment you know we can talk about
that later but the none of it really
worked for me yeah I actually found
recovery the day I left treatment as a
result of plugging into a community a
peer support group in my hometown I was
able to access stable housing I was able
to access employment I was able to find
the right types of recovery supports
early on in my recovery that were
critical to saving my life
part of that continuum that gets lost in
the discussion you know we talk about
addiction as a chronic health problem
and a chronic health crisis in this
country yet we still deal with it as an
acute you know crisis issue you know we
all this money goes towards 28-day
30-days solutions but what happens on
the thirtieth day when someone leaves
that's where everybody falls through the
cracks for the for the one tenth of
people who actually do get to go to
addiction treatment in the country
because most people don't so you come
out of this and you find in fact your
statistic right you're part of an
incredible crisis that's going on
through the whole country and you took
what you called an addiction roadtrip at
one point tell me what you saw and how
that changed your point of view well the
the lead up the genesis of that trip
actually was I lost four really close
friends of mine to overdoses early 20
mid 2015 early 2016 I had been sober for
about eight months seven to eight months
and incredibly silent about you know I
come from a political organizing
background right so I understand the
community organizing model I understand
the power in it but I was still very
silent suffering and silence did not
want anybody to know that I had a
problem with addiction and then I even
had found recovery and then roommates of
mine I was still in sober living
roommates of mine started dying people I
went to treatment started dying people
that I was very close to loved
started dying and it was right around
the time of the 2016 Democratic
primaries in California and I wasn't
even registered to vote in the state at
the time I opened up the paper and I saw
him a Sacramento B the people could run
to be delegate to one of the conventions
I ran I organized my community we had a
few hundred people show up to vote ended
up winning which was just kind of like
this phenomenon
and I was a delegate but after being
elected I said hey you know we it's not
about the convention it's about
community making sure that we're raising
the issue bringing it to the surface
let's travel the country let's drive out
to Philadelphia and let's visit as many
communities as possible to see not just
the trainwreck story let's see the
solutions let's see what's going on
visited 22 states over the course of 30
days 45 foot or 35 foot RV traveled over
8,000 miles and it changed my life it
changed my perception on what we could
be doing what I saw in these communities
was that the top-down solutions were not
working the money wasn't making it to
where it needed to be it really
shattered a lot of biases I had in terms
of Republican versus Democrat you know I
really saw that this is might be the
single most unifying issue that we've
seen in a generation when it comes to
opioid you know it might be the one
issue that can unify us that we can get
to solutions to one of the most
fascinating things I saw that really led
me to write to start writing at a very
high level was Chesterfield County
Virginia which is a rural red Republican
Trump leaning area district and met with
the Republican elected sheriff there his
name's Sheriff Carl Leonard he's become
one of my best friends and mentors who's
running a program out of his jail for
inmates so that they can get help before
they leave they can learn what the
resources are they can learn what the
triggers are he's bringing in clinicians
he's having peer support groups he's
allowing people to come back to jail
after they're released the mentor the
people that are currently in there and
that this sheriff couldn't get funding
for this program now when we say funding
we're talking probably about $2,500 for
40 in a month Wow which is nothing
compared to what we spend to lock people
up and keep them sick and he was
fighting for it so we started doing some
creative things on social media I
started writing about it started forming
these kind of unlikely partnerships to
drive for solutions and we
getting solution you know people started
paying attention to us things picked up
on social media it wasn't happening in
the mainstream media so we really had to
look at like non-traditional means like
Facebook Twitter Instagram op-eds
anything to get our voice out there
because we've been silenced I mean
that's the bottom line
we've been silenced so when you say when
you talk about top-down solutions you're
talking about government solutions
essentially you're talking about people
in the government looking down and
saying this is what we're going to do
and those don't work correct what's
what's missing from them
well I'll cite you know the example is
there's all this money right now that's
been tagged for the opioid crisis when
in fact we have an addiction cart even
though I write about the opioid crisis
is my book because that's my story what
we have is an addiction crisis we need
to be supporting people in recovery from
all sorts of substances you know if we
can take care of the opioid crisis but
what's gonna happen when we you know two
or three years down the line when we're
going into this booming meth crisis or
this benzo crisis the money that's
coming right now is fag specific for
opioid treatment which is medication
assisted treatment which I fully support
it is a viable effective pathway for
people who are seeking care or opioid
addiction but that money is not
trickling down the states to counties to
local communities who actually know what
to do so recover addiction and recovery
is not equal in this country every state
is not equal when it comes to recovery
resources so when the federal government
comes in and says we're going to give
you six hundred billion dollars the
recovery community the people who
actually know what to do with it will be
lucky to get one tenth of one half of
the percentage and I I'm spending a lot
of time in Nevada a lot of time in
California New Hampshire I mean all I
mean rural urban whatever I'm all over
the place and it's the same complaint
the money is going to treat prevention
early intervention and what they call
treatment which right now is medication
which is fine we need treatment money we
need naloxone month let's we'll take it
off
but where the special sauce where I
found recovery and where my friends who
are living and thriving and recovery
have found recovery is in the continuum
of care it's in our community in my
backyard it's in you know it's in Las
Vegas Nevada it's in places where you
know that they have found a solution but
they can't get funding for it and the
government mandates where this money
goes and local communities get screwed
can you be a little bit more specific
about when you say is in the community
is it the fact of the community that
makes the recovery possible or is it
something they are doing at the
community level it's a facility it's
both so having a sense of community and
a peer community to plug into no matter
where you are is probably the most
important thing to do when you're in
recovery from addiction but each
community does different it does
something different right so one
community may be more focused on 12-step
one community another community may be
more focused on faith-based and so you
talk about the the big pharma basically
you talk about the farm a
pharmacological industries which I do
know have have a lot of culpability here
can you be specific about what the
problem is at that level well there's a
lot of problems with big pharma so just
last week I led the largest protest in
front of her to Pharma which i think is
America's number one drug cartel at
their offices in Stamford Connecticut we
had over 500 families show up with their
pictures of their kids and their loved
ones that they had lost and friends that
they had lost and it impacted me greatly
you know we're in the midst of these
state lawsuits the state attorney
generals are taking on against big
pharma opioid manufacturers and
distributors President Trump you know
just directed Attorney General sessions
on the federal lawsuit they are culpable
they created this crisis that is my
opinion and that is actually my personal
experience okay they lied to doctors
they lied to prescribers they lied to
the American public they lied to
Congress they lied to the FDA they
presented false research they prevent
presented false studies three farm three
top four new executives in the 2000s
were
convicted for these crimes they were
fined over six hundred and fifty million
dollars which is a drop in the bucket to
what they should have paid and they made
over thirteen billion dollars that's
piled on tops of hundreds of thousands
of American horses
Big Pharma fueled this crisis from day
one you just need you can trace it with
the time line I mean and I can trace it
with my personal time line you know this
all happened for me in the early 2000s
oxycontin became kind of their signature
drug in the late 90s I remember going I
mean I if I would have known now what I
know if I would have known then what I
know now we'd be in a whole different
spot in terms of where I am on my life
I've probably gotten 10 years of my life
back
I was told these drugs was thing I was
told non-addictive there Purdue Pharma
has some there's still some marketing
videos you could go on YouTube and find
they said that the addictive risk I
think was less than 4% ya know I
absolutely insane I I have to ask you
that I'm running out of time but I I
want to know about the the
transformation in your political ideas
i'm i'm a conservative this is a
conservative station when i hear that
you were in the obama administration and
then you went out and saw america I'd
like to know specifically how did that
affect your political view a I am still
a registered Democrat I'll tell you I am
fighting right now California
Legislature which is a democratic
legislature because of their lack of
response to the opioid crisis I've been
working on pieces of legislation their
consumer protections for people who have
addiction problems running up against
walls with everything from the
governor's office to the Senate to the
assembly and a fully you know a fully
Democratic legislature you know I've
worked with the Trump administration I
meet with the Trump administration on
various occasions I'm speaking to them
all the time I meet with Republican
legislators members of Congress it
hasn't necessarily changed my political
views I'm still a very socially liberal
person socially conscious a person when
it comes to my politics it has changed
my perception though on
being a little bit more independent I
have gone from being you know a liberal
Democrat to being a single-issue voter
and my single issue is the opioid crisis
I've seen great legislation and great
progress more progressive progress
coming out from the Republican Party on
some of these issues and I've seen some
great stuff coming from Democrats too at
the end of this though I'll tell you
coming with the 2018 midterm elections
coming up there is an opportunity for
one of these parties to really
capitalize it I think capitalize on it I
think the case can be made the president
Trump won in part because he spoke to
voters who were impacted by the opioid
crisis better than Hillary did he
absolutely did it clear he won those
states he won those counties they put
him over the top there's 23 million
people living in long-term recovering
the United States there's another 21
million people who are currently
suffering that's 45 million Americans
one in three households is impacted
somehow directly impacted we are a large
constituency when we're organized a very
very large constituency and we happen to
be a single voting in constituency when
the issues are presented to us and were
organized in the right way so I mean
we're doing some phenomenal work around
that there's the first-ever recovery
pact that's coming out of coming out of
Nevada it's organized by Republicans and
Democrats and Republican funders and
Democrat funders it has really made me
more independent I am definitely much
more independent thinker when it comes
to this I have sat across the desk of
some senior Democratic officials senior
Democratic members of Congress and I
feel like banging my head up against the
table and I have done the same thing at
the White House sure they you know they
they you know it's it's all equal when
it comes to this issue one hundred
percent
Ryan Hampton I'd like to talk to you
some more but people are just gonna have
to read your book American fix inside
the opioid addiction crisis and how to
end it I really appreciate your coming
on thanks a lot
Thank You Andrea appreciate it all right
we're running short on time and I want
to do instead of going on to our usual
Tuesday sexual follies I want to stick
with our crappy culture
so I just wanted the reason I wanted to
do this I wanted to bring up this thing
about Steve Bannon who was going to
appear at The New Yorker festival in New
York he was gonna be interviewed by the
editor of The New Yorker David Remnick
and of course all the left-wing children
went mad Judd Apatow said if Steve
Bannon is at the New York festival I am
out I will not take part in an event
that normalizes hate hate they had which
is disagreeing with Judd Apatow
who else did this a couple other people
complained and of course of course
Remnick in The New Yorker caved always
they always cave they have absolute
complete absence of courage all they
have to say is all right if you will not
we feel all voices should be heard if
you won't come don't come it would have
been the last time it might have they
may have had a slightly empty festival
this time next time it would have been
packed if they don't stop apologizing if
people do not stop apologizing and
backing down from this left-wing mob who
the only hateful people in sight and the
only people want to saw Steve Bannon
isn't trying to silence anybody see you
may not like Steve bannon's opinions you
may not like Steve Bennett but he's not
trying to silence anybody they are
silencing people if they don't stop
apologizing it's just gonna get worse
and worse and worse
but here is the thing their censorship
their cowardice is an opportunity for us
it means that the right can take back
start to take back the culture simply by
allowing everybody to have a voice
simply by not backing down simply by not
apologizing if this is not the lesson of
Donald Trump I don't know what is if Dom
if we're not gonna get anything positive
out of Donald Trump's attitude that
makes everybody crazy that I don't know
what we're gonna get out of it what we
should get out of it is we don't
apologize we stand firm we make culture
allowing all the different sides to have
their voice if we don't if we don't let
that opportunity slip it is an amazing
moment for us they have become since
sort the left has become since serious
cowardly mob like and they have just
lost touch with what it meet with what
free speech means we should remember we
should take back the culture and do it
now
all right I got to say goodbye mailbag
tomorrow be there I'm Andrew Clavin this
is the Andrew Clavin show the Andrew
Clavin show is produced by Robert
Sterling executive producer Jeremy
boring senior producer Jonathan hey our
supervising producer is Mathis Glover
technical producer Austin Stevens edited
by Alex zingaro audio is mixed by Mike
kameena hair and makeup is by Jesuit
Vera and our animations are by Cynthia
Angulo and Jacob Jackson the Andrew
Clavin show is a daily wire for word
publishing production copyright for word
publishing 2018
