h/h is for Hollywood Hollywood is where
reality goes to become leftist
everywhere else on earth reality is
conservative in reality America is a
force for good and has had a hand in
securing the freedom of every single
free person on earth
in reality free markets free speech and
freedom of worship make people richer
happier and more productive in reality
punishing criminals harshly leads to
less crime racism is harmful whether it
favors whites or blacks manly men and
womanly women makes stronger families
with happier children in reality
faithful marriages lead to healthier and
better sex and worshiping God gives life
meaning and purpose but that's only in
reality and reality is hard and unfair
that's why we have Hollywood in
Hollywood everything is different in
Hollywood America is bad
and it transforms nice people like Matt
Damon into assassins and then hurts
innocent Muslims who are just minding
their own business in Hollywood free
markets are mean and so wise politicians
have to take businessmen's money away
and give it to the right people yeah as
long as no one takes away the money of
the people who are in the business of
making movies that would be wrong in
Hollywood the best way to have sex is
with a woman you met two scenes ago who
knows how to fall backward in slow
motion onto a bed while magical music
plays from somewhere don't try this at
home in Hollywood religious people just
go around hating gays all day unless the
religious people are black then they
sing gospel music and everything's great
history becomes leftist in Hollywood too
in real history a communist killed
President John F Kennedy because Kennedy
was anti-communist in Hollywood history
like in the movie JFK a conservative
conspiracy killed Kennedy because he was
trying to end the war in Vietnam in real
history President Jimmy Carter's
sanctimonious naivete and incompetence
led to the Islamist takeover of Iran and
the taking of American hostages in
Hollywood history like Argo Carter was a
dignified visionary leader who ended the
crisis peacefully in real history
America has battled oppression in the
form of common
Nazism and Islamism in Hollywood history
from casualties of war to almost every
movie about the war on terror America is
the oppressor invading countries and
killing indigenous people because that's
just the way we roll boy oh boy that
Hollywood it has been so successful at
making reality and history leftist that
reality and history would actually be
leftist if it weren't for the fact that
reality in history remain reality and
history no matter what Hollywood says H
is for Hollywood I'm Andrew Clavin with
the Lefty's dictionary
