the Andrew Cuomo the Governor of New
York was debating Cynthia Nixon and as I
predicted you get Andrew Cuomo in room
with Cynthia Nixon it's not gonna go
well for Andrew Cuomo and the reason
it's not gonna go well for Andrew Cuomo
is because he actually has to govern the
state he actually has to be governor of
the state whereas Cynthia Nixon can sit
on the side and talk smack basically she
couldn't sit there and just yell at
Andrew Cuomo for governing the state and
all he can do is complain about how her
performance was sort of lackluster in
the late seasons of Sex in the City
that's basically his only pitch so they
have this debate and it's just amazing
to watch because it legitimately is like
watching two small children club' each
other with frying pans neither of them
have very compelling points to make but
they make them the most militant
possible way as someone with the two and
a half year old son I'm familiar with
how two and a half year olds argue
basically they say I won't xme say you
can't have X and then they lie on the
floor and they scream and kick that's
basically how the scoober tutorials mate
went but because one of them is the
sitting governor of a state he looks
small compared to Cynthia Nixon who
looks like the surging the surging
candidate I would not be surprised to
see I'll predict her now I would not be
surprised to see Cynthia Nixon pull out
this race it would not surprise me in
the slightest to see Cynthia Nixon surge
from behind and at least make this a
very competitive race right now she's
about 30 points behind in the polls but
the polls are done infrequently and
Andrew Cuomo is one of the more
lackluster candidates I have ever seen
he makes gaffes on a regular basis and
Cynthia Nixon at least has the sincerity
of her convictions and since we live in
a political age where sincerity is
prized far more than actually knowing
things when you being sincere is really
really important but he truly feels this
she truly believes this that's much more
important than you know what the hell
you're talking about
it appears that Cynthia Nixon I think
she won this debate I think she won it
going away and it's really really funny
so here is here's Andrew Cuomo trying to
critique Cynthia Nixon last night by
saying that she lives in a fantasy world
and listen to the audience's response is
over at Hofstra University which is
which would be friendly ground for
Andrew Cuomo except he's running against
the gal from Sex in the City
my opponent lives in the world the
fiction I live in the world of fat
let's do let's just do a few facts okay
the subway system is owned by New York
City okay the reason that he's saying
that is because she said that Andrew
Cuomo is using the MTA as an ATM which
is a clever line it's not exactly true
he's actually right that the MTA is run
by the city of New York and they have
not been contributing their fair share
of the state has been chipping in a lot
of money she's not wrong that he's
directing money away from the MTA and
toward other projects but the fact that
he's getting openly booed in the middle
of debates by people this looks a lot
like Bernie Sanders versus Hillary
Clinton it looks like the
anti-establishment candidate versus the
establishment candidate and the
establishment candidate still has to pay
lip service to you know the things that
actually make the state run whereas
Cynthia Nixon can sit there and say
whatever she wants also Andrew Cuomo
then participates in one of the great
cell phones I have seen in recent debate
history I mean this is a cell phone of
epic proportions you just have that you
just have to listen it's really
incredible can you stop interrupting
yeah as soon as you do be okay that is
what we call an own-goal right there
so he asked her to stop interrupting and
she says as soon as you stop lying he
says I will when you do okay that
logically just just putting on your
logic hat for a minute that means he
just admitted that he lies all the time
and then he will stop lying as soon as
she stops lying so you have two Liars on
the stage is what he's saying which is
why you're the liar or in the famous
words of President Trump you the puppet
he should have said something along
those lines instead he comes back with
I'll stop lying when you just as I say
in the running gun battle for stupidest
Cuomo brother Chris had an early lead in
this episode but Andrew makes a very
late comeback and this is the best part
so Andrew Cuomo goes after Cynthia Nixon
and he wants to accuse her of corruption
so how in the world could he accuse her
of corruption he suggests that she had
engaged in corporate lobbying what was
her corporate lobbying she had asked
that the city of New York and that the
city of New York not allow helicopters
to fly over Central Park during
performances of Shakespeare in the park
because it was disturbing people's
ability to watch the play that was his
example of Cynthia Nixon engaging in
corporate lobbying
good luck
with that Andrew
