well summer is coming to an end and the
political season is about to begin and
you know what that means you're racist
that's right if you're a constitutional
conservative who believes in the
principles of ordered liberty handed
down to us by our founding fathers
that's an obvious dog-whistle because it
causes leftist to make a high-pitched
whining noise that can only be heard by
unattractive Democrats so you're racist
you see leftist like to call
conservatives racist during election
times and and during the run-up to
election times and also during the
period after elections and the period
between elections and during elections
because otherwise they'd have to tell
you how they're planning to steal your
money and by voters with it and that's
not a very good campaign slogan so
you're racist to see this strategy in
action you only have to tune into the
Florida gubernatorial race between
Democrat Andrew Gilliam a socialist
black man who wants to take all your
money and buy votes with it and
Republican Ron de Santos Democrats
declared the Santis racist within 12
hours of his becoming the official
candidate because the Santas used the
word monkey
apparently Democrats think black people
are like monkeys so when a Republican
says the word monkey they feel he's
being racist because monkeys remind
Democrats of black people so you're
racist other reasons Republicans will be
called racist include trying to win
elections when everyone knows the
Democrats like black people better so
that's racist and of course protesting
when Democrats allow dead black people
to vote over and over again that's
racist against dead black people and
everyone knows dead black people who
earn only 38 cents on the dollar for the
same job done by a living white person
now you may say that's because the
living white person will actually do the
job he's given whereas a dead black
person will just sit there because he's
dead but that's because you're racist
enjoy the election season racist trigger
warning I'm Andrew Clavin and this is
the Andrew Clavin show
is tickety-boo there's a we need also
sing
see Topsy the Zipit easing its
my friends I greet you on the edge the
cliff the verge of the great Clavin this
weekend that will go on for days and
days Friday through Monday I do not know
how you will survive but if you do you
can crawl back here and on Tuesday we
will still be here handing out little
food packets and Red Cross you know
things for you and today to tide you
over we have the great Heather McDonald
one of the best reporters in the country
if the Pulitzer Prize were the Pulitzer
Prize she would have several Pulitzer
Prizes she is just great and she has
written a book called make sure I got
the title right the diversity delusion
the diversity delusion how race and
gender pandering corrupt the university
and undermined our culture now listen a
lot of people could tell you that Boland
branch sheets are comfortable and help
you sleep and that would be true but
it's only because they're wimps who
sleep here on the Andrew Clavin show we
never sleep so we've lie awake all night
and we know just how comfortable Boland
branches are because we never sleep we
don't you know we don't sleep through
our bowl and brent sheets we sit there
going these are great now I can sit here
and with existential dread staring at
the ceiling in really really comfortable
seats and what makes them unique because
each sheet is crafted from a hundred
percent organic cotton and that means
ball and branch sheets are not only they
not only feel incredible but they also
look great and since Boland branch sells
exclusively online you don't pay that
expensive retail markup yet that's half
the price for twice the quality you'll
love these sheets try them for 30 nights
and see for yourself if you're not
impressed return them for a full refund
but don't go to sleep because you'll
miss the sheets go to Boland branch calm
today and you will get $50 off your
first set of sheets plus free shipping
in the US when you use the promo code
Clavin that's $50 off plus free us
shipping right now at Boland branch calm
and spelled Bo ll and branch calm promo
code Clavin bowl and branch calm promo
code Clavin you can lie awake all night
thinking about the big questions like
how do you spell Clavin it's que la vie
aan so I'm gonna go back to that little
kerfuffle in Florida that I was talking
about in the opening and an hour but I
want to first I want to just continue
a little bit what I was talking about
yesterday I was talking about the fact
when you watch the news now the story is
not the story the story is the agenda
but that really goes on in in this
florida story racism isn't racism racism
is socialism racism is they're selling
socialism they know you don't want
socialism so they're gonna shout racism
the the racism is not racism racism is
the agenda and morality is not morality
for the left
it's the agenda you know they this this
is kind of a minor story but still kind
of interesting you know comedian louis
c.k who i think is a really really funny
comedian he made an appearance on sunday
night at the Comedy Cellar in New York
right and this is after he was accused
of exposing himself and masturbating in
front of women and you know doing all
this kind of disgusting stuff and he so
the me2 thing happened and he was thrown
off out of the world we ejected him from
the planet he's been orbiting out in
space but he came back into the 15
minutes set and in the New York Times
this woman said you know she was
attacking them for doing this she said I
have to believe there's a path to
redemption for people who've done wrong
but nine months of self-imposed exile
and financial comfort is not a point
along that path it is far too soon for
any of the men who have faced the
marginal consequences born of the me2
movement to think about redemption
people love a comeback narrative and all
too often they yearn for this narrative
at the expense of victims who are only
beginning to reconcile with their
suffering now the owner of the comedy
club guy named domed warm and he issued
a statement he said we're living in the
dark ages of people having things they
believe that they know that they can't
say out loud and feeling that you have
to come to a conversation with already
the correct point of view you're not
allowed to discuss it be wrong be
informed by someone else's opinion
conversation is meaningless conversation
in this day and age is just for two
people to agree to talk about what they
agree about so he's saying he wanted you
know louis ck's voice in there you know
to include him in the conversation now
all this is fine what louis c.k did if
he did it i mean oh he did admit to it
he said he said he had done this stuff
so what louis c.k did was disgusting
inappropriate whatever you want to say
immoral but what i want to ask is like
what are the rules what are the rules of
louis c.k exposes himself i mean it's
not like we're living in a world of
chastity where everybody agrees that the
only proper sexual relationship is
between a married man and his
wife that would be one thing we all
agreed to that then I could see why we
would be censorious about people who
didn't follow those rules but it's not I
mean right now out in the desert right
they have Burning Man everybody's taking
drugs and screwing everybody no that's
wonderful that is wonderful
louis c.k exposes himself that's bad but
if the gay pride parade comes down the
street and the guy isn't wearing any
pants oh that's wonderful of a feminist
parade comes down the street and they
expose their breasts because that's
their protest that's terrific that's
excellent but if Louise cheek
it doesn't but it seems that's bad I'm
not saying it's good I'm not making
excuses for him I just saying what are
the rules I mean you know that I think
about Kevin Spacey all the time Kevin
Spacey accused of like you know
harassing young men all over in all of
his sets and all this stuff and he was
bounced off house of cards every single
person on house of cards
especially the people in authority every
single person knew that he was doing
that every single person it was only
when the me2 accusations came to light
that it suddenly became an issue why is
Kevin Spacey the only guy who has to
quit why is Kevin Spacey the only guy
who has to quit I mean now they're
talking about this guy I think his first
name is Andrew lack who let Matt Lauer
do what he was doing you know why is
Matt Lauer the only person all the
people in power knew about Harvey
Weinstein everybody knew why is it only
Harvey Weinstein who goes down so I'm
just asking what are the rules because
the people the people who argue for
chastity the people who say the only
right sex is between a man and a woman
who are married they make sense that
makes sense I know what that means my
own point of view is a little bit more
loosey-goosey I think the world is very
a lot of variety I think chastity is a
good thing but I kind of define it a
little bit more loosely I think you know
we should treat each other excellently
we should make sure that our bodies are
expressions of the true feelings of our
hearts and not just being used using
people especially using women because I
think that's the truth of it using women
for our own personal pleasure as objects
but I know that people are very have a
lot of variety and I just don't want to
I don't want to worry about what other
people are doing it's not part of my
life but even in this Pope scandal I
mean it is unbelievable the way the New
York Times is covering this priest
scandal and the fact that it is now
involved the Pope now I want to just
make sure you understand that the New
York Times when conservative
Pope Benedict was the Pope they went
after him if he walked by a house where
somebody had been abused it was like the
Pope that scandal is coming closer to
the Pope at one point Ratzinger's
brother the Pope's brother who was
directing a choir that was connecting to
a border boarding school where two
students had come forward with abuse
claims that somehow embroiled the Pope
this is the New York Times this is they
said oh that Imbros it that it's already
coming close to the Pope the scandals
coming close to the Pope because his
brother directed a choir associated with
a school where two former students and
said they were abused that involved the
Pope but now now with this letter from
the Archbishop of igano I think it's
pronounced vegan oh who says Pope
Francis knew that there was an abuse of
priests and he covered up for it that
suddenly is is a problem because Pope
Francis is pro gay or basically he's
hinted that he's Pro gay so suddenly
suddenly we're getting from the New York
Times these hit jobs on Archbishop
Vigano known for his short temper and
ambition they say big enogh has clashed
with superiors who stunted his ascent in
the church and has played a key role in
some of the most stunning Vatican
scandals of recent times while
Archbishop began a Vigano was who was
once criticized by church traditionals
as overly pragmatic has aligned himself
with a small but influential group of
church traditionalists who have spent
years seeking to stop Francis many of
his critics think his personal grudges
are central to his motivation so it
doesn't matter rape children doesn't
matter you know seduced young men
doesn't matter disavowed you know put
set you're religious about thousand at
not doesn't matter louis c.k is the
problem again not giving any quarter to
louis c.k but what are the rules the
rules are not the rules the moral rules
are not the rules they are the agenda
these people have absolutely no moral
authority you know the Pope I have to
say this the pope tweeted this morning
we Christians are not selling a product
we are communicating a lifestyle and I
thought to myself yeah that's what some
of us worry about I think it's a
Christian lifestyle that you're
communicating it's like yeah we're
communicating a lifestyle
some really fun and then you get the
boys you know anyway you know then by
the way he changed that tweet that we're
I forget where we're modeling life or
something like that he changed it but
the minute I saw that I thought write
your own jokes folks I'm not going
anywhere not selling a product so you
know so here here again we see with
Donald Trump you know yesterday I played
this hilarious clip that suddenly stormy
Daniels is being rehabilitated and she's
just a fun working mom could we play it
just a little bit of that clip again
this is from a vogue thing it's
basically the the leftist media has
gotten together decided they're going to
make her a hero remember the New York
time she was a feminist hero and then
Vogue had this and Amy chosing said this
about stormy Daniels biggest takeaway
after sitting down with her I think just
how you know fun she is I think I think
people have a perception about porn
stars and what their kind of sex field
lives are like I mean she's a working
mom she's a working mom she's got her
horses in Texas a gun she's got a gun
she's a fun working mom so so just to be
sure about this just so we gotta cut if
you're a porn star so you're making
degrading videos that we've heard for
years for decades from the feminists are
degrading toward women you know you're
making those pictures and then you sleep
with another woman's husband and then
you extort money from him and then you
ditch you and you agree to take the
money and be silent and then you're not
silent you are a feminist hero and a fun
you're a fun working mom you know you're
a fun working mom this is not again not
letting Trump off the hook but what are
the rules what did he do he so he did he
cheated on his wife and then he paid her
off he did essentially the other side of
what she did
why is he to blame what's wrong with him
you're gonna say it's a campaign finance
violation at first of all no it's not
probably but so what you know so what he
did the same thing so if she's a hero
he's a hero what are the rules doesn't
matter right because morality is not
morality morality is the agenda so with
that let's go back to this Florida race
and let's take a look at this because it
is absolutely unbelievable that what
they're doing here this was a very
surprising race right Ron de santis won
big in the primary for the Republicans
because he had Trump's backing once
again Donald Trump showing that he has a
lot of power with the conservative with
the Republican base and
Andrew Gilliam came out of nowhere mayor
of Tallahassee Bernie bro right Bernice
appointment he's a socialist he is a
socialist says he's definitely wants to
see Trump impeached and he wins out of
nowhere showing that the polls can't
pick up they can't pick up who's gonna
show up for these offbeat elections they
do not know who's gonna show up so the
polls mean absolutely nothing and it
means you should show up in November do
not stay home in November if you do not
want to see Donald Trump hounded out of
office by crazed Democrats if you do not
want this hatred you see in the media to
be realized and instantiate it in our
politics you better show up in November
and let the pollsters not know you're
coming
and vote for whoever is your local
Republican because you're gonna want to
hold the house but but that so that came
as a surprise Ron de santis then comes
on TV I think on Fox and he makes the
following statement so let's look at him
first this is cut 7 Florida elections
are always competitive and you know this
is a guy who although he's much too too
liberal for Florida I think he's got
huge problems with how he's governed
Tallahassee you know he is an articulate
spokesman for those far left views and
he's a charismatic candidate and you
know I watched those Democrat debates
none of that it was my cup of tea
but I mean he performed better than the
other people there so so we've got to
work hard to make sure that we continue
Florida going in a good direction let's
build off the success we've had on
Governor Scott the last thing we need to
do is to monkey this up by trying to
embrace a socialist agenda with huge tax
increases and bankrupting the state that
is not going to work that's not going to
be good for Florida so I have to say the
way that some of the press reported this
was absolutely disgusting the hill CNN
they had headlines that said you know
the Santas says it's it's monkeying
things up to vote for a black candidate
now you just heard it I just played it
you started it come out of his mouth he
was talking about socialism he was
praising Andrew Gilliam he was saying
what a talented guy he was what he was
saying that his philosophy it's really
clear what he was saying saying his
philosophy was no good but Gilliam
pounced on this like crazy if they can
find any you had see the whole point is
to make you watch you
tongue so you can't think straight the
whole point is to make you watch if you
slip if you say something that can be
spun it you know you have to always be
thinking so you can't really think as
clearly as you want to if you're a
candidate
so Gilliam just absolutely makes hay out
of this on again on Fox clear that mr.
DeSantis is taking a page directly from
the campaign manual of Donald Trump but
I think he's got another thing coming to
him if he thinks that in today's day and
age Florida voters are going to respond
to that level of derision and division
they're sick of it what we're trying to
offer in this race was that racist or a
for everyone although as a state was
that racist or a figment of speak well
well in the the handbook of Donald Trump
they no longer do whistle calls they're
now using full bull horns and that was
about what I've got to say about that is
that we've got to make sure that we stay
focused I think on the issues that
confront everyday people I'm not going
to get down in the gutter with this
Santis and Trump there's enough of that
going on I'm gonna try and stay high and
try to talk about with the North Star in
the future is for the state of Florida
and the people of this state and I think
that's what people want they're just so
sick of this divisive de-risking
tanana's now infiltrated the politics of
this state be severe on DeSantis well
first of all I'm glad he's gonna stay
high because if this election is gonna
go this way I'm gonna stay high to its
Hill I'm gonna get through it but that
was expert democrat politics because he
says look how divisive he is being
because he said you know monkey and it's
Trump Trump Trump Trump's erases
therefore he's a racist I mean it's just
all BS because the guy was talking about
socialism and that's what Andrew Gilliam
doesn't want to talk about he doesn't
want to talk about the fact the
Tallahassee's been lagging behind other
cities in the Florida economy while he
was mayor he doesn't wanna talk about
that he doesn't want to talk about what
socialism means what it means is that
your work your time your life belongs to
the state and can be your money can be
spent the way the state says not the way
you say he doesn't want to talk about
that he wants to talk about monkey
let's just look one more time again at
at him using this phrase to see if it
really is a dog whistle I come from
Chicago so so I want to be honest it's
not as if it's just Republicans who have
monkeyed around with elections in the
past sometimes Democrats have to wait
now that I hear it again maybe it was a
little race oh wait that was Obama just
adjust just a minute here not only was
that Obama using that racist phrase he
was he was running against McCain and
now McCain's dead is that a coincidence
I don't think so my friends I mean this
is ridiculous just just come out and say
it Andrew just come out and say I'm a
socialist you want to vote for that see
how far you get see how far you get with
this thing my rule is this if you are
running for office if you are asking the
American people for power you cannot
hide behind the color of your skin you
got to play the game on the same field
as everybody else you know if Andrew if
Ron de santis would say that to a white
man and he would and he can say it to a
black man this thing about dog whistles
crap if you can't hear it it's not there
this thing about Oh secret subterranean
bigotry crap I mean even little babies
react to more kindly to people who look
like the people around them so maybe we
all have that a little bit in our heads
but that's all of us that's blacks and
whites if you I have a philosophy if
you're fossa if he is racist I will
stand against you down to the wire I
will stand against you if I believe that
you are a racist but I don't believe in
your secret dog whistle of garbage it is
just garbage you it's like Ocean's
eleven you're in or you're out you're
running or you're not if you're running
run on your policies let the people see
what you believe you're a socialist
you're standing with Bernie you're
standing with a guy who honeymooned in
the Soviet Union right in a slave state
of the Soviet Union you're standing with
a guy who stood with the Communists and
Nicaragua who stood with the communists
in Cuba you're standing next to me I
want to hear about that I don't want to
hear about the color of your skin I
don't give a rat's I really don't and so
I I think this is gonna cost them votes
I think they pulled this trick too many
times and they pulled it too fast
because again what are the rules of
racism it's what you know what are the
rules what are the rules are using the
word monkey I've never
stood by that is a net you know I mean
obviously if you call you know if you
say that to a black person directly oh
yeah you're a monkey that's racist but
if you're just using the phrases we all
use it he's monkeying around whatever
you know whatever we use it for because
we're all related to monkeys obviously
if you if you're usually it that way I
just do not see it what are the rules
what are the rules of sex what are the
rules of racism and what are the rules
of lying because CNN has been calling
Donald Trump a liar since you know he
came down the elevator in Trump Tower
every single thing if he says oh the
crowd was bigger than it was you know oh
what a liar what a liar they know you
know if you say if you like your doctor
you can keep your doctor but if you say
your crowds are bigger and you're Donald
Trump you are a liar so they went nuts
with this story about about Michael
Cohen's lawyer right Lanny Davis said
that Cowan had information wet he was a
source saying that Cowan had information
about this meeting with Donald Trump in
Trump Tower and I gotta hand it to Sean
Hannity Sean Hannity I'm gonna be
playing the Hannity montage cut eight
shut Sean Hannity put together a montage
of them breaking this story that maybe
Donald Trump had knowledge about a
meeting where nothing happened that
nobody cares about
except CNN right except the network's
except the people who hate Donald Trump
nobody cares about this meeting it's a
garbage meeting Don jr. I think made a
mistake when he agreed to meet with a
Russian lawyer who said she might have
dirt on Hillary Clinton he was a novice
he probably know what he was doing it's
a minor minor mess-up it is not spying
on you know on America for Russia it's
nonsense
the whole story is nonsense but boy oh
boy when they thought they got the story
and and they got it from journalistic
legend Carl Bernstein Journal that all
my goodness
so Hannity put together this montage and
breaking the story it's great of what
the president knew and when he knew
about an event that is central to this
special councils Russia investigation
tonight sources with knowledge tell
myself and Carl that Michael Cohen
claims that then candidate Donald Trump
knew in advance about the June 2016
meeting
Trump Tower in which Russians were
expected to offer his campaign dirt on
Hillary Clinton it's very very
significant because the president has
denied any foreknowledge of this event
in this meeting goes to the question of
intent to collude you've been saying for
a year that we need to follow the money
follow the lies and figure out this
cover-up so how did you do it in this
case talk is about how you got this
reporting well I talked to sources
sources cuz Carl Bernstein sources you
know all the president's men remember
when Robert Redford met with the guy and
you know in the parking lot the sources
you know except except here was his
source Lanny Davis has now said he was
the source and here's what he says now
so Michael Cohen does not have
information that President Trump knew
about the Trump Tower meeting with the
Russians beforehand or you know it is
not that's that's your source Carl and
the crazy thing is the crazy thing is
CNN won't take it back so now Trump they
won't they won't this you know disavow
the story they will not disavow the
story they stand by their sources CNN so
Trump tweets you got a love Trump
because when he's got him on the ropes
and he's so this is the thing about
Donald Trump that I am with him a
hundred percent the press is corrupt the
press lies the press is one-sided and
Trump is a hundred percent right about
this there is no air here there's no
space between what Trump is saying and
the truth he's got it right and he
tweets CNN is being torn apart from
within based on their being caught in a
major lie and refusing to admit the
mistake sloppy Carl Bernstein a man who
lives in the past and thinks like a
degenerate fool oh man this is this is
prime Trump I love it a med Carla sloppy
Carl Bernstein a man who lives in the
past and thinks like a degenerate fool
making up story after story is being
laughed at all over the country fake
news and CNN gets its back up and
instead of saying yeah we made a mistake
and we always make a mistake on only one
side instead of just saying it CNN
tweets
make no mistake they always go it's like
it's the John Brennan school of response
they go for the pomposity they become
gas bags you know
make no mistake mr. president CNN does
not lie they lied
we report the news and people in power
tell lies
like ourselves which we don't report CNN
stands by our reporting and our
reporters even when they're completely
wrong and incompetent there may be many
fools in this story but Carl Bernstein
is not one of them what's funny about
this is if you go back and read the book
all the President's Men if you go back
which is written by Bernstein Woodward
if you go back and watch the movie
Bernstein's in the incompetent one
Bernstein's the irresponsible one versus
the one who's always being reined in by
the post management saying you haven't
got the story you haven't got the story
he is the one there's a scene in the
movie where Redford says as Woodward
says I'm a Republican and Bernstein like
it's all upset he gives him this look
you like oh my god you're a Republican
Bernstein was the guy who was kind of
incompetent and who was riding on
Woodward's coattails and and there's a
story over Breitbart by Curtis Ellis
calling that in the 70s Bernstein wrote
this big Rolling Stone story complaining
that the CIA used the New York Times
Washington Post CBS and other American
news organizations during the Cold War
to gather intelligence and provide cover
for its agents and even shaped news
reports and now of course Bernstein is
sitting on CNN with James clapper and
John Brennan perfidious gasps back Jamba
Brennan so this is not a guy who's
necessarily an icon this is not somebody
we need to respect you've got a great
story once but when you look back at
that story you start to wonder you know
hey if you got were you guys always this
dishonest was Nixon treated unfairly I
mean I I think Nixon was a pretty dark
character who did some dark things but
maybe they overstated it maybe that you
know they wouldn't have gone after him
in fact they didn't go after Kennedy
they knew they knew about the corruption
in the Kennedy administration then they
covered it up same people Ben Bradley
they covered it up so you know these
guys aren't legends these guys are
legends in their own mind
they're only legends because they write
the legends there are and and we Trump
is right about them Trump is right about
it so all my call I'm asking is what are
the rules that's my only question I'll
play by the rules if the rules are
chastity then
stormy Daniels and Donald Trump are both
you know ill-behaved but if the rules
are like that
stormy is a fun mom who's a you know
feminist icon but Trump's a bad guy I
don't get it I don't get it and if the
rule is when Donald Trump Lite says he
had a bigger crowd than he really did
he's a liar
what is CNN what is CNN if CNN is you
know the most trusted name in news I'm
the queen of Romania you know that's all
I want to know have we got Heather we
gotta back out great I had the McDonald
listen I cannot say enough good things
about Heather McDonald she is my
colleague over at City Journal she is
one of the best reporters in the country
I always flatter you when I see a
Heather but it's all true the Thomas W
Smith fellow at the Manhattan Institute
had contributed an editor city journal
she is also in the New York Times
bestselling author in her latest book is
the diversity delusion which comes out
officially September 4th I'm sure you
can pre-order now how race and gender
pandering corrupt the University and
undermine our culture as usual Heather
you are you know reticent and shy about
your opinions and but it's it's
wonderful to see you how are you it's
always pleasure a pleasure let's let us
talk about this this is basically you're
talking about the gender and race
business so we're talking about let's
start with race what what is this what
does this mean why why you start out by
saying affirmative action as a disaster
why is affirmative action a disaster
well it harms its alleged beneficiaries
you know we've been having us I think by
now sterile debate for the last 40 years
about its constitutional validity under
you know these very arcane standards of
review the real problem with affirmative
action as far as I'm concerned goes
beyond reverse racism it's the fact that
you are bringing people into academic
environments for which they are not
prepared and you're setting them up to
fail let's take it out of the race
context let's let's take it as a gender
example let's say I have 650 math SATs
but MIT decides it needs to have more
females so it can look out over its
diverse realm and they admit me and all
of my peers
we're admitted on merit not on the
ridiculous
fact of what's between their legs and
they have 800s on their math math SATs
what's gonna happen to be my first year
I'm gonna bomb out because I'm not gonna
be able to keep up with freshman
calculus or advanced calculus and even
if I'd come in wanting to be an engineer
I'm gonna look around and say I can't
hack it and I'll probably end up in
women's studies if I stay at MIT at all
because the the classes will be pitched
for the average capacity of the students
not to me if I with my 650 math SATs if
I'd gone instead of MIT to maybe Boston
College which is a perfectly respectable
school and my peers all had 600 650s on
math I'd keep up and I would probably
persist in my intention to become an
engineer the same thing happens with
blacks and even more tragically it turns
out according to one study at Duke that
a larger percentage of black male
freshmen want to major in a science
field when they come in as freshmen than
white males about 70% of the black males
admitted to Duke intend to be an
engineer or a physicist what happens to
them they all change majors they can't
hack it so we end up with fewer black
scientists than we would have otherwise
had had they been admitted to University
of North Carolina so the it's a it's a
it's a oppressive and and sadistic
policy on the part of these preening
admissions directors and college
presidents that want to feel noblesse
oblige when they look out over their
diverse realm to admit students who are
patently not going to be able to keep up
does that also infect the sending side
affirmative action specifically but the
notion that race is the all-important
definition of human of humanity does
that infect the culture of the
university altogether means is it
less than our education system
altogether well absolutely but you know
what I will tell you the dirty secret of
these protests that we've been having
over the last couple years the black
lives matter protest on campus the
Dian's the you know oh we're dying cries
from from Yale students or Princeton
black students saying we're sick and
tired of being sick and tired the
maudlin statement of the century when it
comes out of a black Princeton students
mouth the reason that race becomes this
main issue and and the students go
around claiming that they're victims of
microaggressions or explicit racism is
precisely because of racial preferences
what's known as mismatch they're brought
into these schools they can't keep up
they have to they have two options they
can say I was admitted as a quota or
they could say I'm an impressive
oppressive environment and the reason
I'm not feeling comfortable in my
chemistry class is because the teacher
is using a racist patriarchal teaching
method like expecting me to learn facts
so the racial preferences are driving a
lot of this but certainly I mean it's
part of this whole just poisonous
identity politics which starts on campus
and then is bleeding very fast into the
world at large we're seeing the science
fields within universities being
infected by gender and race quotas and
in tech companies in in corporations
across the country meritocracy is being
thrown overboard at a really alarming
rate in favor of racial and gender
diversity which means lowering hiring
staff oh yeah every all the standards go
down talking about your new book the
diversity delusion how race and gender
pandering corrupt the university and
undermine our culture always great
writing great reporting from Heather
McDonald let's talk about something that
always really bothers me this idea that
of microaggressions put these two
together microaggressions and
subconscious racism is that even a thing
are those real things no they're not I
mean it's
it's basically an implicit
acknowledgement that we have done very
well when it comes to purging this
country's truly deplorable past it
becomes harder and harder to find
explicit actual racism the reality in
every institution that's in the
mainstream today and any large
institution is precisely the opposite
you cannot find a single institution
today whether it's a university a
corporation a bank a nonprofit media
Hollywood publishing that is not
exercising preferences in favor of
minorities and against whites I would
hate to be a white male today I may be
white which is a count against me but
I'm a female so sadly I've been the
so-called beneficiary of gender quotas
throughout my life which nauseates me
but but the microaggression conceit
which is let's let's look at some of the
classic microaggressions there was a
period two years ago where model and
self-pitying students would put together
these little videos with white boards
and they would list behind them the
microaggressions that they've been
subjected and one of them was you'd like
in your freshman mixer and somebody
comes up to you and says so like what
are you and this is microaggression well
let's put it this in context we live in
a world where we're told that the most
important thing about somebody is his
race and ethnic identity and so this is
sort of a clumsy way of asking okay so
you're Samoan Lotion Cherokee what are
you now rather than getting all hot
under the collar about this and running
to your Dean and demanding a new
Diversity cinah cure you know a new
diversity vice provost how about just
saying well you know I'm Louis and
Samoan and half Cherokee what are you
but that's what students are now running
to their Dean's about in tears and
saying they need protection from I would
say that the response
ability of those adults on campus is to
teach students to distinguish between a
real problem and a fake problem and my
questions are a fake problem that should
not stand in the way of their getting
the best education they can you know on
the on the side of gender you have a
story in here about Columbia the I think
was called the sexual respect initiative
is that what could yeah could you
explain what that is well you know this
means as a graduate student studying a
actually important subject for once that
unfortunately he won't allow me to even
reveal because he's so worried he said
we can now no longer have freedom of
conscious the sexual respect initiative
was a mandate for every graduate student
and every undergraduate student in order
to graduate they had to go through these
ridiculous re-education options like
they could they could attend a healing
therapy aromatherapy session for campus
rape survivors or they can watch a video
on toxic masculinity or they could
attend a feminist play of you know how
awful it is to be a female at Columbia
today and and they all embraced all of
these options for learning sexual and
respect embraced a particular view of
sex on campus which is the more the
better unless you have regrets in which
you've because you've been raped and and
this student this this graduate student
who again is studying something that we
should all be grateful that he's
studying because it preserves the
heritage of Western civilization happens
to be a religious conservative and he
does not believe that endless
promiscuous premarital sex is the best
thing for students be engaged in but
there were no options there were no
sexual respect options for him that
might have said well you know one way to
respect your boyfriend or girlfriend
is to be abstinent until marriage this
really was was forcing a particular type
of politicized sexual agenda on every
single Columbia student what always gets
me about this is it seems to reduce
women to the state of hysterical
Victorians I mean you even use the word
the fainting couch and one of your one
of your essays it our girls on campus
being raped at an incredible rate or
something or is that ridiculous it's
completely ridiculous can we put this in
context Andrew so what's the claim that
the Obama administration used endlessly
joe biden the title nine you know due
process oficer ation it's one in four -
one in five college women who were
supposed to say I would prefer girls are
going to be sexually assaulted during
their campus experience well a one in
four one in five violent crime rate even
over four years is beyond anything that
we know of in human society it's beyond
the worst African civil wars Detroit our
most violent crime most violent city has
a 2% violent crime rate for all for
violent felonies that's murder rape
aggravated assault and robbery if this
was the case if we were living through a
sexual violence epidemic of that
proportion you would have seen a mad
rush to create single sex schools
decades ago highly educated mothers no
longer Baby Boomers now what are they
Millennials or Generation X I don't know
but they're there they're younger than
baby boomers meaning they have been even
more brainwashed by feminism they are
sending their pre kindergarteners
daughters to $250 an hour tutoring to
get them into the most elite
kindergarten in New York City in order
to make sure that they go to Harvard and
Yale and Stanford 16 years later they're
in
apparently sending their kids into their
daughters into a rape scene of climactic
proportions with with with eagerness and
and and intensity competitive fervor it
does not the story does not add press of
reaction to a crisis that doesn't even
exist which is kind of a almost the
definition of leftism I'm running out of
time let me ask you do you when you look
at all this I mean you you're so steeped
in this do you despair or power do you
see the culture turning around at any
point what do you see in the future well
I'll be perfectly honest I no one else
to say this I'm pretty much in despair
but I do think that what we need to do
above all is to hit back against this
the primary fallacy underlying all of
this and it's behind the campus free
speech crisis as well is the idea that
America is fundamentally racist and
sexist and you Andrew have been one of
the most important voices out there to
dispute that lie as long as that lie
holds and campuses are its Guardian
we're gonna have this assault on the
Western tradition and civilization and
humanities we have to return colleges to
their core mission which is passing on
the inheritance our precious inheritance
to students we have to say we're not a
racist and sexist culture alumni have to
stop funneling billions into their alma
mater z' until they do due diligence and
make sure that they're not involved in
identity politics and in the meantime
parents just have to be very careful
with what their students are studying
and make sure that to educate them
before they get to college and the
importance of learning great books great
literature and great philosophy Heather
McDonald you're one of my heroes as you
know you know the diversity delusion is
the new book you're always so nice when
I talk to you and then you go out in the
street you're like this tough-guy
reporter I'm not sure not sure which is
the real you
but anyway it's great to see you I hope
I get to see you again soon me too thank
you so much she's the best she really I
should she really is a great reporter
you get the book the diversity of
Illusion also read her in city journal
where she
rights continually and she is always on
top of things and never mince his words
i if it's true when I talked to her she
oh he's so sweet nice and then she goes
I'm she just tears into people on the
street
alright the stuff I like it's time for
Clavin um let's
that's a good one I like that one just
white why did why did all right
so this is a very very buzzy stuff right
now the sharp objects on HBO based on
the Gillian Flynn movie and starring Amy
Adams who is well I'll talk about that
in a minute she's just such a great
actress but this is getting out just a
lot of buzz I've watched the entire
thing beginning to end the book let me
talk about the book first because I
really do think a Gillian Flynn is a
genuine talent she's the author
obviously of gone girl and one of the
things about her that I've said this
before but I think people don't realize
is that because she writes kind of
thrillers people judge her on her
thrillers and as a thriller writer
myself I think some are thrillers are
weirdly she's only got three books but
the plots aren't always that great but
she is a great satirist
and as a satirist myself I say that
she's a terrific satirist you satires
American mores and morals and her
thriller stories are really like gone
girl is really a satire of marriage
sharp objects is a satire of kind of
down-home you know southern life and it
is a southern gothic and I have to tell
you it is so dark it is so incredibly
dark that if you are not in the mood for
that you don't want to watch it or read
it if you do want to experience it read
the novel first because the novel is
great then and and they mess up some of
it in the in the HBO show but the HBO
show is also spectacularly well done Amy
Adams is a movie star in an era where
there are no movie stars in other words
she is somebody who can deliver a
different role but always remain Amy
Adams I mean that was what the great
movie stars could do could be like James
Stewart and Spencer Tracy you know they
were different in each part but they
were also the same in each part and Amy
Adams can do that she is incredibly
attractive I oh I love the fact that you
know because of she plays a cutter in
this was somebody who cuts herself and
so she is has her clothes off a lot of
times even though it's there's not it's
not nudity but she has you know she's in
bra and panty she looks like an actual
woman which I find happened to find
incredibly attractive she doesn't look
like she's been photoshopped or she's
been in the gym for a hundred hours
every day you know
looks like an actual human being which I
just find incredibly attractive she's a
wonderful actress this thing let me play
a piece of this it gives you a good
sense of it what we have a little clip
of it
she's plays a reporter who is got a lot
of emotional problems and she is sent
home by her kind of fatherly editor she
is sent back to the small town she got
out of windgap Missouri I think it may
be some not in a different state in the
book but anyway in the movie it's
windgap Missouri and she is sent back
because there have been two murders and
she is sent back into her home where she
grew up with this very very oppressive
mom and she she had a sister who died
and now she's got a new sister whom she
hardly knows and here's a scene where
they are all sitting at dinner after
they think they've caught the killer the
person who has done these murders and
the she the reporter doesn't believe it
and here she comes down to dinner I just
read that we imported from Romania
so it's this southern dinner party and
then lighting is beautiful the food is
beautiful and the daughters obviously
it'll or drugs or something and that
we're and they're just talking about
death death death and it's a that's kind
of catches the whole tone of the thing
it's like the attempt at normalcy in a
civilization that is collapsing it is
really good I recommend that you read
the novel first Gillian Flynn is a
really talented writer this and gone
girl or two best books the third book is
not quite as good as these but they're
really they really are good but then
watch the show if only for Amy Adams
performance but also I found it really
riveting even though as I say a very
very dark stuff and speaking of dark
stuff we now go into the long four day
clayvin list weekend it's kind of like I
don't know what you do just got you know
gather together your old Clavin shows
and like cling to them like like a piece
of driftwood in this stormy ocean we
will be back here on Tuesday the
election season will begin the summer
will end the election season will begin
we'll be going right into the vortex I
will take you through it I will lead you
through it like Moses into the Promised
Land or something I'm Andrew Clavin this
is the Andrew Klay Michelle have a great
vacation survivors gather here on
Tuesday
the Andrew Klavan show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover technical producer Austin Stevens
edited by Alex zingaro audio is mixed by
Mike Carmina hair and makeup is by
Jesuit Vera and our animations are by
Cynthia Angulo and Jacob Jackson the
Andrew Clavin show is a daily wire for
word publishing production copyright for
word publishing 2018
