as for pushing the Pope out
after I said that yesterday a lot of
people have have you know this is I'm
not the only one who's been saying this
and there are others who have objected
saying well there's it's really no way
to push a pope out I mean what are you
talking about
there's no reason to talk about it
because it's impossible to do I don't
think that's true
I think there is a way to get rid of a
pope if you want to put it that way
that's how you want to phrase it to my
knowledge there isn't any mechanism in
place to officially have the Pope
removed from office so in that in that
sense there is nothing we can do but in
that same sense we as individuals have
little power to have anyone in any
context removed from any position you
couldn't even get the you couldn't even
get rid of the local dominos assistant
manager in your neighborhood if you
wanted to I mean you you you couldn't do
it on your own
you you personally really cannot remove
anyone from anything if we're being
honest right you and I are people of
with basically no power and on our own
we can't remove anyone from anything but
as groups we have virtually I think
unlimited power in these kinds of
situations because if the group is large
enough and loud enough and consistent
enough it can basically push anyone from
any position if the position is dominos
assistant manager well then the group
probably doesn't need to be that large
if the position is is you know if some
political office then the the group
needs to be much much larger but it
can't happen for the Pope the group
needs to be extremely extremely
extremely large but it can happen and
this needs to be a group that is armed
with prayer and righteous anger
if it turns out that the Pope is guilty
and it's not looking good for him
let's be honest but if these allegations
can be confirmed or if there is enough
corroboration so as to make the fact
completely overwhelmingly clear or if
the Pope as I said tries to ignore this
completely and thus proves the existence
of a cover-up by his lack of denial in
his lack of action well then I think
it'll be time for Catholics to rise up
around the globe to take to the streets
organize rallies but pressure on their
bishops to to put pressure themselves on
the Vatican
that's that's what I mean by pressuring
pushing it's just a matter if we get to
this point I'm not saying we're there
yet but if we get to this point then
it's a matter of rising up making your
anger known and saying this is
unacceptable this is intolerable this
man does not have the moral capacity to
lead
