CNN says it stands by a story that is
completely false and trusts in its
reporting which was both wrong and
dishonest so hooray for CNN
you all remember CNN of course it's that
white noise machine they turn on at the
airport to make sure you can't hear the
announcements about how long your flight
has been delayed well last week CNN
breathlessly reported that former Trump
lawyer Michael Cohen had evidence that
Donald Trump was aware of a Trump Tower
meeting no one cares about before the
meeting where nothing happened took
place now it turns out Cohen's lawyer
Lanny Davis was the anonymous source for
this largely meaningless story and he
says he made a mistake in the story was
completely untrue
this means CNN was not only incompetent
in its reporting but also dishonest
because they allowed Davis to give a no
comment on the record as if he weren't
the original source in response to their
latest catastrophic and humiliating
error CNN released a statement to its
audience which is like three or four
guys who were passing through Dulles
Airport the statement was released by a
man in a clown mask who said he wanted
to stay and answer questions but
couldn't because he'd missed the gate
change of his flight because CNN playing
on the public TV drowned out the
announcement the CNN statement read
quote we here at CNN stand by our
completely false story and remain
absurdly confident in our totally
incompetent reporting although our facts
were not correct the story contained the
words Trump in Russia and so point to a
narrative of collusion and treachery
that we have been selling for coming up
on two years now with stories just like
this one which we also stand by though
many now say our network is a waste of
cable space people buy cowhide buffoons
with the intelligence of eggplants we
would like to say to our critics if
you're so smart how come you just missed
your plane while we were talking over
the boarding announcement hahahahaha
unquote the original story was written
by among others Carl it's worse than
Watergate Bernstein who said the Michael
Cohen scandal is worse than Watergate
when told that a story was totally false
Bernstein said quote that's worse than
Watergate unquote later in the day
however CNN did issue a correction
saying your flight is now leaving from
gate 38b
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
so we need also sing see topsy know
everything
all right it's the end of Western
civilization and you know that means yes
tomorrow is the mailbag and you can send
in your questions very easily just go
you have to be a subscriber so that's
the first thing so first you got to send
us ten bucks ten lousy bucks you get the
whole month or for a hundred bucks you
can subscribe to the daily wire.com for
the year you get the left is tears
tumblr but more importantly or as
importantly you can also be in the
mailbag just hit the podcast button at
the top of the page go to the Andrew
Klavan podcast hit the mailbag button
and then ask your questions ask anything
you want truly you can ask about your
personal life you can ask about religion
you can ask about the the latest news
whatever you want to talk about I will
answer your questions my answers are
guaranteed they are guaranteed 100
percent correct and will change your
life
sometimes for the better other times we
also have an interview later on today
with Travis Smith you will like this
interview you know we did nothing I do
nothing but pick on comic book movies
Travis Smith is an associate professor
in the Department of Political Science
at Concordia University he has written a
book about what superheroes can teach us
about ethics and about our country and
the way he did the book is really clever
he paired off you know when you were a
little kid ladies I'm not talking to you
because you're far more intelligent and
have better things to do
but guys sit around before they discover
their girls guys sit around and they say
you know what would happen if spider-man
fought with Batman
some girls even know that guys do this I
mean or do they care you know it's like
that's what we're doing while you were
studying like physics ladies but that
but he did he uses those little battles
to explain his point it's a very
entertaining interview meanwhile what do
you do if you want software advice it's
easy you go to a website called software
advice and it's called that because you
can go on software advice and get
software advice this happens to me all
the time when I'm doing something for my
work for my business and I suddenly
think I wonder if there's software that
would do this and almost all the time
there is and I'm just not thinking about
it when it comes to picking the right
software for your business software
advice has done all the research for you
you just go to software advice.com slash
Clavin so they know we sent you and
answer a few short questions about your
business
be connected with an advisor to discuss
the best software options for your needs
and if you're an entrepreneur or you
work solo software advice is a great way
to get an expert opinion even without
the resources of big company know why
because it's free just go to software
advice.com slash Clavin and you can get
started that's software advice.com slash
Clavin to connect with an advisor for
free software advice.com slash Clavin
first question you asked him how do you
spell Clavin it's KLA
VA n that's my software advice now go to
software is calm and get some more all
right you know they yeah I gotta talk to
just uh for a minute about the CNN story
because it's so absurd it is so absurd
everybody everybody picked up this story
Lanny Davis fed them a story possibly
because he was running a GoFundMe
campaign to pay his bills to pay his
fees for Michael Cohen and so he slipped
in the story as an anonymous source
saying that Donald Trump Michael Cohen
had evidence the Donald Trump knew about
this stupid Trump Tower meeting which
I'm sorry but I cannot get excited about
this Trump Tower meeting this is the
meeting Don jr. had with the Russian
lawyer she said she has some dirt on
Hillary Clinton Don jr. probably didn't
know enough to know that that might be
illegal it might not be the right thing
to do so he goes to the meeting turns
out the woman is just pushing to get
some relief on the what cycle the
Magnitsky act or something which is a
bothers putin and his pals because it
keeps their money from flowing freely in
the in the west which is how they rip
off their their own country a by the
time the meeting was five minutes in Don
juniors on his cell phone texting
finally he left nothing goes on this is
a big deal because this proves that
somehow there was collusion with Russia
and it's to me the whole story is kind
of ridiculous all story has just gotten
absurd they have run this thing into the
ground but Lanny Davis slips on this
note saying his client had evidence that
Trump knew about this meeting before it
took place was Trump says he didn't but
that problem was his client had already
testified under oath that he didn't so
now Lonny Davis has revealed that he was
the source CNN not only used him as an
anonymous source but also let him say no
comment on
story as an official source which is
truly dishonest truly unrepresented rent
unrepresentative of what they should be
doing why are they doing this so I have
talked about this a lot but it's worth
going back to this whole idea of crisis
in your imagination you know your
imagination is where almost everything
that matters in life takes place when I
use the word imagination this is what I
mean I'm using it the way the old
Romantic poets used to use the word I'm
not just mean when you sit around
fantasizing about something your
imagination obviously the most important
thing is your health that you're well
that you're going to continue to live
but but after that everything that
matters Beauty truth love delight joy
they all take place in your mind those
are not things that exist outside
yourself there are an intermingling of
your mind and reality and what the media
is trying to do is they're trying to
colonize your imagination with a state
of crisis they want you to think there's
a state of crisis all the time and they
do this they do this not so that eat not
because they want each story to stick or
they expect each story to stick they
don't care if they have to retract
stories I don't care if you they just
forget about them first of all they know
that you hit the crisis story a thousand
times where the correction story gets
hit twice so they know that they're
getting some play out of this but
eventually eventually there will be a
crisis eventually something will happen
this is the world right there are wars
there are explosions there are dips in
the economy all those things happen in
the course of eight years in the course
of a presidency and normal presidency
all these things happen there may be a
scandal in the Trump administration most
administrations have scandals except the
Obama administration it had scandals but
no one covered them so they weren't
there they were invisible but but for
the rest of us when we're coverings when
they're covering the presidency there's
going to be a scandal and then and then
the crisis the crisis of the imagination
pays off for the opponents of
Republicans this only happens during
Republican administrations really then
it pays off because then they say see
there's a crisis we've been telling you
all this time there was a crisis and
there it is and then you have to admit
you know what they've got a point they
do this to mix and it was how they
hounded him out of office on what was
really minor stuff I mean compared to
things that like
Clinton and Obama did it was a really
minor stuff but by the time they caught
him dead to rights on stupid things he
shouldn't have done they had created
such a sense of corruption and terror
and horror going on that you know people
then lost faith in the present that's
what they're waiting for that is what
they are selling you every minute of
every single day no matter what is
happening that's the crisis and you know
who it affects most who is on we're
always talking about the echo chamber
but who's on the echo chamber I am Ben
is Knowles's rush limbaugh is we're the
people who pay attention all the time
and it's us it's we you have to say wait
a minute whoa whoa is is this a state of
crisis is America in a state of crisis I
mean look Trump loves chaos he creates
chaos he says things all the time that
make him seem ridiculous and that's that
cause chaos but the country is doing
well the country is doing well we're not
at war the economy is doing great the
economy is doing great and yet and yet
if you visit like the nether world the
imaginary world of say the New York
Times you will see the crisis playing
out in - screaming headlines every
single day every story on the front page
of the New York Times is crisis is meant
to create a crisis of the imagination so
that when the real crisis comes then the
go to war headlines come out like Paul
Manafort and Michael Kohn oh my god it's
hella week remember they all said this
hell week for the president that's a
hell week the Paul Menton did Paul
Manafort anything he got convicted
have anything to do with Trump did
Michael Cohen saying he paid off stormy
Daniels really constituted what are they
what are they using now they're using
this for is always an unindicted
co-conspirators no he's not no he's not
you know I mean it's like they don't
even have a on a crime if he was
contributing money to this so you know
it's hell week it's hell week it doesn't
matter if they have to retract it it
doesn't matter if it goes away
the point is one day there'll be a
crisis and that's the moment when they
will say aw man
oh man it's that it's the what'd they
call it under Bush the culture of
corruption the culture of corruption
that worked that work for an entire
midterm to blow out Trump Bush's support
they're hoping it'll work again in these
midterms light stream you know it is
summer you've been spending
you throw your credit card away one day
it's like a gigantic monster shows up at
your door you open your door hi I'm in
our credit card debt right and credit
cards their interest rates are
hellacious if you don't keep up with
your credit card payments they will sink
you but light stream offers credit card
consolidation loans from five point
eight nine percent APR with auto pay
that is lower than the average credit
card interest rate of guests over
eighteen percent APR I mean that's like
Vig you know that's like that's like
Vinny giving you interest rate you can
get a loan from five thousand to a
hundred thousand dollars and you can
even get your funds as soon as the day
you apply light stream believes that
people with good credit this is for
people with good credit deserve a great
interest rate and no fees my listeners
will get a special discount on top of
light streams already low rates the only
way to get this discount is to go to
light stream dot-com / Andrew L IG HT s
tream
dot-com / Andrew this is a subject to
credit approval the rate includes 0.50%
auto paid discount terms and conditions
apply and offers a subject to change
without notice
visit light stream comm / andrew for
more infor mation so let me read you
Paul let's go to let us go to the New
York Times a former newspaper and visit
our favorite den of iniquity the op-ed
page or as we call it knucklehead Rowe
Paul Krugman
who may be the biggest knucklehead on
knucklehead right it's hard to tell
because sometimes one of them is
sometimes another he has a column so
help me it is called why it can happen
here and for those of you who haven't
been alive for 180 years it can't happen
here is the phrase they used to say
about fascism fascism can't happen here
because we're protected by the American
Way were protected by the Constitution
were protected by that culture of free
speech we used to have before Facebook
and Google put it to an end so so that's
the idea but when you say why can't have
an ear he's talking about fascism and he
says we're very close very close you
were so close to becoming another Poland
or hungry in both countries the ruling
party's law and justice and Poland
Fidesz in Hungary have established
regimes that maintain the forms of
popular elections but oh my my they have
destroyed the independence of the
judiciary suppressed freedom of the
press institutionalize large-scale
corruption and effectively dear
legitimize dissent the result seems
likely to be one-party rule for the
foreseeable future
let's just pause for just a minute and
take each one of those in turn they
maintain the forms of popular elections
we don't have popular elections we have
electoral elections
Donald Trump won they have been bitching
and moaning about this ever since it
happened they have refused after telling
us how horrible it was that Trump said
he might not accept the results of the
election they have refused they have
destroyed the independence of the
judiciary who whose judges are the ones
who make stuff up whose judges the one
who say oh yeah Trump can't make
immigration it says you know the law
says the Trump can make the immigration
rules but I say he can't who does that
only leftist judges suppress freedom of
the press who shuts up whom whom where
point to me
one time Paul Krugman a lousy time the
right shuts down anybody it is the left
at Google that has when you put in
searches on Donald Trump only bad news
comes up when you put up searches for
right-wing things you get all this
fact-checking by left-wing people if you
go on Facebook they're taking down
Dennis Prager and oh it's a mistake it's
a terrible mistake
mistake that never happens to the left
never ever happens to the left you tube
D monetizing our videos to monetizing
all conservative material who shuts down
whom okay and institutionalize
large-scale corruption and effectively
de little eyes descent oh that's when
Trump used the IRS to silence his
political opponents oh wait that went
Obama Obama did that and Obama also used
the Justice Department to spy on an
opponent's campaign so who is doing all
this stuff where is that it can't happen
here happening from all right he goes on
he says they could all too easily happen
here there was a time not long ago when
people used to say there are democratic
norms our proud history of freedom would
protect us from such a slide into
tyranny in fact some people still say
that but believing such a thing - I
gotta give this the real Paul Krugman
reading but for leaving such a thing
today requires willful blindness fact is
that the Republican Party the Republican
Party who hasn't silenced anybody hasn't
gone stretched the rules of
constitutional governance the Republican
Party is ready even eager to become an
American version of Poland and hungry
exploiting its current political power
to lock in permanent rule that's what
we're looking at first he starts he says
let's look at what's happening in the
state level then he brings up a couple
of things he says in North Carolina
after a Democrat won the governorship
Republicans use the incumbents final
days to pass legislation stripping the
governor's office of much of its power
this is a power struggle that they're
having in North Carolina and they're
playing very hardball politics no
question about it but go back and
remember 2011 when Governor Scott Walker
in Wisconsin tried to what I did in fact
break up the unions and basically
establish the state as a right-to-work
state and to keep from voting on this
Democratic lawmakers left town you
remember it in the hotel and across the
state line and they refused to come in
and vote on it
so you know politics can get hard-boiled
that it's it's not exactly the fascist
is not like the Nazi flag going up and
Wisconsin by the way is doing great
economically because of what the
governor did over there alright Georgia
I see Krugman goes on Republicans tried
to use transparently phony concerns
about access for disabled voters
to close most of the polling places in a
mainly black district a consultant came
in and said these polling places do not
are not suitable and they cost too much
let's close them down black people said
you know what those are our polling
places so the council said all right
don't do it and there was over I mean
this is the crate of fascism
it's our government is crumbling it's
crumbling you see little bricks of
freedom are falling in West Virginia
Republican legislators exploited
complaints about excessive spending to
impeach the entire state Supreme Court
the entire state Supreme Court is in a
massive overspending scandal that has
already cost people their free I mean
there people have already been charged
in this this is not a political ploy
this is a scandal going on so all his
references are all fake they're all
ridiculous or all politics some of it is
politics is hard ball hard ball politics
but basically I mean if this is his
proof that I that fascism has come to
America
Paul Krugman is living in his own
backside he's not living in the light of
day he goes oh now he goes on the
national level now listen to the crisis
on the national level we're currently
sitting on a knife edge we're balanced
on a knife edge between fascism and
freedom you know here we are Bala it's
terrible we're current if we fall off it
in the wrong direction specifically if
Republicans retain control of both
houses in Congress in November this is
what this is the crisis we will become
another Poland or Hungary faster than
you can imagine and you can believe this
because this is from Paul Krugman who
said the stock market was never going to
recover from Donald Trump's election so
you know when this man talks he's
spouting nonsense many Trump critics
celebrated last week slow legal
developments taking the mana Ford
conviction and the Cohen guilty plea as
signs that the walls may finally be
closing in on the law breaker in chief
but I felt a sense of deepened dread as
I watched the Republican reaction faced
with undeniable evidence of Trump's
thuggish nough starting closed ranks
around him more tightly than ever this
goes even for politicians who once
seemed to have some principles like
Susan Collins of Maine she sees no
problem with having a president who's an
onion
did co-conspirator a phrase has has not
been used in court by the way had not
been used by any legal team unindicted
co-conspirators who believes that
presidents are immune from prosecution
now Bill Clinton was under investigation
for most of his presidency he was in
impeached for committing perjury right
he he appointed Ruth Bader Ginsburg and
Stephen Breyer two of the most
unconstitutional left-wing hacks on the
Supreme Court nobody said that that was
an illegitimate thing to do right but in
Paul Krugman's universe this is the end
of America I mean it is just you know
it's all it is all a terrible crisis and
meanwhile by the way you know I just
have to play this one guy target or as
we call it tar che does everybody tars a
CEO Brian Cornell has just dumped
billions of dollars into his stores why
here he is on CNBC explaining why this
is the crisis in America this is
remember it's a big crisis so don't
forget to vote it's a big crisis here is
the guy who runs tarjay about why you
spending on his stores it's a very
healthy consumer environment I've been
doing this for a long time I think this
is the healthiest environment I've ever
seen but importantly for us we're
building market share in virtually every
category who are you stealing from well
I think we're picking up more footsteps
when we see traffic up 6.4% and stores
growing it almost 5% Becky it was almost
yesterday people are saying you know
stores are dead right no one's going to
invest in stores I remember back in
February of 2017 when we announced we
were going to spend seven billion
dollars of capital over three years and
take a billion dollars of operating
income and invested our team our brands
in providing more value people looked us
and said why are you invest in stores
like that at first they didn't yeah I
actually remember it was February 28th
of 2017 we were just talking about the
analysts when we pushed the announcement
across the wire and I watched you and
Joe on set and you looked at and said
seven billion dollars of capital in
stores a billion dollars in wages and
training and development in the brands
there must be a typo here because he's
talking about consumers now right he's
building stores consumers want to buy
why cuz they have money why because the
economy is doing great you want to know
about a crisis look at Venezuela in a
city here's from the AP and a city once
called the Saudi Arabia Venezuela for
its vast oil wealth residents of
Maracaibo now line up to buy spoiled
meat as refrigerators fail amid nine
months of rolling power outages that
recently got worse socialist president
Nicolas Maduro blames the strife on an
economic war waged by the United States
and other capitalist powers that's the
problem the problem is socialism that's
a crisis that is what a crisis looks
like this is you know where does the
crisis exist it exists in the
imagination of the press I have to play
this Tiger Woods golfer right guy hits a
ball with a stick that's his job he
finishes a tournament they asked him
about Donald Trump who he pals around
with here's his response he's the
president knighted States and you have
to respect the office and the matter
who's in the office
like dislike personality or the politics
but we all must respect office
everything more broadly to say about
this date I guess the discourse
relations now I just finished 72 holes
and really hungry
here 70 doodles he's really hungry he
doesn't want to talk politics he hits a
ball with a stick for a living he has
nothing to say about this he has no
reason he should say anything
here is ESPN which you turn on I know
for the sports scores here is ESPN
reacting to Tigers statement tiger be
clear are you saying that the office
therefore confers respect on to its
occupant its present temporary occupant
no what what the having respect for the
office means principally in my view is
the office holder should have respect
for the office but we are all set to a
standard we're held to a standard of
behavior we and our jobs right people in
their in their daily lives the president
if anything is held to a higher standard
of behavior it is not such that we have
such great respect for the office that
no matter what the behavior of its
occupant we must therefore respect its
occupant because of the office no Tiger
Woods is being you said being slick here
he is being slick we must respect the
office therefore that confers respect to
the occupant Tiger is that what you're
saying if that's what you're saying that
is a stupid comment I don't look but I
don't even know if he believes that
that's what he's for first of all we
don't know what Tiger Woods believe he's
Campbell an Asian he's not black yes he
is CT pay some respect
that Tiger Woods that was a sports
program there is a crisis going on in
the heads of these people and what it
really is you know that Lance Morrow a
think tank I wrote about this in the
Wall Street Journal to give him credit I
can't read I don't have time to read
what he said but basically this is a
holdover from the baby boomers Hillary
Clinton's a baby boomer Trump is a baby
boomer all these people are react are
living in the world created by the baby
boomers who basically thought we were
fighting for our lives because they had
to make some kind of heroism they had to
give their generation some kind of
heroism because their parents had fought
the Depression and World War two and so
they turned everything into a major
crisis and they
returned to presidents Lyndon Johnson
and Richard Nixon and they keep up this
crisis mentality
ain't no crisis there is not a crisis in
this country it is we have a noisy
obstreperous president who is repellent
to some but is also doing a great job he
is doing a good job as president that is
his job you don't have to like him but
his job as president he is doing a good
job he's a big character with big flaws
but this is not a crisis of democracy
they are doing this so when the crisis
comes when the crisis comes it will be
like tinder and the crisis like the
spark that will set your brain on fire
don't let it happen and by the way if
you really want to keep the crisis from
happening go out and vote come November
and make sure you vote for the local
Republican in your district so we don't
have to go through a million impeachment
proceedings and investigations all right
let's bring on this interview we got to
say goodbye to Facebook and YouTube but
come to the Daily wire calm and
subscribe why because we want your money
you what are you doing with it nothing
but if you give it to us you can be in
tomorrow's mail bag hit the podcast
button on The Daily wire but calm hit
the Andrew Clavin podcast hit the
mailbag and send me your questions about
anything my answers are guaranteed a
hundred percent correct and will change
your life Matt maybe for the better all
right come on over Travis Smith is an
associate professor in the Department of
Political Science at Concordia
University and the author of the new
book superhero ethics which attempts to
answer the question can superheroes be
good role models of ethical behavior and
personal responsibility for a free
society very fun interview
stay tuned Travis Smith thank you so
much for coming on I appreciate it thank
you very much for having me on the show
Andrew now you're coming into a slightly
hostile environment I have talked a lot
about how it's not that I dislike any
one superhero movie there's just so many
of them it seems like they're kind of
sucking up the culture but you have had
a long your relationship with comic
books goes back a long way so let's
start with that how did you get
interested in comics in the first place
oh boy did you want me to name the
particular friends and relatives that I
know as simple
simple you know with description of the
comics themselves sure well I enjoyed I
enjoyed these kinds of stories as a kid
Saturday morning cartoons and then when
I discovered them as a preteen I got
hooked and eventually it becomes a habit
yeah yeah yeah and one of my one of my
cranky complaints is that I feel like I
was a collector of comic books I loved
them as a kid but I do feel that you
should leave things behind leave some of
these things behind but you don't you
actually feel this is something to say
that comics in general have something to
say is that fair yeah I've tried to make
the case and superhero FX that it's it's
worthwhile to critically examine the
kinds of characters that culture puts
forward as heroic you know these are
characters that are advanced within our
culture as if they are to be admirable
and as if they are to be perhaps
imitated and and create and as whereas
praiseworthy and so and of course it's
it's an important exercise for us we're
going to engage in some introspection
regarding our culture to take a look at
those kinds of models those kinds of
examples ask are they good role models
should they in fact be the kinds of
people that we look up to or aspire to
be ourselves that's I mean it's a
perfectly good point they wouldn't be
this popular if they weren't feeding
some kind of emotional need in people
one of the things that I just I really
enjoy about superhero ethics is that you
pose a lot of your points as kind of
battles between two superheroes and I
remember as a kid all these long long
long Chi you know what Stephen King
called the conversations you have before
you discover their girls that about
about what which superhero would win a
fight so let me let me take you through
some of these superhero fights and you
can explain to me what it is that you
think they say you start out with it is
so okay you start out with the Hulk vs.
Wolverine as two
beastly superheroes what do we what do
we learn from that right well wolverine
famously first appears in an issue of
the hulk and so they they pair up well
just as a matter of historical fact it's
of course it's the case that you'll
probably remember that
there's a common place in the stories in
the superheroes clash and fight a bit
before they realize that they've got a
team up together and fight the bad guy
and so I took advantage of the fact that
heroes often fight heroes and not just
the villains in order to frame the book
and so I start off with characters that
are beastly and moved toward characters
that are divine so I started off with
Wolverine and Hulk Hulk is famous for
being angry right and Wolverine says
that he's the best there is at what he
does and what he does isn't very nice
and and so I I picked them together to
say what are these kinds of people
represent about what our society is like
or what is lacking in our society and
actually contrast them in that way I am
I talked about how the Hulk kind of
represents a sort of extreme of
individualism Hulk isn't just always one
to prove that he's the strongest there
is
that he always wants to be left alone
and so he represents the kind of idea
that some people have that if only they
were just left alone right if only
nobody meddled in my business and I was
just totally free to do whatever I
wanted then I'd be happy I would succeed
at everything I'd want and you get angry
when people get in your way and you get
really angry when people tell you that
who you are and what you're trying to do
isn't that great and you become resolved
to demonstrate your greatness against
that and the Hulk speaks to that impulse
that I think that to the degree to which
modern liberal society has it's
individualistic quality to it
oh that aspect of Hulk is familiar to us
Wolverine on the other hand I say
represents something that's lacking in
our society something that modern
society as a whole was intentionally
designed to suppress and downplay which
are considerations of honor at least as
they're understood in pre-modern
societies and which codes of Honor
govern the behavior to a greater degree
than they do in say free society modern
society and they present a rival
standard of right and good other than
universal morality or piety or just the
law and so Wolverine aspires to be an
honorable person being honorable and
concerned with intangible goods like
honor something that animals can't do
something that's distinctive
human so you have Wolverine who's a very
animalistic character is always striving
to prove his humanity and and and
there's aware that in order to prove his
humanity he has to behave honorably
that's a distinctively human thing to do
and it's and he finds himself at odds
with a modern society that tends to
disregard and kapu considerations of
Honor and so he doesn't find himself at
home in modern society but nevertheless
considerations of Honor as much as a
society like modern society can intend
to suppress them and disregard to them
they never go away it's a part of human
condition that we're stuck with and we
kind of see the way in which perverse
codes of honor come to the forefront
even in a society in which we pretend
that we're not going to you know have a
few you know to fight each other over
some slights but that is almost exactly
what we do now to where we do it on
social media and on the Internet
and we shame people and try to destroy
people's lives on the basis of being
able to claim that they've said
something dishonorable or they behaved
shamefully and so I talked about how
Wolverines represents also the desire to
protect his tribe of the mutants and he
gets extremely angry when anybody from
his tribe is threatened we see that all
over social media as well the way in
which people are getting a furor and
outrage whenever they perceive that
somebody who they regard as belonging to
their tribe is under some sort of threat
and the degree of rage and in fury that
we see in wolverine we see we see
unleashed across the internet on a daily
basis nowadays it's interesting one of
my favorite of the superhero movies
Logan Wolverine is kind of compared to
Shane from the old westerns and his
ethos has shown as kind of an
old-fashioned honor honor ethos it's
he's really he is a very interesting
character yet another massive sorry as I
said movie and I see that movie is
depicting him as a kind of Moses
character it's a sort of secularization
of Exodus in which Wolverine discovers
that you know the young lost members of
his own tribe or enslaved in a foreign
land and he has to go and rescue them
and try to bring them to another
promised lands and Eden happens in
Canada before it gets there
it helps them find their way to some
paradise it's there so these kinds of
movies as much as we often suspect them
of just being near juvenile amusement
they have staying power because they are
drying upon a lot of the resources on
which modern Western society is built
yep with a class or biblical and I try
to bring these out in my book yeah that
was that's certainly I have to say that
Logan was certainly an intelligent movie
with a lot of underpinnings the next
battle that I really liked in superhero
ethics is the Battle of Green Lantern
versus Iron Man as a battle between two
representations of the imaginative man
the imagination you explain that sure
then Andrew Ironman represents our hopes
that technology will fix everything and
save us and I like to draw for a point
of cultural comparison when I was a
child in the Star Wars movies came out I
grew up on Star Wars and in 1977 obi-wan
Kenobi told Luke Skywalker that Darth
Vader was more machine than man now
twisted and evil hmm
in 1977 we didn't need to be told that
that meant he was twisted and evil we
understood more of a sheen than man now
that's not good
hmm right and then even in the 90s when
Star Trek had the Borg it introduced
these half-man machine hybrid aliens
that are going to assimilate humanity we
know they're the bad guys on site Tony
Stark whoever aspires to be a
man-machine hybrid in fact he's someone
who you know is increasingly becoming
more machine than man and now a day in
the early 21st century we watch his
character and he's become so beloved we
envy him we wish that we too had his
powers we can we can see how this hope
this expectation that technology should
fix everything and save us all is made
manifest in this extremely popular
burger that Robert Downey jr. has done
an amazing job at make
so lovable and yet it's disturbing the
degree to which I mean in the infinity
war movie that recently came out
spider-man dies I referred scare quotes
around that dies we know he'll be fine
I'm sure but he dies praying to Tony
Stark to save him and Peter Parker
spider-man is one of the most moral
characters among all superheroes he
should not be praying to Tony Stark to
save him hmm
in Lantern I likened to the tendency of
people to believe that if only we had
enough imagination enough willpower
enough resolve and the means at our
disposal we could reshape the world
right it's a revolutionary impulse that
some people have we could fix everything
and the only thing that's lacking is
enough imagination people say this
you've probably heard this quote another
world is possible right sure and Green
Lantern speaks to that feeling that
especially maybe the adolescent reader
might well have as well to expect you
know the world's wrong right and I can
imagine how it should be what it ought
to be and why don't we just fix it right
although all it takes is get on board
with the program and we can meet the
world the world we it ought to be a not
this flawed world that our parents and
ancestors handed down to us how do they
not realize that it should have been you
know made right by now it's a green
lantern speaks of that impulse as well
do you think that there is something in
the IDI sometimes we'll see how many of
these films there are and how popular
they are and I wonder if humanity is
sort of preparing itself for a Tony
Stark universe if if Humanity is sort of
saying you know we're one generation
from a world in which you were going to
be putting entering things into our
brains through technical means that are
going to make us supermen in some ways
and this is an imaginative way of
getting ready for that do you think
that's possible yeah in my research as a
political scientist I've read the works
of thinkers like Francis Bacon and Rene
Descartes from 400 years ago and you
read them and as far as I
they'd already figured all of this out
400 years ago they just knew it'd take
an awful long time for us to get to the
point in which the technology the
science would be able to do the things
that they envisioned to transform the
human condition and I don't want to put
some sort of causality to into a some
sort of force that's out there moving us
and compelling us toward some evolution
or something but these characters speak
to us because they get to the heart of
our deepest commitments in some ways and
so the fact that I know how the Ironman
is torn in some way is between his
brilliance and his ability to produce
the mission machines that are going to
make possible these transformations and
at the same time he's troubled by them
and he holds back he doesn't pursue them
to their furthermost conclusions in
terms of he doesn't just impose on all
humanity such technologies that would
save us from ever needing to be saved
again instead he just flies around and
comes to the rescue a few people here
and there now and then why doesn't he
try to bring about the singularity as as
people talk about today why doesn't he
do that on the other hand you see that
he's an alcoholic and a womanizer
someone who is a very indulgent with
respective pleasures and I think that
that sort of indicative of the fact that
he's shutting down part of his brain he
wants to forget that the furthermost
conclusions of his own science aren't
simply that we could transform ourselves
but that in a certain sense we're not
worthy of it because from the
technological perspective that he
represents our lives including his own
which he's so proud of her actually
insignificant and he's troubled by that
in the Latin in the last more movie the
infinity war the villain says
specifically to Ironman that he's not
the only one that is cursed with
knowledge and I think that's one meal
list speaking to another needless about
those kinds of conclusion I have to ask
you to keep this short cuz I'm running
out of time but I do want to give you a
chair you guys know that's absolutely
but I want to ask you about the your
divine conflict between Thor and
Superman I have to keep asking to keep
it to about a minute
where
what do you see coming out of that right
the there's a sort of Messiah like
quality just to all superheroes and some
of them even more so than others and I
talk about how it's not that Superman
would want to rule the world the concern
is that some people might want someone
like a Superman to come about to rule us
for our own good and I and I talk about
the way in which as much as we pride
ourselves on being free people there
still is a lot of people this desire to
be to have some super person come to the
rescue and save them and absolve them of
responsibility for themselves and fix
everything for them and so Superman I
think in some ways represents this
temptation but also because he's you
know one of the great American
superheroes he himself resists this and
instead treats people with respect
respect people's equality respect
people's freedom and wants to be an
inspiration to people to help them take
responsibility for themselves rather
than to assume responsibility over them
for their own good well Travis Smith
your book is superhero ethics I have to
say you have made many people here at
the Daily wire happy they're tired of
hearing me attack these films you gave
them a very good argument for a reason
for being thanks very much for coming on
thank you very much for having me on the
show and I really appreciate it thanks a
lot an entertaining interview I really
enjoy that guy all right sexual Follies
so here's a story lacy bras for men are
now a thing
you can also buy matching knickers do we
have a picture of this oh my god now I'm
Mike I just went blind I can't see
anything well at lingerie brand on the
steer is making that's my bad French
accent Oh miss tail is making lacy
underwear and sleepwear especially for
men ladies if you've ever looked at your
man's underwear and thought it was a bit
dull then you're not alone there's so
much choice when it comes to women's
underwear but mostly men have boxers or
briefs however that's all about to
change as one lingerie company has
created a unique line of bras and
knickers
especially for men knickers panties I
must have this you know there's an old
expression that news is what happens to
your editors friends you know like every
new every reporter knows this like if so
and this this kind of story is what
happens to your editors gay friends I
mean this is really this is what they
you know I ate guy the editor has a
couple of gay friends and they say oh
yes now we're getting manicures with our
nails pink or whatever they're doing
this week and it's like that means the
story comes out men they're having
manicures with their nails make here's
the thing whenever I see these stories I
think I think about one thing when you
know how they have these things Ben
calls them Roach Motels on the side of
every website there are these little
little things that you're supposed to
click on clickbait stuff that you go and
look at pictures of World War 2 or
pictures of disasters or the last
picture somebody took before you is
eaten by a snake or something like this
right have you ever noticed that each
and every single one of them has a woman
with large breasts on it have you ever
noticed this it's like the same
incredible pictures of world war two and
it's just like a girl in a Nazi uniform
with big breasts the reason I bring this
up is that nature never changes future
doesn't care what you think
it doesn't care if you think there are
47 genders it doesn't care if you think
that men are gonna suddenly change stop
being men
it doesn't care if you think that women
are now you know some wonder woman it
doesn't care all it wants to do is look
at breasts major wants it wants men to
look at breasts and sleep with women so
there
or people that is wholly sure wants and
it doesn't go away it never goes away
that's why I like there was another
story Amanda presto wrote that they were
having a liberal cities were flooded
with feminists over the weekend seeking
nipple equality for the annual go
topless day for feminism they're going
topless you know now I'm a feminist so
now it's like what I love about these
people is they just they there's a war
on reality they just don't look if they
just would look at these little pictures
on the side doesn't matter what it is
the last picture she took before she was
eaten by a boa constrictor and look at
those breasts that's all they sure wants
it wants men to look at breasts and
sleep with women so there are more
people never changes don't listen if a
headline suggests anything else it just
ain't so mailbag tomorrow I'm Andrew
Clavin this is the Andrew Clavin show I
will be here you be here as well
the Andrew Clavin show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover technical producer Austen Stevens
edited by Alex zingaro audio is mixed by
Mike core Mina hair and makeup is by
Jesuit vera and our animations are by
Cynthia Angulo and Jacob Jackson the
Andrew Klavan show is a daily wire for
word publishing production copyright for
word publishing 2018
