good afternoon everyone thanks for
coming out for our panel sorry for the
delay everyone was a little busy doing
their other panels I'm Norman Golightly
I'm the founder of is it funny or
offensive we are a social media company
about humor we're interested in what's
okay what's not whereas the line is
their line at all if so who draws it we
seem to have struck a bit of a nerve in
the social cultural conversation about
that topic in just three years we've
amassed 1.6 million followers on
Facebook and there seems to be some
headlines about this topic just about
every day so we're thrilled to sit here
with this panel a very diverse panel
which I'm happy to say and we'll just
introduce quickly randy sklar michael
knowles oh it's a split room this is
gonna be good Ida Rodriguez
Lauren Chen also known as the roaming
millennial and John Fugelsang
so horseface we're going to talk a lot
about Trump today because of course we
are but I want to set the table to say
that it's not gonna be necessarily a
Trump bashing conversation it's sort of
that he has it maybe but not for
everyone
he sort of swung the magnetic poles a
little bit in in how we talk I think and
it affects sort of how his supporters
act and joke and how people on the other
side then react to them so I think there
is a there's a swing going on and we
want to talk about all of it today
starting out just let's talk about the
tweeting and whether we think his use of
Twitter and some of the language we can
talk about horseface or some of the
other things is that a good thing or a
bad thing for the country
let's go Mike although I love the
tweeting I love it despite the constant
negative press give me more khofifah
it's so so good it's very important for
a few reasons one because the mainstream
media had a lock on communi
for decades and decades and they would
shut out conservatives and when they
didn't shut them out they would distort
conservatives message they would pervert
it they would misrepresent what
conservatives were saying fortunately
with the new media we're able to get
past all of that and it's why the right
has done so well on new media from the
memes to the podcasts to YouTube to
whatever we've done well because for the
first time the right is allowed to get a
message out unvarnished and the right is
having a very good time right now so
we've got a very good sense of humor the
Trump tweets are so important you know
the I played the other day on my show a
clip of President Trump at his cabinet
meeting where he told everybody to
decrease the size of the each department
by 5% and I was falling asleep before
the clip was over nobody would watch
that nobody saw that clip that was the
same day that he tweeted about horse
face and everybody saw horse face and
the horse face tweet unpleasant
distasteful though it may be forced the
mainstream media to talk about an issue
that they wouldn't have talked about
which is that he won a judicial ruling a
defamation ruling that was brought by
stormy Daniels and Michael avenatti so I
it's clearly has an important political
effect it's disruptive in that we
haven't had that for decades and decades
and the most important thing of all is
that it's very funny
you know like Russell Crowe are you not
entertained is this not why you are here
no really no we're not entertained by
Russell Crowe throwing a phony assistant
it's fucking stupid the truth of the
matter is you can't have it both ways
you can't be like I love the tweeting
it's so funny it's so great
then when he tweets something he gets
called to the carpet on it you're like
but the heat that's not he says this is
our message this is the way the
mainstream media is distorting the way
the message goes so we're gonna send it
directly to the people and then when he
tries to double down on something it's
like no no he thought he wasn't meaning
that that's just him tweeting both ways
yes you can he's joy you cannot because
telling a joke but it can't be the
pathway he's not a funny person though
he's not funny at all what I think is
hilarious is that conservatives claim a
man who has sex with a porn star that he
paid for has children from all these
different women and embodies so many of
the things that they criticize people of
color for if Obama would have had a
bunch of baby mamas he would not be
considered a conservative right so
because he's not upholding conservative
values before you try to interrupt me
white privilege you're gonna let me
finish my sense you know you know me
privilege a privilege beige privilege do
I get any of that absolutely but what if
you and I walk down the street you know
you got way more than I do so let's stop
it and we'll stop with the booing relax
anyway what I was gonna say is that the
problem with the tweeting is that you
are talking about the leader of the free
world setting an example to would you
want your child behaved in that way no I
don't want them to behave like Bill
Clinton I don't want them to use people
doors I don't want politicians almost
ever what did you assume that I was here
on behalf of Bill Clinton that the Trump
isn't unique in this regard that most
politicians behave this way do they
really have you ever where where do you
see as well so most politicians show
their tax returns most politicians don't
have business interests in other
countries there are conflicts of
interest most politicians that's well
you're right most are not success right
but that are conflicts of interests
conflicts of interest Saudi Arabia so
let's not go too hard on Saudi Arabia
which money that Saudi Arabia give the
Clinton Foundation quick question how
many millions of dollars did Saudi
Arabia the Saudi government give the
Clinton Foundation well she was
Secretary of State that's what I thought
well I think the whole thing with
horseface is I mean I I appreciate
transparency and I think the whole idea
of Twitter and having a direct line to
constituents whether it's the president
or a senator whatever that's good but we
don't have to make calling someone
horseface a partisan issue
it's not nice to call someone horseface
let's let's not call people horse face
it's unchristian likewise it's also not
nice - I don't know describe people's
genitalia we using mariokart analogies
like i and you earlier described this
issue as like a trump problem I
definitely think it's fair to say that
the rhetoric being inflamed is is partly
because of Trump but I think in a larger
aspect he's more a symptom of this
problem than it coming from particularly
him let's find let's caught out when it
happens but I don't think this is
exclusive to any one person he's just
one of the I guess loudest and most
vocal examples of people just calling
other people names and it's it's not
helpful I would argue it's also not
funny maybe that's up to debate but yeah
I don't support that guys if I may we've
all guys let's be real every one of us
has had the experience of sleeping with
a porn star a few days after our third
wife gave birth to a baby and then years
later paying her a hundred twenty seven
thousand dollars to be quiet about it
while also saying the affair never
actually happened we've all been there
but I will never call one of my pornstar
mistresses horseface because I'm a
gentleman now
liberals shut up with throw Trump off
Twitter stop saying this is hate speech
stop trying to get him banned from
Twitter those tweets will one day be
admissible evidence and studied in law
school and university if it wasn't for
the president's tweets we would not be
able to keep track of so many lies so
much obvious hypocrisy which he doesn't
mind because all he needs to do is have
30 percent of us swallow the apocrypha
and he gets away with it
we would not know that the president
doesn't know how apostrophes work we
would not know that the president
doesn't know the three branches of
government were it not for his tweets he
really doesn't check that shit out my
problem is the mainstream media which
uses
as clickbait and eyeball bait then
wagging a finger at how awful this man
is the reality is Trump tweets the
ignorant shit in the morning the media
flips out about it all day and then we
don't talk about the actual offensive
policies which are a lot more offensive
than the Euro right because the day of
horseface was also the day that he
doubled down a hundred percent on
protecting the Saudi royal family from
murder of a journalist I would like to
John you're absolutely right that is the
point I mean we're talking about the
usefulness of comedy and politics of the
tweets of whatever that is the
usefulness is that we get to reduce the
size of the government we get to
decrease taxes we get to do whatever we
want to do and then all the media are
chattering about is horseface and it's
working perfectly so what's the other
side let's talk about how Trump's
opponents should respond to him should
they respond in kind should they go hi
what what should we do as a people what
should the other side do in response to
Trump I do have some thoughts on this
don't try to be Trump I mean this is
truly a Prudential warning to the left
don't try to be Trump only Trump can be
Trump it doesn't work Rubio tried to do
it didn't work Chris Christie tried to
do it didn't work now you've got Eric
Holder trying to do it it does not work
Trump is an American original unless you
are a brash dude with orange skin and
yellow hair from Queens New York you are
not gonna pull it off Don Rickles is
dead you're not gonna be able to do it
is Don Rickles he is not done in any way
shape or form
yeah people have to make compromises Don
Rickles didn't repeat his material that
much you're right though Marco Rubio you
know it wasn't Donald Trump who told the
first dick joke and a GOP presidential
primary it was Marco Rubio he started it
and you're exactly right Marco Rubio
couldn't do it
Hillary Clinton and mopped the floor
them in three debates but that wasn't
enough you should not try to out Trump
Trump unless you actually know what
you're doing he is afraid of some people
and boy oh boy they're trying to shut
those people down already but yeah you
you you know empathy
love facts empathy love facts if you
hate Trump back the hate will make you
stupid
and you will say dumb things that will
ruin you and he will help you ruin
yourself so again empathy love facts and
again you're not going to convince your
Christian brothers and sisters that they
voted for fucking Caligula they don't
care it's a cult we voted for some not
gonna convince people the fact that they
have thrown out every teaching of Christ
in the Beatitudes and Matthew 25 by
voting for Caligula you're not John went
over but again you can debate but if you
hate you're gonna lose and if you go and
try and go mean you're gonna lose so
again know your facts and don't debate
in a vacuum debate when there's people
around bystanders that you can sway
because you're not gonna convince a cult
member you'll just make yourself look
ridiculous and for Donald Trump there
are people who could handle him he
hasn't had the chance to debate them
publicly yet and he most likely never
will I can't let that comment go on
responded to I didn't think he would
John I know I know that your parents
were ex religious they were you know
monk and nun I think would you call
yourself a practicing Christian I think
we're all practicing Christians whose
only one is though so far ever gotten it
right no I think certain people can
reject Jesus and reject the teachings of
Christ and reject the resurrection
I don't say that oh I didn't say that I
said rejecting the teachings of Christ I
didn't say anything about Christ isn't a
teacher he's a savior and the point I
want to make on what teaching of Christ
has Donald Trump tried to implement on a
policy level well he's saved countless
unborn by Jesus said anything about
abortion what he said whatever you do to
the least of me will cause you great
trouble in the hereafter see here's the
thing if you cause one of the least of
me to sin it would be better to have a
millstone tied around your neck and have
you be cast into the sea and president
if I'm a pro-life president is well the
point I want to make on this is just the
irony that's so often people who are
practicing I'll just finish one second
that people who are not practicing
Christians always lecture we Christian
all enjoy
okay I'm not a lecturing Bible says
better you know I've got Michael I got a
response to what Michael said I'm sorry
mother I'm gonna pull white privilege
and male privilege and sis privilege and
all kind of privilege the Bible is not
against abortion God gives Moses
detailed abortion tips in Book of
Numbers in Exodus he makes it clear you
strike a pregnant woman and the fetus
dies you pay a fine she dies what you
guys as a woman John what is Christ no
no hang on what specific teaching of
Christ has Donald Trump tried to
implement on a policy level you've
misrepresented the the presence of
abortion in the Bible because as Christ
says clearly because of the hardness of
your hearts the law of Moses was given
to you but from the bowl that was about
divorce laws that was the mosaic divorce
laws in Matthew 19 I know I wish that
you were more truthfully representing
the scripture he has done very good on
pro-life you're not answering the
question Michael 1 teaching of Jesus and
we can move on to funny shit oh he's
done well no I can I can get well first
of all the the idea that Christ is
primarily a teacher is absurd and
uncalled him rabbi it no he wasn't he
was a savior and the fact of his death
and resurrection of the case as a God
because the teachings are far too
liberal government attacking the
marginalize whether it be transgender
kids whether they be Muslim immigrants
despise minorities he's been the
opposite of Jesus every step of the way
and as a comedian I don't claim to be a
good Christian man I aspire to be a good
Christian I don't claim to be one that I
will call out a hypocrite
John what John what John what okay yes
we are back what does st. Paul say in
Romans about the role of the citizen to
the government and and further you you
so sorry can you repeat the further - I
would like to make one point on the
parable of the talents which is that
it's yes my friend I'm answering my
friend he brought it up yes it was well
then don't bring it up if you don't want
to hear an answer I think this happens a
lot from our friends on the Left they
bring of Christ surd and then when you
respond to it I'll tell you the chow
right in the conversation
audience be nice be nice we got people
from all sides here let's be respectful
of everyone
and let's bring it back to comedy whoo
it was being a bully little old me I
don't think I'm a bully I think I'm
other guy I'm perfectly unintentional a
bully he's just right wing talking
points in a suit
that's it that's I am certainly right
that's that is true you're right about
that back to comedy so should there be a
different set of rules for comedians
than other people like let's say the
president is it a different set of rules
and standards for something said at the
improv on a Friday night than what is
said from the podium or at a press
conference I want to hear from comedians
and the non comedians well I think it's
totally reasonable even if you're a firm
supporter of free speech and comedy to
talk about whether certain things are
appropriate to say certain places and to
certain people right I mean is is it
appropriate to say what a late-night
comedian might say to a world leader I
don't think so right and that doesn't
mean you're anti comedy but I think it's
just part of part and parcel of
discussing how do you navigate being an
adult right just just because you're
able to say something's a certain
context doesn't mean it's appropriate
whether or not you should be allowed to
as a different question but yeah I think
it's absolutely reasonable to ask is
this okay in this context I'd like to
say that as a stand-up comedian and what
we do for a living
who gets to Y do who gets to draw the
line on what's appropriate for what to
say what we have to say we are on the
final frontier of what can be said and I
don't think that somebody's sitting at
home reading their Bible should tell a
comedian who doesn't believe in that
Bible what they should or should not be
able to say in in the name of comedy we
are that we have to talk about it all
and what really bothers me it's that
when people say to someone like me stick
to comedy don't talk about politics
those are the same people who think that
George Carlin was a genius and never
said to him that he should not talk
about politics and he should stay out of
the conversation a lot of it has to do
with who is saying what and why and the
people who think that I don't have the
right or shouldn't be able to say the
things that I'm saying cuz I'm not
tap-dancing for laps or perpetuating
stereotypes that make racist people
comfortable with who I'm supposed to be
that's right so again I don't need
anybody telling me what I can
I agree with that and when you want to
talk about like a specific comedy club
environment people walk in there and
there's an unwritten contract between
the audience and the comedian that
you're gonna hear some stuff that you
may not like there's some boundaries
that are gonna be pushed but you are
there understanding that that is going
to happen and so if you tell a joke that
doesn't work then that's on the comedian
and you're out and you have to suffer
the consequences of people not laughing
if Marquette asides what the market
decides yeah exactly the market will
decide whether or not you can do the
jokes you do and you know we travel
around and do I'm assuming you travel
around and do comedy all over the
country and you know some jokes work in
some places and some don't in other
places because of the makeup of the
people that are out there but I say you
got to tell him anyway you got to get
out there and tell him because even if
you lose the audience for a little bit
you can always win them back that's
always a wonderful challenge and the
thing that you're right in thinking
remember is that you know what's more
subjective than that which is offensive
it's different to all of us but the one
beautiful thing brothers and sisters on
the left and the right have in common
both liberals and conservatives love to
be offended we have a national umbrage
addiction that is deeper than any opioid
addiction and both sides getting off on
pointing the finger and beg clutching
their pearls so it's highly subjective
and what I think is brilliant satire
might be deeply vulgar to you and we get
to be grown-ups and try to get along
anyway I agree with what all of my
left-wing friends have said here I agree
entirely the question though is not for
working comedians I go to a lot of
comedy clubs it's for on television I go
i watch Jimmy Kimmel and Jimmy Kimmel
can be funny
he I'm not saying he's never funny he
can be but then he cries he goes on TV
and he just cries and whines about
politics I saw that special net-net on
Netflix and the woman comes out and she
says she tells some jokes then she says
I'm not gonna tell any more jokes I'm
just gonna talk about traumas in my life
and that's the new comedy that isn't the
new comedy there's a word for that which
is called tragedy and I think you know
on this point is there a line the line
is that it should be funny I'm not
saying you said that people have
pressured you to do racist medon't do
racist material I'm just saying do
something that's funny if you're not
doing that you're not doing Co that's
not funny for you but a lot of people
say that man that special was the
greatest thing to come out
two years a lot of things good but it
wasn't that's what comedy is a
subjective thing it's not funny to you
because it's not speaking directly to
the thing if she did a bunch of jokes
about you know guys gathering with tiki
torches around it a monuments and that
would be hilarious all you a racist
that's how you know you've won the
argument the the point on net is that
she comes and says I'm not going to make
you laugh I'm not right but then what if
she does make you laugh now she maybe
that was she succeeded very well in her
show and an artist did her thing you
didn't dig it watch something new no an
artist did her thing right but a
comedian did not do her thing yeah but
she but again you defining what is
comedy and what isn't comedy is the last
definition we need in this world has a
definition yeah subjective yeah but if I
were to tell a joke and and you didn't
find it funny you would be like that's
not kind of least I've told a joke no I
would say it's comedy wasn't good comedy
what she did was not comedy should it
was about comedy it was about comedy it
was a monologue about what comedy is and
that's why it falls under him by the way
either way it's a performance and to
come up with something new and a
different way to present something we
see so many comedy specials that come
out they're the exact same thing with
the exact same curtain and the exact
same setup in the exact same jib shots
and all that stuff to come up with
something new I think that should be
rewarded as well now if you didn't laugh
the whole time then fine that's not what
and I agree and the thing about the net
is I didn't think it was the funniest
thing on the planet either I will but I
do respect the fact I fight further
right for her to be able to do that
because for so many years all we do is
watch stand-up comedy coming from one
perspective hearing the same jokes over
and over again that get told what Comedy
Central what perspective would you like
a one perspect it's the same shit it's
all it's the same the straight white guy
talking about Chris Rock what about
Roseanne Barr what are you talking about
exceptions you're not talking about the
very famous you're talking about the
exceptions you're not talking about the
rule and when you talk about Roseanne
Barr who was the the the hated woman at
one point everybody hated her because of
what she did to the at the National
Anthem who then became the hero to those
same people what are you talking about
Roseanne Barr for Roseanne Barr is not
somebody who's considered I'm just
saying there wasn't one perspective yeah
there were many perspectives when you
talk about the very few minorities who
get through the
cracks and get to a high level you are
not talking about comedy the comedy that
we have to go to every week every single
week that's not the reality
it's Dane Cook it's Daniel Tosh it's the
same perspective over and over again
women get drunk and they act stupid this
is my jizz this is what I do we hear
that over and over and over and over no
I agree that Dane Cook is not a good
comedian and it's all the time so when a
woman comes across and tells her story
and you decide that you don't like it
you know how many other specials there
are with people who look like you tell
jokes that's what I mean but that's her
version like it either you just I would
argue that that's our version of telling
jokes okay
put aside what you know about louis c.k
at this point after what he's done okay
but I would argue that his specials and
his comedy and because I saw him and
have worked you know and clubs with him
from for the last 20 years that he
initially started off as an absurdist
guy writing absurd jokes and absurd
things and then at a certain point he
was like I'm just going to tell the
truth I'm little this I'm not writing
jokes I'm just going to tell the truth
and he did that in a number of specials
before all the shit went down with him
and I would argue that that was the
funniest shit out there and so you know
he wasn't telling one giant truth in his
life and that you know and I think
that's gonna make it hard for to move
forward but I would say that like that
wasn't jokes so you know we can't tell
like Eddie Izzard does he tell jokes no
he kind of goes through history and
whatnot it's there comedy can be very
different things you're talking about
someone who's in a comedy team and the
stuff that we do plays more like music
yes there are jokes written in it and
yes we are trying to write the funniest
things that we can all the time but like
that's what we do and that's separate
from even what you were saying one
person giving one perspective down the
pipe and so I just think comedy can be a
lot of things and even if she's saying
I'm not gonna tell jokes i'ma tell these
stories you're not gonna be funny no no
she said I'm not gonna whatever she said
but I'm just saying that like she I'm
not gonna be funny I'm just gonna tell
these stories
there were people laughing and there are
people laughing at that so it's just not
it's not making you laugh but there are
other people who are laughing in other
ways so I just think you have to
understand that it's you can't say this
is not funny no I feel like I'm in the
you to smell funny
no because you know as funny is that
there are different types of comedy
there's alternative comedy there's
physical comedy there's musical comedy
so that that falls into one of those
categories of comedy and I think that
it's so telling about how much sexism
female comedians have to experience in
comedy when one comedy special just one
it has drawn so much criticism and has
come under fire so much when there are
so many male comedians whose specials a
lot of people don't consider are funny
and doesn't cause so much of a sir like
she is a woman a lesbian from Australia
that told a very specific story that a
lot of people responded to can you just
let her live she can live I'm not trying
to stop her from living but the reason
that people responded to it there are
plenty of specials that bomb and nobody
watches them and nobody talks about them
and nobody cares her special bombed but
in we're all talking about Slater
that's that's fake news it I'm just
saying yeah I did I so know I watched
the whole thing because I'm a masochist
but a lot of people did change the
channel and the fact is what was
offensive about what she did is simply
offensive to logic because she tried I
agree she thought like um you feel like
she's just getting away with something
no no I thought like she's she's she's
getting away with calling it a comedy
special when it's not a comedy I'll
actually move this forward because if
you want to talk about getting away with
something you know I have a nice long
conversation of whoa what what what I'm
saying is that when we talk about the
response to political correctness you
know president Trump ran against
political correctness political
correctness is essentially using respect
and lies in words that don't mean what
they mean manners and politeness or
respect political correctness is
something different and I think people
are offended when they see a phrase
refer to something that is not that
phrase and that is exactly what that
woman did in Nanette is she said this is
comedy I don't care maybe it was good
tragedy but it wasn't comedy and I think
it's the same thing when someone sees an
illegal alien and the political
correctness of every Democrat says that
only on the doll where political
correctness took the jam out of your
Twinkie because political correctness is
using language to redress grievances
does it go too far
yes I was hosting a vh1 show I called
Naomi Campbell a beautif
black supermodel they upgraded me and
said collar african-american I said
cheese British yes it goes too far but
at the end of the day political
correctness is basically us as a culture
coming together trying to be less
dickish to people and if that offends
you I think I'm richer it hides real
truths if I refer to an illegal alien
I'm talking about a real thing if I
refer to a dreamer I could refer to
anybody we all have dreams at night if I
refer to an undocumented worker that
could be me when I was 14 we all were
working off the books right but what the
reason they used those words is they
don't want to deal with the reality of
the question illegals organizing
authorizing term Donald Trump had to pay
to write there other if you called
Donald Trump and illegal because he
ripped off Americans taxpayers with a
scam online he's not an illegal alien
he's in America I'm talking about the
slur illegals would you call Donald
Trump and illegal illegal refers to a
foot wide variety of crimes illegal
alien I've only heard why with people
with brown skin that's why I'm asking
wait what was that if you drive 56 in a
55 zone bro you're an illegal you're an
illegal driver well it's actually a
marginalized brown people it's not
criminal but if you're driving a hundred
and a 50 sure you're an illegal driver
but you're not an illegal alien and I
think we should speak frankly I'm not
talking about that talk about the term
illegals when I say these political
correctness yeah it's an authorizing
term meant to make Christians think
these aren't actually children of God
they're not actually meant to make them
realize they're not American citizens
which they're not right but they are not
American citizens no one's claiming they
are just not using slur talk like
illegals is just an attempt to be less
dickish to an already marginalized
people and so Donald Trump has appealed
to a certain kind of white voter I know
that my friend is confused about
Scripture but imprecise language is not
good and precise language is not a fact
you're going back to this whole thing to
pick on me again I'm not your enemy you
brought up you brought up the Christians
again pal right but we moved on from
that to talk about get netflix for
twenty minutes oh right and then you
brought them up again just now so I'm
just responding okay but what my point
is we political correctness in and of
itself is not an evil thing trying to be
in kinder to our fellow humans is not a
negative thing but but lie lying is a
negative thing and using language that
is a negative thing don't go down the
path of lying as a negative thing when
Trump is your boy
I mean he's lied up and down the fucking
line you want to talk about lying that's
like you know he tells some white he
does tell some lies on top you've lost
all credibility right here make another
statement stop I can make an adoptee you
say after this point is not valid don't
think okay I just assume that he's a
liar do you party how much Saudi Arabia
gave the Clintons what I think is
because he himself and this is the truth
this is the truth a journalist to work
for The Washington Post who Donald Trump
has a problem with the press Donald
Trump has taken the truth and totally
bastardized it so there is no more truth
which as a comedian I'll fucking bring
it back as a comedian all we have is
truth because that's what we're basing
off of and if everybody accepts
something as the truth Donald Trump his
legacy is that he is obliterated truth
in this country there's 30 percent of
this country that does not believe what
is actually true and the rest of the
country knows it Lauren you want to get
here I have a question for you so you
mentioned political correctness is about
being kinder but you're you're bringing
in specific instances of language so
okay when we're talking about the realm
of comedy do you think there is a place
for a comedian to use irreverent
language and have it be quote funny I do
and again you know offensiveness is in
the high that beholder and I'm not here
to dictate content to anybody you know
you can go to a club and some guy will
attack really Mart you like go to a club
some time and you'll see somebody really
punching down like against homeless
people jokes or they'll say they'll tell
retard jokes
I mean adults still talk that way in
some clubs and you know it might be
funny for five minutes because you're
drunk then you feel dirty afterwards but
like it goes both ways because I'm
guilty of it too you know I I I defend
political correctness in theory you take
a Trump speech about political
correctness and replace that term with
respect the American people are tired of
having all this respect GM debt our
throats you're forcing all this respect
for other people on us and I'm all talk
right but then I told the joke a couple
of weeks ago where I got really hit hard
and I learned about my own
phal ability and hypocrisy because when
everyone thought Mike Pence might have
written the anonymous op Edie where'd
lodestar and I told a harmless joke that
I knew was Mike Pence cuz lodestar
happens to be his username on Grindr now
it was fun I have hang on I've spent
I've spent my whole life since I was 13
years old like fighting homophobia and
using the Bible to fight homophobia
because you can't use the Bible to be
mean to same-sex relationships so I went
back to this guy saying I know I wasn't
homophobic it's a it's a humble erotic
joke about a homophobic guy that's like
no you're a homophobe you're not an ally
and I was like dude look at the context
there's no gay people being mocked here
I'm mocking a heterosexual helmet no
you're saying okay sex is icky I was
like bro penises are always funny
regardless of the gender they're being
put into straight sex is funny gay sex
and finally the guys like no you're not
an ally you're lucky I'm like well stop
being so politically correct Oh like I'm
guilty of it too and it's all because
something's political correctness that's
being language police until it's
something we agree with so again as
grown-ups we have these debates and we
fight our way through it and the
comedian's are the ones on the
frontlines way braver than politicians
of the media yeah
pushing that line finding where that
line is willing to offend people willing
to cost themselves work because they're
the real fighters for the First
Amendment there there is a show at the
Comedy Store on Tuesday nights called
the roast battle that was on Comedy
Central I highly recommend anybody here
who lives in LA to come to that show
it's like an 11 o'clock it is in that
room upstairs in the belly room the
ghosts of The Comedy Store exist in
there but it is theirs comedians calling
each other out and then doing the most
offensive jokes at each other that they
can possibly come up with and they are
amazing and in this climate and time you
have to be creative if you're just mean
it won't work if you are creative and it
is a brilliant joke no matter how mean
or how off color or how politically
incorrect it is the audience will reward
you and they're not hateful they're not
hating each other not hateful and in
that way and if you come across as
hateful you you get stuffed by the
audience it's unbelievable how the room
equalizes itself and there is a freedom
there I think made possible by how tight
political correctness has put a grip on
the rest of the world that there's a
freedom in that room that I just can't
describe it it's it's unbelievable and I
wish more of like in a comedy sense we
could get to that place but it's
difficult it's difficult because you do
have people out there who will call you
out now more than ever on social media
and that's liberals and conservatives
again who just love being offended we
talked about Louie CK a little bit ago
how do we separate the art in the
artists can we still love louis c.k can
we love bill cosby can we love roseanne
and we also talked about Roseanne did
she have the right comeuppance for her
activities I think you can't oh I'll
defend all those lefty you know louis
c.k or whatever i think you can separate
the art from the artist a lot of my
favorite authors in all of history were
dirty rotten scoundrels some great
people as people who've done great
things have been pretty rotten in
certain occasions and maybe including
our president I don't know so I
certainly think you can separate art
from the artist and and I thought the I
understood the response to Roseanne of
course she was gonna get fired for that
especially in this climate that is the
funniest thing you said the whole time
the Trump that that Trump is an artist
just let everybody know yes that's the
funniest thing you said my friends on
the Left say he's a con artist but he's
a real he's a Twitter artist he's a
hilarious all right yeah but I thought
the response to Roseanne I think in the
light of day even people on her show
John Goodman are saying was it was an
overreach and but they've got a
pretender LivePerson a monkey bit of an
overreach oh she said she didn't know
she took a lot of ambien I don't know I
don't care about Roseanne to defend her
what I'm just saying is that people say
offensive things you just said comedians
say horribly offensive things and I can
still enjoy Bill Cosby's comedy even
well keeping perfectly clear in my mind
that he did horrific things for a very
long time yeah cuz you're not a woman so
it's okay to listen to somebody joke
about putting quaaludes in people's
drunk at drinks while you have sex I can
still enjoy Kathy Griffin's pseudo
comedy even though she said she wants to
cut off the heads of yeah but you're
equating a sexual offender to
a woman who made a poor joke and poor
taste you're talking about the buddy who
broke the law you can laugh about that
you're not a Republican
that's what and I'm not a Democrat
either so stop making that assumption
because you called you keep calling me a
lefty you keep calling me the listen you
you have you caught you called us oh no
I was talking about my friends at the
ends of the table
oh not you okay well this is what I
wanted to say about Bill Cosby and
Roseanne Barr Roseanne Barr who actually
has been a mentor to me and has been
very kind to me in my in my life so i
I've never public publicly spoken about
her because of the relationship that I
have with her but what I will say about
louis c.k louis ck's history is that one
that obstructed the path of the women
that he sexually assaulted right so if
you want to enjoy his comedy and you can
because that is your right right no but
nobody that just speaks to who you will
disclosure I'm not a huge Louie CK fan
I'm just saying you can say I was it's
an artist from his art okay well I think
that the problem is that that mentality
has been so problematic because the
people who we separate the art from the
the artists
for example Woody Allen who is a
pedophile and we talk about Roman huh
that's I think separating the art from
the artist is right but I get in trouble
for this there there is there are those
who are not convinced he's actually a
pedophile
terrible boyfriend but uh okay well the
other so the other son has it was a
family therapist has come forward and
said that that's not true okay well the
arguments that these people Roman
Polanski and the people owe debate
they're okay there we go so let me let
me find the right one
all right so both cuz there's so many to
choose I agree but what I'm saying is
like this is the argument about you and
Nanette you think in Nanette is not
funny than people who think that nothing
to pull out their penises no no but she
said she wasn't gonna tell jokes right
I'm gonna make people laugh yeah she
said she wasn't gonna tell jokes from
that point forward which is some
comedians tell jokes and some comedians
or storytellers everyone telling funny
stories either she was telling tragic
stories
they okay who enjoyed that net in here
please so there's a group of people who
thought it was it was funny I like it
what I don't really doesn't know what
we're talking about yeah it's more
everybody doesn't want one of the things
is in varied vogue right now is digging
up people's old behavior and holding it
up to today's standards people's tweets
from years ago they're your books is
that a fair thing is your past fair game
by today's standards I think social
media is awesome but also so scary and I
think the most recent example this is
probably James Gunn or at least the
biggest one and not only are we digging
up people's past but we're also taking
what they've said regardless if it's
inappropriate or not I thought it wasn't
in inappropriate and we're not only are
we saving them for making jokes about it
but we're also attributing those beliefs
as if they actually had them right
you're not just someone who who joked
about this you actually this is proof
you're a pedophile and I don't think
that's okay and especially for people
who have been in the entertainment
industry for a long time I mean to hold
them to today's standards of what is and
what is not acceptable
especially like when you take things out
of context like a lot of James Gunn's
tweets specifically were I think it's
just it's bad news for anyone who's in
the public spotlight whether you're on
the left or on the right but there's no
way that's a great point that is a great
point there's there's really no way you
made those tweets I think people should
have to answer for those tweets and
whatever their response is then it's
like if you've ever been a relationship
with someone or you have kids and they
do something wrong or you do something
wrong there is a very specific apology
you have to give in order for everybody
to move on one that shows you understand
the gravity of what you did that was
wrong and whatnot especially when it
comes to tweeting and digging up things
from the past in terms of you know like
your social media footprint as far as I
was concerned I think if you do offer up
an excellent
we should move forward it should not
threaten work in it as far as that goes
but like you know I just think like you
need a very specific to an sir
everything that was there in a way
that's at and there is a satisfying
thing it's hard to put your finger on
but there is a satisfying answer that
satisfies everybody and satisfies
majority of the population
you just have to get there with it I
totally agree but in the case of James
Gunn and I may sound like the
conservative here now but like yeah
reading his joke it's clear he's telling
a joke
Disney fired him because they were
afraid of what would happen if when
there are children's comic book movie
opened what some parents would say about
having a guy who jokes about raping kids
direct a film for kids guardians three
so while I was sad he was fired because
he's a terrific filmmaker and I like
those movies at the end of the day when
we as artists work in a corporate medium
we are subject to the dictates of the
people who write the checks so Disney
had every right to fire him I was
thrilled that DC hired him just last
week to do with the r-rated Suicide
Squad - because he's a great filmmaker
and I think that that actually you know
he's had his punishment but he's still
gonna have a chance but what about I
mean if he would have made that joke and
made that tweet currently after he was
hired by Disney to do this movie I can
understand Disney being like you're gone
I understand the concern that you had
and that I thought it was wrong of them
to do it I'm just saying that like for
something that happened long before you
ever even got in this and it was you
need to answer for it yes this was a job
in The Trevor Noah when he took over
Daily Show they found all of his old you
know fat chick jokes from ten years ago
and used him against him they did and I
think everyone can understand Disney's
market reasoning for it but I think that
kind of reasoning leads people open to
do you have to be purity tested as an
artist in order to participate not that
I'm saying that no no yeah I know but
it's it's the dilemma we all face right
and you know I mean you have people like
Rihanna now who have been in kids movies
right and I mean obviously the kinds of
videos music video she makes the lyrics
she writes those aren't for children so
I think we should be able to separate
artists like that and I think if parent
is mad about you know this one specific
person they're free to not purchase that
film and in which case Disney's gonna
have to do some calculations whether
it's worth it but at the end of the day
if you're a parent and your kids are
seeing that kind of material that's on
you to monitor them morally I agree with
Michael's point that we do have to set
we have to separate the art from the
artist I know it might sound like
bullshit Bill Cosby is the single
greatest live comedian I have ever seen
in my life and I've seen him more than
once and I know one can do what he does
and he raped over 45 women so you know I
have no problem with saying yes the
comedy was great and the man has to go
away John Lennon beat his first wife
does that mean I have to throw out all
my Beatles albums or do I recognize that
we're all sinners were all fucked up in
our own ways and I can still enjoy the
music because John in the case of Lennon
you know spent 10 years writing feminist
songs apologizing for being a violent
bad man but generally the market will
decide the market is why you can have
James Franco do what he did and show his
dick in an acting class and he can't get
an Oscar nomination but Gary Oldman beat
the shit out of his wife's face with a
phone receiver in front of their kids
and he won the actual Oscar so our
outrage levels are very subjective no
matter who we are I think the market
will bear it out because in the case of
Cosby I mean I would argue that Cosby
himself which was especially recorded
like 1983 or 84 in Toronto where he's
just sitting down is one of the single
greatest specials I've ever seen it was
so influential for me and my brother
watching that it did brilliant brilliant
brilliant brilliant but if I were to go
back and watch it now I know it just
would have a problem I will just be
thinking about a guy who even after that
taping probably raped a woman you're
like I bet he or whatever you know I
mean just even if that's in my thought
and I'm suddenly taken out of the
brilliance of his comedy and I'm
thinking about him as a person same what
I will never watch his stand-up again
and so I think like yeah and he only has
himself to blame for that but I'm just
saying that like that it does work its
way in in a comedy sense and you can't
you want to separate it but I don't
think you can in the end because it's
just the creep level is just there you
just can't go you don't all the Harvey
Weinstein movies what can you smile more
why question for you and then we'll
branch out politically but I'm too in
comedy is what what is the effect been
to you as a female performer is it
empowering so give you more to talk
about do you feel like you actually need
to be more respectful of women yourself
as a female
what's what's the relationship there
then I want to hear from the guys as
well well I mean I go do stand-up for
women that's that's my that's my number
one mission because we have to have a
voice I'm a Latin woman and people don't
expect me to have a point of view about
social issues and politics people think
I'm gonna go up and dance and talk about
my eyebrows being drawn on with a
sharpie so it gets a little old when
people are like oh shit she's talking
about abortion or she's talking about
whatever but I think the me to movement
is been listen I when people start
talking to me about falling into these
categories of the political parties like
the Red Sox and the Yankees I'm all
about the people I'm all about the
people that what I and what I would I
I was registered independent when I
started voting and everything that I
think about has to do with the people so
when I go out and I think about this me
too movement that can be tone deaf at
times and I will say it's very easy for
a bunch of rich white chicks who put on
their black dresses and go to the Oscars
and make these statements about you know
about sexual harassment and women who
are poor all women that are poorly white
black light in the middle of the country
have to go back to Applebee's and deal
with the sexual harassment that doesn't
go away I want to hear about a movement
that includes those people so when it
when it comes to the me to movement I
think good some people are getting
busted and you're hearing about it
but I still want to know about what are
you putting into play that is gonna
affect people who don't have the money
that you have and the opportunities that
you have I hear a lot of the white dudes
suck in their teeth when I say when I
talk about you know the racial stuff but
it's the truth and it's not just um you
know people of color who are poor
throughout the country who don't have
representation in this movement there
are a lot of women who don't have the
money that it's easy to get on
television and talk about sexual
harassment and you're turning down
millions of dollars and you know I'm not
doing but that doesn't include all of
those people who don't have this
privilege and I think that at times the
me to movement can be tone-deaf and
leaves a lot of women behind it's I mean
it sounds like as well it is a power
for so many people it's like I have the
power to do this to you and I'm gonna
fucking do it to you because I can and
that is the attitude that needs to be
cracked like if one dude somewhere is
like you know what I probably shouldn't
do this because maybe it'll come back to
bite me if there's even just like a
recognition of that that's the beginning
I mean I have two daughters they're 11
and 13 those are their names
it was a huge strain huge stranger
things fan they're great and I want them
to to not grow up in an area where in a
world where people and men of power can
enforce that on them no matter what I
don't care that they're white I don't
care who you are but again this idea
that like and I think because people in
minorities suffer it so much more it the
power element comes into it so much more
it's like what are you gonna do about it
what's your voice gonna be so I do think
it's great that we are talking about
this I actually want to ask the roaming
millennial about this one because I was
thrilled with me too and I was thrilled
to see - you know - mr. scelera is point
yeah all sexual assault is about power
it's all of it
sexual harassment is about power rapes
about power it's not about lust and I
was thrilled to see these guys not being
able to walk between the raindrops with
their privilege but to me we have a
pastime in America of yanking people
down from the pedestals we'll put them
on and until - I at this point until
this trickles down to where the Burger
King manager is afraid to grope the girl
work in the fry machine is it still just
a celebrity mini-series or did me to
actually have a real impact on real
people well I think in like she was
saying a lot of ways it was just this
glamorized movement of yeah rich wealthy
people showing up to red carpets wearing
different clothing and frankly I think
funnily enough a lot of the men who are
vocal supporters of the meaty movement I
wouldn't be so surprised if you know
years down the line we find out oh they
were complicit - in some way and what's
what I have found shocking about me -
and we've talked about on our show is
that it's I mean it's it seems shocking
at how prevalent the abuse of power was
and I think you're right like this is
about abuse of power and have have
things change for the average person
because of it
honestly you know I don't think so I
think that it's it's great if somewhere
you know maybe a comedian
someone in power might think twice about
it but I don't think we've gotten to a
point where the average you know the
manager or an employer might think Oh
better not do this that that's all
honestly probably going to be something
that takes a more of a grassroots
movement from the ground up people in
certain organizations you know bringing
class-action suits if it's against a
specific employer stronger Human
Resources I guess accessibility is for
people to address these grievances but
right now we haven't started any of that
but it's been great for comedy because
progressives and conservatives alike
like to see a villain taken down so me
too has been not just good for society
it's I think been really good for comedy
the other point I wanted to make is that
comedians are like the blue-collar
workers of the entertainment business we
don't have a union so that you know who
Amy Schumer is at louis c.k but there
are hundreds and thousands of comedians
who don't have there are women working
all over the country getting paid you
know ten dollars a set who are still
subject to a lot of inappropriate
behavior that you will never hear about
because they're just not significant
enough in this star driven you know
universe and so people don't really care
about them you know and not that that we
hear all the time when we go on the road
last question then we might have a few
minutes for Q&A I'm not sure yet which
side is better at taking a joke the side
that isn't shrieking in the street and
chasing Ted Cruz out of restaurants and
encouraging its members to go to
Republican houses where their children
sleep that side is better at taking a
joke you if wait are you referring to
that 1997 Clinton era policy the Flores
consent degree right there was there was
also there was also practiced under the
Obama administration is that what you're
referring to it's selective outrage it
seems yeah I'm just saying that the
policy you're referring to was was
decided under the Clinton administration
it was enforced under the Obama
administration and people are pretending
to be outraged now because they don't
like Trump
that that is true that when was the
florist consent decree decided not 1997
well a part of the law has been
selectively enforced you're right about
that but it wasn't forced at other time
Society I answer the question I think
both sides on the fringe are terrible at
having jokes being poked about people in
the middle are much better and if you
can write a great joke that maybe even
doesn't Co you know coincide with your
exact beliefs then I think people in the
middle will laugh at it but people on
both extreme sides will not and they
just will not take that and I think they
both can't handle the joke equally I
think they're both snowflakes on both
sides and when I grew up in the 90s so
when I was growing up I remember that
any time you heard about censorship when
it came to TV shows or movies it was
always from the Christian right right
there were the ones when I was growing
up who were saying you can't have this
this is offensive this must be taken
down I feel like now we're in the age
where it's kind of shifted a little bit
where political correctness is what you
hear about the most when it comes to
censoring art or comedy but like you
said it it's from both sides and you
know the site I guess that you guys run
is is it funny or offensive I think a
lot of the times it can be both it is
both funny and offensive and Ricky
Gervais is someone who offends me and
makes me laugh to no end and I think
that's great and like I said most people
are okay with that with it being both
it's not either/or I think it depends on
where it's coming from and the intent of
how you're doing it if someone is I mean
again a joke really matters on intent
like how are you using this joke and in
a way that is just to point out
something that's funny or in a way to be
mean I think that comes through and an
audience will get that one way or
another because there's some there's
comedians out there who think something
that offensive is funny by virtue of
being offensive right so they've taken
it to the other extreme where I'm
offending you
therefore laugh which is not not the
case that you can't just say something
awful and expect people to like it and I
think comedians do get called out for
and people aren't going to laugh like
you said I would say that I agree with
him with the people in the middle I
think that right now it just depends on
where how passionate you are about what
you believe in and how offended you
choose
to be because people who are pretty
objective can take a joke about anybody
I remember Johnny Carson used to make
jokes about everybody and it wasn't just
targeting one group but now everybody's
pick the side not everybody but many
people have picked the side and if you
offend my side now I'm walking out of
your show but I I love the people who
are able to sit through a comedy show
and say I didn't agree with this but I
just thought this was really funny and I
appreciate the fact that you made me
think about this from this perspective
and I look forward to the day when that
becomes the majority again because a lot
of people come to the comedy of shows
just to become just to be outraged they
actually show up just to be upset about
what I mean yes yes we were we I don't
want to overtake this but I mean I just
think that by the way as a comedian it
is as fun to make front of the left and
I am a lefty yes lefty but it is as fun
to make fun of left as it is to the
right my brother and I were just in
Boulder Colorado and we like tried to
throw away a coffee cup outside that is
the most progressive city in the world
I'm like I've refinanced my house and
that was easier than trying to throw it
away there's recycling trash landfill
compost there's a fucking goat with its
mouth open I'm like I got so flustered I
just threw it away in a mailbox I was
like I know this is a federal offense
but now I am I am so Pro like you know
the environment and I'm anti all of the
stuff that makes climate change that
accelerates all that stuff but that was
a really fun joke to make fun of them
because that's taking it like - fine
it's taking it too far in some way even
if I kind of even believe in that yes
there should be all these things it's
like it was fun and truthfully those
people really laughed at it because they
were like yeah it is a little ridiculous
and then of course he made fun of the
fact that we thought that they would
elect a dog as a mayor a very
progressive dog who's been there for 28
years
well four years and he's very anti cat
he tried to deport all the cats he was
literally putting kittens in cages like
they were animals and so okay now we're
making fun of them for being too
progressive but we're also making fun of
the right and so I think it can be done
is what I'm saying and it
can be done and in that way there was a
roomful of people some on the right some
on the left who were all kind of
laughing at each other and in that way I
do think comedy can bring people
together in a certain way and that's why
we keep doing it that's a great note for
us to end on I don't think we're allowed
to do QA timewise are we okay thank you
panel thank you audience good by the way
I'm doing a special all-male
interpretation of Hannah gatsby's act
please watch me
