all right let's begin the week with the
New York Times a former newspaper and
that rambunctious collection of clowns
and black ERDs they call their op-ed
page we like to call it knucklehead row
this weekend the knuckleheads at
knucklehead Rowe outdid themselves in
knuckleheaded miss with an op-ed
entitled stormy Daniels feminist hero
yes I know what you're thinking you're
thinking Oh Cleveland you're such a
funny guy how I love your hilarious
satire and you're good-looking too but
no so help me this is a real op-ed Jill
Phillip avec miss filipova ccess storm
you stormy Daniels is a feminist hero
because she is not ashamed of being a
porn star who had an affair with a
married man and then blackmailed him and
then refused to honor the deal she
agreed to when she was paid off because
she saw an opportunity to get more money
and attention and her lack of shame for
doing these things makes her a feminist
hero because now feminists can imitate
her by doing immoral degrading
self-destructive and utterly humiliating
things without being ashamed so yay
from now on all across America New York
Times reading feminist moms and they're
absolutely miserable husbands will be
teaching their daughters to be more like
stormy maybe by showing them some of
Stormies films like dripping wet sex for
young in anal and of course the
unforgettable tormented in which she
plays tormented woman in sexy number six
and sure watching movies like that may
not turn you into a strong independent
woman but at least they'll leave you
weeping over the degradation of your
gender by stormy Daniels but you know
there is one way in which stormy has
exhibited feminist independence she has
made her own choices
she chose to sleep with Trump she chose
to commit blackmail
she chose to take hush money then chose
to break her contract and make a
spectacle of herself in fact everything
that's happened to stormy is because of
something she chose so why is everyone
trying to blame Trump huh strange
