the Daily Mirror is now pushing man bras
I am not kidding you man
bras okay and here is what they are
saying they're saying lacey bras for men
are now a thing and you can also buy
matching knickers okay k and IC k ers
okay it's a British word hey I did not
just say racial slur I just want to make
that absolutely clear because I would
never say a racial slur like that but I
want to make absolutely clear so Media
Matters doesn't suggest that I would
ever say a racial slur because I just
pronounced a word for undergarments in
in in British okay so I just want
because that's the way that this
industry works now so here is what the
here's what the Daily Mirror says ladies
if you've ever looked at your man's
underwear and thought it was a bit dull
then you're not alone okay I don't know
a single lady who has ever looked at
men's underwear and thought it was a bit
dull they say there's so much choice
when it comes to women's underwear from
thongs to brazillian and Bridget Jones
style pants not to mention strapless
multi way and water bras most men have
only boxers or briefs to choose from you
know why because women don't operate
with regard to sex the same way that men
do they don't okay women aren't like the
men we'll check out pretty much any
women that is moving because that is
evolutionarily but it's it's
evolutionarily beneficial for men to
check out women and women don't think
about sex in exactly the same way which
is why men find the unclothed female
body a lot more attractive than women
find the unclothed male body as a
general rule this is not to say that
women aren't into sex but it is to say
that you compare men's view of sex to
woman's view of sex is obviously
ridiculous and it's one of the reasons
why prostitution is a largely is an
industry that almost entirely caters to
male and why pornography is an industry
then almost entirely caters to males in
any case we're now going to try to
pretend that women are exactly the same
about sex as men are and that women are
into men dressing like ladies which is
real weird so the Daily Mirror says this
is all about to change as one lingerie
company has created a unique line of
bras and undergarments going to change
the word especially for men
hey hum Mystere is selling lacey bras
matching underwear and for the male who
wants to wear something a little more
sexy under his clothes as if that's not
enough men can get their own silicone
ids baby dolls and body suits no no this
is according to the website it's not
just the men getting a kick out of the
soft luxurious underwear the women love
it too okay quick survey of the women in
the room is this something that you're
into
just you need to stop vomiting back
there why are you vomiting hey into the
trashcan please no women are not into
this I love that I love that people
actually posted reviews of this and
we're not embarrassed as a review posted
for the turquoise Annabelle bra said so
sexy my girlfriend loves me in this and
the matching panties then let me suggest
that your girlfriend may in fact be into
other types of things as well okay like
if you're dressing a man as a lady maybe
she's just into the ladies because this
is not a thing it's not even close to a
thing one man reviewing the Tiffany
sleepwear set commented the material
feels so soft and sensuous to the touch
and feels so on and feel so comfortable
you could sleep in at all might if it
wasn't so sexy okay I got nothing
I got nothing I'm Daily Mail thank you
for that I'm glad that you've made the
world a significantly worse place today
and it was already an unbelievably
crappy place after the news of the
weekend the equation of men and women
with regard to sex is one of the Dumber
things on the agenda of feminists and
radical leftists this idea that women
treat men's bodies the same way that men
treat women's bodies is essentially
insane it's essentially insane it's just
crazy because men and women's brains do
not treat sex the same way and to
pretend that what women really want out
of men is for men to be more feminine is
is totally nuts it's totally crazy
there's not there's not a straight woman
alive who wants men to be who wants men
to be more feminine just as there is no
straight man alive
who's interested in women being really
really masculine what I really want my
wife to be is more like a man okay
that's not a thing so the separation of
sexist is one of the great things about
life and the attempt to destroy that
with stupidities like this the truth is
that the Daily Mail is just looking for
clickbait and they got it I had to give
it attention because it's so insane but
it's so we need okay we need to stop
showing these pictures because it's just
too horrifying it's just too terrible
all the way all the way around
