while the nation focuses on scandal
other serious problems are actually
cropping up the latest updates in the
Trump investigations hand we will check
the mailbag i'm ben shapiro this is the
ben shapiro show
every day another piece of news and
every piece of news more annoying than
the last so much to get to today we will
get to all of it first let's talk about
your second Amendment right so if you're
a law-abiding citizen you want to press
your family you want to protect your
country you want to protect your home
well then you should probably have a gun
and you should also know how to use that
gun and that's where the u.s. CCA comes
in right now you have a chance to win
big from the u.s. ECA because the u.s.
ECA wants to give you a free gun right
now they're giving away a different gun
every single day this month but they are
going fast you're almost out of time to
win go to defend your family now calm to
get entered right now you could get up
to 17 chances to win your gun every day
it could be 17 kimber 17 Glocks maybe
even that new Sig Sauer they're running
out fast get yours right now all you
have to do is go to defend your family
now.com to reveal the gun you could take
home today it's totally free remember
not a lot of time the gun of the day
always disappears at midnight they're
almost gone so hurry it's your big
chance to take home one of these guns
don't miss out go to defend your family
now dot-com to get entered to win that
free gun right now that's defend your
family now calm again defend your family
now calm you go CCA also provides you
all sorts of educational and legal
resources that you need and want as a
law-abiding gun owner you should be a
member in any case go check them out it
defend your family now.com defend your
family now calm okay so let's begin with
all of the legal updates in the
investigation into President Trump and
the Trump Organization and in campaign
finance violations and and all the rest
of it there's a good piece today from
Kimberly Strauss all about the feeling
that a lot of folks on the right are
getting that this is all one-sided and
President Trump is among those who feel
that this is all one-sided that the
investigations into Trump have been
consistent non-stop and we're never
mirrored by any similar investigations
into the Hillary Clinton Foundation or
into hit the into Hillary Clinton's
emails this feeling that there are a lot
of folks who were responsible for bad
action on the left side of the aisle but
got away with it because there was no
specific special investigation that was
dedicated to them and there's some truth
is Kimberly strassens column today is
all about this she points out and the
country has watched the FBI treat one
presidential campaign with kid gloves
the other with informants Warrenton
eavesdropping they've seen the Justice
Department resist all efforts and
accountability even as it fails to hold
its own accountable and don't get them
started on the one sided media and yet
they are now witnessing unequal
treatment in special
counsel Robert mullahs probe yes the
former FBI director deserves credit for
smoking out the Russian trolls who
interfered in 2016 and one can argue
he's obliged to pursue any evidence of
criminal acts even those unrelated to
Russia but what cannot be justified is
the one-sided nature of his probe now I
think there is truth to the idea the DOJ
should be looking into campaign finance
violations for example by the Hillary
Clinton campaign as Kimberly Strasser
will explain in a second it looks like
there were some of those violations but
those are kind of going by the wayside
however it is important to recognize
that Muller's original purview was
Russian collusion and all crimes
connected thereto and when it comes to
Russian collusion and election
interference all of that seems to be
coming from the Trump side of the aisle
so I'm not going to blame Muller for the
Beretta for the breadth of his purview
however you can say that the DOJ outside
of Muller ought to be looking into
campaign finance violations by the
Hillary team so here is what Kimberly
stressfull rights and I think that she's
correct she says if there's only one set
of rules whereas mr. Muller's referral
of a case against Hillary for America
federal law requires campaigns to
disclose the recipient and purpose of
any payments the Clinton campaign paid
fusion gps to compile a dossier against
mr. Trump a document that became the
basis of the Russian narrative mr.
Miller now investigates but the campaign
funneled the money to law firm Perkins
Coie which in turn paid fusion gps the
campaign falsely described the money as
payment for legal services the DNC did
the same a Perkins Coie spokesperson has
claimed that neither the Clinton
campaign nor the DNC was aware that
fusion gps had been hired to conduct the
research and maybe so but a lot of
lawyers here seems to have been ignoring
a clear statute presumably with the
intent of influencing an election and
she points out also that there have been
prosecutions under the foreign agent
Registration Act which is what has been
used to to nail Paul Manafort and Rick
Gates people who are acting as
essentially emissaries of foreign powers
without registering as such but Strasser
points out under this standard where are
the charges against the principles of
fusion GPS who Senator Chuck Grassley
have said to look to have been lobbying
on behalf of powerful Russians against
the US sanctions law with its payments
again funneled through a law firm there
was a sideline to its dossier work but
mr. Muller
usually has no issue with sideline
charges so I think that she's correct
that there should be more investigation
into perkins coie there should be more
investigations into the DNC
however it is imperative to note just in
the interest of intellectual honesty
that when it comes to
president Trump and Michael Cohen
Michael Cohen is the president's fixer
Michael cones the guy who turned on
Trump that's the reason we're talking
about all of this right now the reason
we're talking about all of this right
now is because Michael Cohen was the guy
who was funneling the money and he has
now turned on President Trump and
admitted criminal wrongdoing the same
has not held true with regard to Perkins
Coie that doesn't mean there shouldn't
be an investigation but there is a
slight difference in the amount of
evidence that has now been leveraged
against President Trump and against the
and against the Trump Organization with
all of that said the breaking news today
is that the Manhattan district
attorney's office is considering
pursuing criminal charges against the
Trump Organization and to senior company
officials in connection with Cohen's
hush-money payment to an adult film
actress according to two officials with
knowledge of the matter a state
investigation would Center on how the
company accounted for its reimbursement
to mr. Cohen for the hundred and thirty
thousand dollars he paid to the actress
Stephanie Clifford who has said she had
an affair with President Trump the
official said both officials stressed
the offices review of the matter is in
its earliest stages and prosecutors have
not yet made a decision on whether to
proceed so presumably this would involve
state charges against the Trump
Organization or its executives the Trump
Organization involves members of
President Trump's family so it could
start to get very ugly for a lot of
members of presidents from family it's
also true that the state Attorney
General in New York hates President
Trump and is more than interested in
going after the Trump Organization does
this look like selective prosecution
does it look like they're going a little
bit too deep maybe but we're gonna have
to see what charges arise other news
connected to this is that Alan
weiselberger who's president Trump's
longtime financial gatekeeper according
to The Wall Street Journal was granted
immunity by federal prosecutors for
providing information about Michael
Cohen in the criminal investigation into
hush money payments for two women during
the 2016 presidential campaign according
to people familiar with the matter
weiselberger is the chief financial
officer of the Trump Organization so
he's been granted immunity the Trump
Organization again involves members of
trumps family so this could
theoretically reach into Trump's family
it could also be that we're only finding
out about weiselberger becoming an
informant for the government because of
the Cohen case in other words what
Weissenberg had to offer was bad
material on Cohen not about members of
the Trump family we'll have to find out
about all of that none of this is
particularly good for the president of
course and then the biggest story
connected with all of this is this kind
of bombshell store
that has now been reported by the New
York Times and a bunch of other and a
bunch of other outlets that the US
tabloid newspaper is the UK Guardian
reporting the National Enquirer kept a
safe containing documents on hush money
payments and other damaging stories it
killed as part of its cozy relationship
with President Trump leading up to the
2016 presidential election people
familiar with the arrangement have told
The Associated Press the detail came as
several media outlets reported on
Thursday that federal prosecutors had
granted immunity to the national
Enquirer's Chief David pecker
potentially laying bare his efforts to
protect his longtime friend Trump so if
there's a safe full filled with material
the media are basically outside that
safe like safe crackers from a bad heist
movie trying to break in to find out
what exactly president Trump's secrets
worth now there is a general sense as I
say that there's a little bit of
unfairness going on that on one side of
the aisle there's an investigation that
is going on into President Trump and all
of his associates that is
extraordinarily deep that is that is
extraordinarily detailed that takes an
enormous amount of effort and the
feeling is why are we taking all of this
effort on what may or may not be a
campaign finance violation and now that
effort pre-existed the investigation
into cohen right we have this whole
Russian collusion investigation there's
a feeling like this fruit of the
poisonous tree on the right that the
Russian investigation began it was it
was begun on the bad auspices that
basically it was exacerbated by a bunch
of bad claims from the DOJ and Obama
associates and Hillary Clinton
associates that was pushed forward by
people like Peter struck and then
eventually after President Trump fired
Robert Muller and after Jeff Sessions
recused himself then a special counsel
was appointed and that special
investigator then proceeded to dig into
Michael Cohen as an extension into that
and it all feels just a little too much
I think there is some truth to that
especially given the fact that the Obama
administration routinely ignored crime
that was happening within its own ranks
the Eric Holder was held in contempt by
Congress for not turning over documents
and the President of the United States
Barack Obama presented him with
executive privilege he shielded him with
executive privilege so the feeling of
unfairness on one side of the aisle is
absolutely true and I think it's
absolutely correct as well that also two
things can be true at once it can be
that unfairness is happening here that
Trump is being pursued in a way Obama
never would have been that Michael Cohen
is being pursued in a way no Obama
associate ever would have been all of
that can be true and at the same time it
can also be true that Trump is possibly
guilty of some stuff and that the people
around him are guilty of some stuff and
have already pled guilty to some stuff
so you can feel the unfairness and you
can also say that something corrupt went
on here now the question for the moral
person but you got to kind of root
values the question for the moral person
is do you think that this ought to
result in President Trump getting off
the hook as sort of a stop to the fact
that the DOJ has become thoroughly
politicized or is the answer that we
have to start enforcing the law
somewhere and if the law has to be
enforced against people on our own side
well that's the way it's gonna have to
go in other words do two wrongs make a
right so we live in a political sphere
where it is more important that both
sides be treated equally by being let
off the hook for corruption or is it
better that we actually start trying to
reinstate some semblance of law
enforcement in our system and it's hard
it's hard because it feels like we on
the right are constantly having to
basically suggest that we are on a
higher plane that we are that we are
going to play by the rules while the
other side doesn't and one of the great
irritate one of the right irritations on
Twitter and on social media these days
is you see all of these fools on the
left tweeting out stuff about how the
biggest scandal under Obama was that he
wore a tan suit one time in a briefing
that is nonsense there's a list as long
as my arm of scandals in which the Obama
administration was involved ranging from
the IRS to Benghazi to fast and furious
to the Health and Human Services
corruption to the Veterans Affairs
scandal in there a bevy of scandals
under Barack Obama a bevy of them and
yet they were treated as nothing by the
media and so the natural tendency of
human beings is to fight back against
that by saying okay well if you guys
aren't gonna play by the rules we're not
gonna play by the rules either why
should we abide by the law if you guys
are not going to abide by the law and
then when you look at the way the media
treat these issues you also feel a
certain sense of unfairness because the
media are all over American media right
this this National Enquirer tabloid
paper that had a close relationship with
Trump but how many newspapers were
covering for Barack Obama
how many newspapers made clear that they
were going into Obama's bidding the LA
Times in the run-up to the 2008 election
had a tape of Rashid Khalidi
who was an actual member of the
Palestine Liberation Organization is a
spokesman
terrorist group and Barack Obama
honoring him at an event and the LA
Times refused to release that publicly
so the same folks who are railing
against the National Enquirer for doing
Trump's dirty work as well they should
be a lot of them were doing Obama's
dirty work at when Obama was president
so it feels unfair on that and also in
just a second I want to talk about what
the predictable ramifications of that
should be but first let's talk about the
software you use at your company when
you're dealing with a real
head-scratcher having a go-to person on
call is a no-brainer and that certainly
holds true when it comes to figuring out
what software you should be using your
company to make your company more
efficient software advice has done all
the research for you their team of
advisors can point you in the right
direction
so you can start working more
effectively right away and it's
absolutely free just go to software
advice calm /ban you answer a few short
questions about your business and then
you'll be connected with an advisor to
discuss the best software options for
your needs talking to an advisor takes
just 10 minutes or less whether you're a
medical professional a construction
manager and HR pro software advice will
save you time and help you make a more
informed decision you know that if you
look across the country the sort of
software a lot of businesses use they're
using like software from 1995 and they
don't and they think oh well how much
time is it gonna take me to relearn
software reinstalling the software
that's cuz you don't know anything about
software which is why you need the folks
over at software advice they're ready to
be your on-call go-to team to help you
figure out business software in minutes
for free go check them out right now
software advice.com slash been to get
started that software at vice.com slash
men's connect with an advisor for free
software advice.com slash pen so as i
say you look at the media and the media
who are ripping on National Enquirer as
is well deserved the same media who rip
on Fox News all day for being
quote-unquote in the pocket of President
Trump those media are in the pocket of
the left and have been for decades and
it feels unfair all this feels unfair
and that's driving a level of support
for President Trump in spite of the
credible allegations of corruption
inside the Trump campaign I have
sympathy for this position I do there's
an emotional sympathy that accrues to
this it feels like the DOJ let Hillary
Clinton off the hook it feels like the
DOJ lepre rock obama off the hook it
feels like Eric Holder and Loretta Lynch
basically acted as Barack Obama's great
protectors while Jeff Sessions is not
doing the same for the President of the
United States and so why can't we just
play by their rules right that was in
fact one of the premises of the
of the Trump campaign was they're not
gonna play by the rules at the markets
of Queensbury rules let's just nominate
the guy who's not gonna play by any
rules at all who smashes every rule will
get the bull in the china shop he'll go
in there he will destroy all the rules
and then Trump won and it felt like
destroying the rules was the only way to
win and I think that that is a
predictable effect of the left's
decision to basically buck every rule
for decades for as long as I've been
alive and then insist that the right be
held to precisely those rules we're
seeing the same thing with the
impeachment talk today all the same
folks who are against Bill Clinton's
impeachment have now turned around and
said they are very much in favor of Bill
of Donald Trump's impeachment on similar
or lesser grounds it feels unfair it
feels like partisan hackery but the
question is is the solution to partisan
hackery more partisan hackery is the
country better off if Republicans if
conservatives start basically shying
away from the notion of a law
enforcement doing its job just because
the left has shied away from that is
that a recipe for a better politics is
that a recipe for a better country is
the way that we heal from all of this to
basically go along with the left's
premise that law enforcement should be
used as a tool of those in power or
should we recognize that law enforcement
should have a certain level of
Independence that law enforcement should
prosecute crimes as they come up maybe
that's the case we should be making to
the American people maybe the case we
should be making is look if this were
under Obama here to shut this stuff down
already
because the Democrats are more corrupt
but when Republicans get in power then
Republicans get prosecuted because
Republicans are willing to let law
enforcement go forward that seems to me
like a fairly moral case that ought to
be made and honestly if the American
people want to stand up against
corruption the answer to that is to
elect people who you know are not going
to stand in the way of investigation of
corruption that means don't elect
Democrats yeah I want to talk about
President Trump's response to all of
this because President Trump
representing as he does the sort of Ed
of the Republican Party and also
representing a guy who really loves
himself a lot he's very angry Jeff
Sessions Jeff Sessions is the Attorney
General and he's angry at Jeff Sessions
because Jeff Sessions has not acted as
eric holder or loretta lynch did he has
not stood there and protected president
Trump and president Trump's associates
from investigation into corrupt
activities so yesterday President Trump
was on TV with Fox & Friends and he went
off on Jeff Sessions in pretty harsh
terms it's a very very sad day
Jeff Sessions recused himself which he
shouldn't have done or he should have
told me even my enemies say that Jeff
Sessions should have told you that he
was going to recuse himself and then you
wouldn't have put him in he took the job
and then he said I'm going to recuse
myself I said what kind of a man is this
and by the way he was on the campaign
you know the owner isn't I gave him the
job because I felt lousy he was an
original supporter okay the answer is
he's the kind of man who does the
honorable thing by recusing himself I'm
very much in Jeff Sessions corner here
as the Attorney General of the United
States your job is to uphold the law of
the land in the Constitution of the
United States it is not to be the
president's protector I don't see how we
on the conservative right can complain
about Eric Holder if we just want our
own Eric Holder I don't see how we can
complain about Loretta Lynch meeting
with Bill Clinton if we just want our
own Loretta Lynch and I understand the
tendency to say listen they're corrupt
why can't we play by their rules they're
not playing by our rules so why can't we
play by their rules but I don't think
that that is a recipe for about our
country I think that's a recipe for a
worse country
Jeff Sessions finally fired back against
the president he issued a statement on
the basis of these statements he says I
took control of the Justice Department
the day I was sworn in which is why
we've had unprecedented success at
effectuating the President's agenda one
that protects the safety and security of
the American people reduces violent
crime enforces our immigration laws
promotes economic growth and advances
religious liberty while I am Attorney
General the actions of the Department of
Justice will not be improperly
influenced by political considerations I
demand the highest standards and where
they are not met I take action however
no nation has a more talented more
dedicated group of law enforcement
investigators and prosecutors than the
United States I am proud to serve with
them and proud of the work we have done
and successfully advancing the rule of
law the key line here is while I am
Attorney General the actions of the DOJ
will not be improperly influenced by
political considerations as jeff
sessions doing what he's supposed to do
which is he is saying listen I'm not
going to be pressured into doing
anything here right the way this works
is that I abide by the law and this is
correct but again I think there's a
battle that's now been breaking out on
the right I think it's a year's long
battle at this point as to how much of
your morality how much of decency are
you going to sacrifice for victory if
you feel like we have to and is it
really a victory if you sacrifice that
morality right is it have we won
anything let's say that lets say that
Jeff's
became a flat for President Trump let's
say that he fired Robert Muller and he
became a flat for president Trump just
defending him against all comers is that
a win for the country is that a win for
the right in one sense it's a win for
the right because President Trump
experiences less blowback presumably
although I'm not even sure that's true
because the media is so much to the left
but on the other hand what exactly is
the right fighting for if not the idea
that the rule of law applies to everyone
this is why I'm sympathetic to Kimberly
strassens argument more than I am to
president Trump's argument I don't think
the solution here is for Jeff Sessions
to suddenly become a political actor I
do think the solution here is for the
DOJ to look into malfeasance on all
sides that it shouldn't just be on one
side and that if that requires more
investigators it requires more
investigators like the the case against
unfairness is a strong one but the
solution to unfairness I don't think is
more unfairness unfortunately there's
some on the right who really believe
that they have to go along with the
president's whims here Lindsey Graham is
one of these folks senator from South
Carolina who a long time ago was very
anti Trump now he's very Pro Trump
obviously and he came out and he sort of
split the difference he says he thinks
that sessions did the right thing by
refusing but if the president fires
sessions he'll go along with it every
president deserves an attorney general
they have confidence in as to Jeff
Sessions I've never met a finer man he
was a great senator he's great lawyer I
think he's been a good Attorney General
but this is not working so I hope the
relationship gets better if it doesn't I
would imagine the president is going to
look for a new Attorney General because
what's going on is unsustainable I'm not
blaming anybody I love Jeff Sessions but
from my point of view the country is not
being well served with this much
friction I mean that's it as a breach in
the wall right there because Republican
senators were basically saying if Jeff
Sessions goes
we're not appointing a new Attorney
General it's just gonna be whatever
happens from there my trap session but
there's Lindsey Graham basically saying
if Trump fire sessions then we'll go
along with that which again do you think
that's gonna renounce Republicans
electoral benefit the American people
can sense when it feels like people are
being corrupt I think that you know we
have the sense on the right that Barack
Obama didn't pay a price for his
corruption that Barack Obama didn't pay
a price for Eric Holder and Loretta
Lynch except for the fact that
Republicans have been in control of
Congress since 2010 and now run the
presidency so the American people can in
fact feel corruption and extending the
corruption
the other side of the aisle is not an
actual solution hey speaking of which
we'll talk about Duncan Hunter and the
case against Duncan Hunter I also want
to talk a little bit about media
malfeasance and corruption because it's
pretty insane in just a second we'll
talk about president a little more about
President Trump as well but first let's
talk about your impending doom so you
will die at some point hopefully it'll
be a little while but when you do plots
you're gonna want to make sure that your
family was taken care of if not then not
only are they gonna be sad you're dead
but also they're not gonna have money to
pay for your funeral well that's why you
need policy genius go over to policy
genius and go check out their life
insurance rates right now
life insurance rates are the lowest
they've been in 20 years the best time
to buy is right now the best place to
buy is policy genius calm policy genius
is the easy way to compare life
insurance online in just five minutes
you can compare quotes from the top
insurers to find the best policy for you
and when you compare quotes you save
money it is indeed that simple policy
genius has helped over 4 million people
shop for insurance placed over 20
billion dollars in coverage they don't
just make life insurance easy
they also compare disability insurance
and renters insurance and health
insurance if you care about it they can
cover it so if you've been putting off
getting life insurance there is no
reason to put it off any longer go to
policy genius com get quotes apply in
minutes it is that easy you can do it
right now and you should because the
rates are their lowest in 20 years
policy genius it's the easy way to
compare it and buy life insurance again
policy genius calm the easy way to
compare and buy life insurance go check
them out right now policy genius comment
let them know that we sent you okay so
president Trump is you know very much in
line with with Lindsey Graham obviously
he's very upset with Jeff Sessions he
had a bunch of tweets this morning about
Jeff session so this is going to come to
a head here's what President Trump had a
tweety tweeted Department of Justice
would that be improperly influenced by
political considerations Jeff this is
great what everyone wants so look into
all of the corruption on the other side
including deleted emails coming lies and
leaks
Mulla conflicts mccabe struck page or a
few things that are actually necessary
to mention about here is that we only
know about Peter struck we only know
about McCabe we only know about about
Lisa Paige we only know about all of
this stuff because of an Inspector
General report from the Department of
Justice so it's not like the DOJ isn't
looking into this stuff or hasn't looked
into this stuff and if Trump wants to
order an investigation he does have the
capacity to do that now I haven't seen
the information jeff sessions has seen I
assume the president Trump has if
president from
feels the evidence is that strong he
should order an investigation right now
also if the president really feels like
all this stuff was really criminal you
know what he can do declassify all of it
remember the president does have the
power does he classify all of this
information so when he complains about
FISA abuse
Christopher's steel and his phoney and
corrupt dossier the Clinton Foundation
illegal surveillance of Trump campaign
Russian collusion by Dems and so much
more open up the papers and documents
without redaction come on Jeff you can
do it the country is waiting Jeff
Sessions is not the head of the
executive branch Donald J Trump is the
head of the executive branch if he wants
the papers opened up without redaction
all he has to do is declassify them he's
not doing that which suggests to me and
that his legal advisers have seen this
stuff and it doesn't all cut in the
direction that President Trump actually
wants it to cut in so how much of this
is fulmination for public purposes I
don't know but I'm getting frankly a
little frustrated with all the abuse of
Jeff Sessions from the right
particularly I don't think Jeff Sessions
is doing a bad job I think he's doing a
fine job and this this notion that Jeff
Sessions is somehow a tool of the left
when he was the first senator to endorse
Donald Trump he first okay don't talk
about he's not loyal to Trump he was the
first senator to endorse Donald Trump
back when Donald Trump didn't look like
he had a prayer okay this idea that
sessions is some sort of stool this is
some sort of stool pigeon for Hillary
Clinton I just I find it insulting
meanwhile the corruption on the right
side of the aisle continues to be a
public issue Duncan Hunter the
representative from California he has
been accused along with his wife of
basically embezzling $250,000 and using
it for personal purposes and then
apparently telling people that he was
using the money to benefit wounded vets
in some cases really ugly stuff well
last night he was down with martha
maccallum on fox news and he proceeded
to blame his wife so this is all going
great
so are you saying that it's more her
fault than your fault
well I'm saying when I when I went to
Iraq in 2003 the first time I gave her
power of attorney and she handled my
finances throughout my entire military
career and that continued on when I got
into Congress because I was gone five
days a week on home for two so why and
she was also the camp the campaign
manager so whatever she did on that
that'll be that'll be looked at too I'm
sure but but I didn't do it I didn't
spend any money illegally I didn't I did
not use
campaign money is especially for wounded
warriors stuff this is going great so
I'm gonna blame my wife perfect that's
that's gonna be the excuse yeah I can't
see how this goes off the rails how
about this how about we praise law
enforcement for doing its job and we
recommend the law enforcement when
Democrats take power or arm power ought
to be doing the same job again there are
electoral consequences to not abiding by
the law democrats found that out in 2010
2012 2014 and 2016 republicans are gonna
find that out if they go the way of
democrats and start using law
enforcement in order to shield all of
their friends meanwhile let's talk about
the hypocrisy of some in the media
because it truly is astonishing so over
the last few days there's been a lot of
talk about molly Tibbets molly Tibbets
20 year old college student in iowa who
was essentially picked up off the street
and murdered by an illegal immigrant she
was just jogging this illegal immigrant
drove up alongside her in a truck he
actually cat called her she tried to run
away from him she threatened to call the
police he grabbed her he killed her he
threw in the trunk and then he dumped
her in a cornfield in the middle of Iowa
is just an awful awful story and this
has become a national issue for a couple
of reasons some good and some bad
and I want to discuss whether it's moral
to make this a national issue because
when there's a school shooting there are
some of us on the right who say the
media's attempt to make every school
shooting into the jumping off point for
a gun control discussion without any of
the facts being in that's immoral when
we have these town hall events in
parkland where Marco Rubio is called a
murderer in front of a throng of people
all cheering and baying for his blood
that is not a that that is a bad thing
right there they're a bunch of us who
say that that is inappropriate but when
it comes to the Molly Tibbets case then
we're a little softer well I think that
there are some distinctions to be drawn
between the Molly Tibbets cases and some
of the school shooting stuff here's the
basic analysis I think that there there
are a couple reasons why you should talk
about cases like Molly Tibbets one case
is obviously that people who are
murdered ought to be talked about and
this holds true whether it's somebody
who's murdered in Chicago or whether it
is a girl who was murdered in Iowa the
media tend to focus on more attractive
victims that's just the way the media
works this is a pretty young woman who
was killed and unfortunately the media
feel they can get more clicks when they
cover Molly Tibbets that's one reason
the other reason that but but the reason
that she really deserves attention is
because the media pay outsized attention
to victims they think pushed their
particular narrative and then they
ignore victims who they think do not
push that particular narrative so they
covered Molly Tibbets wall-to-wall
until it turned out that the illegal
that the killer was an illegal immigrant
at which point they still covered Molly
Tibbets but they mostly covered the fact
that the right was pointing out that
Molly Tibbets his killer was an illegal
immigrant they're not gonna have any
town halls in Iowa about illegal
immigration after Molly Tibbets was
killed by an illegal immigrant they're
not going to do that if she'd been
killed in a school shooting there would
be a town hall in Iowa tomorrow with CNN
in the lead there's no question that
that would be the case so when is it
actually appropriate to talk about
policy well it's appropriate to talk
about policy when three factors have
been fulfilled I think first when we
know the actual circumstance of a given
incident so we actually know what
happened one of the problems with a lot
of the school shooting talk is that we
don't actually know what happened some
somebody shoots up a school we don't
know where they got the gun we don't
know anything about the shooter and
before you can even before the bodies
are even cold before before we even know
whether people are alive or dead
everybody jumps to a gun control
conversation on Twitter that's
inappropriate because you actually need
more facts to talk about policy in this
case the fact that this guy was an
illegal immigrant it does raise one
policy issue which is are we properly
enforcing our laws but we actually don't
know why he was in the country how he
got into the country what laws would
have had to be more strictly enforced in
order to keep him out of the country we
don't know any of those things so I
think that it is premature to talk
policy with regard to this guy second
you should talk about an instance when
the circumstances are representative of
a broader trend there is there is crime
among the illegal immigrants well
there's arguments about whether that
crime rate is higher or lower than the
domestic population but the bottom line
is that if one crime is committed by an
illegal immigrants then that is one
crime too many considering that that
illegal immigrant should not be in the
country so I think it's fair to talk
about it from that perspective and third
you can talk about policy when the
policy recommend that logically concerns
the trend and would have stopped the
incident question this is where I say
I'm not sure we have enough information
about Molly's hits yet so in what
situation should we cover the Molly
Tibbets thing we should cover it by
recognizing that the media are
completely unjust in their own coverage
of these issues that Molly Tibbets will
not be covered by CNN in the same way as
school shooting would be covered by CNN
I think that's a perfectly fair
political point to make on the back of
the Molly Tippit's case I think it is
also perfectly fair to talk about
illegal immigration and the costs
thereof in terms of crime because we
know this guy was an illegal immigrant
however when it comes to policy making
I'm not sure we can actually talk about
what policies ought to be implemented
yet because we don't know how the guy
got in the country how long you been
country had he been deported deported
previously had he committed other crimes
we don't know enough about that at this
point however the media's anger at even
discussing the issue is wildly outsized
and hypocritical considering how much
they are willing to cover every single
school shooting up the wazoo so here's
quest Chris Cuomo on CNN going after
president Trump for talking about Mali
Tibbets Kate Steinle now Mali Tibbets
they put their faces out there almost
like campaign posters and the political
pitch follows soon thereafter if you're
not with the president on how to deal
with a legal entrance and really his
hostility toward all immigrants you are
disrespecting these victims and their
families and you're putting others in
danger I don't accept that okay so Chris
Cuomo is not making the worst argument
here the problem is that he's made
precisely the reverse argument it comes
to guns everyone on CNN hey that's right
just take all the things he said and
flip them around so it's about school
shootings and now he sounds like a
hypocrite because Chris Cuomo and CNN
have said that if you don't agree with
them on gun control it's because you
don't care enough about the dead kids
this is one of my pet peeves in politics
is when people do this routine so I
think that it's it's a mistake to say
that folks on the Left don't care about
people who are killed by illegal
immigrants but it is fair to talk about
border policy once all the facts are in
and it's certainly fair to point out the
hypocrisy of the media that is willing
to ignore crimes like this in order to
focus in on crimes that push their
political agenda in a more thoroughgoing
way Geraldo Rivera does the same thing
on Fox News obviously he's a pro illegal
immigrant figure and so he's very upset
that people are talking about illegal
immigration he's not here legally we are
putting that spin we are we at this
network of putting that spin on the
story this is a murder story this is not
an immigration story this is feeding the
false impression that this population
increases violent crime it is important
to make that point as well okay well you
can use this case to make the point that
any crime committed by an illegal
immigrant who shouldn't be here is a
mistake by federal law enforcement
already have laws on the books right we
and by the way people on the right make
the same argument about guns then we
already have gun control laws on the
books so if there's a shooting and
somebody violated the law in order to
get a gun then law enforcement should
have done its job so the right is
actually relatively consistent here now
there are
people on the right who are making hay
while the Sun shines they're turning
this into a well if we can make Mali
Tippit's a household name and if we can
claim the Democrats don't care about the
death of Mali Tibbets well then we can
make political hay I don't think that
the evidence is in for that and I don't
like that tactic very much I don't like
that tactic that said there are some
people on the Left who have demonstrated
some pretty cold-hearted stuff when it
comes to Mali Tibbets I've talked about
commentator on MSNBC who basically just
dismissed the her death as some girl but
I think that's a minority viewpoint
there are political differences on this
issue and those are political
differences we should hash out but I
want to be careful about how we handle
stories like Mali Tibbets she deserves
coverage because every murder victim
deserves coverage we can discuss illegal
immigration but we have to wait for all
the facts to come in but we should
certainly point out the hypocrisy of the
media that will jump to discussing any
issue so long as it is not an issue with
which they disagree okay in just a
second I want to talk about some actual
serious issues in America like trend
lines that look really bad that are
being obscured by sort of the daily
headlines then we'll get to the mailbag
but first you're gonna have to go over
to Daily wire comm for $9.99 a month you
can get the rest of this show live the
rest of Andrew Klavan show live there
are some Michael Moses show live be part
of our mailbag we're doing our mailbag
in like one minute here if you want to
ask me questions live all you have to do
is head over there right now and start
asking your questions after you
subscribe for $99 ear you get all that
plus they leftist here's how to call
tumblr that is a cheaper price than the
monthly subscription and you get this
this magnificent piece of ceramic I
think it's made of ceramic go check it
out right now it is it is made of metal
I know whatever it's great check it out
you'll love it so that's that's our
pitch also help support the show we
always appreciate that I mean you you
help us make the show possible and make
sure that you subscribe over at YouTube
and over at iTunes that we can get our
Sunday special this week Sunday special
is clay Travis we have a couple more
coming up that are just fantastic go
check that out right now
they're the largest fastest growing
conservative podcast in the nation
by the way final point on the media if
you don't believe in the political bias
of the media all you had to do is watch
Chris Cuomo make a fool of himself last
night interviewing Kellyanne Conway so
Kellyanne Conway was out there making
the case for the President on a variety
of issues and Chris Cuomo just will not
allow her to get a word in edgewise it's
really a horrible performance by Cuomo
who's now considering himself sort of
Jim Acosta but bigger and weirder and
here's what he had to say what are you
talking about we play them all the time
I'll play his voice saying to Michael
Cohen what are we gonna do and then how
are you gonna do it what do you what do
you mean about finance play the tape
presidents no no that's it
play the tape okay so he is just great
you know the just great interviewing
skills by Chris Cuomo I can't imagine
why people think that he is biased all
of this sort of back and forth in
American politics is obscuring some
relatively big stories that we are
missing because these are the trend
lines we should be watching Terrance
Jeffrey has a piece over at CNS news.com
today that says that fifty two point one
percent of children in America within
households getting means-tested
government assistance he says in 2016
according to the most recent data from
the Census Bureau there were
approximately 74 million people in the
United States under 18 38 million of
them 52.1% resided in households in
which one or more persons received
benefits from a means-tested government
program that includes Supplemental
Nutrition Assistance Program that's food
stamps Medicaid public housing
supplement Supplemental Security income
the special supplemental nutrition
program for women infants and children
Temporary Assistance for Needy Families
and the National School Lunch Program
this table indicates that there are
approximately 320 million people living
in the United States of these 115
million people lived in a household that
received means-tested assistance that
doesn't mean every person in the
household received the aid but it means
that one or more persons living in the
household did people under 18 were the
most likely to receive all of this aid
we are creating a system of government
dependents that's going to be very
difficult for us to recover from and it
is not sustainable long run the only way
that you're going to be able to sustain
anything resembling a free-market
economy is if we is if we lower the
burden on public services and the way to
do that is not only a thriving economy
but deregulation and also an increase
in public charity a bettering of our
education system attempts by private
industry to actually go into
underprivileged areas and and hire
people and educate people if that
doesn't happen then we are moving very
quickly toward a huge government so soft
socialism a lot of socialist systems
built on top of a fading capitalist
system think of the American system not
as a socialist system or a capitalist
system but is basically a clown on
stilts the stilts are capitalism the
clown is socialist programs and at a
certain point if the clown gets too fat
the stilts just break and that's
basically what we are on the verge of
here in the United States we're not
quite there yet
thank God capitalism is incredibly
robust thank God business is still able
to generate enough revenue to cover some
of this although we are borrowing an
extraordinary exorbitant rates but there
will come a time when those stilts break
and the socialism just starts to cripple
the economy in a major way and we're
accelerating that we're moving in the
wrong direction
there's a poll out today showing a vast
majority of Americans 70 percent support
Medicare for all they don't know what
that means they don't understand what
the cost of that is but we continue to
think that government is the solution to
all of our problems that is a bigger
broader trend than any of the stuff
that's happening with regard to
corruption or or any of the rest of it
okay so in a second let's let's you know
let's jump in the mailbag so let's do
some mailbag right here okay let's go to
John okay John says hi Ben I'm a
freshman at Purdue University with a
question on socialism yes I know it's
evil and horrible anyway in my
experience in middle and high school I
was taught in detail about the horrors
of far right wing Nazi Germany but never
in the same detail about those of other
socialist regimes like China or the USSR
considering that those powers were just
as oppressive for often the same
motivations why was I never taught this
in school is there actually a
significant difference between Nazi
socialism and Soviet Chinese socialism
when did the notion that Nazi Germany
was far right-wing become widely
distributed I know that history is often
written by the winners but if this is
true how come the USSR and China are not
vilified in the same way as Nazi Germany
and he answers to one or all these
questions is appreciated okay so here's
the answer and I've puzzled over this
too people will stole our Che Guevara
t-shirts but if they wore a Himmler
t-shirt people would rightly say that
person is a piece of crap Che Guevara
was a communist terrorists who murdered
innocent people and people wear his
t-shirt around on college campuses
communism is not seen in the same way as
Nazism specifically because of the
racial components of Nazism that is why
is the real answer okay the reason that
Mussolini is seen as a buffoon and not
as a as a tyrannical evil dictator so
much is because he was less racist than
Hitler basically that the the racism
that was embedded in the Nazi program is
what made Nazism particularly toxic to
those on the Left the reason for this is
that the media actually have a soft spot
for socialism up until the Soviet Union
collapsed there were a lot of people in
the United States on the Left who are
quite warm toward the idea of more
Marxist American government they might
have wanted a socialist to check on
full-on communism but they were kind of
warm toward the USSR remember in the
1930s the USSR was promoted by the left
in the United States as the wave of the
future HG Wells in Britain was talking
about how the USSR was going to be the
new way that we did things that
scientific socialism was the way that
the world was going to run and they
never really quite gave up on that I was
talking about this with a friend of mine
who happens to be kind of on the left
and we were discussing the fact that on
the right the right will actually excise
Nazis from its ranks there's a story
this week about the Claremont Institute
there's a guy named Charles Johnson who
was who was basically expressing white
supremacist sentiments on whether
listservs and Claremont just shut it
down they shut down the entire listserv
because they said we're not interacting
with this guy and the left said look at
these white supremacist who have
infiltrated Claremont well Claremont
shut down the listserv when's the last
time somebody on the left was actually
excised for their ideas not for
promoting violence for their ideas their
open communists who write for major
publications on the left there are no
open Nazis writing for major
publications on the right they're not
okay that's because the right does a
better job of policing its own ideology
the right does a better job of policing
the the folks who are sort of on the
fringes now I still think we should do a
better job but the left has never
policed any of this stuff now the reason
that Nazi Germany is considered quote
unquote far-right is because the Nazis
arose in a context in Europe in which
the left was the Reds like the actual
communists backed by the Soviet Union
and in Germany the coalition government
that was put together and that led to
Hitler's rise was a coalition of
anti-communist and Hitler was
anti-communist the Nazis were
anti-communist but they also believed in
this big government redistributionist
program they believed in also what was
called basically economic fascism this
idea that the government could regulate
business incredibly heavily that could
benefit certain businesses at the
expense of other
businesses that run business from the
top without actually nationalizing all
the resources of those businesses that's
the difference between economic fascism
or state-sponsored capitalism as you now
see in China China's economic system now
looks a lot more like Nazi Germany's
economic system than like the Soviet
Union's economic system and that's
because they're using capitalism but
it's state-sponsored capitalism
nationalization of resources regulations
on certain businesses benefiting friends
of government and all the rest so Nazi
Germany was considered right-wing by
European standards but it is deeply
dishonest when folks on the Left in the
United States say that Nazi Germany was
a right-wing group by American standards
that's just nonsense the right in the
United States is not for nationalization
of industry or top-down control of
industry the right in the United States
is not for racial classification the
right in the United States is about
limited government and god-given rights
none of which or any part of the Nazi
platform should communism be treated
with the same toxicity as Nazism you bet
it should the only real difference in
terms of the in terms of the
classification of evil is that you
contain Nazi Germany who's more evil
because there is this heavy racial
component which is an additional evil
and particularly relevant to evil in the
United States where racial issues have
divided America for a very long time
Patrick says hey Ben I love listening to
music in my free time but I've come to
realize lately I could be listening to
an audio book or podcast instead how do
you balance learning and leisure well
you know what I realized I tend to lean
toward learning but at the same time
I'll go for a week without listening to
music and I'll realize how to depress
and then I realized the reason I'm
depressed is because I haven't actually
taken enough time for music so I think
that you have to let your brain rest
sometimes and that's what music is for
Veronica says hey Ben how did you
actually meet Knowles and Clavin have
you ever actually met Matt Walsh in
person I have Mountain melt Walsh in
person I think once you came out to our
offices a few months ago
I'm trying number when I first met
Andrew Clinton I believe I first met
Andrew clay when he was working at PJTV
doing these short videos and Clavin is a
really literate guy we got to talking
and we became quite friendly from there
I meant Knowles at a dinner party at
clavin's house and Knowles was
particularly pretentious talking a lot
about Yale that night and so I decided
hey why not give that guy I show it to
my everlasting regret so that's
basically how I met those guys and
Daniel says hey Ben
huge fan I want to ask is there benefit
to using executive privilege on Michael
Kohn just like Obama used it on Eric
Hall
I believe hoping to see you run for
president one day well executive
privilege only applies to folks who are
operating under the auspices of the
president's it doesn't actually apply to
anyone the president deals with so the
office of the presidency does not cover
everything that the president does in
his life so if I am committing some sort
of drug crime with somebody as the
president of the United States and that
person is operating not as a member of
the government executive privilege
doesn't extend to those crimes that are
happening outside of government it
really extends my understanding is to
the constitutional purview of the
presidency Michael Cohen was not an
employee of the government he was
working for Donald J Trump in his
private capacity not in Donald J Trump
as presidents of the United States DJ
says hi Ben how do you rectify your
beliefs in the biblical accounts of
creation with the scientific theories of
evolution of the Big Bang if they can
coexist how do we know which parts of
the Bible to interpret is poetic I also
wanted to say I became a dad a few
months ago in love when you talk about
fatherhood Thanks well I appreciate it
um there are a couple of good books that
I that I really like about evolution and
the Big Bang and God gerald Schroeder's
when my favorite authors on this I do
believe that the theory of evolution
fits actually quite well with sort of
the story of creation that's laid out in
Genesis in terms of the ordering and the
timing and as far as the Big Bang the
Big Bang lays out much closer to the
beginning of Genesis than it did to
Aristotelian physics that suggests that
the universe has always existed in its
current state the Big Bang suggests that
out of nothing God created everything
and that looks a lot like the Big Bang
which is why there are so many people
now trying to create theories of
multiple universes because they don't
like the consequences of the fact that
science looks a lot like what the Bible
lays out as far as knowing which parts
of the Bible to interpret as poetic I
think that the stuff that deals with
human action particularly is not poetic
the stuff that deals with nature I think
you can fairly say is poetic I think
that the the beginning of Genesis is
pretty clearly meant in in a far more
metaphorical sense I don't believe there
was an actual garden where a snake
talked to a man like I don't think
that's actually what happened in a
literal sense I my there there's a lot
of debate in Jewish circles actually
about where the Bible begins to get
historically accurate like where it's
actually now talking about historically
accurate people and the general
consensus from what I understand I know
Jonathan Sacks has said this is
basically and once you get to a bruh
now you're talking about an actual
historical story and before that at a
certain level of metaphor that's that's
kind of in trouble then throughout the
story I tend to believe that myself
Jessica says good morning legal question
is always my understanding the ignorance
of the law is not an excuse and
committing a crime certainly not for a
common citizen why is it that in the
political sphere there's a focus on the
need for intent or awareness as in the
recent examples with Hillary or Trump
thanks for all you do and your team do
in the era of fake news she asked me to
read thick news in a trump voice okay so
here so the answer is that there are
certain crimes that require intent the
level of requisite intent is always a
matter of debate so it's not that you
have to have had subjective intent to do
things it's that a reasonably a
reasonable person could determine that
you had intent to commit the crime
so we use intent in all sorts of crimes
particularly the criminal sphere so when
it comes to torts you generally don't
have to have as much intent like if I'm
just walking around swinging my arm in
front of me and I hit you then that is
not something that you have to show
intent if I'm negligent you don't have
to show intense that's more of a strict
liability standard if however I commit
let's say that I kill somebody we now
have to determine what level of intent I
was using did I kill somebody by
accident like I was just walking around
and and suddenly I tripped forward and
in order to stop my fall I pushed
somebody into oncoming traffic that
looks like manslaughter it may not even
be a crime at all whereas if I just
walked up behind the guy and shoved him
in front of a subway that is
first-degree murder so intent is an
element of a lot of crimes particularly
in criminal law and you have to
determine whether there was intent to
violate the law now ignorance of the law
is not necessarily sufficient to get rid
of the intent question you can also have
reckless ignorant of the law and that's
that's more where Trump would lie it's
not that Trump didn't know about
campaign finance so let's say let's say
this let's say that Trump went to
Michael Khan he said listen I want you
to take care of this and the implication
was Michael Khan is a lawyer he's gonna
abide by the law it's his job to make
sure that I'm abiding by the law
well then Trump has not demonstrated the
requisite intent let's say that Trump
went to Michael Cohen and he said to
Michael Khan listen I don't care how you
do this it doesn't matter to me how you
do this right legally illegally whatever
you do don't tell me about it just go
ahead and do it that is now intent to
violate the law so it's not that you
have to know everything about the law
it's that did Donald Trump have a right
to trust in his lawyer to abide by the
law that's a
a fairly solid defense as far as intents
in the Hillary case it's a pet peeve of
mine that there are so many folks who
pretend that intent was a requisite part
of the crime it was not a requisite part
of the crime she obviously intended to
set up a server she obviously didn't
intended to put information on there
they added this element of intent that
she had to intend to expose information
to foreign powers that is not part of
the law that is not part of law and
that's why I think Hillary should have
been prosecuted Mike says hey Ben I'm a
devoted member of the Church of Jesus
Christ of latter-day saints is it Mormon
I deeply respect your example of
religious strength and courage I was
wondering what experiences you've had in
your life that have made you so strong
religiously I love the show keep up the
good work so you know I've always had
sort of a deep and abiding faith in God
I can't really explain you know specific
instances I I don't really think there
are a lot of instances that you know I'd
want to talk about they're kind of
private to me that I didn't want to talk
about where I where I was suddenly like
oh well God exists I don't think it's
really how it was I've always just had a
I think we all walk around with a
baseline level of beliefs in certain
things the consistency of the laws of
the universe for example you know the
gravity exists you know that there are
certain consequences certain actions my
belief in God lies in the idea that
there is a rule book from God that tells
you that if you act in a certain way you
are much more likely to succeed than if
you act in a different way and just as I
would have the faith in an author who
told me that if I eat certain things I
was more likely to be healthy I have a
lot of faith in an author who says that
if human beings act in a particular way
they are more likely to succeed in life
if they act in a non particular way
they're more likely to fail and if they
act in one way they're more likely to be
moral human beings better human beings I
sort of take religion the proof of the
truth of religion or the decency of
religion the importance of religion lies
to me a lot less in the text of the
religion or even the the story of the
religion than in the effects of the
religion which is why for example you
don't see me doing a lot of analysis of
the Quran on the show I don't talk about
when I talk about radical Islam I don't
start citing Quranic verses because I
think that we can fairly adjudicate the
relevance and decency of religion by the
action of its practitioners over time
and that that's that's a better way of
gauging the veracity of religion and I
think the way that you gauge veracity
and faith in God is not just faith in
faith in God is different from the
belief that God exists belief that God
exists you can ration out intellect you
can rationalize intellectually and I
think there's some good arguments for it
faith in God is a belief that God is is
has a plan for the universe whether you
understand it or not and you have faith
in God just like you have faith in your
spouse or you have faith in your father
or you have faith in your business
partner and that is that there is a
cause and effect in the universe and
that God does what he promises he is
going to do that's what faith in God
really means and to me I've always
always felt that I've always believed
that now and you know it's not up to God
to let me down it's whether I let God
down final question here let's see
Rachel says hi Ben first off only love
your show one thing that gets me through
the day so I think your impressions are
hilarious I was wondering what your
favorite impression to do is my personal
favorite is Bernie Sanders so yeah
Bernie is is a lot of fun I really like
doing Bernie Sanders Sonya also is a big
fan of the Bernie Sanders whenever we
talk about the pudding and the sugary
prints and the redistribution of it's
always fun to refund Bernie Sanders
because he says crazy things but he also
looks kind of crazy doing it and his
hands move in various different
directions so Bernie Sanders is I do
enjoy Bernie Sanders I enjoy doing Chris
Matthews Chris Matthews is a lot of fun
to do so all right hurry up Maddie's got
the morning tell me a joke
Rumpel little crazy and I just gotta say
thing and Michael Isikoff what do you
say they say should trump be burnt the
steaks of which I don't know palette
which is what I saw what's your movie
Blair Witch Project good movie it's a
anything you can do sort of stream of
consciousness is a lot of fun but yeah
IIIi love all of my I won't say I love
all of my impressions equally because I
think some of them are just bad or I
think I think that my Trump is mediocre
at best I think my Obama is quite good
it's very underrated in my Obama my
Obama is pretty strong and my Obama is
that thank you Alex Alex just piped in
from the back saying that hit that my
Obama is strong thank you Alex and Alex
his beard I appreciate it with with
Obama the key to doing an Obama
impersonation is that you first start
off speaking a little bit clipped a
little bit slowly and then as you
approach the end of the sentence you
sort of gradually speed up and divorce
goes up just kind of gradually slowly
speed it up alright that's that's how
you do a good Obama impersonation
there's also with
the fun with Trump is always trying to
get down the the actual pattern of
President Trump that's that's the part
with Trump so doing his voice is
actually kind of difficult because he
actually has some variation in his voice
and he pronounces his P's sort of his
B's so he's it
Pepa right not not people Pepa like like
Bieber and and also with President Trump
you can also you can riff so earlier
this week the outtakes from the show by
the way are phenomenal I mean we really
at some point should start making
outtakes available to subscribers
because they're so good so earlier this
week the president was talking about
flipping and for legitimately 15 minutes
after the show I just did a president
Trump impersonation him talking about
other things that I do not like about
flipping I do not like one time I was on
a trampoline and I was jumping jumping
better-better jumping than anyone else
the highest jumps the best most
spectacular jumps you have ever seen and
I tried to do a flip but I failed and I
landed on my hair ever since I have been
very much against flipping oh so I once
flipped a house did not make a profit
but created an open-concept kitchen with
formica countertops in Atlantic City it
was great
also I like flips the pretzels with
chocolate on top of them they are quite
delicious
flipping is some flips are good
something too bad Michael Cohen is bad
because he flipped I don't like flippers
I don't know I do like flipper the
dolphin
that was a good dolphin very smart
dolphin very very with it that dolphin
maybe the best often so some people say
some people say maybe the best often so
it's the front president Trump lies in
the pattern
I think it's whenever I get to do my
impersonations it makes me happy and I
think it makes other people happy too
Jerry Brown is also a personal favorite
very underused Jerry Brown because he's
really not in the news all that much but
Jerry Brown the governor of California
is one thousand years old and every so
often he just every every one of my
Jerry Brown impersonations and ends the
same way I'd say I'm here talking about
the wildfires in California and those
fires very hot I haven't had enough they
always end with him sorry and then he
sort of just falls over
ever every sort of Jerry Brown
impersonation ends with him falling over
so are my impersonations all that great
no but are they fun yeah I kind of
enjoyed them so thank you for some
things I liked and then we'll do some
things that I hate so the things that I
like there's a great book by mona Charen
it's called sex matters now the only
problem with this book is the same
problem I had with my second book porn
generation which is that when you put it
on your shelf people think you're weird
because they say can the name of the
book is sex matters right I remember
when we came up with the title for porn
generation I thought to myself does
someone want to put that on their coffee
table the answer it turns out was no but
sex matters is actually a really good
book how modern feminism lost touch with
science love and common sense Moniz has
some really controversial stuff here and
she can get away with it because she is
in fact a woman with a career but she's
also a person who was you know very high
powered in the in the 90s and early
2000s and she took some breaks from sort
of her life in public specifically in
order to take care of her kids she
talked about how feminism has corrupted
views of sex views of relationships has
made people unhappy and how to undercut
some basic scientific truths the book is
really good and really useful at Moana
is a really clear and compelling writer
you should go check it out sex matters
by mona Charen definitely well worth the
time okay time for some things that I
hate so the social media policing is
just astonishingly ridiculous at this
point so there's apparently a guy named
israel broussard he's in a Netflix
series called to all the boys I've loved
before I guess he's one of the stars of
that I'm not finding winning the room
has seen it but in any case he was he
had to officially apologize for his
quote inappropriate and insensitive
words and likes on social media so we're
not just policing people from what they
say on social media we are policing
people for retweeting or liking certain
tweets what were his great sins well he
did tweet out some stupid stuff about
Japanese folks right after there was an
earthquake in Japan he tweeted something
out about Japanese people eating dogs or
something silly like that but here is
the part from The Daily Beast that was
truly bad here's the part from The Daily
Beast that was truly truly awful okay
while those tweets are bad enough
Broussard's likes were apparently even
Messier shared screenshots show that his
recent likes included Trump and Marco
Rubio tweets oh no not Marco Rubio that
radical
in nazi not Marco Rubio whoo-hoo huh
running for the hills israel broussard
my god that man is a covert he's a
covert white supremacist he liked the
tweets of Hispanic senator from Florida
no how could we possibly
also multiple gems from me oh no he
liked some of my tweets this means he's
a very bad person and just like Mark
Duplass who had to be shamed into
apologizing for ever having met me now
israel broussard has been forced to
apologize for having liked tweets by
Trump Marco Rubio the President of the
United States a senator from Florida and
me what was it what would my bad bad
tweets here's one of my bad bad tweets
this is the the one that is the worst
one that daily B's could find that he
liked okay ready the travel ban is not
Japanese internment immigration
enforcement is not Nazi Germany read an
effing book that's really bad you
shouldn'ta like that because it turns
out that the travel ban is Japanese
internment immigration enforcement is a
Nazi Germany how dare are israel
broussard by the way that's wheat just
just so we can note this okay that's
what was seconded by a bunch of folks on
the Left who still have the honesty to
recognize that Nazi Germany is not
actually us arresting people illegally
crossing our border by the way it worked
noting not a lot of folks attempting to
illegally cross into Nazi Germany that
was not actually the big problem
a lot of folks tell me to leave not a
lot of folks attempt eat like you know
what honey we need to move to Nazi
Germany little sounds awesome that was
actually not their big problem as it
turns out and then I love this this a
Twitter user captioned their post look
at this this is some of these are some
of israel broussard most recent likes
seriously israel broussard likes are the
biggest pro-gun pro-trump pro effing
shapiro bro ben effing shapiro anti
muslims blacks and women mess
and so he's compelled to apologize this
is the world we live in now if you like
a tweet from me you'll be forced to
apologize Hollywood beware the scourge
of Hollywood lurks on your doorstep Here
I am so ridiculous okay meanwhile CNN
demonstrating once again it's non bias
its total objective journalism they are
now running a documentary it's like a
ten part documentary on Ruth Bader
Ginsberg the most important justice was
ever lived
what important decisions has she been
involved in the answer is not many she
really hasn't written many important
decisions at all virtually all important
decisions of the Supreme Court written
over
twenty years particularly on social
issues have been written by other
justices but she's very important
because she is a woman and a feminist
and oh my god so CNN is running I kid
you not a a documentary from CNN films
called rbg beyond notorious hey did they
ever run anything like it's about
Antonin Scalia or Clarence Thomas now of
course not
they only do it about Ruth Bader get but
they are objective they are totally
objective most liberal justice leftist
justice on the bench where the notorious
RBG I hate this kind of stuff so much
they kind of worship of judicial figures
like Antonin Scalia Great Justice
Clarence Thomas even better justice are
we supposed to like do we call him like
the notorious Clarence Thomas the
notorious Antonin Scalia the notorious
RBG but they say it with it's supposed
to be ironic because of course she's a
nerdy white lady a nerdy white Jewish
lady but here's a little bit of their
documentary don't worry this is all
objective journalism
she had the theory that right from early
on she had the theory that that
injustice is or do these special
privileges that women had hurt everybody
and it just put the women on a pedestal
but it hurt men also I mean what at what
a hero Ruth Bader Ginsburg is what at
what a heroine standing up for abortion
I'm just what what a heroine well it's
yeah don't worry CNN's objective you can
definitely definitely trust them so well
done CN n once more okay final thing
that I hate for this week so we have to
prefer Jake's beer in every way possible
and make it suck also so apparently out
magazine is now promoting a version of
Romeo and Juliet that takes place 50
years after society has exterminated
cisgender men so cisgender men will no
longer exist cisgender men are men who
identify as their actual sex in other
words like men right cisgender men are
just men so I'm confused as to how the
society exists 50 years after cisgender
men have been exterminated
I assume the baby-making rates have gone
down rather dramatically since cisgender
men it turns out are sort of necessary
and let's just put it this way if
cisgender men were completely eliminated
in Western civilization I think pretty
soon Western civilization would no
longer exist for both internal and
external reasons there be
people at the gates a lot of barbarians
at the gates who would be attempting to
destroy what was left of Western
civilization and also turns out you need
some cisgender men on that wall and you
need some cisgender men to make babies
and be fathers and take care of families
again none of this is to say that
transgender people can't perform
relevant and great functions in American
society but to pretend that cisgender
men are the enemy is ridiculous anyway
they're going to do this routine where
Romeo and Juliet it includes six female
and gender non-conforming actors as well
as a fully female and gender
non-conforming crew so I'm confused as
to why fully female is okay but not
fully male so males are very bad here is
what they're their pitch says as the
government still relies on martial law
to keep the factions in check to young
heirs unexpectedly fall in love one is
from the Montag's the militaristic war
monger is responsible for the purge of
societies men the other is the Capulets
controllers of information in the media
fighting to regain independence from a
sovereign state the genderqueer version
of the play the magazine says explores
mainstream feminism patriarchal
structures in a society struggling to
rebuild in their wake
sounds awesome sounds awesome forget
about the fact that Romeo and Juliet is
probably one of the most explicitly
gendered plays in Shakespeare it is
specifically built on the idea that
young teenage men are reckless and young
teenage girls are romantics it's a very
very gender specific play and this is
the good thing about good writing what
good writing is is writing of the
character you want to write a a
quote-unquote genderqueer character go
for it that's your problem but to hijack
the words of Shakespeare that are
specifically written for a man or for a
woman and then to pretend that those are
equally applicable to people who do not
identify as a man or identify as a woman
is really it's really amazing the same
people will say Scarlett Johansson
cannot play a transgender person
well now say that Shakespeare's words
that were written for a specific
character should be read by somebody who
does not resemble those characters in
any ways and is not trying to act as the
character but his acting as a completely
different character saying those words
it just doesn't make any sense on an
artistic level but I guess it's forward
thinking so who cares forward thinking
just means having nothing to do it the
original intent of the author so glad
we're doing that all right well we will
be back here on Monday try to survive
over the weekend it's been a long week
we'll be back here on Monday and we will
break it all down for you I'm Ben
Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
the Ben Shapiro show is produced by
Sonia Villarreal executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover and our technical producer is
Austin Stevens edited by Alex and Garo
Audio is mixed by Mike Carmina hair and
makeup is by Jess wah of era the Ben
Shapiro show is a daily wire Ford
publishing production copyright Ford
publishing 2018
