hi everyone we're live with our newest
episode of the conversation I am your
host Alicia Kraus and our very own
Michael Knowles will be taking live
questions for an entire hour that's
right this isn't Friday live instead of
the conversation everyone is free to
watch so you can watch the conversation
it's streaming for everyone but you can
only be a part of it if you're a
subscriber to the daily wire how do you
do this it's easy go click on the link
in our video description to ask
questions or sign up and be sure to tune
in for next month's episode on Thursday
September 20th at 5:30 p.m. Eastern 2:30
p.m. Pacific featuring Ben Shapiro you
know that episode is gonna be marking
the year since we started these things
really in that crate wow that's wild
it's been you've got a turn in a year
next month
oh my gosh it'll be like an older wiser
rhino wiser older though certainly
definitely not wiser yeah that's alright
has marriage made you a wife marriage
has definitely made me wiser it's it's
made me more dependent that's for sure
like you know in the old days I was in
the gutter you know eating whatever sort
of slop the kind strangers would pass to
me now I get taken care of I there's a
woman who loves me this is a much better
world
it's a nice thing that's a nice thing
yeah have you noticed how many issues
you have I my issues have issues I've
got yeah well because it's funny because
my husband died we do when we talk to
newlyweds sometimes they are like yeah I
thought I was totally fine I thought it
was really cool and independent and like
no issues at all and then I got married
and I realized I had tons of issues yeah
I
well it's interesting too because I'm
married to Saint little ELISA
she went from sweet little ELISA and we
were single to st. little ELISA so in in
the light of that my issues become more
pronounced you know we should probably
once and for all make it very clear that
we are not married
cuz some people have been we're oh
that's right I got I was getting tweets
on this and you know Michael I I can see
a lot of chemistry between you and sweet
little Alicia no no I mean I feel the
chemistry cut it with a butter knife
no first question alright Joel says
blessed assumption Knowles what Lenten
periods do you share with the Oriental
Orthodox Church other than Advent and
Great Lent and the sweet little Lisa
we're heads
oh that's a great that's a very good
question I'm sorry to tell you I know
very little about the oriental Orthodox
Church what I can tell you though is
Ellen and for the headscarf this might
be confusing for some of them Protestant
viewers there is such a thing as a man
Tia
this is what Catholic women we're in
more traditional liturgies the
Tridentine mass and I will say one issue
the first time I took sweet little ELISA
to a Latin Mass you know they have like
a grab bag of mantillas if you want to
have them and put them on but you know I
would wear it myself if you're a lady or
take care of yourself you don't want to
grab and put something on your head or
anything so
so that sweet little Issa didn't go for
that I think there was a stumbling block
on the way to correct a liturgy yet one
has to have their own man Tia but I wish
I knew the answer to the oil oriental
church I will say on this though there
are other rights around Los Angeles and
all around the world of Catholic
liturgies and Catholic masses so people
get this confused they refer always to
the Roman Catholic Church as though the
church is just Roman but the Catholic
Church has lots of rights and as a
Byzantine Rite it has all sorts of
rights even in LA there are multiple
rights so the Roman Rite is only one of
them and one thing I will say too not to
be too confusing on this but with and
the Eastern Orthodox Church is which is
separate them from the Catholic Church
even though there is an Eastern Rite
within the Catholic Church are you with
me thank god I just love Jesus and I'm
not a nomination continues well but the
one aspect on this and this has even
infected the wrote the Roman yep right
and the Catholic Church is while the
Eastern liturgy is all sung it's very
beautiful the whole liturgy is supposed
to be sung even in the Catholic Church
even in the Roman Rite we get a lot of
those acoustic guitars and the priests
facing you and kind of just talking and
it's very it's not as it's not as good
we have we have something to learn from
the east and I hope that we continue to
bring that back into the Catholic
tradition okay interesting Evan says
Michael why haven't you appeared on lwc
Reuben Report or Joe Rogan and Andrew
are regulars on the show as well as
other places do all my favorite podcast
hosts have something against that's a
great question what listen Joe and
Crowder if your
watching this yeah that's it that is a
really good question I think they should
have me on I don't know it might be some
sort of PayPass anti papist anti
potpourri bias they do say or they show
you to write a real book they I'm not
doing that I already sold all the books
I don't need to do I've got the biggest
book in the world the you know orther
Schlesinger the historians sin that
anti-catholicism is the deepest most
enduring bias in American history now
I'm not saying anything about Rogan or
about crowder I like both of their shows
a Reuben Reuben that's why Reuben was in
there but they got a they might have to
prove it all right
Nancy Catholic until proven otherwise
fellas Stephen says even though the
Western society is judeo-christian based
are there any lessons we can take from
Taoism or Buddhism like yeah I guess
whatever sure you know one example is
Michael Oakes shot who's a great
conservative political philosopher he'll
he'll quote from the from Taoism every
so often
plenty of good writers quote from Taoism
or at little anecdotes from Buddhism but
there is this a real issue among secular
Westerners where they've never really
been exposed to their own religious
tradition if they have they
misunderstand that they haven't been
exposed to the real thing so they look
outward to foreign cultures because they
think that there's something nice about
this there's a kind of pervasive
anti-western sentiment so people look at
this how old Buddhism that's really cool
oh yeah maybe I do this the the probably
not politically correct word in New York
is jubu is people who were born Jewish
they're secular Jews and they become
Buddhists is that pretty common jubu a
very common it's all you know people you
see you see women I saw a friend of mine
on Instagram she posted a picture of her
yoga studio
she said yoga is my church and this is I
think when it comes from is people look
out at that Eastern mysticism while they
laugh at not only not only Western
mysticism but at the foundation of our
society judeo-christian morality and the
Christian religion so I think like sure
people can quote Taoism that's great but
there's much much to be learned from
your religious tradition and unlike sort
of I don't want to be sectarian orgy
graphically discriminatory here the
reason one is a Christian is because one
thinks Christianity is true it's correct
it's universal the Catholic Church means
the universal Church Christianity is a
religion where there is neither Jew nor
Greek nor male nor female or slave nor
free but all are older one in Christ
that's different that's a that's a
quality universalism and unlike other
religions which are based in philosophy
or in poetry Christianity is the only
religion that I can see that's based in
a fact it's based in the incarnation of
Christ it's based on his life his
ministry and his death his conquest of
death on the cross and his resurrection
that's pretty different so I'd recommend
looking into that before you look into
the daodejing or something okay Richard
says Mike why are you the butt of every
joke at the Daily wire had seen
obviously not Mathieu he said it's a
jealousy because of your best-selling
book they hate us they hate us because
they ain't us that's what it's really
happy hate us because they ain't us I
think it is I love you that you're like
a New York boy thing ain't I know I mean
I know that's what's I'm Michael from
the blog I'm as much of an urban New
Yorker as Alexandria Oh Cassio Cortez
you know we we grew up in adjacent towns
so no I think it is this and I got to
tell you I've got to look at it from
their perspective I look at it from
charity you know which is these guys you
know they've written a lot of books how
many books has been written
drew is written I think yeah he's been
writing his column forever and I sold
way more books than then like all of
those books combined so I understand you
know it's a and frankly the more they go
on they make fun of me you know they use
all of these words you know I wrote a
blank book and I would say brevity is
the soul of wit so Rachel wants to know
how you pronounce this word oh here we
go I don't want to here we go don't want
to really right so the question is how
do you pronounce graphic I think what
rachel is alluding to is the word jiff
graphics interchange format jiff now so
there's a big debate
is a gif or is it gyp I'm Jefferson
thank you because the creator said it do
you want to change the name of Sunday
Rachel that yeah do you want it that's
exactly that's exactly right that's our
Bible in our seminary I want to change
it what did the Creator call it that's
right you go it and it you know by the
way I get it there are some worth first
of all this whole thing how do you
pronounce graphic you don't pronounce it
giraffe ik that's ridiculous when you
you know when you use acronyms as a word
yeah pronounce the letters as they fit
in that word as they fit in the original
words but sure there's a girl
gift-giving okay those are hard jeez
there is gibberish gypsy you know plain
words have a soft G so when the guy says
it's pronounced jiff we have to create
it we have to go there this is a debate
essentially over prescriptivism and
descriptivism and language some people
say there are rules to language you can
speak properly or improperly some people
say nah man
hey it's just whatever you know it's
just words man and like so okay
obviously language evolves over time but
the descriptivists types these hippie
dippie lefties they want to accelerate
that because they use language to
pervert the culture so it is incumbent I
know this seems like a minor point it is
incumbent on all freedom god-fearing
America loving conservatives to
pronounce it jiff what a letter please
do that was much more eloquent argument
than mine I'm just like the dude that
made it that made the best thing on the
internet my humble opinion yeah you
don't want to change the name aside the
ability to make amazing Jess right like
just do what he says do what he says you
know it's there
what your love has accepted it Rob used
to be in the gift camp oh yeah no you've
got to come over I mean I get it some
people they like really hate their dads
or something they're like yeah dad I'll
show you I'm gonna yeah okay it's all
right I know you might have a problem
with authority you might not like rules
and discipline decadent cultures demand
a little bit of discipline okay Joel
wants to know what are your thoughts on
female altar assistants it's not allowed
in the oriental Orthodox Church but from
the Catholic churches I've visited it's
quite frequent yes of all of the
questions one could get on altar
assistants I'm glad that that was the
one that we got these days I don't love
it I don't really like it although if
frankly I sort of like grown men to be
altar servers I know there's you know
you kind of have this image of the
little altar boys and that's that's fine
but I like actually the dignity and the
solemnity of having that grown-ups do it
too
I don't love it i I know this is
unpolitical II correct and I doesn't
make me a feminist or something but I
think there were roles for men and women
in the church and certainly there you
couldn't call the Catholic Church
misogynistic or sexist institution some
of the greatest people in the history of
the church have been women st. Catherine
of Siena or Joan of Arc or whoever but
there are different roles and I think
there's this modernist tendency to say
well why can't women do this why can't
women do this why can't you there are
different roles that's why because there
are different roles in the church and
that seems perfectly fine if you go to
church and your experience at church is
all about me me me me what can I do what
can I want to do this I want to do that
you're probably missing the point you're
probably missing the point and as on
many things I I admire what you what you
all do out there in the Eastern Church
all right Luke says hey Michael what's
your favorite thing about working at the
Daily wire well obviously it's good look
at that smiling face huh when you see
that kind of smiling face working at the
Daily wire is a real blast I got it I
have to drop my cynicism for a second
here it's a real blast because we were
all kind of pals beforehand we were all
knew each other socially before this
thing even started this has only been
around as far as I can tell from the
backstage crew the backstage like you
Jeremy drew and back then yeah we knew
each other socially the result there's a
lot of people here that make it happen
that's why you make a great point this
thing has exploded this was like five
people when it started it is way bigger
now all the writers people around the
country so that that is true and
everyone here I I hate to be this
earnest and end nice but everyone here
is just terrific that everyone here
really is wonderful this just does not
happen in work environments but they're
all great people and the thing I really
my favorite thing about working at the
Daily wire is it's a tale as oldest time
guy comes I moved out to LA I was doing
little plays in New York independent
films and stuff and you know this is the
classic actress story you move out to
Hollywood to become an actor
you wind up in conservative Republican
politics to the right of Attila the Hun
a tale is all this time and I really
love that irony in that coincidence or
Providence it's very fun Jonathan says
do you think there's anything we can do
to both protect our national sovereignty
and help people fleeing bad situations
in their home countries either through
US policy or as individuals of course of
course there is and we do it and on a
huge scale we accept people into this
country and an absurdly high rate and I
think that's a wonderful thing there is
a question raised which is why we don't
accept all of those persecuted
Christians in the Middle East a lot of
persecuted Christians in the Middle East
we never talk about it
they just dedicated a shrine to it at
the Church of st. Michael in New York to
the persecution of Christians we see the
stories and yet all of the refugees
during that big crisis of refugees 2015
through the present day I suppose it was
all about Muslim refugees we don't talk
about Christian refugees even though it
was Christians fleeing Muslim
persecution that's a that's a question
and I think it highlights an issue
broadly which is the United States is
the greatest place on earth it's the
greatest place to live I include all of
the Western nations in that I love going
to Italy I go to Italy for more than
five days I get the hives you know I and
I really like Italy I love the language
and the culture in the literature and I
just think like why can't you people
make things work why don't you
understand capitalism I went to a
sandwich store the most famous one in
Siena I waited for an hour and a half
outside they wouldn't give me my
sandwich they were closed the guy shows
up I say don't can I get my sandwich now
he says there's no bread a sandwich
store is panetta dia pani con bread is
the first thing in the word he's I said
can I give you my money so I don't know
so I went off on a tangent there right
now I'm always hungry what I mean to say
is the United States is the greatest
country in the world everybody would
live here if they could and we can't
take the whole world if we take the
whole world that doesn't make their
lives better it just makes America
disappear it makes it blend in to
nothing right did to deconstruct into
nothingness so we have to be precise
about who we take in but we haven't been
very precise in recent years have we I
wonder why the overlooking Middle
Eastern Christians almost entirely
raises some other questions about what
maybe we should change our immigration
regime and in our refugee regime because
these individual cases you would take
every single person
but broadly let's not forget if you can
only take a finite amount of people that
then mercy to one group could be cruelty
to another group and you've got to be
really precise this is not a not a
clear-cut regime all right Rachel says
how do we debate with leftists if they
keep changing definitions of basic words
such a good point they keep changing the
words this is their primary motivation
for how they fight cultural and
political battles so the great example I
mean the one we all see is illegal alien
they took that's a technical term
undocumented immigrant undocumented
immigrant dreamer yeah some of them are
dreamers aren't they dream I dream to
but I don't not counted as a dream they
do it on that but even a really specific
and incredible one is marriage marriage
for all of human history has had a
definition it's varied within those
definitions but it's always meant the
union of husbands and wives leave one
husband and multiple wives perhaps one
husband and one wife but husbands and
wives the left changed that definition
without asking anybody they said
marriage is the union of two people who
love each other just two not three for
some reason just two and they said so
therefore if that's what marriage is if
it's just the union of two people who
love each other
then why don't same sex attracted people
have the same rights as straight people
why don't we have gay marriage they say
well the question isn't rights everyone
should have the same rights the question
is what is marriage but they skip that
by changing the definitions of words the
way that you fight this you see with the
pronouns the pronouns now they're saying
you have to call him her and her him and
me of what I don't know what people call
me the way you fight it is not giving
them an inch do not give them one inch
and it's a little awkward it's a little
awkward when someone refers to Caitlyn
Jenner whom I like very much I do I've
never met Caitlyn Jenner I like a lot of
the things that he says apparently he's
a Republican I like that but one must
refer to Caitlyn as him because he is a
him it might feel a little awkward
people might judge you but you have to
do it when someone says talk to start
sorry man undocumented dreamer and
dreamer and future American whatever you
have to say illegal alien you have to
stick to that language or else we are
going to get law
in fantasy and that in this but can you
still to Rachael's original question
though can you still use language that
they refuse to acknowledge yes in
beating them in an argument of course
absolutely you should use the correct
language because it's not like these two
phrases are equally valid illegal alien
and future undocumented dreaming da da
de blah blah blah illegal alien
describes the the character of that
person it describes the nature of the
person in this instance that we're
talking about he's in this country
illegally he's not a citizen he's a
foreign national he's an illegal alien
undocumented doesn't mean anything I was
undocumented when I worked at a sandwich
shop at 14 I'm I don't know I'm
undocumented now I don't have my car
insurance probably printed out in spray
on my phone I'm undocumented a dreamer
we're all we all dream we dream when we
go to sleep their language is weaker and
it's built into fantasy and if we
indulge that fantasy then reality is
going to punch you in the face because
you can't live in fantasy forever but if
you just butt it up with that real good
serious language that's strong sturdy
language you will win because it's more
compelling it's more evocative and it's
more correct alright Joel says how
should a visitor to a Catholic Church
such as myself properly attend but not
take communion
I appreciate this question yes because I
was recently at a meeting and I was
seated with a whole bunch of priests and
I texted our fellow your go-to Catholic
friend and editor at daily wear Emily's
naughty
yes and I was like yo can I talk to a
priest like I just talked to my pastor I
didn't know depends on the priest I
didn't know how to address it you know I
mean like can you just you know when you
meet a pastor in a non-denominational
Church you're just like I really show
what's your name they're all names like
Josh they're all like Keith or something
yeah
hey man I'm pastor Keith what's up we
don't Dave's and James and Julie and our
church I'm just so I appreciate this
question I Catholic grandmother who's
watching is probably ashamed that I
don't remember this yes what sin can you
sow
yes you should go to church and you
should not receive Communion and this is
not really an exclusionary sort of thing
so the visitors don't get communion oh
you shouldn't receive Communion if
you're a Catholic and you're not in a
state of grace you
had a recent confession how long how
recent should your confession have been
I don't know it's good to go more
frequently I haven't been in a little
while I feel I don't feel great about
their communion then yeah if if you
haven't been to confession in a extended
period of time and you have and you've
committed mortal sins you even a
Catholic should not receive communion
that day and part of that is that
absence of taking Christ this is my true
flesh this is my true flood taking that
into you and having Christ live within
you it creates a longing and a desire to
to do good and to confess your sins and
to sin no more
so you won't be awkward in any way when
I go to church a lot of people don't
take communion because it's not weird
it's not like he's gonna know a guy
sitting in there and everyone else gets
up and goes and you really might you
might be in some of the best company
because one notices I've gone I've tried
to go to confession a number of times I
look on the website and they say they
have confession at a certain time and
nobody's there they just aren't doing it
because people don't go to confession
anymore it's the Forgotten sacrament and
when the communion lines are long and
the confession lines are short then
people have lost the sense of sin and
you're you'll probably be sitting or
kneeling in the company of people who
still have that sense so you shouldn't
feel awkward or uncomfortable about that
at all all right
Nicholas says I know that you smoked
cigars have you ever smoked a pipe and
if so did you like it I've smoked many
pipes I was very fortunate as a young
teenage boy to I got as gifts kind of
hand-me-down gifts a beautiful humidor
Sinatra humidor for my cigars Wow and a
number of vintage Dunhill pipes yeah
well that's when you start smoking
cigars yeah so I was probably 15 or
something like that and I do have a
number of pipes I have a emiram pipe a
dunghill Miriam and a Shell Brier and a
number of others and you're supposed to
smoke a different pipe every day so you
don't yes you don't burn it out you know
so that they can cool down over the days
you don't crack your pipe my issue with
the pipe the great thing about a pipe is
for about 10 bucks you can buy a
lifetime supply of tobacco you go you
buy a couple ounces it's like lasts you
forever
the thing with a pipe does it so much
work you've got to like pack it in
there's a special way to pack and I'm
not very good at tamping or keeping it
lit and the quality of the tobacco is
not as good Sugoi
cigar tobacco is much better so I prefer
the cigars I've also heard and I read
this piece and first things one time and
it really stuck with me that the three
kinds of tobacco you smoke correspond
the kind of person you are to the cut
the part of your soul that comes out the
most
so the cigarettes that's the pathos
that's the appetite you know that's your
just kind of addicted you're smoking the
cigar is the ethos
it's the chest it's the spirit it's
mostly puffed out you know the smoke
goes out it's it's you know big and
billowy and the pipe is the logos it's
the the idea of the philosopher with the
pipe it has the feminine Bowl it has the
masculine stem you sit there and
contemplate and you puff and you work a
little at it so for me I'm more of the
chest I kind of prefer the the cigar not
much to it but but only first things I
of course the classic first thing is
article right yeah that's what I would
do although eventually when Shapiro
inevitably fires me yeah I'm gonna have
to retire the nice cigars and go back to
the pipe okay so this is the episode of
the conversation not Friday life we're
having lots of fun and we're only taking
subscriber questions so you need to head
over daily wire calm right now and
become a subscriber if you're not click
on the link in our video just
description to ask questions or sign up
and be sure to tune in for next month's
episode featuring our very own Ben
Shapiro it's gonna be on Thursday
September 20th at 5:30 p.m. Eastern 2:30
p.m. Pacific only subscribers can ask
the questions mmm it's important you got
to subscribe it's incredibly important
and only subscribers get the really cool
left is tears templates and this is
essential these days this is really
essential because otherwise we drown
lane says Michael have you seen
daredevil season 1 on Netflix it is
well-liked by critics and viewers alike
and has a lot of Catholic imagery and
themes if you have seen it what are your
thoughts I haven't seen it so I can't
comment on daredevil I've heard it's
very good the one thing I will observe
with that though is there are their
Catholic imagery and themes pop up all
the time they pop up all the time in
television I like that show young Pope I
actually enjoyed that did you see they
watched as very much Jude Law yeah it
always comes up in the culture you know
The Exorcist obvious
you're always seeing Catholic imagery
when you see it in movies it's always a
guy in a confessional or something right
going up to the the altar of the Cross
and this is interesting in a Protestant
country right America and the Americas
were founded by a Catholic discovered by
a Catholic Christopher Columbus and I
think Vespucci Amerigo Vespucci it's
named after another one but all the rest
of the people are Protestants the
founders the framers the pilgrims
everybody they're all Protestants and
yet this Catholic imagery is always
coming up and I think this is
significant I think it's spiritually and
artistically significant because it
tells us that there is something about
the Catholic Church that when people
think of Christianity they think of that
even people who don't like the Catholic
Church they're kind of anti-catholic
they confused about Mary and the Saints
or whatever there's something they just
keep going back to that and that tells
you I think a lot about the spiritual
history and the the in real time
physical history of the civilization
interesting Raymond says Mike are they
gonna add Walsh that shirt or is he the
broom closet oh I'm sorry or is he in
the broom closet down the hall from
yours he's not in his broom closet he's
in his oh he's in his car we you know I
have to say at least you know I get to
come out of my car during the day and
get into the to the Shapiro broom closet
although I don't know this could be just
like a big ruse because a Matt gets to
control his environment entirely and
whereas here I don't know what kind of
things they're sending into this room
kind of bogus and why I think you're
safe yeah that's right now at least they
air is a little cleaner you know you
know Vee I certainly don't have any idea
what shirt you're talking about but I
would say with regard to Matt we had
this big big blow up this big spat
few weeks he did you see this oh no
because it turns out the Matt Walsh is a
globalist oh yeah he's a globalist yeah
he started leading me down the globalist
track I was about to become one of those
nefarious deep state globalism and I
stopped I said it was enough most
because I had globes hitting me in the
head so what you know listen once Matt
renounced this is globalism then maybe
we can all talk and be friends again it
was really fun throwing globes it
Michael
by the way that's right you be there for
them and if you like my shirt you can
get them over on Amazon anyway Ryan says
hi Michael I have a computer in two
months of free time I want to learn a
new skill but don't want to spend more
than a dollar what should I do that's a
great question
oh you know you know what might be
helpful for you have you ever heard of
Skillshare baby oh yes Skillshare is so
good
as Skillshare is very important by the
way like I if they didn't sponsor the
shows I think I would still talk about
Skillshare because Skillshare is so
essential in our current culture which
is like this is what happens when when
Millennials especially I love to pick on
Millennials have free time you know that
you are millennial I don't mind mere I
know that he is a younger millennial
than I yes and I am in the generation
but not of the generation and but this
is what happens you know in our current
culture you go home at night you work
for like I don't know three hours a day
and then you go home at night and you
just get out your phone you go like this
and you just like scroll or maybe I
don't know if their pot delivery
services everywhere so maybe you smoke a
little pot and your squirrel uh right in
nobody betters themselves and
unfortunately for Millennials our
education is pretty bad there are a lot
of smart school you know yeah you've got
a good education but this isn't even the
teachers fault it's really the fault of
the curricula but it's really bad people
just don't know as much as they used to
know and so there's a great service
called Skillshare go check it out and
you can actually learn real skills that
will better your life and give you a
better understanding of the world
couldn't recommend it more highly that
or you can just smoke a cigar for a
couple I just want to know why he has
two free months and he's not going out
to get a job well you got some you need
skills to get a job I mean maybe he
graduated with a degree in lesbian dance
therapy they're not hiring very well so
he's good
I appreciate the initiative good on you
okay Arun says hi Michael can you
explain papal infallibility in light of
the many comments by Pope Francis which
if not contrary to Catholicism seem to
irk Catholic theological conservatives
there are comments that are contrary to
Catholicism that's absolutely true this
can you give an example of one yes
Pope Francis recently
the Catechism to say that the Catechism
is the popular book of teachings of the
Catholic Church and it now says that the
death penalty capital punishment is an
attack upon the inviolability of the
dignity of the human person I think I'm
getting that almost exactly right and
this is contrary to the previous
catechism which said that while advances
in incarceration might make it so that
the death penalty is practically
non-existent there's nothing
intrinsically evil about it
st. Augustine writes in defense of the
death penalty st. Paul writes in defense
of the death penalty Thomas Aquinas
writes in defense of the death penalty
this has always been upheld in the been
the when the Pope was overseeing all the
papal States there were many people who
got hanged
I forget which Pope it was but it was
the last Pope to execute somebody in the
papal States he was asked for a reprieve
and he said I will not do it and I do
not want to because hanging concentrates
the mind we talked about only the the
sort of rehabilitative effects of
capital punishment well if we can you
know may we the deterrent we shouldn't
if we can get the guy not to commit a
crime maybe we can lock him up forever
bla bla bla now there's a medicinal
effect as well which is that dr. Johnson
pointed out when a man knows that he is
to be hanged in a fortnight it
concentrates his mind wonderfully it
brings immediacy of serious questions to
your mind and and also there's nothing
illegitimate about killing criminals so
Pope Francis recently said that I
believe in another place
perhaps off the record he said that the
death penalty is anti gospel certainly
that is not the case a people
infallibility is widely misunderstood it
is hardly ever evoked it's a handful of
times you could point to and say the
Pope was speaking infallible the Pope
does not is not infallible
when he's saying whatever he wants to
say he's certainly not infallible
the Pope as infallibility is defined is
only infallible when he is clarifying
aspects of doctrine so I think people
misunderstand this in the way papal
infallibility is in a sort of sense a
limit on papal power in the same way
that divine right monarchy is in a
certain sense a limit
monarchic empower which is that you're
answerable to a higher power you're
answerable to 2,000 years of doctor
you're answerable to God so I think
we've had two of the greatest men in
certainly in the 20th century if not in
all of history serve as popes back to
back john paul ii and pope benedict xvi
if pope francis can't live up to that to
that incredible height of erudition and
spiritual greatness and perhaps he can
who knows then perhaps that can be
forgiven him but i think sometimes the
good lord sends us bad popes
I'm not saying Pope Francis is a bad
Pope but sometimes the good Lord sends
us bad Pope's to remind us that the
Pope's are only infallible when they're
not being fallible all righty Johnny
says what are your thoughts on Joyce's
Ulysses well I'm living in it every day
because in Ulysses by James Joyce you
know you get a real sense of the Trump
tweets I think you get a real sense of
this kind of stream of consciousness you
know going on we're living in that world
I don't I and I by the way I have to
admit I've never finished it really I've
never have you ever finished my freshman
year of college I read Ulysses you know
because you know Peter Kreeft
professor oh yeah for my two semesters
in college you did pretty well you know
you've got yeah I've never finished it I
think I'm finishing it now every single
day because because I'm on Twitter yeah
but it does I mean I do like certain
modern works I don't I don't want to
just seem like I'm a curmudgeon and I I
don't like anything that's modern I like
a lot of things that are modern like a
lot of modern writers from the modern
era all the way to the present but it is
important to have a coherence to reading
and thought you know part of this we
were knocking education earlier his
students get this education now that is
totally incoherent there's no sense of
laying at the groundwork of perhaps
before we rejoice we should read
Aristotle I don't know perhaps we should
read foundational texts and then and
then we can understand where choice
comes from and we can understand where
modern writers come from or Renaissance
writers or medieval whatever their
that's not really true now when students
go to college campuses babe
basically say pick whatever classes you
want in any order you want to take them
and hmm some place some places don't
have grades you know that's fine but
there should be some coherence to them
so now I've gone back over the last few
years to try to fill in the gaps of my
own education and so I'll by the time I
do that even after you went to the
esteemed Yale that there were gaps in
your education you know I can't I'd like
to blame Yale entirely for that because
Yale has in the words of Don Kagan
former dean of Yale it might not it
might no longer be possible to get an
education at Yale but I can't really you
know I went to a lot of parties to man
oh you know I'm a little responsible in
my own yeah but it there should be a
greater coherence certainly and so
hopefully once I've plowed through all
the other books I haven't read and I can
finally get back around to to finishing
Joyce Margot says hey Pope Kofi Fay why
don't you have a laptop for your show an
astute observation I don't like having a
laptop in front of me when I'm speaking
to people or speaking into a camera I
don't like it because I feel like I'm
plugged into the cyborgs or something I
feel like I you know that you're getting
messages from you know nefarious powers
or aliens or something I don't really
like that I prefer to have either a
stack of papers or some note cards
because it makes me feel more present
for the conversation it's the same
reason that I don't like when I'm having
a conversation with somebody I check my
phone and people get very angry because
I don't text them back right away if
ever and I don't email back right away
and I sometimes that forget to respond
but it's because if I'm talking to
somebody and they take out their phone
and start looking at their phone I'm
extraordinarily offended and
disrespected I hate that and so I don't
want to do that to somebody else either
and I extend that broadly when I'm
speaking to a group of students or
people or even speaking into the camera
and talking to all of you I I don't like
to have that thing there makes me feel
distracted and like I'm not not
president interesting norm says Michael
do you place any blame for millennial
socialism on conservatives who have
called any social policy left of Ron
Paul quote unquote socialism no I think
that we're not we're not being honest
enough about the breadth of socialism
there so we'll get to the Ron Paul of it
in a second but there are different
kinds of social
there are three kinds you can name right
now which is National Socialism that's
the Nazis international socialism that's
the Communists and democratic socialism
that's Alexandria Ocasio Cortez and they
speak a little bit to the aims of them
and to how they come to power but
broadly they are socialism they are
government control of the means of
production to some extent or to an
entire extent and it's really wicked
it's a it's a basic impulse of mankind
to give away power mankind does not
always long to be free in all places at
all times men want to be slaves this is
clear again and again throughout the
Bible throughout every great myth and
every great work of history they want to
be slaves that and what we have to do is
fight against that socialism is not some
minor exotic thing that might pop up
it is a basic temptation of the human
heart and we have to fight against that
because we were not made to be slaves as
for the social policy I don't see people
referring to lefty social views as
socialist though I do see conservatives
making fun of them this whole we gotta
legalize we should redefine marriage we
should have a lot of abortion or
whatever by the way Ron Paul very
pro-life guy but they are part and
parcel the classic thing you hear among
new new conservatives like recent ex
Democrats their kids in college or
they'll say well you know I'm a fiscal
conservative yeah and a social liberal
which means I don't really think about
anything in society but I really like
having my own money yeah and I did this
myself when I was in college and usually
pot and then it's like money
prostitution and pot that's right no
they write you all the drugs they want
legal yeah and they do and it's I get it
because in a very shallow sense it makes
sense you're more freedom more freedom
yeah but all shallows are clear so you
have to think in a in a deeper sense and
first of all drugs inhibit your freedom
and they enslave you but but also do
these vices you know I mean one in order
to have freedom you have to discipline
yourself order will be maintained in
society society must have order either
you can order yourself and discipline
yourself or Big Daddy government will
come in and
you for yourself but order will be
maintained so you need to try at least
to practice the virtues and that means
not doing every drug Under the Sun
perhaps that means not you know trying
to upend and have a revolution every
five seconds that means that there's a
coherence to a conservative disposition
in view of the world and you know social
liberal fiscal conservative is a good
step along the way I'm glad to have you
there but if you if you're honest with
yourself and you think through your
thoughts you're not going to finish
there all right Tom wants to know hey
Michael and Alicia any Rand Paul fans at
the Daily wire yeah love Rand Paul I
think he's great he's obviously a little
more libertarian than I am I'm not I'm
not a huge libertarian but libertarians
and conservatives make a ton of common
cause if we can have common cause with
Kanye West and cardi B I think that we
can have common cause with Rand Paul and
he's a very principled guy I like that
he had a career outside of politics he
is actually a surgeon right he's
actually had a job and worked in reality
and he and he's come around on those
judges which I really like I don't I
don't like it when people are just there
to obstruct and make idols of their
principles and say look at me look at me
look how principled I am but he's
working with people and he has his
beliefs and he's Pro Liberty I'm with
him all right Ryan says hypothetically
assume you met an alien from outer space
and no extraterrestrials definitely
exists if you're a candidate for
political office would you tell people
the truth about alien I would because
you can't hide it this is the question
of all the conspiracy theorist types
they they're always you know the
government has all of these secrets
about the aliens and about this and you
know every day there's a new conspiracy
theory that comes out and I'm not all
the conspiracy theories sort of make
some sense internally you can read
almost any of them and think oh that's a
weird coincidence so that's sort of the
craziest one though was that video of
like the Navy jet flying and then the
unidentified objects running and then it
passed the Navy jet I know
passed it and then Bigfoot jumped out of
it no it's true I saw that same video
and I was like did China have that
technology I don't know I mean CS Lewis
said that aliens could exist I suppose
they could
what I do know is that the government
could not successfully cover it up
that's the main I don't know whether
aliens exist or not but I do know that
the government can't cover it up it's
just not capable of that things come out
things leak because the government is
made up of men just like you and me and
a lot of them are just career
bureaucrats who might be men of lesser
caliber than you and me
depending on the agency there are a lot
of good career people in the government
too it's just not possible and when you
when you lean into some conspiracy
theory type things you're you're kind of
contradicting your own view of the world
you know look it's bad people do bad
things but they tend to come to light
over time so the reason I would tell the
people is because I'm an elected
politician I rely on the people I rely
on the people's goodwill and being
honest to the people and it's gonna come
out one way or the other so I definitely
tell them you don't think that you would
risk losing your re-election if I yeah
I'm not gonna risk it for an alien you
know I mean David makes you that great
political scientist made a career on
proving that the congressmen are
motivated solely by reelection they're
almost exclusively motivated by
re-election so I don't you know et is
not gonna convince me to ruin my life
all right Johnny says any thoughts on
what comes after decadent post-modernism
yeah fire brimstone maybe
chaos destruction death yeah the sweet
meteor of death might what comes after
it eventually we'll have to be some
sense of order and I think we're
actually getting a little bit back into
this so when we talk about decadent
post-modernism what we're talking about
are these people who deny objective
realities you know in a basic sense they
deny that there is truth you hear this
all the time on the Left they say
there's no such thing as truth well you
heard that from Pontius Pilate you're
the same sort of so this week we heard
it from Rudy Giuliani we did we did not
actually when we really didn't he was he
was quoting Chuck Todd who said truth is
truth and what Rudy Giuliani said is the
thing you're referring to his truth is
not true that's exactly right but I you
can go watch my episode yesterday but I
did because they tried to get it they
tried to make him a de Pontius Pilate
the way you know that's ridiculous is
it's the left that denies objective
reality
it's that left represented by outlets
that Chuck Todd is on that denies that
that reality exists so I think we're
seeing that crack back now in part this
whole pronoun thing has been a big part
of it you know because it's so absurd
you look at a giant dude and a giant
dude tells you that he's now a little
beautiful woman and you have to refer to
him as she and you just say no no that
isn't the case and note no disrespect
anybody who has this psychological
condition but you look at objective
reality is that you are experiencing
something subjectively that is causing
you pain and you have compassion for you
but objectively there is truth it's why
people like Jordan Peterson are very big
it's why the daily wire is doing so well
and that is flipping back look at even
people in who work within the decadent
entertainment culture guy like Kanye
West is actually coming around and
saying wait a second wait a second wait
a second Trump's not a Nazi wait a
second wait a second wait a second and
even these guys who are in that culture
saying there's we have to get back to
earth just a little bit because where
else is it gonna go at a certain point
you can't go any further so I actually
do have a lot of hope for the culture in
the short run you know in the long run
we're all dead to quote Keynes
but in the short run things are getting
getting better and done I'm hoping that
can last for I don't know another like
50 years 60 years that's our lifetime
that's why that's a good that's a win I
want to live longer than that 50 what
well lady doesn't tell her age but I've
been 50 60 years I'll be 80
yeah you'll be on 88 or something well
if you keep smoking cigars the way you
yeah Erin says should someone lie about
who they voted for if they fear severe
retaliation from their university
employer or other leftists with power
over them oh this is really hard why
should any of those people have any
right to ask them how they voted they
don't have any right to do it but they
do it they do it anyway and they'll do
it kind of jokingly at the watercooler
yeah ha ha ha I wouldn't recommend that
you lie I don't think that you should
lie and live us another life there were
occasions back in the long-ago days when
I would work as an actor where I would
be on cetera
in a theater and I would keep my mouth
shut or I would even say things that
seemed that could be interpreted as a
little bit lefty and you do it just so
that you keep working and you get along
but you feel a little icky about it you
don't I don't think that leads to a good
life you might want to keep quiet even
if you keep quiet they'll probably find
out that you're a conservative or a
Trump supporter but you might want to do
that I can't go out there and tell you
that you should be honest blare your
views from the rooftop I did that I've
done that my whole life and now in many
ways it's my job to do that so I get to
do it but that turn turned off other
opportunities other social opportunities
other professional opportunities
obviously in Hollywood it turns off a
lot of professional opportunities and
there's a cost to that I don't regret
the cost I've had a great time I sleep
very well at night I get to do whatever
I want it's a blast and I feel good and
I feel that I get to maintain the
integrity of my convictions but if you
work for the widget company and you know
your political views don't align with
the president of the widget company and
it's gonna create a bad situation for
you you might want to keep quiet you
might be doing greater good by keeping
that job and not hampering your career I
wouldn't lie but you might have to play
it safe that's not a again that's not a
clear-cut easy answer but you know life
isn't clear-cut or easy shallows are
clear all right
ginger says that her husband becomes
very angry when watching most of the
mainstream media I love watching the
news in the morning but not with him do
you have any suggestions for me to help
calm him yes just show him the ratings
show him the ratings on CNN issuing the
ratings on MSNBC I mean they get beaten
out I saw the other day ancient aliens
beat out I forget if it was CNN or MSNBC
ancient aliens on the History Channel
beat out mainstream primetime left-wing
cable news that is that is glorious
ancient you know the guy who's like it's
a nail but aliens you know that guy beat
them out nobody is watching and by the
way when it comes to CNN it was CNN
ancient aliens beat at CNN because CNN
all our ratings are propped up by being
on in every airport in the world if the
airports turned off CNN would
anybody watching it be like Andy Cuomo
would be watching Chris Cuomo on SIA
that's all that would be left watching
so show them those ratings and I really
laugh at it you can you can approach
politics in one of two ways one is to
get really worked up about it because
these guys are so stupid a lot of the
time you know they're sitting there
saying things that are wrong and in some
case of vicious and evil and wicked and
you can get really worked up about that
or you can laugh at them two options
equally valid you there I don't know
that one is more valid than the other
but one will give you a better life be
serious when you have to seriously
confront things but keep a sense of
humor you know the what is it Chesterton
said that the madman is not the man
who's lost his reason he's the man who's
lost everything but his reason there you
need a sense of humor and a sense of
proportion in these things and if some
dumb-dumb on CNN is spouting off on some
nonsense I think you can laugh at it you
laugh at them and it really deflates
them when you mock these people when you
don't take them seriously it really
deflates these guys and it's look
President Trump won an election laughing
at the left and we were all laughing at
them too
all right we have more questions but
we're wrapping up if you're not a
subscriber and you want to ask questions
then you need to become a subscriber
right now at daily we're calm and then
you can click on the little description
box and come over the conversation page
and type in your questions in the nice
little box ginger says Michael do you
have any suggestions on how to fix the
homeless crisis in California bulldozer
would be a good start
you could use a bulldozer maybe what's
the one that just rolls or you could do
that I am not totally kidding it is
outrageous what's happened in California
so what do you do you're not gonna run
over the homeless people no I use the
bulldozer for them and I'll use the
steamroller for their for their tents
it's an outrage what they do nobody has
the right to live on the street it is
and to quote Rudy Giuliani when you're
doing as an anti Catholic because that
isn't the church supposed to have open
doors and help help all those people
they can go to a they can go to one of
the many many many Catholic Charities
and homeless shelters that exist in the
country and get help and get counseling
they're welcome to do that ya know
that's not on the street that's in the
church and that's in the shelters to
quote Rudy Giuliani
from during the Occupy Wall Street
protests living on the street is a
dysfunctional act that harms the
individual and society you you can't
walk through downtown LA without fear of
being stabbed by a person who probably
has several mental illnesses and is
almost certainly addicted to a lot of
drugs that person has no right to live
in that public space and the the current
mayor Eric Garcetti is truly horrific
and a real Crone corrupt politician and
he's doing nothing the problem has
gotten so so much worse under his watch
but people need a little tough love
people get this room all the time I'll
go back to Chesterton who shows that
heresy is not the promotion of Vice /
virtue it's the promotion of one virtue
to the exclusion of the others so we
want to show some mercy to the homeless
people good buy him a meal buy a meal
take him talk to him nobody talks to
homeless people you ever notice this
even the rare person who buys the person
a meal they kind of hand it off is there
you go they don't talk to them maybe sit
down and talk to the person learn
something about learning who they are
just talk people need to speak and maybe
offer them help if you can offer them
help get them to a shelter get them to a
facility a lot of times people don't
want to go to shelters because you can't
do drugs and shelters and you can't
you're not free to live on your own in
squalor and self-appointed slavery and
on this in those shelters so we might
promote that mercy but it seems like a
false mercy and it seems to be mercy at
the expense of justice or prudence there
are other virtues here to encourage
perhaps our public safety but yeah
public safety I mean it takes love takes
a lot of forms and one of those is tough
love we don't have a lot of tough love
today we have a lot of sentimental love
but you need a little tough love it
doesn't help anybody to let these guys
live on the street it creates horrible
conditions of breeds crime I've seen it
in my own neighborhoods it's bred rape
and crime and assault it's really awful
and anybody who suggests that we should
let it persist has is morally culpable
all right rosemary says now that God is
a woman and has cultural reparations
been Retro are we
retro activated to the dawn of time have
cultural reparation yeah intro activated
to the dawn of time yeah I guess so
that's right what's your what rosemary
is referring to is the greatest music
video ever created
we're it's Ariana Grande God is a woman
bee and the thing that's so great about
it is it proves Pat Robertson right when
he said that feminism teaches women to
practice witchcraft we kill their
children and become lesbian literally
Michael made me read this blog post 92 a
gay Wiccan oh yes yeah yeah that talked
about all of the satanic kind of things
shot-for-shot him in this music video it
really is pretty weird and she did the
performance last night at the VMAs and
she did the The Last Supper
but Christ is a black woman just like
Adam is a black woman her video really
that is really what it is because it's
kind of sad for the cultural left there
there is all of this cultic imagery and
why do they have cultic imagery is it
because they've all on mass decided to
become witches no it's because they're
reacting against a Western civilization
that they hate so it's all just like
what if it were opposite day that's
basically what the left answer to
everything is like but what if it were
opposite day
what if so if Adam is a white man then
that so we should do black woman haha
it's the opposite if if the if the Last
Supper is serious and somber and
respectful and it's all men then it
should be we should flip it and I'll be
all women having lewd sexual poses and
all it's just they just want the
opposite and it's a really ridiculous
version of reparations because our
civilization has done very well for
everybody done very well for racial
minorities ethnic minorities very well
for women better than any civilization
in history or even imaginable and so if
we go back to the early start of that
culture and change everything around
I don't remember Rome ending well I
guess right yeah I well I just I don't
know that it's going to bode well for
these people who who think that they're
going to create utopia on earth I don't
think they're they're gonna quite get
there alright Nathan wants to know
Michael do you think it is always
blasphemous to joke or laugh at God's
expense do I need to go to confession
every time I quote Monty Python or does
God have a sense of humor to an extent
well I wouldn't joke I wouldn't make a
joke at God's expense you can joke about
the divine people joke about the divine
all the time God is the source of humor
so I suppose there's he has a sense of
humor because he has a sense of
everything because he's omniscient but I
wouldn't there's a real line you've got
to really be careful here and you know
there's always this question we debate
this around the office all the time
why doesn't Jesus have a sense of humor
and I think Jesus does have a sense of
humor he has so he's like well all those
oh ye of little faith I think are kind
of funny you know like when he was a boy
and was teaching in the synagogue
yeah well that's certainly they are kind
of challenging him his answers yeah his
answers there and there's all you know
he always says how much longer must I
suffer to be with you that he's saying
that that's a serious statement but
there is a humor to that but the thing
is when you're telling a joke so much of
humor comes from incongruity and
absurdity absurdity means out of tune to
be out of tune but you know Christ is
the logos of the universe we always hear
the voice of God although all the great
prophets and we hear the voice of God
that's the sense we hear it in and God
is not out of tune
God is in tune and so humor I don't know
that humor really means very much
because there isn't incongruity and
there isn't absurdity and God Himself
which is why you've got to be very
careful or Monty Python is going to send
you to hell everyone wants to know
Michael why is it that women are praised
for their chastity in society but men
are made to feel shame in their chastity
it depends what part of society I think
the same I don't think there's really a
double standard exactly in the parts of
society that demand chastity the parts
of society that demands a study and by
that I mean the church and in Judaism
they want men to be chaste to I mean
they used to make fun of been on TV that
call him Bend the virgin because he
wanted to remain chaste until they was
married so that part I think is pretty
coherent and then the lefty crazy parts
of society they they shame the virgins
right they say go to the walk shout
your abortion go out be very proud of
your promiscuity if you're a man or a
woman there is a kind of old-school
culture that I think is not exactly
religious and is not exactly ideological
but it just kind of goes down to men
which is that men are more perm
uest and women in part this is because
or more liable to be promiscuous that's
because we don't get pregnant there is
right there though the risks are much
lower if you're going to be a dirtbag
then you can really do it well almost
without any problems at all and because
men are the aggressors they're more
aggressive they're more sexually desire
they have greater sexual desire women
are more sexually desirous but they're
they they have greater sexual drives and
that's a fact that modern feminism wants
to pretend doesn't exist but in you know
in the modern culture you'll sometimes
hear women they'll say yeah I went out
and got a man last night I got laid and
you just think who are you who are you
kidding
I mean it's you're taking a male boast
and you're trying to appropriate that
cultural appropriation to make it
pretend that gender and biological sex
doesn't matter but of course it does
matter and but I think that's just part
of the human condition is that men and
are gonna be a little little more driven
when it comes to sex than women and that
explains why we see we pat some men on
the back and we say hey good on your
buddy oh I wish it were me hey hey and
with women they're more protective of
that against all the men who want to do
it any woman can go out and get a man to
go home with her
that's not true for any man and that's
that's your long-life fellas sorry okay
it says hi Michael how his marriage
changed your relationship with the
missus it's interesting I mean I've
known my wife since I was in the womb
basically we're not siblings I've just
known her a very long time since middle
school you know we dated in high school
and all that so as a practical matter
we've had this relationship forever and
yet marriage does change things it
really does like the instant it happens
it changes things and it changed I don't
know if it changes the relationship with
the person like it doesn't change how I
really see the person or view the person
per se it creates this separate thing it
creates this marriage that I am now in
possession of that I have to care it
attend to and that is being tended to
for me and it lets you see your life
very differently you know it lets you
see your life now you think oh well next
step especially it's a good Catholic boy
you know you think about the next step
baby
Yeah right you know you and you think
about buying a house you
about making more money you think about
this you think about all of these things
that go along with marriage and it's
wonderful I really really highly
recommend it because by traditional
standards I got married very late I got
married at 28 by modern standards I'm a
child bride I know I'm so young so many
of my friends get married in their 30s
or 40s but I really recommend it it's
great I don't miss a thing about being
single and really like being married and
I didn't marry a saint so that does help
yeah well she gained her sainthood when
she said I do - I know that's talking
about sanctifying works this is our last
question I can't believe it dad it's
been an entire our last question comes
from Joel what are your thoughts on
Austin Peterson's loss and the Missouri
primary did Trump make a mistake in
nominating that his Rhyno her boy Josh
Holly Holly yeah that's a that was a
crazy I mean watching that election was
fascinating to me and I think that
actually he's going to be there with our
daily wired crew on like awesome Peters
awesome yeah I've had Austin over you're
there I'm there I've really I really
like Austin I've had him on the show
before I like his point of view he's
obviously a libertarian more libertarian
than I am but I really appreciate this
point of view I think that without
comment look the race is over saddle I
like Austin very much I have nothing
against Josh Holly but the real question
is where should trump fall right should
Trump be endorsing the more stable party
guys or should he go for these more
outside candidates Austin Peterson is a
libertarian guy who I believe he was
registered as a libertarian at points in
his life so should he go really out
there on the political spectrum or
should he play along with the party I I
don't think it's a mistake to play along
with the party in so much as Trump runs
the party now he shaped the party
largely in His image in just a short
period of time he's shown himself to be
a conservative far more conservative
than I think any of us really expected
him to be and you've got to play with
the party you know you don't you worry
about institutional men but the White
House is an institution the president
seasoned Institute or the Congress is an
institution you've got to deal with that
because your party is your team
especially when you're the team captain
like president
is so I I don't know that he made the
wrong decision in so much as you play
along with your people and he's got a
lot of players around him Mitch
McConnell is around him he's delivered
very well even Ryan delivered for him
and so you've got to give a tug and pull
and you won't always get your preferred
candidate I know a lot of people love
Austin really wish that he could have
gotten it you're not always gonna get
that perfect candidate Ronald Reagan
didn't always get things those things
right because it's a little easy for us
when we have a microphone to sit here
and say exactly how the world should
look but when you're in there when
you're in the fight when you're in in
the trenches then you've you've got to
make some compromises and you've got to
make some bets on people like Holly and
so I hope the bet pays off but I always
give respect for the people who are in
there fighting in the party in the
trenches because they're the ones who
affect the legislation we're done we're
out of here that's it for this episode
of the conversation thank you so much
for joining us everyone and be sure to
subscribe to daily we're calm now so you
can be a part of next month's episode of
the conversation it's going to be on
Thursday September 20th at 5:30 p.m.
Eastern 2:30 p.m. Pacific featuring our
very own Ben ship hero editor-in-chief
the big boss near Times bestselling
author host of the fastest-growing
conservative podcast in the nation the
Ben Shapiro somewhere yeah I don't there
are few other things too yeah yeah
what's his wife do I think maybe a
doctor yeah I'd heard that somewhere
but anyway mrs. Ben Michael Noel's
episode of the conversation I'm Alicia
Krause and we'll see you next time
