what's really good for us though is that
the VMAs
really don't represent much of what
people are looking at much of what
people believe they're totally declining
an influence very few people are talking
about them even today and there's this
other aspect of it which is the the good
news of the MTV Video Music Awards cardi
B my favorite I am predicting right now
you can mark my words cardi B will end
up a Republican I'm certain of it I love
this girl
here here just if you're not familiar
here's cardi B I am so happy you know to
receive this award a couple of months
ago a lot of people were saying you know
you gambling your career you're about to
have a baby what are you doing and you
know I had a baby I carry the baby and
now I'm still winning awards my family
that supported me all the love all the
love that my fans that my friends that
everybody shows me it's genuine it's
beautiful and that's something that God
gave me that you can't buy confused at
the end here but she's apparently cardi
B whom I'd never really heard of I don't
know any songs that she does but
apparently she's a pretty Catholic and
she's talking about how she was pregnant
and people were saying you can't have a
career if you're gonna have a baby and
she says I had the baby and I've still
got the career I'm still winning awards
but I had my baby because I put that
first that's a great message and we
could really use that in the popular
culture and then at the end I just love
this statement she goes and I want to
thank God and I want to thank my loving
fans and family be calling someone a
profanity apparently she was referring
to Nicki Minaj I'm not gonna touch that
with a ten-foot pole I don't want to get
into that at all but it's really fun and
that's what I thought you know she
sounds pretty conservative here she's
extraordin I said this one she sounds so
much like a Republican is there any
other evidence that cardi B might be a
Republican cardi take it away so you
know that government is taking 40% of my
taxes and Uncle Sam
I want to know what you're doing with my
tax money because you know what I'm
saying like but you donate like when you
donate to a kid from a foreign country
they give you updates of what they do
much of the nation I want to know what
to do with my tax money because I'm from
New York and the streets is always dirty
we was voted the dirtiest city in
America what is y'all doing this to rats
from the damn trains I know you're not
spending in no damn prison because y'all
be given like two underwears one
jumpsuit for like five months so what is
doing with my money
what is y'all doing with my money I want
to know I want receipts I want
everything I want to know what's funny
what is that doing money money
preach that's gonna be my presidential
campaign slogan what the bleep are you
doing with my bleep money hey Uncle Sam
what the Noles 20 20 24 what a twenty to
twenty thirty two is what it says on the
shirt I love that and so I actually do
think that she's gonna end up a
Republican now apparently she's spoken
out against President Trump she
campaigned for Bernie
she wobb wobb la whatever but that's
fine people get confused when they're
young they come to clarity over a little
bit of time of thinking about things
and I really mean it I'm not being
facetious here I think she's going to
end up a Republican where else is she
gonna go
