so that's notable but also very notable
is his call to hatred perfect hatred as
he said I think there's a very important
truth
and I think we are as Christians is
modern people in general are repelled by
the idea of hating a call to hatred
really upsets us but that's only because
we have been indoctrinated into the
modern effeminate version of the faith
the version of Christianity that thinks
hatred is an objective evil and it's the
one thing we should always fight against
as Christians the version that says
hatred cannot be of God because God is
love and hatred is loves opposite and of
course it is true that God is love but
the rest of that equation is completely
wrong it's untrue hatred is not the
opposite of love hatred is really an
element of love hatred is a part of love
a sign of love hatred is love turned
militant hatred is the ferocious part of
love the aggressive part now there are
of course bad forms of hatred there are
a lot of they're not all not all hatred
is bad but not all hatred is good
obviously and but we can easily tell if
it is a good or bad hatred by looking at
what the hatred militates against hatred
is always opposing something well let's
look at what it's opposing so hatred of
a different race of people is bad hatred
it's a disordered hatred because it is
hatred directed at you at human beings
at individuals but even this you know
hatred is always attached to love so
even this disordered hatred is attached
to a disordered love
