this event rise for ro it's going all
around the country it's being run by
these five basically unemployable
Democrat hacks it's good you know this
woman
Lauren dukkha this radical abortion
advocate she writes for Teen Vogue yeah
Bernie Sanders press secretary is there
another lady Rockette oh who runs a
bunch of lefty groups a couple others
who run these lefty groups and of course
the devil herself Cecile Richards is
sitting around there Oh was she there
she she was there and Alyssa Milano the
actress the former actress and now
Twitter person healthy yeah was there
she do she dressed up like the woman
from The Handmaid's Tale that you really
she did it's real I hope maybe we'll get
the picture it's her holding a sign
which of course the Internet has had
great fun with her frowning you know
looking like the lady in the Handmaid's
Tale and this is the story you know the
the left has always relied on useful
idiots yeah from Lenin and Stalin onward
so now you've got the kind of soros
types Cecile Richards these aren't
stupid people these are serious people
and then you have Alyssa Milano and
Alyssa Milano her line on all of this is
it is effing absurd that we're still
fighting for abortion if Cavanaugh has
confirmed it quote will literally affect
everything we know to be true as
American citizens it will really
literally affect everything we know to
be true as an American citizen boys a
POW that's a powerful position that's
good can I should get that job yeah I
met didn't occur to me that yeah I
thought mostly you were analyzing tax
laws and stuff like that you know not to
not to leave the subject but just for a
minute the New Yorker today did it ran
an article this week did an article in
which Lawrence tribe the Harvard Law guy
who said that it was analyzing
Cavanaugh's sports reporting in college
to see what kind of a judge he would be
and he said you know you can see he
gives too much power to the executive in
his references to umpires it was like I
was unbidden have made it up it was
because he was burning them like tea
leaves of course you it is it is beyond
a parody now actually the only person
who is up being honest about all of this
is Chelsea Clinton and with this rise
for Roe stuff but I'll get to that in a
second so this all took place at the El
Rey theater
you know the el rey theater it's about
700 person theater in LA who would
expect this big popular movement being
put on by Planned Parenthood by the the
pro-abortion a role that it would be
this big rally right now of course not
it's in a 700 person theater I don't
know if they filled it up it's unclear
to put this in perspective Ben I was
just at Ben's live show the other day in
Dallas in Phoenix he put on just regular
podcasts in a four thousand person Wow
which was packed which was utterly
packed you know standing room only
