from Aaron dang Knowles you viciously
excoriated Peter struck on your show
this week well I fully approve I don't
think I've ever seen you Hulk out like
this given the rampant hypocrisy and
negative press cough FA from the left
why was struck of all people the one to
finally push you over the edge when can
we expect a visit from Hulk Michael
right now baby that's when you can
because struck is such a little twerp
such a little wimpy disgusting twerp
that's why he's it's so egregious look
do it he cheated on his wife a lot of
people cheat on their wives it's not
good but that wouldn't be enough to make
me rip my shirt off and turn green what
drives me crazy is that he used a
bureaucratic position of the public
trust he abused it to threaten the most
obvious example of my freedom the
biggest most public most widespread
national example of my political
freedoms that I get to vote in major
elections like the presidential election
for instance he threatened and boasted
about subverting that from his weaselly
little power as a bureaucrat in the
administrative state and and many put
his hand out after taking taxpayer money
his whole life he put his hand out to
get on the dole again I don't know he's
probably raised millions of dollars at
this point kept upping it there the left
is giving him a trust fund to own the
cons it's so egregious but the thing
that really got me about him is is that
his weasel enos both abused the public
trust and threatens my freedom and I
don't like that
