then we here in Texas pride ourselves on
being the epicenter of red state America
and where I'm my concern though is there
certain left-wing pundants over the past
several years who think they have this
crystal ball and say hey just you wait
Texas with the demographic trends of
this state will become a
majority-minority state will own you
then and you'll be finished right my
question to you is what can we do as you
know god-fearing patriotic Americans who
understand that red state America is
preserving real America what can we do
to make sure that Texas stays a red
state with or without this effect every
demographic Twins okay
so the first thing you have to do is
build a wall
on the border of California
so the truth is that I think that I
really actually do believe this I think
that the threat to the conservatism of
Texas is not coming from any particular
demographic population because Texas
it's actually pretty amazing as Texas
population has arisen in terms of for
example two spanic population Texas has
remained a very red state California has
experienced the exact same thing and
it's gone completely blue because the
values of California are not the values
of Texas and so I really don't think
it's about ethnicity as much as it is
about the values being promulgated the
real threat is coming from all the
idiots in California who decide you know
what my state sucks because it's left
let's go to Texas and make that left and
it's like well if you're gonna be I mean
listen I love Texas because of what
Texas is and what Texas represents but
if you're gonna live in a leftist state
you may as well live where a beach is
right like you may as well live where
the weather is really nice so if you're
gonna come to Texas and then reinstall
California government in Texas it's like
you get the humidity of Dallas and the
government of Jerry Brown like how is
that a good thing this is why my
long-term plan is if the left continues
to do this then what will happen is
here's what happens conservatives go to
an area they build it up to make it
awesome the left follows and makes the
area suck and then consumers leave then
they go to a slightly worse area and
they make it awesome and then left is
follow and then they make it suck and so
we're now to the point where California
has been made to suck by the left and
Texas is great and so the leftists are
gonna come to California the Bluffs are
gonna come Texas there didn't try to
make it suck and so we can do is we can
do an actual evasive action we actually
go back to California we end around them
and we take Barbra Streisand's beach
house so we put the lone star flag in it
