in another example of people being
called racist or not actually racist
they're just dumb
there is an episode of the $100,000
pyramid and in this episode of the
$100,000 pyramid one of the contestants
is given a clue and he is supposed to
convey to the person sitting across from
him what the category is the category as
you'll see is people whose last names
are Obama and now the Quai that's a very
easy category to the bottom of the
pyramid as you know from the pyramid
game the the questions get harder as you
get up toward the top this is an easy
one right all you have to say is Barack
Michelle Malia Sasha all right that's
all you have to say and they'll get
people whose last names are Obama okay
that is not what this guy says and it is
really funny for $50,000 here's your
first subject bin Laden just just
excellent excellent stuff right there so
is he a blatant evil racist no he's an
idiot
okay can we just like make a couple of
distinctions in American life if you mix
up Obama and Osama it's cuz you dumb
it's not because you think that Barack
Obama is actually an Afghani terrorist
or a Saudi terrorist living in the caves
of Afghanistan or buried at the bottom
of the ocean at this point like that's
not that's not actually a thing but
people were like ha this is a racist
contestant because he conflated Obama
and Osama or he's just an idiot I have a
basic rule about politics that which you
cannot attribute to stupidity you may be
able to contribute it to malign
influence and malign intent otherwise
just attribute things to people being
stupid people are dumb people are so
damn stupid like this is one of the
great tragedies of life I've courted a
thousand times I'll quote it again Adam
Carolla says and he's exactly right one
of the great disappointments in life is
when you're five years old you look
around at the world you see all these
adults and all these adults have cars
and they have nice clothes and they have
houses and they can buy nice things and
they have money in their wallets and
they all look so put together and you
think god those adults are so smart and
then you become an adult and you realize
that all of
the adults around you are the same kids
who are sitting next to you picking
their nose and eating it when you were
five they're the same people okay adults
are just as dumb as you as the kids were
around you when you were a kid and so
when you look at people that maybe just
to be nice we should first attribute
things to people being idiots and also
to be accurate because most people are
idiots
