I like that for president Trump every
time he hires somebody it's that he gave
them their big break in life it's a out
of the charity of his heart he hired
Omarosa because he's such a charitable
fellow president Trump that's that's
what he does he's just such a nice guy
okay but the idea that he's a racist
because he called Omarosa a dog is just
silly
here is a mere smattering of the people
he has called the dog in the past on
Twitter alone okay and it's always in
the same context he loves the phrase
fired like a dub which begs the question
how many dogs has he actually fired cuz
that's weird like do you fire a dog our
dogs known for being fired
it's a strange from the phrase but the
president has said this many many times
so here's what he said about David
Gregory formerly of NBC david gregory
got thrown off of TV by NBC fired like a
Doug now he's on CNN being nasty to me
not nice exclamation point
MIT Romney had his chance to be a failed
president but he choked like a dog I
don't know what he has against dogs like
I'm not a dog person but he needs to go
over to like puppy spot or something and
really get to know some dogs because
he's kind of mean he says moodle
McMiller I'm now going to teach you a
big boy a lesson about lawsuit in
finance you ungrateful Doug Minnie says
about sloppy Steve ban and this is my
favorite cuz I don't like Steve and he's
a jerk
he's now sloppy steve has been dumped
like a dog by almost everyone and then
there's bill maher fired like Doug and
then there's Arianna Huffington she is a
Doug who wrongfully comments on me and
then there's Reverend Wright and Barack
Obama he says the Reverend Wright was
dumped like a Doug and then there's eric
erickson who was fired like a dog and
then there's reverend wright who was
also again dumped like a dog and then
there was glenn back who was burned like
a dog and then there was David Axelrod
who was a dog and then there's George
Will who was thrown off ABC like a dog
and then there was Chuck Todd who was
not quite fired like a dog but Trump
thought he was going to be fired like a
dog and there was brent bozell who came
to his office begging for money like a
dog and then there's eric erickson
again fired like a dog and then mubarak
who was dropped like a dog
there was Ted Cruz who scapegoated his
capable director of communications fired
like Doug and finally the best one
involves of course this is the classic
of the genre fired like a dog I mean
it's it's a whole genre right if
blockbuster videos still existed there
would actually be a full section of
dog references by President Trump be
like fired like a dog one fired like a
dog to the revenge okay so he's tweeted
this is this is of course the best one
this is from October 17th 2012 Robert
Pattinson should not take back Kristen
Stewart she cheated on him like a dog
and would do it again
just watch he can do much better so
Before we jump to he's a racist we might
want to say he's a speciesist he doesn't
like dogs
he's very very mean to dogs you thought
Mitt Romney was mean to dogs when he put
a dog on top of his car and drove around
all that stuff President Trump every
time he has something bad to say about a
person he likens that person to a dog so
there's that but I love that the BDI are
treating he called home roasted oh he's
a racist because she's a black woman
that's what he calls her dog no I called
her dogs doesn't like her and for some
reason he's got this phrase stuck in his
head
