I think by the way here at the top it
could be it could be useful to contrast
this scene with something else think
about this protest and the coverage that
it gets in the attention etiquette and
contrast that with another protest that
happens every year in DC and that for
that I refer to the March for Life the
March for Life you have up to sometimes
more than half a million people
pro-lifers who descend on DC to protest
abortion and when I say descend that
makes it's not really descend they come
in a very orderly fashion and they're
there and it's very peaceful in there
protesting abortion yet those half a
million people will not get even close
to half the amount of attention as a
handful of white nationalists can
attract the media somehow it's very
interesting I you know it's it's it's
it's seems like a strange coincidence
that every year when the half a million
people are marching down the street the
media just has so many other things to
focus on they don't even they don't even
notice the half a million people walking
down through their own backyard yet any
time 30 80 30 white supremacists get
together they can attract the undivided
attention of the media
why is that
what's happening here how do you explain
this why is the media and why is the
left giving so much attention to these
fringe whack jobs and it's probably
overstating their relevance when I say
fringe it's more like these are fringe
of the fringe of the fringe yet they are
treated like powerful voices in the
national dialogue it's the media and the
left that treats them like they have
something important to say that has to
really be engaged with why is that I
mean you wouldn't if you were walking
down the street and there was some crazy
guy standing on the street corner
shouting that he's the Queen of England
would you would you gather a hundred
people together to shouting you're not
the Queen of England
no would you get signs and hold them and
surround this one guy and then bring out
news cameras breaking news this man
claims he's the Queen of England no you
wouldn't do that because he's just one
irrelevant guy who cares what he's
saying just one crazy guy we'll take
that one crazy guy and then add a few
more of him and that's basically what we
have yet it gets this response
