and we're live in three well hello
everybody I'm Jeremy boring God king of
the daily wire and as many of you know
if you were tuned in last Thursday to
the Michael Noel's show we've made some
changes here at the daily wire we want
to wish Michael the best he brought us a
lot of good content over the last years
and we all look forward to seeing where
he lands but when I go spend today's
show looking backward a lot of news to
get to so I guess this is it
I'm Jeremy boring and this is the Jeremy
boring show
so obviously trying to save a little
money on those opening graphics we
promise to do better but let's get to
the news another 72 hours have gone by
and in Donald Trump's America that is a
lifetime plus Alexandria or Cascio
Cortes said some just crazy stuff first
though before the news we got to make a
little money honey so let's talk about
our pals over at movement watch's
movement really listen I consider myself
a watch guy I own quite a few very nice
watches but the movement watch I have to
say it just shocked me this is a great
project it tells time like a champ and
you
I do have to remind you you're gonna
have this weekend just remember we are
shooting the second season of another
Kingdom right now hello sweet little
ELISA triplets oh oh hello just one
second Benjamin I just need something
yeah well but what is it then
yeah anyway you know I can wait you sure
yeah thanks I'm Michael Knowles and this
is Michael Nolt show all right we're
back a lot to talk about today I feel
like I've been gone for a while but we
have made it we've made it to the 200th
episode so thank you to everybody who's
been listening and watching it feels
really good nice still hanging around
here in the broom closet so much to talk
about today we it was a big weekend very
big weekend there was the unite the
right rally that I think like four
people showed up at but it was a great
opportunity for the left to become very
violent and threatened to murder the
President and for the mainstream media
to be hypocritical and for former White
House employees to be hypocritical and
Donald Trump has this amazing knack for
forcing his opponents to be honest he
does this with the Democrats admitting
that they're socialists he does this
with teachers admitting that they're
indoctrinating students he does it
people are just honest he he forces his
opponents to project when they accused
their opponents of the the lefty is the
anti Trump people what they accuse their
opponents of is what they're doing
themselves we'll go through that bit by
bit before we do that let's make a
little money honey huh let's keep this
show on the air let's keep the lights on
and we got to thank thrive market thrive
market is really really good you know
there was a time when I was basically
living in the gutter and I would just
you know as a I was a bachelors what I'm
talking about I was I would eat you know
whatever sludge was in my fridge now I
use thrive market go to thrive market
calm slash michael mi CH AE l it is
revolutionary it's the online
marketplace on a mission to make healthy
living easy and affordable for everyone
you can shop for thousands of the best
selling non-gmo and natural products
always at 25% but
to 50% below traditional retail prices I
loved it especially I love their olive
oil but they have so much stuff food
snacks vitamins supplements
personal care eco-friendly cleaning all
that look you're worth it don't keep
putting sludge into your body let thrive
market and make it easy for you more
than 70% of the thrive market catalog
cannot be found on Amazon it's the
largest retailer in the country that
sells exclusively non-gmo groceries
there they're really good let me give
you some free food to celebrate my 200th
episode users will get $20 off their
first three orders of $49 or more plus
free shipping most shoppers are gonna
spend more than that anyway there's so
much good stuff
do the math you spent forty nine bucks
thrive automatically gives you back 20
bucks so your total purchase becomes 30
you get this deal three times in a row
that's a lot of math more math than I
can handle get $60 worth of free organic
groceries thrive market calm slash
michael mi CH AE l it's instant $60 of
free groceries thrive market calm slash
Michael so much to get to today so let's
let's just begin a lot happened that
that unites the right rally happened in
Washington DC you remember this from
last year the unite to the right rally
that very few mainstream right-wingers
went to if any unite the right it
happened in Charlottesville that poor
girl got killed by a crazy guy in a car
and what this is showing for the media
and the left is the or moment right now
is the I know you are but what am i
moment the unite the right rally was
really a unite the left rally they're
trying to make it a unite the left rally
they want to use these boogeymen these
handful of wackos to unite the left
because the left is having a civil war
right now the left is at war with itself
so last year this unite the right rally
just if you didn't remember I know the
media put it wall-to-wall coverage it
was this small gathering run by a white
nationalists Jason Kessler Richard
Spencer was there as well and what the
left tried to do is smear conservatives
and Republicans as being part of these
white nationalist alt-right groups and
now this is ridiculous as I explained to
my Prague review video the alt in alt
right is alternative means an
alternative to American conservatism so
we have American conservatism we talk
about our rights which come from God we
talk about tradish
not only religious census but all of the
the rights and the culture that have
come out of that judeo-christian
morality all that have come out of
Western civilization the alternative
right rejects that and it basically goes
back to a tribal racialism to come it's
it's so ridiculous to compare the
alternative right or white nationalism
to conservatism I almost don't want to
do it but let's very quickly let's just
kick the mainstream media out here here
is a clip of Richard Spencer explaining
what he and his buddies think what does
Richard Spencer actually believe no
individual has a right outside of a
collective community you have rights not
eternally or given by God or by nature
wisdom to us oh you have them because
you're a part of this community
ultimately the state gives those rights
to you so the state is the source of
rights not the end of it it simply is
what would be your take on say Reagan I
do not think that he was a great
president was your favorite president
there is something about Jackson there's
something about pulk as well someone who
only served one term but I mean Jackson
and polkas you know about Democrats I
party I mean party is just the the
vessel that that one uses in Jackson's
the founder of the Democratic Party he
goes on and on here it was a great great
clip from dinesh d'souza he goes on to
say that he loves the Democratic
populism of the 1920s you know at the
resurgence of the Ku Klux Klan
so the comparisons between conservatives
and Republicans and these guys are
absurd nevertheless the Left keeps
trying to tie them all together what
this really was is a unites the Left
rally and the reason we know that is
virtually on the one-year anniversary
virtually nobody showed up from the the
right side of the OLT right or the white
nationalists virtually nobody in
Charlottesville virtually nobody in
Washington DC here is how the the New
York Times covered it even the New York
Times had to admit this quote but even
with the low turnout almost no one
walked away with the sense that the
nation's divisions were any closer to
healing listen even with the low turnout
and
Charlotte's ville very few if any right
wing people and a ton of antifreeze just
you know ready to smash the police they
said but our nation's divisions aren't
healed yet yeah they're not healed
because of the left virtually no all
right white nationalist there were none
of these people there are statistically
zero of these people in the country but
the left comes they start you know
threatening the police tour it's
screaming getting violent they say our
nation's wounds are far from healing no
you have a violent left you have a
mythic a violent right there was that
one awful example last year at the
Charlottesville protests other than that
you don't really see violence on the
right you see a ton of violence on the
left the New York Times goes on quote a
similar dynamic to the one in Washington
played out in Charlottesville on Sunday
where few if any four right
demonstrators could be found and where
the most palpable tensions developed
between left-wing protesters and the
police whose presence in the city was
heavy and some argued heavy-handed so
Charlottesville part two and didn't
wasn't white nationalists versus
communists Nazis versus communists it
was leftist versus the police and by the
way the the argument last year the
lefties were so angry is that the police
didn't do enough to protect people and
someone ended up getting killed so this
year the police came out in full force
they say we don't want the police in
full force what do you want what does
the left one the left once
destruction that's what they want they
want to whine and complain and try
conservatives and Trump supporters to
these neo-nazi types and it's so
transparent they're so they are so
projecting the outside of the White
House went in this unites the right
rally there were there was Jason Kessler
the organizer of it and maybe a couple
dozen white nationalist types maybe
20-some somehow it's reported there were
about 20 of them with police protection
they did their thing and there were a
zillion and Tifa protesters these are
some of the things that an Tifa was
saying outside of the White House quote
it takes a bullet to bash a fash okay
that's a little violent they said a
murder Trump murder Trump do him like
Gaddafi the Libyan dictator who
not did not have a happy end couple
years ago a few years ago another sign I
can't believe I have to protest Nazis in
2018 but you don't have to protest Nazis
in 2018 there are virtually no Nazis in
the country there are statistically zero
Nazis in the country there are under
police guard because they would have
been killed all of them you know if they
had been without protection and they're
all I mean look the left is promising
that right they're saying we're gonna
shoot these people it takes a bullet to
bash a fash you don't have to protest
Nazis it's very hard you know it's very
hard for the left right now because
everything is going so well the economy
foreign policy domestic affairs
everything is going so well so they have
to invent boogeymen they have to invent
these Nazis they say it's 2018 we have
to we have to protest Nazis no you don't
just let them have their little stupid
thing and nothing's gonna happen don't
there are 20 of these people in the
country
don't it's okay where does the threat
really lie where does the threat really
lie is it a these Nazis these neo Nazis
where they can get 20 of them at their
national rally if that or does it lie in
actual threats to the country you know
last week this was covered up by the
mainstream media very few people covered
this there was a terrorist training
school that was discovered in New Mexico
Suraj eben hua Hodge was caught along
with some other adults training these
children keeping them in deplorable
conditions and training them for school
shootings to carry out jihad to carry
out terrorist attacks
now does that name sound familiar Suraj
eben WA Hodge probably not but if it
does that's because his father was a
co-conspirator in the 1993 World Trade
Center bombing where does the threat
really lie where does the threat really
live from these fringe in the crazy
right-wing type season at white
nationalists there are five of them in
the country where does it lie in Muslim
terrorists who have attacked our country
many times we just stopped to plot last
week does it line and Tifa who is
getting violent which is getting violent
which is threatening to murder the
president but beyond that is actually
roughing up journalists you know it this
is the attacks on the media of the most
transparent here how many times have we
heard Donald Trump is attacking the
press he's assaulting the press Trump
supporters are assaulting the press the
press is unsafe well look back
the weekend at the union Unite the right
rally which was really unite the left
because the only people at these rallies
were left wingers look at that some
media were attacked there they weren't
attacked by the right here is some
footage from an NBC reporter
that wasn't a Nazi attacking the
reporter that wasn't a white nationalist
it wasn't any of those guys who was at
lefties it was an Tifa they were
attacking an NBC reporter named Cal
Perry so you saw that you can actually
see it in the clip right the camera goes
down clearly this guy takes a SWAT at
the reporter either to grab the camera
and knock the camera down hit the
reporter we're talking about physical
violence we're talking about physical
battery how did NBC report a physical
assault on its own reporter did they say
ante fuh attacks the media and to the
left attacks journalists no NBC NAT
Sunday today reported quote and Tifa
heckled reporters heckled is that is
that what heckling is when you guys take
a swing at somebody it's right over rip
their gear at steal their possessions is
that heckling I don't know about that is
that a bill de blasio the bolshevik
mayor of New York
he threw a post reporter away he got he
got his bodyguards to drag away a post
reporter for asking him a question that
you don't really see Donald Trump do
that you don't really see the Trump
supporters do that do you what when the
left actually attacks the media the
media say that that they were heckled
when the right heckles the media the
media say that they were attacked isn't
that unbelievable you remember this
story from last week Jim Acosta Ron
Burgundy Ron Burgundy of CNN is
surrounded by Trump supporters and their
heckling him they're not physically
intimidating him they're not punching
him they're not grabbing his camera or
his microphone they're just heckling him
they're saying CNN isn't very good you
know CNN is fake news whatever and he
said this was an attack were under
physical threat just roll the clip here
here is Jim Acosta discussing this it
goes to the press so it goes to some
other things that just make his base get
into a frenzy and and forget all the
other stuff that's what it is
it's a big shiny silver ball at the
detriment of a Free Press
that's a serious moment in a serious
place and Jim Acosta's life in my
opinion was in jeopardy that night there
was a safety issue
his life was in jeopardy Jim Acosta's
life was in jeopardy do we have the clip
of Jim Acosta discussing this event
himself well I see I mean honestly it
felt like we weren't in America anymore
I don't know how to put it any more
plainly than that Americans should not
be treating their fellow Americans in
this way but unfortunately what we've
seen and this has been building for some
time since the campaign I've been I've
been talking about this as an issue
since the campaign when the president
during the campaign referred to us as
the dishonest media the disgusting news
media liar scum and thieves and so on
and then he rolled that right into the
Oval Office and started calling as fake
news and the enemy of the people
he is whipping these crowds up into a
frenzy to the point where they really
want to come after us at what point was
Jim Acosta's life in jeopardy was he
were the were the mean signs gonna
attack him we're the funny jokes about
him gonna attack him was he going to
drown and laughter was that what was
going to attack him of course he's not
his life was in jeopardy
whereas however on the other hand those
NBC reporters that were out there were
being physically attacked where their
lives in jeopardy I don't know but you
had thugs left-wing thugs wearing masks
carrying weapons
you had them attacking reporters
physically attacking reporters so why
don't why don't the media report on this
aren't that the only explanation is that
the media don't actually care they don't
actually think their lives are in
jeopardy
they don't actually worried about their
reporters being attacked they're pushing
a narrative they have there has been a
narrative that is predetermined before
the 2016 election that was predetermined
a long long time ago and they are going
to push for it which is that the right
is violent aggressive a threat to the
country a threat to our democratic
republic a threat to the constitutional
order and the left is the cure the left
is what is going to save them now the
trouble is the reality doesn't work that
way you know what's the line about the
left they say who cares if a works in
practice does it work
in theory it doesn't matter they're
gonna stick to the script they're gonna
stick to the narrative so this brings us
to the Gavin McGinnis of it all you
might have seen this over the weekend
Gavin
he's been on our show I've been on his
show a couple times he was banned from
Twitter
Gavin now Gavin founded the proud boys
which is this group of I think they call
themselves Western chauvinists and you
know they're there they want to be an
answer to an Tifa they say we're not
gonna let you beat up our guys on the
street and you know it's a bunch of
young guys they're pumping full of
testosterone and energy sure they
twitter decided to ban Gavin why did
they ban Gavin did he violate Twitter's
rules no he didn't there's no evidence
that he violated any of Twitter's rules
there's no tweet you can point to that
says this is in violation there's
certainly no recent tweet that you can
point to say this is why he got banned
from Twitter but this comes just after
last week when Jack Dorsey the head of
Twitter said we're not gonna ban Alex
Jones because Alex Jones hasn't violated
the rules okay you're not gonna ban Alex
Jones then why are you banning Gavin
they banned Gavin two days before the
unite the right rally because they find
the proud boys implicated and unite the
right last year some of the pradd boys
were enthusiastic about unite the right
now Gavin McGinnis for his part has
totally disavowed the alternative right
the white nationalists he hasn't said I
isn't say I'm a racist I'm a white
nationalist I support no he doesn't now
he's a provocateur he's a comedian but
he has said explicitly I am NOT a racist
and I don't I don't support white
supremacy or white nationalism they
booted him anyway they booted him anyway
this is what I told you would happen I
told you this what happened last week
when they were hitting Alex Jones and I
said we have to defend the shirtless
vitamin salesman I know conservatives
don't want to they find it is unsavory
it's uncouth to defend Alex Jones to say
Oh pish posh
I'm not like him I don't think that the
water is turning the frogs gay I don't
take my shirt off frequently in public I
you know I don't try to sell people
vitamins I don't want to defend Alex
Jones I say well it's coming first for
Alex Jones they go first for Alex Jones
because he's the easiest to boot he's so
easy nobody wants to defend him on the
right or the left so they get rid of
Jones and YouTube and Facebook did that
Twitter it didn't quite do it but then
Jack Dorsey is under so much pressure he
must be under so much insane pressure
from the left to censor people Italy
just gave in on Gavin McGinnis so now
Gavin McGinnis is getting banned on
social media
Gavin's a little whore
and Alex Jones but they banned Alex
Jones to establish the principle that
they're gonna start censoring more
mainstream people you know Gavin
McGinnis has been on Fox News a zillion
times Gavin McGinnis co-founded vice
media Vice magazine Gavin is a comedian
he's an actor he's a provocateur you
know he's got his talk shows and
everything this is not some like fringe
Nazi who's you know out there marching
for a white ethno state he's a little
bit more but now he's not totally
mainstream right he's not he's still
kind of punk rock vice media right but
they establish the principle with Alex
Jones now they're gonna push it to Gavin
McGinnis and he Gavin sent out a
statement when they banned him they said
you know they're coming for you next
they're gonna go for it probably gonna
go for breitbart.com then they're gonna
go for the Daily Caller or now no no
daily call and now you're getting way
more mainstream then they're gonna go
for the daily wire and I'm sure they're
coming for us
they've already on these big tech
companies censored our show my show in
particular they've censored Roos show
they've censored the ben shapiro show
and at various times they let us live
now but who knows they are just
establishing the principle because the
left is furious the left has their
narrative that the right is a threat to
the constitutional order the right is
violent we can point out that the left
is the is the group being violent until
we are blue in the face we can we can
shout that from the rooftops
do we have that this is what Gavin is
known for this is not some huge Nazi
this is what Gavin is probably best
known for on the internet hey guys a lot
of you out there are scared of babies
you don't know what to do oh my god
they're doing anything I'm so scared I
don't handle it they are easy peas to
handle I'm gonna show you how okay
there's a lot of different moves you can
do to kick a baby's ass hold them under
the arms up like this and then Salaam
this is a very little known technique
for fighting babies they're one excuse
me they're one Achilles heel is we need
you think you got what it takes
you think you can take your old man a
lot of the fear of babies is assuming
that their punches or their scratches of
their slaps hurt they don't actually
hurt watch this does it hurt a lot of
people in the kid community think that
tickling is not fighting that's not true
you just scratch my eyes uh you just got
me right in the eye you just scratched
my actual eyeball so yeah dealing with
babies is nothing to be afraid of just
keep their nails trim and you're good
that's it that's the violent Gavin to
begin as he is I mean look at that you
think I can't even beat a baby the baby
took him down that is it and look does
does Gavin is he provocative yes does he
go too far sometimes
sure does he had people on the show who
were genuinely bad people absolutely
yeah Gavin's whole shtick is he's gonna
provoke he's gonna be funny he's gonna
have sometimes bad people come on sure
is that worth censoring him is that why
we should censor him no the clip that
has actually been going around Twitter
to shit to prove that Gavin is this evil
guy and further further this way of
banning conservatives is this clip in
which he's talking to I think Steve
Mossberg and he says that violence
sometimes solves problems here he is
expect on the heels of what happened to
Milo that something might be happening
because of what happened at UC Berkeley
we were told we were told that they were
going to exact as they had made Facebook
pages and Twitter and New York ante file
was coming to disrupt they made it very
clear that they were gonna kick my I
didn't know they were gonna be using
bear mace that was a surprise but NYU
had a back door we could have gone in
and I said no I'm not going in the back
door I'm not ashamed so all of us got
together we went through the front door
but then they only let me in so the guys
who is score to be there were left to
fight and luckily they're great fighters
so they fought back and two of them
ended up in jail but uh overall was a
really fun night and I cannot recommend
violence enough it is a really effective
way to solve problems so he's getting in
trouble for this one has to remember
Gavin is a comedian he it when he goes
on TV I think in that clip right there
it says Gavin actor a commentator
comedian he says things that are funny
so what you expect him to say as
violence isn't the answer but what he's
saying is look these lefties were fear
violent there you know I had to be
escorted in I had to go in so clearly
violence does do something it does solve
problems but this is to be provocative
this is out there just as far as Gavin's
point goes violence does solve some
problems right it did solved a couple
world wars you know it's all of you this
is not to recommend violence and civil
discourse this is not to recommend
violence and the domestic front or
anything like that but just just compare
these two cases I'll use these two cases
to show my point
Gavin McGinnis who is a provocateur
comedian commentator broadcaster make
some jokes about violence make some
jokes about violence on a TV show the
vice chairman of the or the deputy
chairman of the Democratic National
Committee keith Ellison is being accused
of beating women
Gavin McGinnis wrestles his baby
wrestles his baby in a video and then
the baby beaten and he tickles the baby
and then the baby beats him the Vice
deputy chair the deputy chairman of the
DNC keith Ellison is accused of beating
women by his ex-girlfriend and by her
son which one is getting play in the
media which guy is getting kicked off
Twitter this keith Ellison kicked off of
Twitter no cuz he didn't make a video
wrestling a baby so he doesn't get
kicked oh no it's Gavin gets kicked off
Twitter keith Ellison listen to these
accusations look I get it we're in an
election cycle sometimes there are false
accusations that come out this happens
with some frequency so I again it's not
that you have to believe these things
but they're being treated with no
seriousness by the mainstream media big
tech isn't saying they're going to
censor him the mainstream media or not
taking the seriously I'll read the
accusations for you that you can decide
what you think yourself this is from the
son of an ex-girlfriend of keith Ellison
quote my name is Austin Monahan and I'm
writing this letter on behalf of me and
my brother my brother and I watched our
mom come out of pure hell after getting
out of her relationship with keith
Ellison deputy chairman of the DNC for
several months we knew something wasn't
right and couldn't figure it out
when we asked our mom if everything was
okay she told us she was dealing with
some stress and would be okay in the
middle of 2017 I was using my mom's
computer trying to download something
and I clicked on a file I found
over a hundred texts and Twitter
messages and video almost two minutes
long that showed keith Ellison dragging
my mama off the bed by her feet
screaming and calling her an effing lady
dog you can fill that in and telling her
to get the F out of his house the
messages I found were mixed with him
constantly consistently telling my mom
he wanted her back he missed her he knew
he act up and he wished he could do
things different he would victim shaming
bully her and threatened her if she went
public I text him and told him I know
what you did to my mom and a few other
things I met up with my mom that night
and asked her what happened she said
nothing happened until I told her I saw
a video and hell of a lot of messages
saying something different she finally
talked my brother and I were so angry
and hurt for our mom we were ready to go
public but our mom begged us not to and
she along with others convinced us it
wasn't in our mom's best interest so
that's that's the testimony from the
Kitty's using his own name it it is
using his mother's name the mother are
now is is making these allegations - it
seems and so at least their names are on
this I get it it's a foreign election
but the story isn't logically impossible
plenty of women in abusive situations
don't want to talk about it
perhaps the majority of them don't want
to talk about it want it to go away they
feel embarrassed they feel some shame
for it now this is coming out at keith
Ellison is a pretty radical dude again
that doesn't mean he definitely did this
but these are the allegations that are
coming out how are the mainstream media
reporting this the deputy chairman of
the Democratic Committee accused of
beating women the LA Times this is this
is I'll just run down the list
LA Times Ellison denies abuse
allegations by the way this is like the
first time they're covering it I'm not
saying this is the third article about
this these are the headlines when you
google Ellison abuse LA Times Ellison
denies abuse allegations CBS Ellison
denies abuse allegations People magazine
Ellison denies abuse allegations the
route Ellison denies Politico Ellison
denies HuffPo Ellison denies Washington
Post Ellison denies Vox Ellison denies
Daily Beast
Ellison denies Yahoo news Ellison denies
only NPR only National Public Radio
the headline the actual news headline
congressman accused of domestic abuse by
former girlfriend now it doesn't say
Democrat congressman I'm sure if it were
a Republican it would say Republican
congressman doesn't say that it doesn't
say deputy chairman of the Democratic
National Committee accused but at least
NPR says accused of this congressman has
been accused of domestic abuse all the
rest jump right into it they say he
denies these allegations
he's accused he denies it though that's
not the story the story isn't the need
denies of course he denies it the story
is that he was accused at all that there
were these allegations out there that a
woman has said that compare this to how
they covered Roy Moore do you remember
why more that flawed candidate over
there in Alabama these have been in
public politics for however many years
and right before that campaign there
these allegations that he hit on fifteen
year olds at the mall when he was thirty
or something like that and the
mainstream media descended they they
crucified this guy for it now there was
some evidence that that the the evidence
here had been doctored actually we knew
that there was that the evidence had
been doctored nevertheless he's a
pedophile he's of this he's a scumbag
he's of this or whatever keith ellison
deputy chairman of the DNC accused of
beating a woman accused by the woman
accused by her son he denies it he did
it's not this isn't a story he denies it
if this is really vicious I mean this is
awful talk about a war on women they're
believing this guy instantly not even a
question not even a question
he might have beaten this woman the old
line in politics is that when you're
running a campaign you ask your opponent
when did you stop beating your wife
because there's no there's no good
answer that you can't say yo yesterday
or we do this it just assumes guilt the
media are doing exactly the opposite
they're assuming innocence they're
assuming that this woman who's saying
that she was beaten by keith ellison
they're assuming that she's a liar
you're just assuming so what happened to
like you have to believe the women what
happened to there's no reason for women
to make up these stories what happened
to me to what happened to all of that
gone gone because they're going after a
democrat they're going after a high
ranking democrat and they're gonna
circle the wagons around him really
really vicious stuff and it just shows
the corruption of the mainstream media
before we go i think we have a little
more time before we have to go don't we
do we have to say goodbye to facebook
and youtube
we got okay we got a little bit more
time the I do want to cover Omarosa so
Omarosa you know she was the reality
star from The Apprentice she worked in
the Trump White House in the reality
star White House she is she's making
some serious allegations against Donald
Trump she's saying that he's a racist
he's a bigot he's of this she's pushing
her book called unhinged another example
of I know you are but what am i that's
what we should we should call today I
know you are but what am i this famously
crazy reality TV store is is putting out
a book called unhinged here are some of
her so she's made the allegations that
he's a racist in the past she said he's
not a racist she then secretly recorded
a chief of staff John Kelly firing her
in the Situation Room how she got the
tape
who knows but she's recording him in the
Situation Room here's the tape we got to
talk to you about leaving the White
House it's part of my attention over the
last few months that there's been some
pretty in my opinion significant
integrity ask you a couple questions
does the president is president aware of
don't let's not go down the road this is
a non-negotiable discussion I don't want
to negotiate I just I've never talked
had a chance to talk to you to don't
kind of so that this is my departure I'd
like to have at least an opportunity
understand you can we can talk another
time this has to do with some pretty
serious bodily integrity violations so
let it go with that so the staff and
everyone on the staff works for me not
the president
so John Kelly says you're being fired
because you have no integrity and what
does she do she proves it exactly right
in the moment by the way not in
retrospect in the moment she is
recording the chief of staff to the
president in the Situation Room huge
violation of national security
huge violation of even just regular
decorum to to record your boss certainly
when your boss is the chief of staff to
the president United States you're in
the West Wing she proves them exactly
right that this should be the end of the
conversation she says I've got a secret
tape of John Kelly telling me that I
have no integrity yes we're correct yeah
okay then
everything John Kelly says I'll believe
everything you say I won't believe we'll
we'll analyze some of her lack of
integrity and where this is going where
the left is focusing on it I got a thing
about a Facebook and YouTube thank you
so much to those who are on Daily wire
you helped keep my show on the air you
know you help keep the lights on and you
know I've never felt like we've had a
really close call with that over the
years but I mean we really appreciate
you anyway go to daily wired.com if
you're on facebook and youtube you'll
get me you'll get the intro claiming
sure you get the Ben Shapiro show you
get to ask questions in the mailbag
that's on Thursday ask questions in the
conversation that's coming up and I'm
gonna be on it none of that matters this
is what you need you need the anti-shah
brew because here's what here's what's
gonna keep happening as we get to the
midterms and Tifa is gonna show up
they're gonna be ready to bash the bash
with bullets and clubs and they're gonna
be ready and then are going to get there
in our community fascists they're gonna
they're so ready they're gonna and what
are they're probably hit each other
they're gonna start hitting the media or
something either way they're gonna be a
lot of Tears you're gonna need the
leftist fears Templar otherwise you're
gonna drown go to Delhi we're calm we'll
be right back I'm gonna defend Stephen
Miller I'm going to attack Omarosa and
then I'm gonna show you my favorite
baseball player in history be right back
all right so you saw that obviously
there are integrity issues here but now
she's saying that she has a tape of
Donald Trump saying a racial slur and
you heard this you know we had Tom
Arnold Tom Arnold's doing this whole TV
show on Vice land about he has Trump
tapes what are the tapes of I don't know
but he has tapes of him being a racist
and saying slurs and all this and what's
funny by the way is in that interview
with Tom Arnold
he made this allegation and then he
later said it doesn't it's not a big
deal people use racial slurs sometimes
as they're joking or whatever and you
know let he who is without sin cast the
first stone
I said well you said this was the
biggest deal ever is is Trump some
vicious racist or not but by the
evidence he doesn't seem to have any
animus against black people the black
unemployment rate is at an all-time low
he hasn't singled out individual races
and tried to oppress them or
over-regulate them or you know go after
them in any way everybody is doing
better in this economy he talks about
that all the time Donald Trump says we
all bleed the same blood of patriots you
know we're all all in this together
all for one and one for all and I'm Rosa
was saying this not too long ago she was
saying Donald Trump is not a racist
certainly he is not a racist I've known
him for a long time certainly he's not a
racist now she's trying to turn it
around for her book deal to sell her
book she's saying yeah I was wrong you
should believe me now she is without any
credibility issues without any integrity
they're trying to do this now because
one for her because she's a jilted
ex-employee yeah we've all heard this
before but the left is doing this now
they're going after these ephemeral
things they're going after these
ethereal things they're going after
these can't quite grasp but nothing
really tangible because they have
nothing tangible to run on in November
the midterm elections are coming up and
their hands are empty everything is
going to well so there you're gonna see
this ramp up and ramp up they're gonna
censor more and more conservatives and
they're gonna start really really
personal attacks that's what we're gonna
get you're seeing the censorship happen
already I didn't think it would happen
this quickly but they're going after
Gavin who comes next
probably another
next it's gonna be someone who's a
little less of a comedian but you know
still maybe a little bit of a comedian
he's a little too far right he's a
little too provocative then they'll go
after him then they'll start going after
just regular old mainstream pundits and
commentators that's that's the way this
is gonna go they're gonna ramp up all
the way through November that's gonna be
the censorship side and then these
personal attacks there was a really
vicious personal attack
I am shocked Politico would publish this
even Politico as you as much of a rag as
Politico is I'm shocked even they would
stoop to this level but they're gonna
keep ramping that up you're gonna get
this with Omarosa these unhinged
unhinged I know you are but what am i
it's gonna keep up until until the
midterms
now Stephen Miller speaking of that
attack on Stephen Miller there's an
article today in Politico headline made
Apple News I'm a Drudge Stephen Miller
is an immigration hypocrite I know
because I'm his uncle
talk about awkwardness around the
Thanksgiving table you know you go home
and sometimes it's a little awkward
families have different political points
of view this guy is writing a hit piece
about his own nephew absolutely
despicable the guy should be ashamed of
himself just on the principle of the
thing but here's what he writes he goes
quote I've watched with dismay and
increasing horror as my nephew who is an
educated man and well aware of his
heritage has become the architect of
immigration policies that repudiate the
very foundation of our families life in
this country so what's the point the
point is that Stephen Miller's family
came over as immigrants and therefore he
can never advocate any limits on
immigration to the United States just
more more emigrate just as much as no
open borders knock down the walls no
immigration law because if you descend
from immigrants and you don't want open
borders you're a hypocrite that's what
this piece is saying which is one of the
stupidest arguments I mean you would
think Politico wouldn't publish the
piece because about tawdry and personal
it is but even beyond that it's such a
stupid argument right now in the United
States the the foreign-born population
the percentage of the population that is
foreign-born has tripled since the 1970s
as a raw number I think it's quadrupled
but it's tripled as a percentage of the
population since the 1970s
is there no limit to the percentage of
the u.s. population that should be
foreign-born look where we're at the
melting pot right we take in immigrants
it was a nation that was founded by
settlers and we had early immigrants
come in from the old world to the new
it's not that America has never welcomed
immigrants or shouldn't welcome him rich
at all but is there no limit what is the
limit you know it assimilation is hard
the way that America works is when you
come over here you abandon your terrible
culture that you're fleeing and you come
into our culture and then you have like
a good life you know and you make money
and you're at prosperous and successful
and you contribute to the country there
is a limit to that if you if you just
have I don't know let's say it's 50/50
foreign-born to native-born population
or 70/30 foreign-born to native-born
population at a certain point there is
no culture to assimilate to anymore you
can't it's under the best of
circumstances assimilation is very hard
but we've been good at it in the United
States but you can't keep that up
forever and you've got to take some care
to assimilate people now we have a left
that doesn't want assimilation doesn't
advocate for assimilation whatsoever
there is a limit to these things so I
would ask the author of this piece David
Glosser Stephen Miller's uncle okay if
you if you descend from immigrants
you're a hypocrite
what limits do you think are legitimate
to place on immigration what's the limit
so the percentage of the foreign-born
population now is as tripled since 1970s
its way up since the 40s 50s the 60s you
know that period of American dominance
that period of assimilation what limit
what limit do you place is there no
limit is it just open borders okay
because that is that is very ridiculous
it's it's saying that any change to
immigration regimes is hypocrisy but
advocating different immigration
policies at different times in history
that's not hypocrisy that's
acknowledging the politics changes that
the makeup of the country changes that
the makeup of our politics changes you
know it's not you you don't have the
same policy solutions now as you had in
the 1980s or the 1970s or the 1880s you
have to adapt them to changing times
here are some facts on immigration if we
were to give amnesty to the so-called
dreamers people who were brought to the
United States illegally under the age of
18 though now they could be 40 years old
but they were brought under the age of
Democrats say that that would give
amnesty to 1.8 million people in reality
the USA Today estimates it's more like
3.6 million people that's just the
dreamers no majority of Americans wants
that to happen not even Democrats not
they don't the majority of Democrats
don't think that that should be a
priority we also know that Hispanic
illegal aliens and Hispanic illegal
immigrants which is what a lot of people
are talking about on the southern border
they identify with Democrats between
three and eight point two times as much
as they identify with Republicans
they're between three and eight point
two times it's likely to be to identify
Democrat as Republican this is a major
shift to our politics if we're talking
about legalizing millions and millions
and millions of these people giving them
amnesty giving them a path to
citizenship giving them a path to voting
that is a major shift I understand why
Democrats are gung-ho about that but
there is a legitimate concern that that
will change our politics dramatically we
also know that 76 percent of immigrant
led households are on some sort of
welfare program over two-thirds of them
this compares to 52% of the native-born
population that's a change look in the
before the 1940s we had relatively high
levels of immigration not quite as high
as today but comparable 1920s 1930s but
back then we didn't really have a
welfare state did we the welfare state
as we know it was built during the 1930s
in the 1940s and then later the 1960s so
if you have all of this immigration
that's fine but what happens when
they're at taxpayer subsidized programs
and huge numbers disproportionate
numbers do the taxpayers not get some
say in that do they is it
are they bigots or the hypocrites are
they racists for saying hey we don't
want to keep giving away all of our
money to all of these people who are
coming and not contributing to the
economy and not contributing to to
federal programs is that racist is that
bigoted of course not we also know that
in many areas illegal aliens or
forty-five percent more likely to be
gang members is it hypocritical is it
hypocritical and racist and bigoted for
for Americans to say we want to vet some
people we don't want to keep importing
gang members and criminals on mass is
that of course not that's not
hypocritical and then the final
statistic 60 to 80 percent of
women who crossed the border illegally
or raped and sexually assaulted it's not
according to the right
that's according to left-wing sources
fusion and Huffington Post is that are
you a hypocrite if you don't want that
to happen if you want to disincentivize
that because mister Glosser steven
miller is uncle he seems to advocate for
more of that so you want to incentivize
a condition where 60 to 80 percent of
women and girls are raped how do you
like it how do you like these personal
attacks how do you like that because i
think perhaps that the right should
start employing some of these attacks
real attacks using real numbers using
real facts against the lefties they try
to make their fact free emotional appeal
we should have a fact full emotional
appeal to point out their own hypocrisy
and the the moral idiocy of their point
of view before i go i know we're running
a little late i just have to play this
point for this is america my all-time
favorite baseball player now in history
care of the Little League World Series
here he is my name is Alfred Aaliyah at
home they call me Big Al and I hit
dingers I love that kid that kid is
America this clip went viral it's from
the Little League World Series and the
internet loves this kid why because this
kid is America we did that whole thing
about soccer you know during the World
Series I had we went over to Delhi wire
to or a sister Network and had our
sports correspondent come on the
god-king boring this is a real American
sport you got this kid goes up there
totally confident this is my name they
call me Big Al now if this were soccer
it'd be like they call me little they
call me eco-friendly al they call you
they call me recycling now they call me
thin quaffed al no not an America baby
this kid goes up they call me Big Al you
know why I'm big so that I can hit
dinners I hit dearness that just the
sound of that it's not like if it were a
soccer right he'd say like I'm I'm you
know quaffed
Al and I lightly kicked the ball down
the field and we don't ever score
because it but a kick it and then our
teammates kick it
that would be soccer but this is America
he says I hit dingers I use a bat and
brute force and violence against a fast
pitched little
and then I knock it out of the park I
hit dingers baby and that's why I'm big
I'm not I'm not trying to be this sort
of scarce austere little low let's just
not hurt the trees or though there's no
baby I'm big bold I'm brash I'm America
just like baseball I do a real sport and
I hit dingers out of the park gotta love
him good good on big al good on America
that's our show thanks for being with us
and letting us get to 200 and well we're
gonna have to check in with myself in
the future at some point see what the
300th episode holds it'd be really
interesting to see how great everything
is going by that time so maybe we'll
check in with him in the future
in the meantime I'm Michael Knowles this
is the Michael Nolt show I'll see you
tomorrow
the Michael Nolt show is produced by
seniya Villarreal executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer
Mathis Glover and our technical producer
is Austin Stevens edited by Jim nickel
audio is mixed by Mike Cora Mena hair
and makeup is by Jeshua alvera the
Michael Knowles show is a daily wire for
word publishing production copyright for
word publishing 2018
you
