last week our own ben shapiro sent out a
challenge to queens congressional
candidate alexandria Google eyes cortez
shapiro offered to contribute $10,000 to
the bubble-headed ames campaign if she
would debate him miss google i said she
did not respond to the challenge to
debate because quote and I am NOT making
this quote up I promise just like cat
calling I don't owe a response to
unsolicited requests from men with bad
intentions unquote to check out this
fluffy brain dolls claim that Shapiro
was cat calling her when he asked her a
politician to debate I went to speak to
Ben at the construct construction site
on Sunset Boulevard where he hangs out
most days Shapiro or the kosher Casanova
as he sometimes called or sometimes the
levite lothario was busy shouting at the
passing women quote hubba-hubba look at
the brains on that baby I'd sure like to
get a look at your ideas sweetheart we
could make beautiful conversation
together if we debated I would crush
your most cherished beliefs because I
know you like your debates rough hot
stuff hubba-hubba
unquote all right that's probably just
the general approximation of the way Ben
actually talks but you know it's pretty
close
anyway this being Los Angeles many of
the passing women seem to be offended by
Shapiro's remarks and in fact one of
them responded quote don't get any ideas
because I sure don't have any after all
I'm a leftist so I'm not that kind of
girl unquote as for Miss Google is
Cortes herself she says the encounter
with the smoldering Schapiro and his
red-hot game has triggered her and
caused her to display signs of me to
trauma bursting into tears mr. Cortes
told reporters quote I just feel so
dirty and ashamed
I feel like everyone is staring at my
ideas and thinking they don't measure up
unquote which okay it's probably true
but it's not your pee Rosa fault
trigger warning on drew Clavin and this
is the Andrew Clavin show
all right the Clavin last weekend is
over ended with kind of a bang for Peter
struck you got fired that was happening
just as I came in when trying to talk
about that a little bit more tomorrow we
have our usual Monday cultural report
with Cassie Dylan you know we have to
work with the people who still work here
obviously meanwhile before we get to
that we want to talk about honey honey
is one of the greatest things ever I am
not kidding about this all it is is you
you sign on to this thing for absolutely
free right it takes I don't know it took
me about 15 seconds to get on it
then it works in your computer and it
finds deals for you it gives you coupons
for the things you are buying the things
you already want to buy it's on sites
like Amazon eBay Walmart New Age ecru
and more and it has saved people over
eight hundred million dollars I shows up
everywhere I mean I do like a lot of my
shopping on Amazon that's where I do
most of my shopping and it's constantly
giving me these deals it's just it just
happens did you just go to the the place
where you sign out the checkout place
and it just deducts forty-five cents a
dollar fifty if you're buying a book or
something right now you can get my book
my book I just checked it before going
on the great good thing going it gives
you like a dollar seventy something off
the but you just just for nothing but
that's on top of Amazon's our discount
already it's just terrific there's no
reason not to use honey it's free and it
installs in just two clicks get honey
for free right now
at join honey calm slash Andrew that's
join honey dot-com slash Andrew no deals
because it's free and then gives you all
the deals you could imagine make sure
you put in Andrew so they know we sent
you here is what we learned today from
the this weekend from these marches all
the hate in this country is on the left
all of it all of it is on the left does
that mean there's no hateful person on
the right of course not
hateful people everywhere involved with
every single philosophy but there is a
big difference between hateful
individuals and a hateful philosophy
because I hateful philosophy taints and
pollutes the minds of everyone it
touches and you know it's it's like
Christianity versus Islam they want to
attack Christianity so they find some
guy who goes out and maybe he does
violence in the name of Christ
does the Pope support him no does a
pastor support him no does anyone in the
Christian community the mainstream
Christian community support violence in
the name of Christ absolutely not that
guy is out there by himself just a crazy
loon doing what crazy loons do that says
nothing about the philosophy but when an
Islamist goes out and commits violence
you can find plenty of mainstream
Muslims who say well he may have gone
too far but well you know he'd you know
I didn't approve of that but you can
find those guys and that is something
that the decent Muslim community has to
address it has to say know what wait
we're gonna have to reform this we've
got a problem in our philosophy in our
mainstream and that is what is happening
on the Left here's here's what happened
it was the anniversary of that
demonstration in Charlottesville right
mean the woman was killed by one crazed
right winger an alt right winger who
drove a car into him so he's a crazy guy
and they said we're gonna commemorate
this in Charlottesville and in
Washington DC and we're gonna have the
white unite the right I think they
called it nobody shows up for the white
supremacy deal nobody I mean like 20
guys so this is like you know it's like
a handful of clowns
pushing there it's just identity
politics by the way it's not something
that the right wing approves of anyway
it's something they left to prove Zeff
it's a creation of the left but let's
say they associate themselves with the
right I'm going to accept them as some
kind of you know part of the right wing
the left pours into both these places
with an Tifa they are violent violent
vile ugly there weren't that many
violent incidences but the cop got
attacked reporters got attacked the
filth that was coming out of I mean
let's let's look at just what they were
chanting I mean these are this is a
mainstream part of this demonstration in
DC let's just listen to what they're
chanting this is cut number four
no border no wall no USA at all no USA
they went though USA wiped off the face
of the map they wanted to disappear that
is that not hateful yeah I think that's
hateful you said that about any other
country it would certainly be hateful
but that is that is mainstream well let
me put it another way it may not be
mainstream leftist thought but the
mainstream is on a spectrum with that
and does not disapprove of it now let's
listen to the speech by the right-wing
guy he is he describes himself as white
identity politics his name is Jason
Kessler he shows up to give this speech
it's pitiful right he's this bar guys
there you know I mean that's that's it
that's it there's 20 guys they're in
favor of whiteness I guess who knows
what the hell they're in favor of listen
to his speech a lot of folks are
deliberately misconstruing white
identity politics today and something
that's endorsing the KKK or neo-nazis
and I think in fact there are a lot of
people in the all right who are
encouraging that by trying to be these
cartoon Nazis and deliberately stupid
and hateful and I just gotta say I mean
I thank the alt-right to some extent for
waking me up to the fact that my people
had a voice and had people who are going
to stand up for them
but I gotta say a lot of the jokes just
aren't funny anymore give it a rest we
got to be honest we got to be sincere
there is a way forward to help white
folks but we cannot be associating with
hate or violence or oppression so even
like supremacist is against white
supremacy
even he even this guy is preaching
against hatred in the white soup it's
not a you know he calls it white
identity politics fair enough you know
that's what he wants to call it even he
is preaching against what the left is
preaching against why is one side
emboldened to go chanting down the
street destroy America why is one side
emboldened and the other guy is
basically tied in knots preaching
against his own supporters why is that
it's because one is a fringe group the
white supremacy people are a fringe
group if you want to attach them to the
they are way out there look go ask Ben
Shapiro what he thinks about white
supremacy gasps the most right-wing
politician you can find Ted Cruz Mike
Lee louie gohmert go ask him go ask them
they're gonna give them any credence at
all are they gonna say anything at all
that supports them no but if you ask the
people on the left about these guys you
know CNN talked about we'll talk about
leftism CNN has a has the what are they
call the lower third now they call the
lower third where it just says anti hate
groups demonstrates we have a picture
that underneath the demonstrations have
left the anti hate groups show up the
whilst The Washington Post says the same
thing anti hate groups show up as
right-wing you know white supremacy
rally fizzles anti hate groups so Bennie
Johnson of The Daily Caller went out and
asked these anti hate groups what they
would do if they came in touch with
Donald Trump he was cut number five
needs to learn how to clean
a Trump if it came down to it and it was
a group effort we'd have to do him like
a Daffy
like a toffee yeah what would you do Dom
truck showed up yeah come on
what's that I get attention come up I
would yes come on you would yeah looks
like you looks like you you've got a
system right there alright you better
stay away
how about you what would you do how was
this aah smack smack him yes
by the way Benny Johnson this is he was
the interviewer from the Daily Caller
he's reporting now that the Secret
Service is nothing too happy with some
of these threats to murder the president
that's what they're talking about
they're out there talking that they're
out there spewing this hate right
these are anti hate groups we're told
they're anti hate groups so basically I
mean this is a country of what 350
million people so basically the in this
country they could find around 200 white
supremacist I'm sorry but that is not an
issue that's not a problem right and who
and who's to blame for all this Donald
Trump here is Chuck Todd explaining why
Donald Trump is the blame look I think
we are in a pretty divided place today I
mean I think we are probably more
racially polarized today than we were a
year ago and as for the president since
Charlottesville think about the biggest
fight he's picked since Charlottesville
the anthem protestors with the NFL and
african-american players kneeling there
it's so I don't think if the president
has quote learned anything I think in
his mind he is seen that this is an
effective political strategy to keep his
base his base but I could tell you
pretty much every other Republican was
to be on a ballot in 2018 believes this
is that this is at the core of the
Republican Party suburban voter problem
right that it is the president's
continuation of using to be generous dog
whistles if Trump is using dog whistles
where are all the haters where are the
white supremacist always another way a
dog whistle works you can hear it only
only the highly trained ears of Chuck
Todd can hear the racism only the the
mythology created by the press can hear
this racism that's going on but where
are all the dogs if these are dog
whistles you know on the left on the
left you have maxine waters and brought
barbara Lee and Danny getting these are
all Congress people right these are
Congress people Andrew Karsen keith
Ellison from New York reg Meeks from Al
Green they're all going to Louis
Farrakhan rallies there
supporting louis farrakhan every single
one of them they're all of them going to
as well as you see them hugging him
clapping him let's listen to loose for
rockin for a minute I wonder will you
recognize saving I wonder will you see
the Satanic Jew and the synagogue of
Satan which has many races in it cuz
Satan has deceived the whole world then
think about the message that I was
blessed by God to give you today no no
think about what they're gonna say when
they have been so thoroughly and
completely unmasked whenever you read
that God has told the Jews to hear and
obey and they say I hear and I disobey
that's Satan openly disobeying God is
talking about the Jews he's talking
about the Satanic Jews The Satanic
synagogue that's what he's talking about
he's not banned from Twitter Alex Smith
Alex Jones is banned from Twitter but
not Louis Farrakhan he's posting that
stuff saying let's look at my takedown
of the Satanic Jews that's what he's
saying and and wait you know where the
right where the right-wing congressmen
showing up at white supremacist rallies
where are they where are they where are
the right-wing congressmen they don't
exist but the New York Times does the
New York Times supports identity
politics they've got Sarah John on their
editorial board who hates white men why
you know why is it wrong for this poor
Jason Kessler to get 20 people together
to celebrate white men if they can have
on their editorial board this hateful
person you know the New York Times is
Jones they are Alex Jones they support
the lies and the hate and the conspiracy
theories with their Russian collusion
their op-ed is one attack on Trump after
another they are Alex Jones you work for
the New York Times you work for Alex
Jones the people you are with are Alex
Jones they're not banned their hate
hatred isn't Bennett all they hate all
of it philosophically all the
philosophical hate is on the left the
hatred of America the hatred of people
who don't sign on the this termination I
mean the reason they call Trump a racist
and as I've said I you know you've heard
me pick on Trump a lot but I've never
said he's a racist I don't think he is a
races I think he's helping people in in
tough neighborhoods he's been doing it
from the beginning the reason they call
him a racist though is he doesn't total
left this line and that's their whole
routine let me just read to you let me
just read to you the New York Times
description of what happened right
called rally by white nationalist was
over almost before it began right away
why is that the headline why is that the
headline why isn't in violent anti-shah
and Tifa takes to the streets violent
leftists take to the streets in
anticipation of white rally why isn't it
that why isn't that the the line that
doesn't come in until graphs down long
graphs down the before they start to
mention that here's the let me just read
the opening after weeks of hype white
supremacist managed to muster just a
couple of dozen supporters on Sunday in
the nation's capital for the first
anniversary of their deadly rally in
Charlottesville Virginia finding
themselves greatly outnumbered by
counter protesters police officers and
representatives of the news media but
even with the low turnout almost no one
walked away with the sense that the
nation's divisions were any closer to
healing this is same things to come
where's the division where's the
division it's hateful leftists there are
hateful leftist there are large numbers
of hateful leftist who hate the USA who
says no USA at all there are lot where's
the division where's the division
there's there's no there's no like left
hateful leftist and then a massive bunch
of white supremacist on the other side
if there were where the hell were they
where are they you know produce them
produce the evidence almost no one walk
to
how do they know almost no one walked
away maybe a lot of people walked I
walked away thinking well that's not a
problem obviously our problem in America
is not white supremacy it's obviously
not he goes on he says in Washington the
mere threat of another large turnout
from the far right coupled with a large
turnout from the far left among them
hundreds of black clad masked and
helmeted anti-fascist protesters known
as an tyfa seemed to indicate that the
united states was not over its turn
toward european-style politics by street
protests so that's that's essentially
saying that that it's like you know it's
like 1930's berlin and the left and the
right are taking to the streets and
battling each other but where's the
right where's the right-wing hate it
doesn't exist it's only all the hate is
at the new york times it's at the new
york times where they're sitting in
their editorial board with a woman who
thinks white men should die with a woman
who thinks everything in america is bad
because white men that you know that is
they are at and and they are now
promoting journalistic dishonesty in
their in their paper Thomas Friedman on
knucklehead Roe I forgot to load up the
song Roe but we have sing it tears sing
it quietly to yourselves and we will get
to Thomas Friedman on knuckle head row
the op-ed page in The New York Times he
writes some healthy soul-searching is
taking place in newsrooms across the
country these days over whether the
Mint's mainstream media should be
covering president donald trump's every
tweet and rally my answer absolutely
it's the right thing for us to do
professionally and as this week's
election results indicated it's the
right thing to do politically if you
want to see a check on donald trump's
power it appears that it's the toxic
lying bullying and unpresidential
behaviors that trump exhibits most in
his rallies and tweets which we in the
media so incessantly cover that is
turning off the very moderate
best-educated republicans and suburban
women that trump will need to hold the
GOP majority in the house let alone get
reelected so bring on the coverage in
other words he wants trump covered you
know in detail because he feels it hurt
him in the primaries remember in ohio
the democrat almost won and almost is
good enough for the democrats so he was
saying that coverage is helping him so
he's saying we should cover do what we
have to do to get democrats elected
that's what he's saying
newsrooms across the country do what and
by the way listen to what he thinks is
turning the tide he says I want every
American to know that to Trump
supporters were supported with 10,000
people in it right I want every American
to know that to Trump supporters were
spotted at the president's last rally in
Ohio wearing t-shirts that read I'd
rather be Russian than a Democrat that's
whom you're voting with when you vote
for Trump those two guys those two guys
wearing joke t-shirts there were in joke
t-shirts against the Democrats and not
shouting no USA at all that's who you're
voting for when you read Thomas Friedman
that's who you're reading when you read
Thomas Friedman listen to Friedman you
know Greg Gutfeld was making fun of him
saying yeah go ahead cover Trump it
worked real well for you last time and
Friedman called Greg a moron that's
that's the first thing he goes on now
just listen he's with Michael Smerconish
on CNN and here's Thomas Friedman
describing his strategy but that's the
question I would ask is how's it been
working in 2018 you see what happened in
2016 was Donald Trump was running
against Hillary Clinton and there were
we know from the polling there are a lot
of moderate Democrats as suburban women
independents they were just enough that
in a choice between Trump and Hillary
already to say really don't like Hillary
can't vote for her I think I'll take a
chance on Trump what's been happening
since over the last two years
Trump's been locked at 43 percent
approval 40 43 percent approval and
around 50 53 disapproval and I think one
of the key reasons for that and we saw
it in the Alabama senatorial election we
saw it in the Pennsylvania by-election
we saw it in the in the recent election
in Ohio is that that group of
independents moderate Republicans and
and others were ready to take a chance
on Trump versus Hillary are no longer
ready to do so because they've got the
proof of the last two years of his
incredibly divisive and toxic behavior
so there is Thomas Friedman putative
journalist suppose a journalist talking
about how to cover Trump so you heard
him how do you cover Trump so you heard
him
and now listen to the questions from her
cornish asks him after this so let me
play devil's advocate the polling data
that his standing among Republicans I
think the latest Gallup number is 89%
approval so where's the evidence of
these moderate Republicans who are
leaving isn't instead the explanation
for both the Ohio 12th or the
Pennsylvania special election that
there's great enthusiasm among Democrats
but not that Republicans are turning
their back on the president I don't
think so I think the polling I don't
think you can explain that big a gap in
in the Ohio election a district michael
that has not sent a Democrat to Congress
in over three decades almost sending one
now let alone the Alabama election I I'm
sure there is greater Democratic
enthusiasm but by the way let's say he's
lost you know he only has 89 percent
let's say is 80 percent among
Republicans he just narrowly won those
states
so those are two journalists discussing
the other guy said I'm playing devil's
advocate he didn't say I'm playing
devil's advocate maybe who should just
tell the truth
maybe we should just report the news
maybe we should hire some guys who
support Trump so we get that that's
playing down that would be playing devil
devil's advocate right he's not playing
he's saying maybe it won't work maybe it
won't work maybe there's another way how
do we hurt him best how do we there on
TV discussing this and then you know
brian Stelter is going to come on say no
no no we cover everything straight there
on television discussing how journalists
can report the news in such a way that
it hurts Donald Trump where is this
stuff on the right where is the hatred
on the right I mean where you know cops
were beaten up by these Anti Fog jerks
you know reporters that it was at NBC
NBC I think or ABC have an affiliates
audio cable cut and they're screaming at
the reporters they're screaming to get
your mic out of my face and all the
stall that you know the foul language
that they're using constantly now your
plate go ahead
yes and get that out of it no I got it
my guys on your side
he cut his audio they put out a
statement that was unacceptable they
didn't cover it they didn't put it out
on the news you know who doesn't want to
be seen by the press who doesn't want to
be seen by the press the people are
doing stuff that's wrong who doesn't
want to be on camera who wants to cut
your audio feed you know why and by the
way the cops the cops who exercise
restraint having these foul people you
know foul-mouthed him and didn't beat
the living daylights out of them good
for them good for the police but they're
there they're my hero for there were my
heroes for their restraint in dealing
with these clowns but where is this
stuff we're on the we're on the right
do you hear people saying we should
cover the news so that we hurt the left
where do you hear that you don't even
hear it on Fox you don't hear Brett
Baier saying that saying that he plays
it he plays it straighter than any
newsman on television I do not
understand I do not understand why
people go to work at the New York Times
knowing it's a hate-filled dishonest
paper where their top op-ed guy is
saying that they should lie or do it
whatever they can to destroy an
opposition candidate I don't understand
where there's any honor in that I don't
understand how you feel how you respect
yourself if you work for an organization
like that I mean it is just it is just
amazing all the hate all the dishonesty
is on the left and yet it's the right
who's getting censored it's the outlier
like Alex Jones they're worried about
instead of worrying about the true true
radicals like the New York Times and CNN
all right we got Cassie Dylan coming up
to discuss feminism my favorite thing
but come but we got to say goodbye to
Facebook and YouTube come on over the
Daily wire , and subscribe we need your
money and even if we didn't need it we
want it that badly that you should just
give it to us alright it's ten bucks a
month for a subscription a hundred bucks
for the year you get the leftist here's
tumblr you get all your problems solved
in the mailbag what's not to like Cassie
Dylan coming up
all right before
well let me introduce Cassie first and
then I'm gonna play we're gonna play the
F is for feminists okay
Cassie's Dylan is the founder of the
website loan conservative and has
contributed to the Wall Street Journal
campus reform and the hill she is a
staff writer here at the Daily wire
which is you know one of the one of the
many reasons why we have her on today's
we want to work with people who still
work here and so Cassie I'm going to
talk to you isn't an official woman I'm
going to talk to you about feminism but
first I want to play that my video from
the Lefty's dictionary I want to replay
in case people missed it afters for
feminism F F is for feminism feminism is
a movement to end the unfair treatment
of women by having women complain about
every little thing until you just can't
stand them before feminism women was
forced to stay at home shaping the souls
of a new generation until their children
rose up and call them blessings they
weren't allowed to do important stuff
like running the amalgamated widget
company while underpaying poor minority
women to stay at home and shape the
souls of a new generation after the poor
minority women had dropped their own
children off at unclean overcrowded
daycare centers
conversely before feminism men got all
the breaks and were allowed to do cool
stuff like work for a living and try not
to sleep around even though they really
wanted to today though because of
feminism women have many rights they
never had before they have the right to
miss the experience of raising their
children by working eight hours a day
for a man who doesn't care about them
before going home to ruin their
children's lives by spoiling them
because they feel so guilty about not
having been there all day they have the
right to enjoy meaningless sex just like
men do and then get incredibly depressed
and feel as if they've been used and
treated like a piece of meat because
they were used and treated like a piece
of meat by men who enjoy meaningless sex
much more than women do they have the
right to daydream that a man will come
and rescue them and take care of them
and then feel guilty about it
because feminism told them they're not
supposed to daydream that but they do
anyway and they have the right to blame
their problems on men until no man on
earth would want to talk to them and
they're forced to spend the best years
alone pretending that's okay when it's
really not but they're not allowed to
say so before feminism arose in the
1970s according to a recent not made up
study women judged themselves to be
happier than
since the advent of feminism women's
happiness and satisfaction have declined
until now men report themselves to be
happier when asked why they were less
happy after feminism than before women
said shut up I don't want to talk about
it
just leave me alone then they ran away
sobbing uncontrollably f is for feminism
I'm Andrew Klavan with the Lefty's
dictionary Kassie let me begin by
apologizing for subjecting you to that
hate-filled diatribe I'm very triggered
you look triggered I can see that but
you have had your run-ins with feminism
I mean you haven't always been the best
friend feminism has isn't that fair to
say
well I went to an all women's college so
I had the run-in with all the feminists
different sides intersectional lists the
people who are just second wavers who's
probably just me and then certainly some
people who wanted to push that and two
other people people who just hated men
so I've run into it all I had it on my
very first day in college I went to our
orientation which is where they
indoctrinate you first in college and
they put a girl on stage and she had her
hair in a ponytail and they cut off her
ponytail in front of everyone and people
were applauding and shouting and
screaming down at the patriarchy it was
very disturbing
I was like where am I going to college
what am I getting myself into
why what would we have to would have
patriarchy after there was her ponytail
well we actually have this thing called
the Moho table so I went to Mount
Holyoke's and mohos short for that and
they call it the Moho chop which is when
you cut off all your hair and look like
a boy all right it kept my long hair I
think I might have the longest hair in
that college or I did but yeah it's kind
of like a rite of passage should cut
your hair off of that school Wow okay so
now explain to me the difference between
first second how many waves of feminism
are there now I think we might be going
into our fourth wave okay I'm gonna say
there's three for simplicity but I think
there's a fourth one developing okay so
explain the differences to me sure so
first wave is right to vote second wave
is to go into the workforce and as your
video says to not stay home with your
children necessarily okay and then third
wave is kind of intersectionality and
also the hatred of men so there's two
different aspects to it which is fourth
wave is kind of more intersectionality
but I'm gonna lump 4th and 3rd together
because they're very similar and they
kind of or over laughing so so okay no
we just I'll get back to I'll get back
to my video in a minute but but you go
to an all-men's college you see this
happening what what effect does it have
on the actual women who are doing this
well they're very unhappy they don't
really know what they're doing there so
I'm not wholly up you have a lot of
women who actually go there and then
explore their sexuality and you know
meet other women and then leave and then
marry men so it's kind of like they're
having fun in college and doing this
rebellious nature for instance one of my
guy friends went to one of the parties
and it was all women he was one of the
only guys and he took a video right
after the election where he just
screamed I hate men and followed after
this video everyone starts cheering it's
kind of freaking me out when you see
these things because they honestly do
hate men it's it's really scary and it
does this come from like personal
experience have these have these girls I
guess they are in the game college do
they have personal experiences that make
them hate men or they just told that
they hate men because the world is an
evil patriarchy well they want to join
the sisterhood and so in order to join
the sisterhood you have to hate
management men don't necessarily have to
have done something bad to you you see
in Parents Weekend that they show up
with their pimp with their fathers and
they're very nice their fathers but when
it comes to you know men at the
neighboring schools we have to hate them
and we have to talk bad about them
because that's the only way you can prop
yourself up as a woman nowadays a third
wave feminism is by hating men instead
of propping up each other Wow okay so so
let's let's talk about this video
because I mean here's here's the thing I
want everybody to do whatever he or she
wants I truly do I mean I want you to
have your best life on everybody to have
his or her best life that they want
where do I go wrong in this video why it
why should why are you why I'm should I
be triggered well I think our video is
very humorous and it does a really good
job talking about second wave feminism
but like you said in the video women are
unhappy and I think you need to go a
little bit further and explain that
because they're unhappy which I do think
that working being in the workforce
could make you unhappy there's a lot of
stress there but I do believe in
individualism and if a woman wants to
work go ahead of course but we shouldn't
be we shouldn't be taking down
housewives which third wave feminism
does how dare you stay at home with your
children you're not adding to the
society you're being lazy which is what
you hear from these feminists towards
housewives and I think the major problem
is because they're unhappy they're
blaming it on men instead of blaming on
for not making career choices that would
make them happy or having children so I
think the problem is they just need to
stop blaming me on men and realize
they're unhappy and tried changing it
but obviously I think women should be in
the workforce I mean I'm working here
with you now right right but but then
well then let me ask you I don't want to
get too personal but I mean when you
look at what your your best life looks
at looks like if you do want to have
children let me ask that first I mean is
that something that you want in your
future absolutely I come from a really
small family so I want to have a big
family I want to have like six children
Wow and luckily in my career I can take
a few months off and raise the children
because I used to work in a daycare and
I see the problem with infants who are
away from their mothers at a really
young age I had four week olds that was
taken care of that saw me and the other
teachers as their mother more than their
actual mothers I think that's a problem
but I definitely want to have a lot of
children and I plan on working as well
possibly but definitely not right when I
have the child I mean first of all I'm
delighted to you're a conservative woman
say she wants to have six children that
is oh I want us to reproduce as much as
possible yeah so now you have I mean six
children's a lot of children that you
know but but even even to children
there's a lot of children one child
there's a lot of children is there any
sense in which you know I look at little
children and I think that kid for at
least the first three years of life
needs a mom and now that makes me
obviously a patriarchal oppressors am I
wrong well I think that a lot of people
nowadays are using the grandparents as
being the caregivers which i think is a
lot better than having a daycare even a
nanny so I think that's really important
to have so if you are in a family where
you have that option I think that's
really important but I do see the point
of having a child with their mother at a
really young age that's why I think it's
so important that Millennials prefer
working from home which is what a lot of
us to even out the Daily wire we have a
lot of people who work from home sure I
think there has to be a balance and
obviously there isn't a blanket solution
to any of it I mean the other aspect of
this is for yourself but do you want to
miss you know do you want to miss your
child's first steps do you want to miss
not be there when those things happen I
mean isn't that part of being a mother
I'm asking you I'm not you don't have to
have to give me an answer I want I'm
just want to know you know well I was a
22 year old it's you know I do think
about having children Bobby
so long and not quite I thought that
part in my life yet but obviously I
definitely want to be there for those
things with my future children on but
then I think that when my children grow
up and they can be like wow my mommy is
on Andrew Klavan show how cool is that
you know you want to continue doing
those things as well so I think it
really depends on the woman but I do
think housewives are some of the most
honorable people out there because what
they do is so important for our future
well this is this is the thing that
really does bother me about feminism a
lot of guys are upset by what feminists
say about men but I don't really like
feminists so I don't care what they say
about me you know I mean it just doesn't
bother me
what does bother me is that they sound
they they seem to me to be against
feminine values the things that women
value as i I've hung out with plenty of
women and they don't value the same
things that men value they have a
different hierarchy you know of values
that seems to me to be a good thing it
seems to me a good thing that there
should be two kinds of people in the
world
one with one hierarchy of values and one
with another do you feel as a woman
under attack by feminists yeah I do and
I think that there are some different
aspects where women or feminists put
women into boxes and oh let them come
out of it in some aspects and I think
one of it is first the right to have a
firearm especially to be able to protect
yourself on campus yeah
so that's something that feminists are
like women don't need that we don't need
firearms well you're putting me in a box
I thought were equal to men so why can I
not defend myself I need an equalizer
I'm not strong as men and if something
does happen on campus like they say 1 in
4 which it's not 1 in 4 that's insane
that's dangerous then most parts of
conflict torn regions in the Middle East
or Africa if that's true then why
doesn't my campus even allow pepper
spray we're not allowed to have pepper
spray even though it's legal in my state
no pepper spray at all and no firearms
app that's out of the question don't
even talk about firearms so I think
there's different aspects for feminists
put us in boxes and if you really want
to be equal to men then get an equalizer
and take care of yourself why what's the
logic of that why aren't you allowed to
have a gun I mean then you have don't
you have to then call a big manly cop to
protect you I mean you shouldn't have
you it does seem to me that one of the
best uses of guns is for women's
protection well my campus police weren't
even armed they only had batons they
even have tasers no tasers no guns and
they're my campus please so if something
happens I'm supposed to go and
a blue light press the blue light and
wait 10 minutes for a police officer
shows unarmed are you kidding me
so I think that we should be able to
protect ourselves and from a really
young age I learned how to shoot a
firearm with my grandfather and I think
I'd feel a lot more safe having one so
you you worked at a daycare center yes
obviously you're taking care of both
boys and girls one of the things I
noticed I mean I had a boy and a girl
and was a parent with people who had
boys and girls one of the things I
always noticed is that if you gave a
little girl I'm talking about little
kids you gave her a book and you walked
away you came back and she was reading
the book if you gave a boy a book you
walked away and you came back and he had
left out the window killing himself and
everyone on the street below did you
find in dealing with little boys and
little girls and you're dealing what you
were dealing with really little kids as
you say yeah there's a difference right
yeah so I I had infants all the way to
age 13 so I've seen the child
development across the entire spectrum
but yes there's absolutely difference
our troublemakers we're typically boys
we never really had girls that were
troublemakers unless they had some
really big problems at home we had a lot
of homeless children as well so I got to
see a lot of different development
issues with those children so yeah you
can definitely see many different toys
they play with even though when I was a
kid I really loved playing with Hot
Wheels know people are different yeah
yeah so you know they can be different
but I think that when you see all these
feminists saying well let's give our
little boys dolls because we want them
to be gender fluid well let them play
with what they want to play with I have
no problem with a boy picking on a doll
and playing with the doll but to force
it on your children because you think
your two-year-old might not be a female
or a male but their gender fluid it's
kind of ridiculous to me so here's my
last question and by the way I want to
thank you for elevating this egg the
Monday cultural segment above its usual
level here you are you're working at the
Daily wire a little bit of a boys club
here I think it's like yep she left so
what would you say to the guys around
you who are men of goodwill like I said
all I want to say you know what's it to
me I want you to have your I want you to
be a happy person so what would you say
to them if if you wanted to get them to
know you know like one thing that maybe
guys do that they shouldn't do or don't
think about what is it that you would
have them do Oh
man well I think a lot of things that
guys have issues with especially in the
internet because I think men don't know
how to interact with women anymore
partly because the feminists are saying
you can't do certain things and also
because men are too lazy to go up and
talk to a woman so they kind of go in
and slide in your DMS and stuff I think
guys have a lot of social awkwardness
but they really need to work out then
you have more confidence and talking to
women but not be too overbearing where
it kind of creeps me out yeah so I think
that's one thing they need to work on is
how to talk to women you know I I have
noticed by the way that that younger men
who grew up under feminism are angrier
at women than guys my age who always
liked the differences between men and
women we always enjoyed those
differences but nobody ever told us that
that was bad to do that where I feel
these guys were told there you're not
supposed to see the differences and now
they're angry to find out that they were
told untrue things I think that's
absolutely true I think men are kind of
angry because they don't know how
they're supposed to act when reading
told that masculinity is toxic then what
are you supposed to be I find in my
dating life that there was a lot of guys
out there who don't know how to be men
they're very girly I actually dated a
Democrat last summer which Yahoo News
love to interview me about that they
thought that was hilarious and it didn't
go well because I think that chivalry is
dead and it shouldn't be and I think
that men just don't know how to act
towards women nowadays and it's really
sad all right well thank you very much
gasps he's left one piece of advice
don't date Democrats very badly
Cassie Dylan of The Daily wire thank you
very much for coming on Cathy I
appreciate it thanks for having me well
see see you know I like we got others
you didn't throw anything at me it's
like what do you probably will when I
walk outside tonight all right our
crappy culture
so I gave a edgy speech on Friday to my
friends at Young America Foundation it
was really nice because I went up to
Santa Barbara where I used to live and
it was a big lunch and the place was
filled with you know with donors to the
TF but also with high school students
and and it was really nice because I
looked over and there at the table right
near the speaker's podium where all the
guys who used to beat me in tennis when
I lived up there looks like he slowed
down probably but it was really lovely
to see old friends but I the reason I
call it an edgy speech because I knew as
I was growing up there that I was gonna
you know wait the easy thing when you
give these speeches is serve out the red
meat if you shake your fist if you
condemn the left you know you're gonna
have to give a successful speech and you
know it but I wanted to give a slightly
more complex speech because I am after
all an artist and an artist job is
different than a political commentator
and our job is just to describe things
so well that you kind of know what you
should do going forward and what might
happen going forward but just because
you've described things accurately so I
gave a speech about Donald Trump and how
his worst how and why his worst
attributes are helpful to the right and
what that means for us as conservatives
and what it means for the future and I
knew that people who loved Donald Trump
you know the kind of Dinesh D'Souza's
Trump is Lincoln camp I knew they
weren't gonna like the speech and I knew
that people who ate in the never Trump
errs who think he's degrading the the
dialog and is degrading the office of
the president I knew they weren't gonna
like the speech because I had a lot of
good things to say about Trump as well
that covers everybody I figured there'd
be by the time I looked up at the end of
the speech I thought there'd be like one
person who was just too drunk to get
anyone I care I'm excited I just
wandered in I don't actually belong to
yes you know but but actually they were
very they it was greeted with enthusiasm
and I just want to reiterate a couple of
points that I made because I think that
they really do talk about our crappy
culture first of all one thing I said
about Trump is that the people always
ask why Trump and Reagan can't be like
Reagan who was so elegant and so
soft-spoken and so graceful all
and I said you know Reagan was a
creation of 40s 50s culture you know 50s
60s 40 50s those are the things it's as
you're growing up that the culture
really shapes you and affects you
he was shaped by all the old movies all
the old ideas the America of consensus
the American where the left and the
right were basically fighting over the
50-yard line but all agreed that we
should be free Trump he is a product of
60s and 70s culture he's a product of
the left's culture the left owns the
culture after 1968 it is completely the
culture has fallen apart they make they
say oh well he slept with a Playboy
bunny that's their culture that right
didn't want that the right didn't want a
world where people were sleeping around
all the time the right one in a world of
marriage one of the world of religion it
wanted a world of respect it also wanted
a world of Heroes you know and and they
destroyed that and they created it's the
left that Hollywood that created reality
TV which elevates rudeness it elevates
conspiring against her neighbor it
elevates you know just treating people
like garbage all that stuff is what
Trump comes out of and that's why I
always compare them to Godzilla you know
where the Japanese set off the nuclear
bomb and then or a nuclear bomb is set
off and then the monster comes out they
set off the bomb but when I what I said
about this is the reason this has helped
the right is because the left is
corrupted the culture so badly that a
person who adhered to politeness would
be tied up in knots they took over our
manners and basically said it's wrong
it's racist to say there are problems in
the black community there are problems
with african-american poor
african-american culture they are the
ones who said that's racist they are the
ones who said oh if you say you know hey
you know these these Muslims have a
little bit of a problem with killing
innocent people that you are some kind
of bigot instead of just observing the
world they're the ones who made our
system of manners a mental prison and
Trump because he's a rude guy broke
through that prison and that's why he
has won the affection of so many
Republicans and and I went on and talked
about his character which look you can
love Trump all you want but he that
brags about he bragged about committing
an adultery he bragged about you know
being unkind he's unkind to other people
you know some of the stuff he said about
Ted Cruz was really wrong
it doesn't become right because we get
things that we want it doesn't become
right you know it's it's wrong but but
it's the left that made character
assassination a form of argument it's
the left that said when Mitt Romney said
we should give some tax breaks to
corporations they are the ones who said
oh my god he stuffs women into binders
he puts dogs on roof he bullied the kid
nice you know they're the ones who used
ad hominem attacks instead of dealing
with arguments instead of saying you say
this but here are the facts and that
they don't do that you know it's it's
the right that does that it's the right
that argues ideas I guess the point that
I'm trying to make is that trumps
success and our the benefits that he has
given in doing stuff that is basically
just basic right-of-center
conservative government's constitutional
governance nothing he's done is radical
nothing he's done is over-the-top
everything he's done is within the
Constitution he hasn't broken any laws
that we know of he hasn't done anything
like Obama did spying on people and
shutting people down with the IRS hasn't
done any of that stuff but the the bad
the fact that it took a man of his
character to do this tells us what
happened when we let the culture go
every time I talk about the movies or
even joke about the Oscars or anything
like that I get letters from people
saying to me don't waste your time on
that I haven't been to a movie in 15
years well guess what the culture
doesn't go away it doesn't get off your
lawn just because you say like I don't
care about that culture and I it's
always there and it's always shaping
people and if we don't shape it the left
shapes it and you know what they
expected they expect it to destroy the
culture they expect it to bring the
adultery they expected to bring the
rudeness they you know who who was it
who told us we could use all these words
it was the left you know they expect it
to bring the rudeness they expect it to
bring the harshness and bring the
bullying but they never expected it to
blow up in their faces and that's what's
happening and so when I talked to the
right about how they should get involved
in the culture and how they should make
art and how they should build studios
and build social media the left also to
think about what happens when you start
with identity politics when you create
identity politics there's an you have no
argument against the what the the white
people who say okay if it's identity
politics of the rule here
white identity politics you have no
argument at the new york times when you
hire sour john against haters on the
right cuz you're a hater on the left you
know maybe the left two should start to
think about the art they make and the
stuff they put on television and the
stuff they say in public because now
it's blown up in their face and they
deserve every little bit of it tomorrow
we'll be back
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show the ends of Clavin show is
produced by Robert Sterling executive
producer Jeremy boring senior producer
Jonathan hey our supervising producer is
Mathis Glover and our technical producer
is Austin Stevens edited by Emily Jai
audio is mixed by Mike Carina hair and
makeup is by Joshua alvera the Andrew
Klavan show is a daily wire for word
publishing production copyright for word
publishing 2018
