for several days as I'm sure you heard
the media had been have been hyping up
this white supremacist neo-nazi KKK
rally that was supposed to happen in DC
yesterday Sunday and then Sunday rolls
around and a couple dozen white
supremacist show up along with throngs
of news cameras and hundreds of counter
protesters and the all trite folks just
they were there for less than two hours
I believe they just kind of walked down
the street then they stood around in a
field for a little bit and and then they
left and that was it there wasn't there
was no violence on that part there
really no theatrics nothing happened
they just walked they stood around
looking a bit overwhelmed and sad and
they left because it started to rain and
so they figured well I guess we might as
well reconvene in the internet comment
section no reason for us to be out here
in the rain and so that's what happened
nothing to notice nothing though
whatever violence or theatrics occurred
on Sunday it was it was all on the part
of an Tifa which also gathered in
various places including Sun including
DC and and other places and in some
instances got into altercations with the
media and others they also carried signs
attacking the police
so this counter protest against a couple
of white supremacists turned into a
counter protest against the police and I
guess because I guess if you get there
and you don't have any white
supremacists to yell at then you figure
well we gotta yell at somebody let's
just yell at the police you got to feel
kind of bad for antiva especially at any
ante for folks who came a little bit
late and then they got there and they're
like hi everyone all the white
supremacists ah well I guess we'll just
have to shout at the police then I mean
I came here to shout at somebody I'm not
gonna go home without shouting all in
all it was really an incredibly
embarrassing scene for everybody
involved for everybody involved except
for the police who comported themselves
professionally but for everybody else it
was embarrassing because you've got a
few dumb racists walking down the street
holding signs and they are absolutely
surrounded by media encounter protestors
who have all shown up for the sake of
these completely irrelevant obscure
idiots just imagine if you I mean if
you've seen any coverage you've seen how
it's just a ridiculous a few guys
walking and then Hertz just surrounded
it's it's it was a scene kind of
reminiscent of what you see this a you
know we've seen this before it was it
last year there was a KKK rally back in
last July I believe and about 50 stupid
Klansmen came and there were a thousand
counter protesters there to answer them
a thousand 450 guys
thereby giving the 50 guys an incredible
amount of attention which is exactly
what they want you've given them exactly
what they want
what they would not want is for the 50
for them to all come and then nobody to
react at all that would make them feel
very bad and very stupid and they are
very bad and stupid so they should feel
that way but when you all come out the
message you're sending them is wow we're
important what we're saying something
important we have to keep on saying I
think by the way here at the top it
could be it could be useful to contrast
this scene with something else think
about this protest and the coverage that
it gets in the attention etiquettes and
contrast that with another protest that
happens every year in DC and that for
that I refer to the March for Life the
March for Life you have up to sometimes
more than half a million people
pro-lifers who descend on DC to protest
abortion and when I say descend that
makes it's not really descend they come
in a very orderly fashion
and they're there and it's very peaceful
in there protesting abortion yet those
half a million people will not get even
close to half the amount of attention as
a handful of white nationalists can
attract the media somehow it's very
interesting you know it's it's it's it's
seems like a strange coincidence that
every year when the half a million
people are marching down the street the
media just has so many other things to
focus on they don't even they don't even
notice the half a million people walking
down through their own backyard yet any
time 30 80 30 white supremacists get
together they can attract the undivided
attention of the media why is that
what's happening here how do you explain
this why is the media and why is the
left giving so much attention to these
fringe whack jobs and it's probably
overstating their relevance when I say
fringe it's more like these are fringe
of the fringe of the fringe yet they are
treated like powerful voices in the
national dialogue it's the media and the
left that treats them like they have
something important to say it has to
really be engaged with why is that I
mean you wouldn't if if you were walking
down the street and there was some crazy
guy standing on the street corner
shouting that he's the Queen of England
would you would you gather a hundred
people together to shouting you're not
the Queen of England
no would you get signs and hold them and
surround this one guy and then bring out
news cameras breaking news this man
claims he's the Queen of England no you
wouldn't do that because he's just one
irrelevant guy who cares what he's
saying
just one crazy guy will take that one
crazy guy and then add a few more of him
and that's basically what we have yet it
gets this response why well I think the
answer is pretty obvious but we'll talk
about it anyway because apparently it
isn't obvious to everyone I think there
there there are two facets to this the
two aspects to this answer number one
for the media and for the left these
these fringe of the fringe of the fringe
characters are living breathing
strongmen and the fact that they
remember this march was called unite the
right kin cutting the call I can't even
call it March because there were just a
few guys why it was more just a stroll
down the street it was a walk down the
street and the few guys that were in
this they were taking the stroll down
the street they were calling it unite
the right marching under the auspices of
uniting the right which just makes it
all the better for the left and so the
tactic for them is very straightforward
to treat the white supremacist as if
they are representative of a large
portion of the right
whip up hysteria and fear so that the
average unthinking person believes that
white supremacy is the animating force
of the right and thus the right is
itself a danger and a threat that's the
idea
pretty pretty easy plan pretty tactic
that's pretty easy to see it's the
opposite of what they do with the March
for Life
now with the March for Life and with
pro-lifers in general they want to give
the impression that the pro-life
movement is fringe and obscure and in
irrelevant
and they also want to say if they have
they have constructed a caricature of
pro-lifers that if you've ever spent any
time around pro-lifers at all if you've
ever been to the March for Life a really
any pro-life event you know how
ridiculous this character is but the
character that they've that they've come
up with that they've painted is that
pro-lifers are our old white men who get
together and shout and ed women and
scream at women that's what that's the
that's the idea that that's the idea
that they want you to have in your head
of the pro-life movement but you'll
notice something
they whereas anytime a few white
nationalists get together the media is
there with cameras because they want to
get these people on camera
yeah with pro lifers while they tell us
that pro lifers are these hateful people
begin to scream and shout and you know
our anti woman for some reason any time
pro lifers actually get together the
media doesn't show up with cameras you'd
think they'd be eager to show up with
cameras to get this on camera and to
show everybody this is what pro lifers
do yet they're not there and you would
think if you've got five hundred
thousand of these people all together in
DC five hundred thousand old white men
getting together to scream at women
I mean you think the media would love to
have cameras there to get down and it's
not just the March for Life there there
are pro-life demonstrations in this
country every week hundreds of them
many abortion clinics have have a team
of pro lifers that are always there
outside
and what we're told is that they're out
there screaming at women and they're big
and they're you know they're they're
harassing and doing all this yet what
yet we rarely get that on camera
why is that well it the answer is pretty
simple because the media doesn't want
you to see what pro-lifers actually look
like and who they actually are and what
their tactics actually are and what
their message actually is they don't you
to see anything so they don't want to
bring their cameras down to the March
for Life and reveal all of the young
people and all of the women and that by
the way constant of ever been in the
March flyff you know that constitutes
the majority of the crowd women and
young people that's most of them they
don't want you to see that they want you
to see young people don't want you to
see the women they don't want you to see
all the racial minorities they don't
want you to see that it's white black
Hispanic Asian everybody all together
it's like a it's a it's a rainbow of
diversity it's the diversity that the
left always says that it wants and in
the pro-life movement it has it that's
it's got all and not just Christians
either but it's mostly Christians but
but you all different Creed's as well so
all races creeds young people old people
men women all together marching side by
side and no they're not shouting they're
not screaming they're not being vulgar
unlike an Tifa that's not what they're
doing there they're marching side by
side and they're they're singing songs
and they're praying and they're they
have smiles on their faces it's peaceful
its joyful and the media doesn't want
you to see that
now the white supremacist on the other
hand present a much more convenient
picture because with the white
supremacist they are aggrieved angry
white men and that's what the media
that's that's the picture that the media
and the left wants you to have in your
head is of angry aggrieved white men
it's unfortunate for the media though
that so few of those types of men will
actually show up for these events and
they're very disappointed by that
because they're doing everything they
can to advertise these events and to
drive people out to promote it that
really is the tactic and it is so
unbelievably despicable
all of the contempt that is heaped on
the media as an institution is 100%
warranted because exactly for reasons
like this they are playing a dangerous
dishonest despicable game and they know
it
they they are literally at anytime
there's gonna be a white supremacist
rally they advertise it they want people
to show up they want you there they are
trying to legitimize white supremacist
white supremacy they're trying to make
it into a mainstream thing there they
are trying they're especially trying to
reach out to any of those angry
aggrieved lost confused white men who
might who may find this appealing
they're trying to reach those and in and
connect them with white supremacy and
bring them out they're trying to get the
ranks of white supremacy up
that's the that's the game they're
playing and it is
like I said it is it is you can't you
it's impossible to overstate how
contemptible it is what they're doing
attempting to legitimize neo-nazism so
that they can then take it they want to
get everybody there they want to make it
into a thing because white supremacy is
is not really a thing in America there
are a few of them there's some of that
that is an ideology that exists and I
mean some people said but any ideology
so there's there's there are many
horrible things that people believe but
it's not really a thing in American
culture I have never met a white
supremacist I never have in my life I've
never met a single one in my life I
never met a real white supremacist and
anytime you have a rally where the meet
in a media is giving it all of their
support advertising promoting it yet
they can never get very many together so
maybe that's that's evidence that that
it really isn't a white supremacy isn't
really a driving force in America it's
not a relevant force it's not a relevant
thing it just isn't the media wants it
to be a thing so that they can then take
it and use it to discredit the right
and also in the meantime it's a great
story for them so it's ratings so for
them it's it's a win-win they get
ratings and they get to slander their
enemies and so that's what they want to
do and whatever chaos whatever violence
is caused in the meantime they're
perfectly fine with it they don't care
that's the first thing the second is so
that's the media that's why the media
does what it does with this stuff I
think for the counter protesters is also
another element to it
for the counter protesters there they
are looking for a cause they're looking
for something to do they're looking for
something to rally around it an easy
villain to to oppose that's what they're
looking for
I saw someone had on Twitter a picture
of one of the signs that somebody was
carrying at the counter protest and it
was a woman carrying a sign that said my
great-grandfather fought the Nazis and
now I'm doing the same it runs in the
family
listen your great-grandfather stormed
the beaches under a hail of bullets and
he fought the Nazis and who at the time
were a powerful force in the world
trying to literally take over the globe
and he put his life on the line and and
and charged in there to actually defeat
the Nazis you on the other hand are
showing up with a thousand of your
friends to carry assigns to carry signs
and shout at 25 idiots walking down the
street that's what you're doing you're
along with a thousand other people you
are surrounding twenty idiots walking
down the street and you're shouting at
them that's what you're doing
it's not the same there is no comparison
whatsoever but the fact that there are
even a few Nazis in America presents for
people who are lost and have no cause
have no purpose in the life it presents
it presents a really convenient and easy
cause they say Oh Nazis yes well thing
everyone hates Nazis so that's a that's
that's an easy thing for me to be
against
and it is it of course we should all be
against Nazism but Nazism isn't a thing
anymore it's not it's not there's no
risk of Nazis taking over the world
anymore that because our
great-grandfather's and our grandfathers
date they did away with that they took
care of that that's done now the fact
that there that the fact that there are
25 Nazis in America is not that doesn't
mean anything doesn't matter
it means nothing but it's a cause and
ironically
it's kind of both sides the thousand
come counter protesters in the fifty
neo-nazis or less than that they both
are looking for the same thing they they
both want cause they both want an
identity they both want a purpose and
that's why they're both there and the
media they're looking for a narrative
and they're looking for a story so
you've got this kind of unholy trinity
and this this mutual mutually beneficial
relationship between all these parties
where the counter protesters and the
neo-nazis they're looking for a cause
looking for identity they're also
looking for attention they both want
attention the media they can give
attention but they're looking for a
narrative which is what which is what
the other side preside provides to them
and that's how you end up with the
situation that we saw on Sunday
it's embarrassing it's ridiculous and on
the part of the media it really is as I
said contemptible
we'll leave it there thanks for watching
everybody thanks for listening Godspeed
you
