so I wanted to build on something that
we we talked about yesterday and that is
if you if you remember we we talked
about social media and how social media
fuels our narcissism and causes us to
think about ourselves focus on ourselves
in inordinate amount and this is where a
lot of the self-esteem issues come from
now it's not that we it's not that we we
think badly about ourselves in this
culture it's that it's just that we
think about ourselves way too often we
spend way too much time thinking about
ourselves and when we do that of course
we're gonna notice our flaws and of
course we're gonna be obsessed with
those flaws because we're obsessed with
ourselves and then we and then we we
chalk that up to a self-esteem problem
when really it's a it's a it's a
narcissism problem it's almost the
opposite of a self-esteem problem and
now that isn't to say that we should
never notice our flaws we have to be we
need to be self-aware we need to know
that we have flaws but we shouldn't
spend all day noticing them and the best
thing to do with a character flaw or a
moral flaw is to once you notice it to
then just set out to correct it to live
your life and try to correct it in the
way that you live your life and the best
thing to do with a with an unfixable
physical flaw is to just forget it
and again live your life either way the
process is harder and we are interfering
with it when we are too focused on
ourselves now I mentioned that I think
these these love yourself embrace your
flaws types of campaigns are misguided
and they're very common these days of
course where we're constantly being told
to love yourself love yourself I think
it's misguided because we should be
encouraging each other to to forget
about ourselves
forget yourself
and focus on other things look outward
instead of always inward
so I don't agree with running around and
telling everyone to love themselves and
in fact I think that if we just dropped
that phrase from our vocabulary
completely and never again discussed
loving yourself self-love you gotta love
if we never talked about those things
ever again
we would be better for it
