I'll be honest with you I'll make a
little confession here I was out late on
a school night last night I was I went
to a local cigar bar I was at a friend's
birthday party had a couple Coca Cola's
a few adult beverages you know anyway I
roll in to my apartment a little late
last night late enough to see the
results of that hotly contested primary
election in or the hotly contested
special election in Ohio now what
happens this is the headline that I see
the main headline on Apple News you know
takes up the whole screen and then a
couple below it quote too close to call
too close for comfort
Trump's candidate appeared to eke out a
razor-thin win in Ohio but signs of a
widening Democratic wave are coming into
focus read more at USA Today then the
next one right below that Republicans
now realize how hard they'll have to
fight in dozens of similar raises to
regain control of the house read more at
BuzzFeed that's my whole screen time
looking at Apple news now some things
have - jeez that sounds like terrible
news for oh no it means that the
Republican one that's what that means I
know that would be confusing because
every single word they used was designed
to make it seem like the Democrat won
but the Democrat lost the Republican one
no automatic recount no nothing nope a
Republican won this is what they do all
the time
Republican Troy Balder sent beep
Democrat Danny O'Connor they the
Democrats always run certain that
they're gonna win so you've probably
read about this house race they've been
pumping it up in the last few days this
is the one the sign of the blue wave
Democrats are coming baby and then they
lose and then they pretend that losing
is winning they did this do you remember
John Assaf that candidate and probably
not but they you know there was this
candidate in Georgia and the Democrat
said like John Asif he is the one this
is the referendum on Trump blue wave
baby woo and then the election happens
and he loses they're like yeah well yeah
he lost but really secretly secretly
though he won well but it but the
numbers he law but no I I know the
numbers and the other guy the other
guy's going to Congress yeah no yeah but
secretly though
victory there's no there's no moral
victory go when you win you go make
legislation and when you lose you go
home
that's what happened that's what
happened in Ohio the Republican one ha
ha
so Valders it right now he's ahead
seventeen hundred fifty four votes there
are still provisional ballots there are
still absentee ballots so sure anything
could happen right but there was no
automatic recount triggered he won he
won the night so what they're doing now
that they can't they can't figure out
how to really spin it that the Democrat
won so they're blaming the Green Party
candidate for losing theirs this Green
Party candidate in this race Joe manchak
and they're saying he got almost enough
votes to spur a recount an automatic
recount the operative word here is
almost he didn't he didn't get a no
votes to spur an automatic recount sorry
