let's look at Senator Chris Murphy from
Connecticut sent out a tweet yesterday
in relation to this story and this is
what he said he said info were Infowars
is the tip of a giant iceberg of ate and
lies that uses sites like Facebook and
YouTube to tear our nation apart these
companies must do more than take down
one website the survival of our
democracy depends on it
so if you happen to be a constituent of
Senator Chris Murphy you may want to
keep in mind come election time that he
thinks the survival of our democracy
depends on the restriction of free
speech maybe you agree with it maybe
you're anti-american as well but if
you're not you may want to keep that in
mind I don't see how any decent American
could vote for a senator who would say
something like that because that now
this is First Amendment what he's saying
this is a government official saying
companies must do more
restrict speech that I don't personally
like
and if he decided to officially get
involved if the Democrats officially got
involved you got to shut down this
speech which we could very much which we
would certainly be heading in that
direction well then it is a straight up
war on the First Amendment but either
way even if what's happening now is
legal that doesn't mean it's defensible
doesn't mean that it's right
doesn't mean that it isn't dangerous it
is possible to do something legal yet
bad that happens all the time in this
country and I think this is one of those
times
