good morning mr. Clayton my name is DCM
I attend at Wayne State University in
Detroit so now it's absolutely clear
that the left is done with safe legal
and rare that doesn't exist on the left
anymore
what is the pro-life movements most
effective response to persuading more
people to join the movement after the
left has countered with this radical
radicals yeah well first I think science
is on our side
I think science is going to increase
increase we're gonna see what's there
but I think we should more people should
be talking about what I've been talking
about today about the fact that the
smoke you know I made a speech to
liberals once and they challenged me on
an abortion and I said I'm always for
the smallest guy in the room you know
and how does a liberal fight against
that you know how does it fight against
that but the important thing is to tell
that kid's story because that's how they
work you know every time every time a
Republican says he's against abortion
somebody says well what about in the
case of rape or incest but they never
say to the leftist well do you believe
in abortion if the child is a girl
he believed in abortion because the kid
has red hair instead of black hair
because because there's gonna be
Capricorn instead of Sagittarius because
those things are legal it's legal to
have an abortion because your kid is a
girl it's illegal to have an abortion
because it hasn't got the right
horoscope so the thing is you should
speak up for the child because that
voice is silent and you've got to be
that voice you don't have to you know
it's not about condemning always it's
just about bringing that other narrative
to light
