one of the things that's driven people
on the right absolutely insane is
obviously dominance of the left in the
cultural sphere and my good friend
Andrew Breitbart who I think you knew
Andrew was fond of saying that culture
is upstream of politics the more people
are shaped in the country by sort of the
culture with which they engage
television movies entertainment because
we spend a lot more time engaging with
that content than we do with political
content do you think that's true you
think no there's a guy wrote a book up
whose name is Paul Ingrassia and he
wrote a book I believe called crash
course a crash something about the
merger of Chrysler and Fiat right and
what he says in that book was really
important to me he says culture will
outdo organization every time because
culture is the oral torah right well
upon which there were you know
understanding of the written Torah is
based now so my wife is every year she
goes back to visit the old folks at home
in Scotland so I spent like three weeks
alone forgiving her okay so I was
watching a Turner Classic Movies I love
old movies right but they ran out of old
movies so we're running like Lassie Come
Home part two you know all of that I
just I get all ready how many times can
you watch Lawrence of Arabia so I
started writing I started looking at
on-demand movies right new releases
on-demand movies and I've just seen a
couple good movies over less than you
most of these movies are garbage and not
only if they garbage there a certain
they're a form of cultural obscenity
because they're either
kiss kiss or bang bang they're either
simulator a non simulated sex or they're
they're a sato mystic as the
sadomasochistic fantasy of violence so
I'm thinking well okay left right okay
Hollywood if you're really interested in
not mistreating women don't do it don't
do the sex scene not knock it off learn
how to write for the love of right
because that's why the sex scenes
indicas people get right I say if you're
really interested in doing away with gun
violence why do you have a gun in every
poster of every movie ever made where
people shooting each other why are they
carving each other up well the reason is
that the people who write these things
don't have any don't have any skin in
the game as they can't write very well
so if they don't get any joy out of
figuring out a plot what they're gonna
do is they're gonna put the you know it
offs meat tenderizer and everything
which is either sex or violence how do
you think that that impacts the the
culture do you think that that has an
impact on politics more generally or do
you think that it's sort of just the
background noise like when people go to
see a movie do you think that that
actually has the capacity to shift how
people think no no no no absolutely you
know well I don't know but that's good
it's a good question cuz it it doesn't
have a capacity to make people better
which is the other obscenity that moves
you're supposed to raise our
consciousness right but they saying deaf
people are people to black people are
people to gay people to people the only
people who aren't people to you'll
notice are the Jews that we Jews are not
people too but nonetheless so the movies
don't make people better so the question
is I think hydraulically I have to say
do movies make people worse I gotta say
probably not
