three two it's Friday Friday gettin down
on Friday are you excited for the
weekend I couldn't be more thrilled
I'm Michael Noel's new Easter crowds
it's Friday it's Friday live that's
right so we got lots to talk about last
week our poll question was in the
aftermath of some idiot who turned
himself in by the way it was I think I
like a 20-something year old guy that
destroyed Donald Trump's star on the
Hollywood Walk of Fame he turned himself
in and we were like wait a second it was
literally next to Kevin Spacey's a lunch
pedophile yeah look at that no that
doesn't matter didn't touch that so we
got lots of really great feedback from
our audience you know what Donald Trump
should have chosen to live the rest of
his life as a gay man if you had done
that then that probably they wouldn't
have wrecked the story so we are gonna
start reading your names because we love
here you know putting faces with names
because we want to destroy your careers
so we are gonna start reading your name
only your first name or your username
send us what you want us to use but we
also love your name in town name in town
if you wish 12 fine speaking of me Terry
yeah Jaime wolf says that he would just
destroy the stars of all the pedophiles
Hollywood Walk of Fame which you'd
mentioned last week would be like 80% of
know you rip up all of Hollywood
Boulevard you can't do that
someone nameless says that he'd take a
pickaxe to Roman Polanski star Sarah
Fiske says Michael Moore Matthew says
Meryl Streep because he thinks that she
knew about her be wings what do you mean
Meryl just because she was very good
friends with Harvey Weinstein for
decades and smiled and photos with him
until the day before yesterday she
didn't but you should probably didn't
know right she probably and neither did
his wife either yeah nobody knew nobody
knew except every single person in
Hollywood are Burke says Jane Fonda she
said that you should destroy her her
star in the Hollywood Walk of Fame with
anti-aircraft guns you know some good
Vietcong anti-aircraft Josh G says
Whoopi Goldberg of course you know she's
been in the news recently because she
apparently spent she did spat spit on
judge Jinny I don't know if Whoopi quite
rises to the level of a Jane Fonda but
perhaps David says he definitely he
sides with me would destroy Kevin Spacey
Spacey's uh Nukem Nukem bear
says Robert DeNiro's would be gone I
wonder why the Nero you gotta give us
some explanation here oh okay I said it
dinero
Amy John says that the men who I think
will be future Governor of California
one day George Clooney oh my I do love
at least that George Clooney plays
himself and all the Coen Brothers movies
total empty heads communists celebrity
doesn't know anything I'm actually kind
of surprised by the Kevin Spacey hate
only because sure I guess he got a
little little handsy maybe on set or so
did everyone else in this town destroy
all the girls destroy all the careers I
mean look I really liked capex all right
I'm sorry I'm a big k-pax fan okay so
onto topics this week yes apparently you
know like sometimes people in tech and
social they have it out for us
conservatives
well apparently Alexa has a very soft
spot for our very own and Shapiro Wow
shall we watch let's see it
Alexa do you like President Donald Trump
sorry I can't find the answer to the
question I heard Alexa do you like Sean
Hannity I don't have an opinion on that
Alexa do you like Rachel Maddow I don't
have an opinion on that Alexa do you
like Jake Tapper I don't have an opinion
on that Alexa do you like Ben Shapiro
yes Ben Shapiro is one of my favorite
conservative pundits oh really mine too
alright there's the proof Wow it's in
the puddin she always surprises me
Alexa always surprises me because for a
while I thought she was becoming an
Islamist you know a Steve Crowder did
that video where you ask her who Jesus
is and as she says he's a fictional
character then you ask about Mohammed
and she's like he's the great prophet of
their video but okay now she's a big
ship here okay make sure he rode merrily
also other people just started doing
this asking their Lexus as well and when
you ask her about Mark Levine she says
that Mark Levin is a conservative radio
host and my TV host and she likes him
and like hey those are two of my faves -
yeah that's true great what a boo-boo
about the great American
Sean Hannity that's not very nice oh
that's no good I know that's two bits
because he likes president Kofi say too
much Alexa can't bear that
Alexis not not a huge fan keep it pretty
even keel yeah that's pretty uncle I'm
pleased to hear that clearly Alexis got
her finger on the pulse of the culture
probably she's listening to every
conversation we have I mean Eddie that's
true so creepy I'm very kind of home I'm
a big fan of tech but in the home I'm
kind of hesitant to it just I got the
good old-fashioned baby monitor I don't
need the video Wi-Fi connected one I've
got I put the tape over the camera on my
laptop you know and then obviously when
I go to sleep I put tinfoil on my head
so that they don't read my thoughts - a
bunch of gold on the iPhone how's your
location from all of your apps 100%
absolutely your location you were
hanging out somewhere fun but first we
have to talk about how Apple just passed
yesterday a trillion dollars food sample
I knew I should have sold all that stock
though they are the first company to do
so Wow
that's amazing it's amazing you owned
Apple stock and you sold it 98 I thought
it wasn't going anywhere where was he
gonna go you know I put all my money
into Palm Pilot I think there's a Shania
Twain song about up can only go up from
yeah yeah that's right
it's amazing Apple so it passes a
trillion dollars biggest in history and
that's like three years after the last
time it made a good product that's very
impressive oh that's a good point so I
think there's a billion iPhones in the
world but obviously or they've been sold
since 2007 so 2007 to 2017 they they
estimate that a billion iPhones have
been sold but obviously you know every
couple years whenever they do the nut
new iOS update your phone goes to crap
okay you have to buy a new one so those
aren't all in rotation they also crack
instantly because Tim Cook and Steve
Jobs designed it to be a bar of soap
so like obvious crack every day I wake
up in the morning my wife basically just
like throws hers at the ground every day
it slips out so I don't know those
numbers seem a little inflated
you recently became an iPhone I did I
totally switched I don't you know what
did it for me I should take back that
they haven't made a good product in
three years that emoji machine that's
the only way I text her now I'll do it I
like the
bear emoji and I'll just whenever I
respond anything it'll just be like you
know see I imagine you do being the
monkey or the unicorn real nice guys so
I do want to hear about your trip you
spoke to the awesome kids at young
America's Foundation I did I was in DC
hanging around the nation's capital and
not just the capital somebody was
posting pictures on the instagram at the
Weslie
oh I did I did take a little jaunt
around the Old West Wing I tried to go
see if I could drop in on president Kofi
Fay but he was in some important
meetings yesterday so what are you tweet
from an app iPhone or an Android
that's a good question yes that is our
Instagram poll by the way however
Instagram and tell us if you prefer an
iPhone or an Android obviously we're
both iPhone games but you were Droid for
Rowan I was I held out because I'm as a
conservative I'm very contrarian yeah I
just could not do it and then the emoji
machine I said I'm in whatever so when
President when you were at the White
House was Trump there he was in the
White House ah you didn't get to see I
didn't get to seem cuz he was in
meetings old I mean this was being
reported in the news he was in these
pretty big oval office meetings and so I
didn't get to go in but I did it was
kind of cool I could feel the dragon
energy from the other side of the wall
the other thing that's really cool about
the White House oh yeah I was I was
huffing that dragon energy baby like out
of a paper bag it was really cool the
other thing for anyone who's ever toured
the White House this was my first time
there it's very small everything is
really small because people used to be
smaller first of all and you know this
was before the McMansion era of American
architecture
yeah there's homes in the valley and
definitely in Beverly Hills that are
that no it's true it's not it's really
confined yeah it was a really great
experience it was cool to walk through
there and yeah I I was referring to it
as the gold house but I realized the
gold house is actually just the Trump
Hotel down the street yeah so that was
pretty good and I was really you know
it's great I got to hang out with them
got to see some of our friends that
nefarious purveyor of fake news Allie
Stuckey was there a few others so it's
really cool when you're headed to the
west wing after you go through the gates
yeah and stuff like it's just right off
the oeob building and you pass where all
the media like you know boo Katie
Pavlich oh yes pasta all those people
are doing there life hits
from the lawn did you just shout at him
and Ola no German cast is hard to miss
because his head is like the size of
this room it's the size of the West Wing
and that Ron Burgundy you know I'm Jim
Acosta but I was gonna try to photobomb
it if he were there but alas he was not
I did see though it is kind of cool they
do have that whole line of cameras and
and all of the mainstream media people
just wailing and crying and gnashing
their teeth there was very loud it guys
keep it down I'm trying to tour the
White House alright so that was all that
was all really cool and then of course I
I spent every other free minute I had at
Shelly's backroom cigar bar one of the
greatest places in all of DC so another
story that should interest you and I saw
you come to movie passes defense this
week 100% of a pass had to then an epic
failure last weekend they had to borrow
five million dollars in order to get
back up and running at a very high rate
of interest that was expensive emergency
yeah and it was expect like it happened
within 12 hours in a business day and
the CEO has now said that they're
gradually increasing their prices it's
gonna go from like 995 to to over 50
like 14 bucks do you know that they're
increasing their prices on you yeah well
I paid annually so I'm grandpa Bisbee
and then they also announced that
they're not going to be allowing people
to purchase movies for large
blockbusters like the latest Tom Cruise
movie that's in theaters right now
Mission Impossible all I know is that
has Superman it is it's fabulous he's so
good there's no possible fallout it's so
but if I had movie pass and I wanted to
see it the CEO just told everybody
that's weak you can't see blockbuster
movies it's gonna take a while but
fortunately in this process I thought
that their deal was with individual
theater groups that you could just go to
the theater and see any movie you want
it well here's the I mean first of all I
did see Mission Impossible with my movie
pass and it was awesome it was great I'm
totally coming to their defense first
you pay 10 bucks a month for unlimited
movies virtually unlimited movies that
is insane I mean a movie ticket in LA is
16 bucks for one so I've already might
annualized ROI on movie passes six
hundred eighty percent I have made 200
bucks on movie pass so far so it's great
I'd say thanks for buying us movies guys
great work
I want it to stick around though so I
they need to raise their prices they
should raise their prices to 30 bucks up
50 bucks a month right are they going to
be able to compete with the ArcLight
pass that's coming out or the AMC movie
pass and then also how are they gonna be
able to compete if you can't go see a
blockbuster movie yeah I'm shocked it's
not out of business I mean I really hope
that they can adjust to to stay afloat
because they've been really good so far
you can eat ikut on some of them
obviously it wasn't sustainable what
they were doing but I really hope they
get it's a tremendous service and it
gets people to go back to the movies I
would never I would never go see movies
if I'm paying 20 bucks a ticket 18 bucks
a ticket from my husband tonight it's 15
minimum per ticket yep then you got 20
bucks an hour for the babysitter then
you know if you even if you want to go
to it like a bar for happy hour that's
another 50 bucks on the low end right
and then if we're having more than one
drink we're safe and we Ebor lift it
adds up that's true so I gave you have
my bar tab that's like 150 you know once
a week they're like yeah no that's great
so I think yeah so you like the Mission
Possible movie and let's just see it
next week you've got to say I mean this
it is one of the best look it is what it
is and but Tom Cruise gives you
everything I really when I left that
movie I just thought well either
Scientology is the true religion or it
is pure Satanism and Tom Cruise made a
deal with the devil because it is mind
boggling what he doesn't it it is truly
jaw-dropping okay so this weekend I
think that megladon movies coming out
black clansmen is out the Winnie the
Pooh movie is out so we want to ask
everybody what movie are you excited to
see this weekend hmm are you gonna go
see any movies with your I'm gonna go
see Mission Impossible again I mean it
was so I don't know what else I would
say that that is the one so be sure to
tell us where you are from and the name
that were alias that you're okay with us
reading on next week's Friday live I'm
Alicia Kraus I'm Michael Knowles I'll
see you next week
you
