hi my name is Jessica Anderson and I go
to Los Medanos college in the SF Bay
area and my question to you is what
would be what should be our go to debate
tactic when we're in our classrooms with
our classmates and are very tend to be
leftist professors and how should we
best own them without kind of screwing
ourselves over you have to ask yourself
what is the point of the debate is the
debate to convince somebody or is the
debate to score points
there are times for both of those things
when you're doing that viral video and
you want to convince a million people
you should score points you should
absolutely slam-dunk on the lib it's
great and it will change minds if you
were talking to somebody over coffee if
you're in a little seminar if you think
you can change somebody's mind then
don't do it that way you should ask
questions and be funny ask questions and
make them laugh it will jar them out of
their self seriousness Ronald Reagan did
this all the time he would open up
meetings with a joke the president Trump
uses humor constantly on the campaign
trail and in politics and it helps you
you have to ask yourself though if
you're in that classroom are you going
to convince the professor or do you need
to convince the professor what is the
purpose if there's no purpose to it
other than spouting off and getting
something off your chest maybe that
isn't the wisest thing to do there has
to be a purpose owning the libs has to
have a purpose to it it isn't just
frivolous and laughing and amusing
ourselves that's a part of it but it's
not the whole thing it has to have a
purpose and you should calibrate your
tactics to that purpose
