from Evan dear great distributor of
coffe fa and drinker of leftist tears
can you explain what separation of
church and state means for Americans I
find it hard to explain that this
separation doesn't and shouldn't mean
that government workers and elected
officials cannot be religious or
influenced by their religion but I am
being told my leftist to uncle by my
leftist uncle that people should keep
their religion between them and God
I find this absurd what was the original
intention of this concept for our
country has it gone too far thank you
Evan yes the the Establishment Clause
the First Amendment says we there won't
be an established religion in the United
States we can refer to this as the
separation of church and state though I
think that's a little misleading the
purpose of that separation is to protect
the church from the state it is not to
protect the state from the church as
John Adams said the United States is
built for a moral and religious people
it is unfit for the governance of
anybody else it is to protect the church
from the state you saw in other places
in other revolutions the French
Revolution is a good counter example of
this the separation of church and state
meant the destruction of the church they
knocked down churches they confiscated
church property they built temples to
reason they practically insisted on
atheism as a matter of course and as a
matter of law and look what that did you
the people who say keep your religion to
yourself don't ya look you can be
religious I'm all for people being
religious but don't ever let that affect
anything that you do this is absurd st.
Francis of Assisi said preach the gospel
and if you must speak what is he saying
it means that if you've got the gospel
if you believe in Jesus if you're a
Christian this affects every aspect of
your behavior this affects everything
you do and it should affect everything
you do it should transform your soul it
is st. Paul wrote it there's no longer I
who lives but Christ who lives in me as
well well st. Paul that's fine but don't
let him live publicly don't let us see
him living in you that's crazy this gets
to the other canard that people throw
out they say look we can't legislate
morality stop legislating morality get
your religion out of these politics all
political issues are essentially
religious issues because they come down
to
first principles and they come down to
virtues and they come down to values and
they come down to morals the question of
raising taxes or lowering taxes is a
moral question the question of health
care certainly is one and you hear
religious language about it all the time
human rights what do human rights come
from human rights come from natural
rights natural rights come from the
natural law where's the natural law come
from from the natural log giver the
person who created nature the person who
created that natural law they all come
from the religious background you know a
st. Andrew Breitbart the patron saint of
modern conservatism
he said politics is downstream of
culture cultures downstream of the cult
its downstream of what we worship it
comes through all of that I talked about
this a little bit yesterday yeah for the
left politics is religion that's what
they worship it's why they use these
phrases erasure when you disagree with a
conservative this okay you disagree with
me you don't like my opinion when you
disagree with a lefty they say you're
erasing my identity this is a real
phrase they use on campus and in other
circles and you're gonna hear it become
more mainstream you're erasing my
identity you're invalidating my identity
and in fact you are because that those
politics or their religious identity why
do we need to put caps on certain carbon
emissions why do we need certain fuel
standards and cars to save the planet
that's religion should we tell the left
to get their religion out of politics
no of course you can't do that because
it all it's all downstream of religion
and it's a really shallow understanding
of religion and philosophical thought
and the and the religiosity that built
the West to say we need to full we need
a separate church and state you can't do
it this form of government that we have
comes out of the very religious
convictions that built Western
civilization so you tell your lefty
uncle not quite right
