the media are still in full-scale
weeping mode for themselves so Jim
Acosta is still going on national TV
whining about the fact that he went to a
trump rally and people yelled at him is
it good that people yelled at him in a
trump rally no it's not I said yesterday
I think it's more like a sporting event
to people than it really is like I wish
I would hate Jim Acosta the way you can
tell this is when the cameras go off
they immediately go up and they want to
take pictures with Jim Acosta right they
treat Jim Acosta as though he's the
rival sports star on on another team so
they sort of treat like LeBron James a
Laker now Celtics fans treat LeBron
James the way that Trump fans treat Jim
Acosta basically that LeBron probably
comes to the Boston Garden or whatever
they call it now and the and he plays
and everybody boos him they say that
he's a traitor and they say he's
terrible and then after the game they're
clamoring for an autograph
if you go to Trump rallies that's
actually the way that Acosta's sort of
treated people yell at him they scream
at him it's fun it's fun to say that CNN
sucks cuz CNN does in many cases suck
and then Jim Acosta and then and then
they go up and take pictures of the
Casta well Acosta is still complaining
about this suggesting that we're not in
America anymore by the way he came out
this morning and attacked Sean Hannity
and said that Sean Hannity is a terrible
human so it's okay to attack other
members of the media it's just not okay
for anybody who tracked Jim Acosta here
is Jim Acosta talking about his core of
his horrifying experiences and just I
mean brutal brutal terrible this isn't
America anymore it's just like back in
the Soviet Union where they'd stack you
up at the bottom of the of the KGB
building where the floors were slanted
to catch all the blood and then they'd
shoot you it's exactly like that except
that Jim Acosta got his hair messed up a
little bit not by anybody throwing
anything about him but just because he
was so frustrated so here's Jim Acosta
you know honestly it felt like we
weren't in America anymore III don't
know how to put it any more plainly than
that Americans should not be treating
their fellow Americans in this way I
agree talk to Maxine Waters
talk to talk to members man Tifa talk to
all of these other folks on the Left who
have been willing to do this for a very
long time but apparently you are our
special Jim Acosta and so you know it
didn't happen until it happened to you
right until it happened to you is no big
deal it's just like it's amazing the
media only discovered that the alt-right
were a bunch of jackasses when the
alt-right started attacking people on
the left right though they all right
start attacking Julia Jaffe for example
and suddenly the alt-right was a thing I
took months of alt-right abuse but that
was home
okay because I was on the right
obviously and the the the media's
selective coverage is one of the reasons
why people don't trust the media at all
you see the same thing from ABC's sunny
Hostin who's over on the view
she says that President Trump's attacks
on the press are like the acts of a
dictator jobs are to report the facts
and I think that's one of the reasons
why this president has started this war
against the media because he doesn't
like that the truth is being reported
and I think that means that that is
journalists you have to continue to do
so these are the acts in my opinion of a
dictator dictators attack the press
routinely okay yeah it's just like a
dictator except that when dictators
attack the press they then go and shoot
members of the press they've lent her
Putin air she just didn't go see kills
people so it's just like that except for
he says a lot of dumb stuff on Twitter
so exactly the same pretty much exactly
the same
