so the the debate that everyone's having
now the thing everyone's discussing is
it's it's and it's a great debate it's a
very intellectually stimulating debate
it's over the issue of whether or not
Jesus is a socialist the person who runs
the democratic socialists of America
made this claim recently in an interview
and and then former comedian Stephen
Colbert said the same thing on his show
a couple days ago he said that God is a
socialist and he cited as proof the fact
that Jesus didn't charge a copay before
healing blind people so that obviously
indicates that he was a socialist
so alright let's let's tackle this
question was Jesus a socialist and
here's my argument no you nitwits no he
was not a socialist
and if that's it that's the end of the
show we'll just leave it there because I
don't want
it's hardly it's hardly a statement that
that warrants a response because it's so
absurd but I realize that this is a
popular idea even among some Christians
so I guess maybe I should elaborate a
little bit more net so if I had to
elaborate
then this is what this is what I would
say
I'll give you three reasons why Jesus is
not a socialist and why this whole idea
is completely ridiculous and I'm gonna
move pretty quickly through the first
two reasons I think they're sort of self
evident and I want to focus more on the
third so first of all Jesus did not
endorse any economic or political system
at all so that's the first way we know
he wasn't socialist because he never
said anything about about any kind of
government system or economic system
which means that he wasn't a socialist
but he wasn't a capitalist either to say
that Jesus was a capitalist would also
be ridiculous and you do on occasion
hear that you don't hear that claim
nearly as often as you hear that Jesus
was a socialist but I have heard in
response to that Jesus was a socialist
argument I have sometimes heard people
say well no he was really a capitalist
well it wasn't that either Jesus it's
it's very glaringly obvious when you
read scriptures that or the least the
way that appears is Jesus doesn't really
care that much what's what's economic
system you're you're living under that's
not really his point
and we'll get to his point here in a
minute but he wasn't concerned with that
he wasn't concerned with making these
reforms to political systems that's not
what he was what he was worried about he
could have and in fact I think that most
people in his time expected him to do
that either they expected him to come in
and be a political revolutionary and he
wasn't that and now we have 2000 years
of Christianity and we have we have the
scripture you know that we can go back
and reference to see very clearly that
he was not a political revolutionary yet
yet still somehow even people today are
as surprised and I guess disappointed as
people were back in Jesus's time that he
is not a political revolutionary that's
not what he was about
