with the rise of the social media and
with the rise of the technology I think
there's something else that's happened
too and I don't know where you are
religiously or where you get your values
from but I feel like there's a dramatic
lack of central values in people's lives
the people are now looking for value in
the anger that people feel fulfilled
because they're angry and the angrier
you are the more fulfilled you are the
more chose they are an authentic human
being if you're angry if you if you
quell that anger and actually have a
regional reasonable conversation with
someone this means you're inauthentic it
means you're hiding what you truly feel
but if you're really pissed off that
means that you are an authentic decent
human being and so more angry and
indecent you are the more decent you are
by this perverse logic where do you
think people ought to get their values I
mean your values very practically based
is it just from how you grew up how is
it is it from a religious background
where does that come from I think you
know it's a nature nurture question
right I mean obviously it has a lot to
do with how you're raised but in the end
you you have to hit the reset button and
really decide for yourself not just what
you think but but why this confusion
between passion and conviction
what is there's a line I think it was
Yeats at the end of the best the the
best lack all conviction and the worst
are filled with passionate intensity yep
right so that's it if you don't have the
certainty of your convictions if you
can't make a case if you can't answer
the question you just asked me which
I'll try and get to in a sec then then
what is left you know nothing is left
but an explanation of how you feel and
so if your philosophy ultimately
redounds to an explanation of how you
feel then you're completely beholden to
whatever feeling you might be
experiencing at any given point and then
you're just one of those people who
follow their passion right good luck
with that personally I my philosophy has
a lot to do with being suspicious of
anything that feels easy just as a as a
general rule being wary of all
earnestness in the words of Travis
heeey John D McDonald one of my favorite
fictitious characters who in hindsight
actually formed the basis of my entire
business model and ingratitude you know
a good-natured skepticism a ton of
gratitude and know some honest
intellectual curiosity will probably be
the best replacements least that I can
think of for getting right to the point
of let me tell you how I feel right I
really don't care how you feel honestly
I mean over a beer it's kind of fun
you're talking my language right here I
just don't care I mean it's it's so much
more interesting to understand why you
believe what you believe than it is to
hear about what you believe and that's
why mobs are boring and that's why
protests are tiresome because all the
placards just simply say this is how I
feel this is what I believe
