the California city of Santa Barbara has
passed a new ordinance that could result
in waiters being put in jail if they
give customers a plastic straw
I love satire big overbearing government
oh wait this is a true story the new
ordinance makes each individual straw
distributed a separate violation with
penalties up to $1,000 apiece and six
months in jail California lawmakers said
the ban on straws and other plastic
utensils will have no impact on
pollution since Western countries cause
very little of the plastic pollution in
oceans but they just wanted to mess with
people by showing them how powerful they
were and how little they cared about the
choices or convenience of individual
human beings the legislature legislators
also said the ban would be good for
public morals by keeping Archie and
Veronica from drinking out of the same
malted while cartoon hearts danced
around their heads and it would also be
really funny to watch handicapped people
try to reach their cups until they fell
out of their wheelchairs after making
those remarks the legislators broke into
maniacal laughter and had to be carried
away in straightjackets in a straw poll
46 percent of respondents said the straw
law was the last straw
32 percent said it was the straw that
broke the camel's back 17 percent said
it was straw dog staring starring Dustin
Hoffman and 2 percent said it just
sucked nonetheless the lawmakers said
those arguments were mere straw men and
they refused to bend on the issue
because they didn't have those little
ridges that make bending possible and
are also fun to pull out and press in
like an accordion well it's true the new
law will make it more difficult for
Californians to drink their sodas rest
assured they'll still be able to step in
human feces left by homeless people and
give each other aids on purpose without
suffering any penalties so that's all
right by the way if anyone outside the
state can still hear the sound of my
voice
please come and rescue me please trigger
warning I'm Andrew Clavin and this is
the Andrew Clavin show
all right we are back you know we have
to we have to say we're having a lot of
trouble with YouTube trying to basically
D monetize our videos on this show and
so we want to strike back you know
Twitter has been pretty good to me they
have not really shadow banned me as far
as I can tell but I'm up to 90,000 plus
followers so I want where where the
other 10,000 of you come on let's go
let's get me up get me up for over a
hundred thousand then they'll notice me
and they'll attack me and ban me so
that's dude we're gonna get up to a
hundred thousand on Twitter sign up go
on my Twitter feed actually my Twitter
feed is pretty good you know I'm a
fairly good Twitter all right let you
know we've talking yesterday all the
stuff I said about negotiations is if
the universe is listening to this show
of Court and of course it is that's
what's happening it's exactly what's
happening because yesterday I raised
some questions about Donald Trump's
trade negotiations but I also talked
about the way those negotiations are
being covered the fact that a
negotiation is a motion you're in motion
from one place to another and what the
press and the opposing politicians are
always doing is capturing Trump at one
moment and saying oh where's the deal or
why are you doing this now I've been in
a lot of negotiations in my life I mean
when you do what I do you're a
freelancer essentially you're always
negotiating and I have had been in some
big big negotiations and some
negotiations on which the future of my
family depended truly I mean where I was
on one side was darkness and poverty and
on the other side was wealth and success
and I've been in those negotiations and
of course I've been in negotiations with
some sure a lot of you who've been in
for houses and things like this and one
thing I can tell you is the the two
things that make negotiations harrowing
make them difficult is one you don't
want the the deal to go away and the
other side know
that and so a lot of times when you're
in negotiations for a book or a movie of
course you have an agent and the reason
you have an agent is because it
separates you it puts you at one remove
from the negotiation but it's still you
making the decisions and I remember
sitting through a night of negotiation
where truly my family's future was on
the line and drinking I I drank so much
brandy that if I had done it on a normal
day it would have knocked me unconscious
I was stone-cold sober that's how tense
I was and making very very high-level
decisions but what what makes you
nervous in that case is you don't want
the deal to go away and of course there
are other people people you love and
care about whose future is on the line
but the other thing that gets in your
way in a negotiation is the people
around you the people who also have
something at at risk so for instance an
agent wants to make the deal and he's
always going well maybe that it might go
away might go away and sometimes it
falls to you to be the hard guy even
though it's your project if also you to
say no no I think we can go further I
think we can wait an hour I think we can
you know a lot of times in Hollywood
especially people will say you have you
have an hour to get back to me and you
should never I never respond to that my
feeling is hey you know what if you
can't wait until I made a decision go
away you know and I've and I've pulled
that I have pulled that and it's very
tough to do the the other people can
really get in your way if you're buying
a house for instance I'm a very good
negotiator for Hauser's because I don't
care if a house disappears I have never
loved the house so much that I wasn't
ready to let it go if I couldn't get the
price I wanted but you know your wife
was the person who was going to be
making a home and turning this house can
get very attached to a house and you
know that she's sitting there and
sometimes volubly sitting there you know
so speaking to you saying she really
wants that house and that is something
that is also spurring you on possibly to
make mistakes so when we're listening to
the news the press has a job to do it
has to report what's happening today it
can't report what's happening tomorrow
and it usually has no idea what happened
yesterday so it's just like the like
rush always calls them the drive-by
media they're just driving by and
recording this thing but you as a
consumer of news have to understand that
the press has has something at stake in
this case they usually want to see
Donald Trump fail or they're like The
Wall Street Journal who is afraid of
business you know they're the kind of
business guys they're the guys on the
Monopoly cards that's who they represent
they
with the mustache and everything and
they're afraid that business is going to
suffer so they're constantly doing what
these other people do to you in the
negotiation they're sitting yeah this is
where's the deal what's your what do
you're not doing this what you're not
doing this right
so yesterday I was pointing out that
there I I was holding fire on Trump's
decisions because I know that he's in
motion and I'm not sure where he's going
and I raised some questions and I raised
some doubts yesterday a lot of those
doubts were were answered I have to say
you know how do you know you know when
Donald Trump is at a good day it's when
they stop covering him when they just
just invent he just managed this stuff
he's doing just vanishes and they go off
and find some new silly scandal that
they're trying to tout yesterday he had
a good day he has put these tariffs and
threatened tariffs against friends and
foe alike the Vince the Chinese and
against the European Union and the
European Union came to the table I mean
this this is not victory for Trump but
it is a victory for Trump and there's no
other way to spin this one of the
biggest things you have to do in ago she
ation is bring the other people to the
table with some kind of similar idea to
what you want that you know you do want
to make this movie you do want to go for
you both want to make it so at least
we're talking about the same thing
bringing people to the table is a big
part of this in the EU was threatening
to go off and make deals with China and
make deals with other people but no the
European Commission led by jean-claude
Juncker showed up at the White House and
they said they were ready to talk now
here's the important thing they were
ready to start negotiations about
reaching zero tariffs on both sides and
the important thing here is that was
Trump's stated goal and virtually no one
covered it they kept saying oh he's
saying tariffs are great he's saying
tariffs are great but he said I want no
tariffs that's what he won so here's
Trump announcing this their real success
for him this is why we agreed today
first of all to work together toward
zero tariffs zero non-tariff barriers
and zero subsidies on non auto
industrial goods thank you thank you
thank you we will also work to reduce
barriers and increase trade and services
chemicals pharmaceuticals medical
products as well as soybeans soybeans is
a big deal and the European Union is
going to start almost immediately to buy
a lot of soybeans they're a tremendous
market buy a lot of soybeans from our
farmers in the Midwest primarily so I
thank you for that gent load this will
open markets for farmers and workers
increase investment and lead to greater
prosperity in both the United States and
the European Union it will also make
trade fairer and more reciprocal my
favorite word reciprocal reciprocal cuz
you know what's happening here and by
the way he's emphasizing the soybeans
because the farmers are really suffering
because the Chinese are striking back
against the tariffs that we that Trump
imposed on them the Chinese were
striking back against the farmers and
the Chinese they're no dummies they know
we're his supporters are and they're
going after his supporters but what's
happening here is after World War two I
mean that's how far back this is going
after World War two the world was in
ruins except for us the European Union
Japan
Asha's gone right and so when you talk
about the 50s now prosperous we were one
of the reasons we were so prosperous you
hear Elizabeth Warren I heard her saying
the other day we used to have these high
taxes and that was our most prosperous
time yeah because all the competition
had been leveled to dust I mean when I
say that I mean literally to dust their
civilizations were gone and so you're
not competing with Germany because
Germany is an Ashes you're not big
competing with Britain because they're
putting themselves back together we went
and made them brought them back we
wanted a world that was a working world
we went back and rebuilt Japan we
rebuilt Germany we were and we did it
partially with the lonely things where
we looked you know gave them the
Marshall Plan where we helped them out
but the other thing we did was we gave
them big breaks on trade and they're
still in place and all Trump is doing is
saying you know what world war two is
kind of over you know it's like
it's been a while it's been a couple of
days since World War two ended it's time
to reduce this stuff so yesterday bret
baier had Wilbur Ross the Commerce
Secretary he's obviously the guy in
charge of this one and he explained why
this this deal even though it's just an
agreement to talk it is an agreement to
get to a certain place and and Wilbur
Ross explains why this is a big deal
this is the first one to cut one well I
think there are several very significant
aspects there were no preconditions to
the negotiations no requirement that we
drop any of the 232 tariffs just to get
talks to going as you know that had been
an original EU request they came very
prepared to do business we came prepared
to do business and I think this really
breaks the ground because it has now set
the parameters everything is on the
table
yeah I'm talking zero tariffs possibly
right president made clear at the g7
although as you remember nobody paid any
attention that his end game is zero
tariffs zero none trade non-tariff trade
barriers zero subsidies and zero
barriers to our market access so four
big zeros so that's a that's a big deal
you know that's that's what there's
winnings when you come to the table
without conditions you come to the table
looking for these zero tariffs and and
Ross points out there that this is what
Trump said he said this is the deal I
want and when they cover Trump they do
not pay attention to this and we'll get
into this incredible conflict that Mike
Pompeo had with the Senate yesterday
just just saying to them you keep paying
attention to Trump things Trump says in
the midst of negotiation but you're not
paying attention to where he wants to go
and what the policies reflect of what
they say and the senators keep saying
we'll play some of this it's amazing
audio the senators keep saying well he
said this nice this and pompay will keep
saying yeah but his policies say this I
just want to play one more cut of Wilbur
Ross I know it's a little bit in the
deep weeds but I did ask this question
yesterday why when Trump says I am
buying time with for instance bailing
out the farm
I well why doesn't China just say oh
well we can out we wait him we can
outwait him so of course because the
universe responds to me that this is
exactly the question bret baier asked
Wilbur Ross I just want to say the
reason you took the reason you are
listening to this show is this is the
wisdom show and one of the parts about
wisdom is knowing what you don't know
and like Socrates said I know that I
know nothing that's what made him the
wisest man I know that I know even less
than nothing so I'm even wiser than
socrates after this question and Wilbur
Ross gives this answer the Chinese have
done a very very good job figuring out
the political map and how to target it
but you look at their recent
announcements infusions of capital into
the banks lowering reserve requirements
letting their currency drift downward
they're feeling pain themselves they're
also finding it not so easy to
substitute for all of our farm products
you know you're going to see once they
run out of the soybeans that they
artificially built up they can't just
get all the beans from Brazil and here's
why Brazil is 55% of the beans they buy
we're 33% for Brazil to replace us they
would have to increase their exports to
China by 60% well guess what the Brazil
could have done it that much an increase
at an economical price they already
would have done it they didn't have to
wait for this conflict so they're
finding it not so simple to deal with
their own retaliation just to unpack
that a little cuz I know it's the deep
weeds he points out that China was
storing up soybeans waiting for Trump to
do what he did and kind of outsmarting
him by trying to go after his base with
China's part you know we're in a trade
war with China this is the one thing you
have to agree with Trump about all Trump
is doing is fighting back and yes this
is dangerous war is dangerous to trade
Wars dangerous but the panic that you're
getting from the wall street journal'
the ins insane panic you're getting from
Republicans in the in Congress you know
it doesn't help in the negotiation Trump
may be wrong he may have gotten this
wrong he may lose the negotiation but it
doesn't help them negotiate to have all
these people jumping
on his shoulder saying what's happening
well you know it's like are we there yet
you know it's like what listening kids I
have to point out so my one point about
this is this is a victory for Trump it's
not it's not victory but is a victory
for Trump so how do they cover it the
New York Times a former newspaper their
headline is with surprise deal US and EU
step back from trade war now who was
surprised what was the you know where
does that surprise come from Donald
Trump said this was going to happen
yesterday we played a cut of him saying
oh they're coming to the table the EU is
coming to the table but who's surprised
the New York Times not Donald Trump and
the network's truly dishonest reporting
it's worth playing a minute of this this
is the network's trying to spin this as
if Trump lost as if it was Trump who
blinked instead of the EU and I'm not
saying that you blink that you did the
sensible thing they were under threat
the Trump is right about the tariffs
they should be fair there should be a
zero and here that's reporting this to
the president tonight under pressure
after his own tariffs igniting a trade
war other countries retaliating in as
many American farmers paying the price
you heard from many of them last night
right here well tonight the president
with a new promise reaching out to the
European Union he called them a foe just
a week ago but late today calling a
press conference outside the White House
to say they will now work together
ABC's Terry Moran at the White House
tonight reeling under increasing
pressure from American farmers
congressional Republicans and nervous
wall street investors president Trump
suddenly shed his trade warrior persona
today and declared a truce with the
European Union now to the late
development that could mean the US and
its European allies are stepping back
from the brink of a trade war the
president announcing a compromise today
with the EU but offering few details yet
the nations automakers and some
suppliers say they're already feeling
the pain from the trade war on another
front with China that is amazing that is
amazing dishonest reporting they can't
just say you know he threatened them
they came to the table it's got to be
you know he he threatened me he caved
he came it's just lying it is lying it
is just you know that is those guys
those guys who get paid a lot of money
to go in there and look into a camera
and give you information they took the
money they put on their suits and ties
they went on there with serious looks
and they lied that is what they do at
me that's amazing I don't understand I
really don't I don't understand what
that life would be like I do not
understand what it would be like to be
putting on my tie and looking in the
mirror and of course I don't wear a tie
but I occasionally look in the mirror
and you're looking in the mirror and
thinking I'm going out there and I'm
gonna sell this crap to people if it's
the last thing I do I do not understand
what that life is like god I've got to
play this Pompeo stuff it is just so
good
Pompeyo goes before to talk about the
Russia summit and North Korea and all
this and the Democrats hammer him and
Pompeyo was I gotta say another big
victory for Trump just the fact that
pompeya was standing up for him here he
is talking to Democrat Chris Murphy
about the Helsinki summit and the this
is about the Russians yeah this is the
cut about the Russians let's just play
Chris Murphy is talking to him about
what Trump says and Pompeyo is saying
yeah but watch what he does senator the
policies are themselves statements as
well that the administration makes well
policies are statements and statements
are policies ago that's absolutely not
true
the people make well I make lots of
statements they're not they're not US
policy the president says things right
the president makes comments in certain
places we have we have a National
Security Council we meet we lay out
strategies we develop policies right the
finally knew the president that sets the
course how do I know the difference
between a presidential statement that is
not a policy and a statement that is
Senator here's what you should look at
compare compare the following Barack
Obama speaking tough on Russia and doing
nothing those are true it is I
understand you want to rewrite the Obama
policy on Russia but that's simply okay
you organize to put a comprehensive
unprecedented set of sanctions on on
Russia so the man on that he would have
more flexibility after I'm not listening
my question wasn't about isn't about I
know you want to turn constantly no I
just want to look at facts resolutely
senator I'm trying to get to US policy
it's what I do I can't believe that
Pompey was just alright let's go let's
go crappy and you know and Murphy back
down after after that Murphy started
asking much more friends
questions because when you're willing to
bring up the fact that Obama did try and
sell out American defenses to the
Russians off camera and got caught on an
open mic he just happened to get caught
on an open mic but but listen to what
Murphy is doing what Murphy is doing is
saying how can I tell what the
difference between what Trump says and
the difference between his paw and his
policies of what Pompey was saying is
watch his policies Trump has is a
negotiator he is not just he's not just
the president who sends other people to
negotiate he negotiates he negotiates
and by the way part we were talking
about his lousy character yesterday
which I talk about all the time I never
never pretend that he's a great guy but
bad people make good negotiators I mean
this is one of the things stuff you know
I'm kind of a hard case but I'm actually
fairly a pleasant human but I bet I can
be a hard case in the negotiation but
most hard really hard negotiators what
most really tough negotiators are not
nice people and that's one of the things
you're seeing with Trump and listen
yesterday a lot of victories I got to
play some more this Pompeii of stuff
just because like I love the the
back-and-forth he goes off on they'd
start talking about the North Koreans
we're starting to actually dissemble
some of their nuclear things so Edward
Markey says yes but have they got rid of
all their nukes have they got rid of all
her nukes and Pompeii is like no not yet
but listen things are going well and he
just takes this kind of condescending
tone with the Senators pretty hilarious
fear not this administration has taken
enormous ly constructive actions that
have put us in a place that is far
better than in either of the two
previous administrations one Republican
one Democrat we have put sanctions
regime in place that is unequaled we are
continuing to enforce that sanctions
regime we've made incredibly clear that
we will continue to enforce that
sanctions regime until such time as
denuclearization as we've defined it is
complete pressure on the regime is
clearly being felt we have lots of work
to do but unlike previous administration
senator we have no intention of allowing
the UN sanctions the world's sanctions
that we led the charge have put in place
to allowing those sanctions to either be
lifted or not enforced and until such
time as chairman Kim fulfills the
commitment he made which I am incredibly
hopeful that he will those sanctions
will
we have not been taken for a right
senator to just I hope you're gonna
sleep a little bit better tonight what
you kids leave a little bit about oh you
know Trump had a good good day yesterday
in which a lot of his negotiating
strategies started to bear fruit we will
see how he does it whether he follows
through whether he gets to the end some
of these things are difficult but all
I'm saying is when you're watching the
news remember you are watching the
nervous wife Hussein are we gonna lose
the house are we gonna lose the house
while you're trying to get the price
that you think you can afford because
you're looking 10 years down the line to
whether or not you're gonna be paying a
mortgage that's gonna compromise your
children compromise their schooling or
whatever it is you know the nervous wife
is saying are we gonna lose the house
and you have to keep your eye on the
goal and that's what the Trump
administration is doing right now Donald
Trump is the adult in the room which is
the scariest thought I think he's the
adult in the room but but he had a good
day yesterday I have to talk about this
one other thing the CNN reporter she
Kaitlin Collins was barred from a White
House event because she was screaming
questions about Michael Kohn at what
they call I think what did they call him
like a I can't remember a spray a spray
where they where Trump is sitting there
and and they're throwing her out and
she's shouting these things she was
barred from a subsequent event here is
her side of the story here's Kaitlin
Collins explaining what she feels what
she feels happened to walk you through
exactly what was going on I was
representing the rest of the television
networks during this spray which is what
we refer to it here at the White House
in the Oval Office we were brought into
for the top of the meeting between the
president and the President of the
European Commission
both men delivered remarks and then I
and several other reporters started
asking President Trump
questions this is a normal occurrence
and it is often our only chance to ask
president Trump questions that day and
he often responds to us wolf so to give
you a sense of the questions that the
White House did not like that we posed
to President Trump here they are
thank you thank you
okay now there's a disparity between why
why caitlin collins she was banned she
says she was banned because he didn't
like the questions
sarah sanders the spokeswoman for the
white house says she was banned because
she wouldn't leave the room and she was
being rude okay so that's very different
and and really important this is a very
important point Sandra says CNN was not
bad only she was banned from that event
to punish her essentially for being rude
and not leaving the room when she was
supposed to leave the room so there's
two different versions of the story then
bret baier came under fire and Fox came
under fire for supporting in in their
words for supporting CNN on the matter
of access in other words CNN should have
access now first before we lest we
forget and this is one of the most
amazing pieces of audio or video you
will see and hear today
lest we forget look what happened when
Obama had a rude reporter thrown out of
the press room listen to what happens
this is them the only voices you hear
besides Obama are the voices of the
press themselves these are other
reporters reacting to Obama throwing a
reporter on your my house
it's not you know what it's not it's not
respectful when you get invited to
somebody you're not you're not you're
not gonna you're not you're you're not
gonna get a good response from me by
interrupting me like this no shame on
you you shouldn't be doing this the way
I scored this person out that is amazing
they're chanting Obama oh man this is
the press is chant you know that it's
kind of like when they chanted Trump
Trump Trump oh wait yeah that that will
happen when that very minute that hell
freezes over so here's here's the thing
I want to put the other side of this
forward too though back in 2010 Obama
got so ticked off at Fox News the way
Trump is now ticked off at CNN that he
tried to deal Ajith amaizing he stopped
giving them interviews he stopped
sending his administration on to their
shows at one point the White House
attempted to block Fox from a round of
interviews with the guy they called the
pay czar and the Washington now at this
point the Washington bureau chiefs of
the five TV networks said they would not
interview this guy if Fox couldn't
interview him they stood up for Fox okay
so that it's not that they were always
like this there was not always
supporting Obama when he tried to deal
with Jew demise Fox News the other
networks stood up for them so here's the
thing you got to split the baby on this
banning an individual reporter for being
rude he's all right but even I as much
as I dislike CNN they should have access
so you got to say
banning an individual yes banning the
legitimate news network now and I be on
the basis of the First Amendment
information information CNN should be
able to lie and cheat and sell there's
fake news and still get into the White
House but but she if she was rude
there's nothing wrong with banning her
herself all right we're gonna stay on
yeah we'll stay on for an interview with
Eli Steele Eli still is the writer
director director and producer of the
documentary get this how Jack became
black it's about trying to unroll his
multiracial son in LA is public schools
and learning the boy would be
denied entrance for refusing to state
his primary race he had to choose which
race he was moms or dads and moms and
dads are both mixed up to the film
attempts to answer the question why does
race still matters so much in America
mr. still was born deaf but thanks to a
program designed to Train deaf children
in the auditory method he learned how to
hear and speak his voice is a little
distorted as deaf people's voices
sometimes are for people watching we
have put subtitles on that but if you
are just listening if you listen
carefully you you get used to his voice
and you'll be able to hear what he says
here's Eli Steele the writer director
editor and director of how Jack became
black I am deaf I am black I am Jewish
white Native American so I am what what
about my kids or even more miss than me
I get an email from a Spanish school you
need to pick a primary race one needs to
be primary primary acting one tie the
more primary eating the other I'm not
calling to say which one are you 13 I'm
a kid in education you can ever pick a
primary race I'm not one or the other
I'm in this space in between race is not
an individual choice in America it is a
social choice
Bleck they use the term multiracial or
biracial to distance themselves from
blackness but who says that I have to
stay in that space there's so many kids
who are being born of this next
generation that are not a single race
we're not able to say oh I'm mixed
because you're forcing me to pick a race
very tempting to just say let's just
forget it I'm a human being I think it's
a fear I don't think we as a nation are
there yet they want to stay stuck into
the norm of what we're used to is race
really the driving force in America mr.
Zimmerman was a white Hispanic you know
if I had a son he'd look like Trayvon
always gonna be that average white male
you know privileges whiteness at the top
of the scale they have mistaken white
supremacy for personal excellence we've
been trained to put someone in a
category by raised if not fit into a box
here we go - she will be back American
Council and it is a what
Feli thanks so much for coming in I
appreciate it thank you for having me
your film is called Jack became black
and it's basically about registering
your son at school but before we get to
that and the and the racial craziness
involved but before we get to that talk
a little bit about who you are what your
heritage is and where where you come
from I was kind of born in defeat in
America
I've born in the English deputies to a
black father in his Jewish mother and at
that time he restored up something she
celebrated it was Park where the word
the coming together Americans across the
color line and I think then I think the
Polish is grown my my choice I'm the
first one ever
if you think about that um slavery
segregation ever she stay I am Who I am
I am NOT gonna be what the government
tell me should be which would be black
uh-huh I am black I am Jewish that's
just who I am and that posed a huge
problem for identity politician at that
Google you know is it I mean you're
you're black and Jewish so you have won
the oppression sweepstakes here and and
you have a handy good Oh Margot mints
and you have a handicap so that's your
really identity politics you've got it
sewn up and now your wife what's her
heritage definitely I'm it's right and
she depreciation born in America but
Mexico okay so now you have how many
children did you to its jacking June
okay so so now so Jack has now black
Jewish Mexican yeah Andy because he'd be
more complicated my ex-wife's stepfather
is Mormon okay though biologically is
jacking to you know you know she's money
became Mexican in their hat but they got
the whole influence and I mean it's just
immediate apparently when she
plus America I mean they are the most
all America they're all American right
so now you take Jack now you're taking
them to register
in public school yes where where is this
Los Angeles in Los Angeles because good
district in America and and what do they
want from you
they wanted me to check a primary race
by a primary race box which I had never
seen before and that's the actual place
you know in cap and at that point what
do you do I mean I'm looking at looking
Jackie and Jackie no eyelid skin and
what do you I would do I put what is she
and why why only one and then the second
being there was decided okay you know
what I think they're up out I make a
check immunity and oh no no you have to
pick one or he not Community School he
cannot come in to a public school in not
beginning his education unless we have
that race information so to pick a
primary races first of all is picking
between his parents after he hit right
answer and and it's also saying that his
heritage which is unique doesn't exist
he had a matter yeah and go see 50 for
me this is good this is the fun line I
mean there's just you know everyday
people they had no idea would be what
they were doing or any idea why I had to
share this bar so I mean survived if
you've gone got five different answers
Jackman why is he black black and bored
and you know those are you kind of
training proved the point but nobody
really knows anything
so did you eventually make a choice yes
what so you may jet that's how Jack
became black is we had to get in to an L
a public school exactly and I kind of
wanted to meet the point though that
mixed we have almost kinda but repair
list this to me they okay I'm gonna use
new yorky to be black in the form and
then we see a showed up you gave me the
key to a black here and she's tiny
showed the whole absurdity of it then
after throw you Mickey the bellman
that's just a 30-point
I kind of opened up to the whole of
identity politics in America and I kind
of started experimenting really minute
it identity policies really a racial
water cuz they're really organized yes
by race uh-huh
so that vices kind of study going people
into the issue and because I know with
identity policy we kind of focused on
the moistures - Beth but that kind of
ignores that we live in America and the
white supremacy with actually the very
first form of identity politics we had a
black part you had a white path which is
reinvented of parties issued by primary
race party to ideally policy and so
that's why to be under white supremacy
my father my grandfather would be black
and inferior and that we are barely
there and that's why today shifty a
whole group of people like for example
powerful with the whole affirmative
action candle the marking entire race of
people at not having a personality to
devalue them and this is done in the
name of racial Jesse yep and that's what
racial warders do you if this is
organized if by Reese there are there
are even universities now with dorms for
black students which to me is so
appalling I mean being from the old
school where we're trying to get rid of
that stuff deathly it's a ball so so now
you make us but there are people in this
film who essentially left-wingers who
essentially accuse you of turning your
back on the issue of race what's the
logic of that um dia holding onto the
moon drop blue and they are also defined
by black polish it and you know I mean
we with some of what they stay in termed
policies you know ain't but why do I
have to subscribe see that entire frame
look at that good thing you know that's
not what I was talking about that's not
the promise to be in American if we had
the freedom she be able to make choices
for ourselves she should look at
everything and so and but why do I have
to keep up my individuality GP power
that good yeah okay you know and why do
you do you think why why is it so
important to them that you make a choice
not just for your son but essentially
for you why do you think they want that
because they believe they had the lead
that that would lead you reaches justice
did they need the numbers did he need
the Alicia she whoever society with the
black polish if it can be they need
people she plays Alicia she that and
when to be like me
there's no I kind of wonder it's not my
wish Jackie will you staying but I want
to look at the big picture is it wet
yeah because you mean I'm not going to
be one who mission you're kind of black
and for me that's what we always talk
about wait black and for me black really
to me is the stories that come from the
responsibility I have she my heritage
because I do really feel the
responsibility should be the best person
I can be because you know my people stop
it so much and I wouldn't be here if
they had found the way she make it
possible the right to feel there is
nothing machete but if the mind will you
when you look in ways when you make
black polishes you were pocket the time
to get locked into that path of grace
and you see the humanity beyond it in
term time to get trapped in that power
where you like for example you stay
everybody sharing the black mayor of the
in California students are now on the
ground and the weedy level on the gray
really level with the oh okay that black
the black that's why you don't move
beyond that problem beyond a label she
see the deeper problem if I stay WIP
shame if the mayor of student are not on
the gray in really level the next step
is what's the problem who need buyer how
he is chained there so a lot of people's
deep laughing they stop yeah into that's
the world with the trap yeah that you
know that is absolutely true I think
they're so afraid they're so afraid that
people are going to put forward some
kind of genetic explanation that they're
afraid to look at all the other
explanations like family's dysfunction
and all and all kind including
affirmative action I think which is it
can be a dysfunction absolutely they
argue there no black lives matter it
could be a much more effective if you
want to organize this you you want if
bitch please boot ality you have
the bigger problem it's not just black
people and I know the whole history
behind the flashing police she but we
also have to be aware that we live in
2018 right
and we have a guy a white guy that was
shot in Arizona after for a minute
contrary direction given to him how can
you ignore that just because she's white
yep yep and you know you can't bring to
be real early story then may me embrace
all of who our world in which a family
plan he was like at the Black Panthers
in Oakland he was my idea on the freeway
ramp we are the black guy they steer
motorcyclist class the crash on the
ground they stop they walk over they
flip the paese he's white they flip it
back on Wow they get back in this in the
car and they drive around him aren't you
the freeway so that's better always been
ok that's wrong we were Americans we
have to look in the whole situation
so now you've put out this this movie
how Jack became black what kind of
reactions are you getting from the right
and a lot I am very surprised TM gave
you a really positive reaction from both
boomer if they recalled the Bernie
Sanders left and these plump white so
the so the far left and the Trump right
that Bernie the socialist left it likes
this move yes because they know the
auntie auntie Paula she's getting their
way they know there may be put people in
race party you can't go any further
this is the past that's why it's not a
sure it's not a pathways you I have to
admit I'm startled to hear you say this
when you say that people in the Bernie
Sanders left do you mean the politicians
or you just mean the ordinary people I
would do the people okay
be code first and program I went to
reaching Film Festival in Washington DC
and it was a very progressive Film
Festival and so I was kind of worried
but we actually would be and the
reaction from the audience was very very
positive there was two ladies next to me
who will probably have more bespeak in I
dainty polish it uh-huh
the real habit disagree
with them to our state that if you have
some story investment in attained
apology or derived the power from it in
a collective movie a right right so the
ordinary people know that they're this
identity politics doesn't actually serve
them because it puts them in the box
with the people one in the Box cuz
that's where they get their power he's
deaf en I mean I had young children uh
between cleaving from poor neighborhood
coming up to me after the after the film
and the range toasters Jesse's more year
t-shirt and then which is back in a
today chief morning in on more like one
girl I told one girl at the world we
applied race party but we have on 180
days people for a hungry eating nation
representing in America how can you fit
all of that in soup Irish bar right and
she was a flesh one in your article
Tyler plan so that's how you make little
changes like that absolutely absolutely
and why should you do it you know let
alone how do you do it why should you do
it how Jack became black working people
see this unfortunately almost everywhere
I tuned Amazon Prime and nearly every
cable network on on to our on-demand
cool ok yeah so you see baby on the new
release shift or Easter story okay thank
you very much for coming I appreciate it
alright stuff I like that was good Brian
Drexler we should just do this forever
at some point I feel we should choose
one but maybe not as I so you know I do
like to return to the classics from time
to time and you know the last couple of
stuff I like has been
TV shows that have been on really good
ones but still and the opening the first
day of this week I guess it was I think
it was Monday I was talking about
socialism and how it kills civilizations
and uh you know I said that it kills it
in two ways especially that it turns
people into slaves which is the
but it also removes God socialism is
perforce a materialist philosophy you
can't have God and a sense of your own
worth and your individuality and then
say oh yes but the state owns everything
you make and this state has the power to
disperse your wealth and to say it's
democratic socialism means nothing that
just means the majority is terrorising
over the minority to say that appart
what a person does with his time which
is his life right what he does with his
life belongs to him his property belongs
to him because his property is an
outgrowth of his life in his time his
money belongs to him and when I said
that it removes God and that destroys
civilizations there were people I saw
people online just like raging against
we saw them said stupid stuff like well
what about the Romans you know the room
had said gods you know they've had
different gods but they were still gods
and I didn't say which God you had to
have although I think it does of course
make a difference but the the thing
about why does losing God why does
civilizations die the way Europe has
died without God and the reason is is
that your that meaning goes out of life
I mean one of the reasons I tease Jordan
Peterson whenever I see him I'm gonna
stop doing this but Jo I can get him to
say do you believe or not because he's a
Jungian and ultimately with Jung you're
basically saying God is a metaphor
you're saying God is a metaphor for very
deep evolutionary some you know
consciousness in humankind but with God
you believe your actions have meaning
you believe in action can be evil or it
can be good it's not just evil or good
to you it is not just evil or good to
human beings is not just evil and good
because of game theory is actually evil
or good and and the guy who really drew
a beautiful picture of how what happens
to people as they act in the moral
universe is William Shakespeare there's
a lot of people who say William
Shakespeare is a secular writer the
great Shakespeare scholar of our day is
Stephen Greenblatt who's a wonderful
writer but he insists the Shakespeare is
among the most secular of playwrights
and I just believe that's untrue
Shakespeare was writing at a time where
if you said the wrong thing religiously
you got burned at the stake and not a
you know a time when you want to be very
careful I believe Shakespeare was a
Catholic actually and so does Greenblatt
by the way I think green bet
says he was a Catholic and what
Shakespeare did that I don't think
anybody had ever done before is he
simply he didn't preach a lot I mean
there's Jesus and his he didn't preach
at all there's Jesus in this place but
he's just shows human action taking
place in the Christian human universe
right so the things people do happen in
a world of Christian morality and he
just takes that for granted and because
he took it for granted we take it for
granted we don't even know it really a
lot of our vision of morality comes from
Shakespeare comes from Shakespeare
basically extrapolating from Catholic
doctrine and putting it on the world and
his characters act within that structure
and one of the things that I believe and
by the way I'm a very well-read person
especially in the field of literature
because I worked and we work in the
field of literature and I wanted to know
everything about it I could but I'm not
a scholar so when I say things I you
know I know scholars and I know the
depth and breadth of information they
have I'm extremely well-read but I'm not
a scholar and so when I say some of
these things I'm just telling you my
impressions but I cannot think of a
villain who exists before Shakespeare
who does the things that Shakespeare's
villains do and then suffers because of
them the way Shakespeare's villains do
so for instance let's take two of his
villains Richard the third which is the
third in Shakespeare we don't know about
in history but it seems in history to
some extent to kills his way to the
throne and we first see Richard he first
comes on stage in his play after it's
the War of the Roses and one of the long
periods of war has ended and that's
where he comes out and says now is the
winter of our discontent right that's
he's talking about Worcester winter of
our discontent made glorious summer by
the son of York so his side has won for
a while in the war of roses and he says
you know there are two human activities
one is war and the other is love and
when war is over you have peace and then
it's time for love but the problem is
he's a humpbacked ugly little man and he
says I'm deformed unfinish'd sent before
my time into this breathing world scarce
half made up and that so lamely and
unfashionable that dogs bark at me as I
halt by them why I and this weak piping
time of peace have no delight to pass
away the time unless despy my shadow in
the Sun
and descant on my known deformity and
therefore since I cannot prove a lover
to entertain these fair well-spoken days
I am determined to prove a villain ya
know but I can't think of us anybody
saying that not that I'm going to do
this in this and such and so and it's
bad but I'm going to become a villain
because I'm not cut out to be a lover
I'm too ugly to be a lover so I'm going
to become a villain any so that he knows
the moral universe is there and he makes
an open decision of his own free will
and with good motives that he thinks are
good motives to violate that moral
universe and in doing this of course he
becomes king he kills his way to the
throne seduces kills murders his way to
the throne and then finally when the
revolt comes against his tyranny he's
waiting for this final battle the battle
where he's going to be killed
Bosworth Field and suddenly all his
victims come back to him so in knowing
that he violated the moral universe he
become he becomes conscious ridden and
all these dreams and ghosts come back to
him they all have the same message for
him
despair and die that's what they say to
him his wife comes back he's murdered
his wife and his wife comes back and
says Richard thy wife that wretched and
thy wife that never slept a quiet hour
with me now fills thy sleep with
perturbations tomorrow in the battle
think on me and fall thy edgeless sword
despair and die and he wakes up and he's
cries for Jesus he says have mercy Jesus
ooh he's soft I did but dream Oh coward
conscience how does that afflict me so
knowing that the universe is there and
violating it he becomes conscious ridden
and his conscience ultimately undoes him
and he dies a terrible death on the
field of Bosworth so that's one way in
which Shakespeare's depicting us living
within not a free world lot of free
space where we can act any way we want
but a world in which our morality comes
back and pays us back even if it's only
in the mind
he gets haunted by ghosts and there's
some question about whether Shakespeare
actually believes that in these ghosts
we think of them as psychological
entities but he may not have but the
other villain is Macbeth and Macbeth
does more than Richard the third he
doesn't recognize the moral universe at
all he does but his wife doesn't and it
cuz his wife basically takes him over
and guides him to murder his way to the
throne he violates nature in Shakespeare
Shakespeare had no problem with
depicting women as wiser smarter funnier
more efficient and competent than men
he's often did that Portia in the
Merchant of Venice he often depicted
women but but he recognized that women
had different natures than men and were
set up to do different things but Lady
Macbeth rejects that she calls on
spirits meaning demons really - she says
come you spirits that tend on mortal
thoughts unsex me here and fill me from
the crown to the toe top-full of direst
cruelty so in other words women are not
as cruel as men but she asked to be
filled with tireless cruelty and she
says take my milk for gall and later
when she's talking to Macbeth she says
to him you've heard the phrase the milk
of human kindness that's still something
we say right this comes from this play
and she says to make Beth I fear thy
nature it is too full of the milk of
human kindness in other words you're too
womanly you're too much you to have too
much of the nature of a woman let me be
the man here and I will take this over
so when they come to Macbeth and they
tell him that his wife has died just
before his final battle it's not just
conscious that comes to him the entire
meaning of life vanishes the entire
world becomes a nihilistic universe
without meaning and and it's one of the
great nila sticks Pietschmann
realistic coming from the fray the term
meaning nothing it's one of the greatest
knee allistic speeches in all of
literature right written by one of the
most moral writers in all of literature
so he gives this beautiful speech to
Macbeth as he's about to die finding
that life is meaning I'll read this to
you you know actually if we need to we
need some dramatic lightning I'll really
deliver this speech here well good I'll
even do my my Macbeth accent although
he's Scottish I can't do Scottish come
as close as I'm gonna go well isn't make
that after he has heard that his wife
has died - has moved him - what murder
after another love the lighting
excellent he says - tomorrow tomorrow
and tomorrow and tomorrow creeps in this
petty pace from day to day to the last
syllable of recorded
time and all our yesterday's have
lighted fools the way to dusty death
out out brief candle life's but a
walking shadow a poor player that struts
and frets his hour upon the stage and
then is heard no more it is a tale told
by an idiot full of sound and fury
signifying nothing
give me the lights back so I can see
what the hell I'm doing I love it I love
it anyway his life is a tale told by an
idiot it signifies nothing it means
nothing because Macbeth has stepped
outside that moral universe because of
course if there is a god there is also
there is also those things that are not
God anything that exists has things that
it is not has a nature right anybody who
says Oh God is whatever you believe is
saying there is no God to God as in
nature and he has stepped outside of
that now the world means nothing to him
socialism destroys people because when
you take away God you ultimately put
them in that position
they may not recognize it they may still
behave in a moral way they may still
believe that meaning makes sense but
their philosophy really doesn't make
sense anymore and they they're just
acting on other people's philosophies
that they've given them but think about
it in your own life in your own life
when you have this feeling Oh life is
meaningless is it because you have
stepped outside you have created that
meaningless life when you are hounded by
conscience or the left is always saying
to you don't make me feel guilty why are
you shaming us you're slut-shaming up
well it's not me it's not me it is
because you have stepped outside this
moral web and gotten caught in that web
and if you are like Richard the third
and you know the moral web is there you
will be haunted by conscience if you are
like Macbeth and you have tried to shed
it entirely you will find a world that
is meaningless what then happens when
you act within the moral framework I
would argue that then that is where you
find the joy of life the Cleveland this
weekend is upon us want to talk about
life being a walking shadow a poor
player that struts and you know a tale
told by an idiot full of sound and fury
signifying nothing it's here the clay
from this weekend but we will be back on
Monday survivors gather here I'm Andrew
Clavin this is the Andrew Clavin show
the Andrew Clavin show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover and our technical producer is
Austin Stevens edited by Emily J audio
is mixed by Mike Carmina hair and makeup
is by Joshua alvera the Andrew Klavan
show is a daily wire for word publishing
production copyright for word publishing
