it it also does seem to me as just an
outside observer it seems to me that
they're stonewalling you guys and
they're actually hostile toward
congressional oversight today bill
McGurn and The Wall Street Journal
suggested that the president Trump
should simply declassify all the
documents that you're trying to get at
so that they can't best redact them all
the time or hold back on them what do
you think of that idea we do need the
president's assistance particularly to
declassify documents from before the
31st of July so the Department of
Justice has maintained two congressional
oversight members that this
investigation began on the 31st of July
but when I asked Rosenstein before our
committee what investigative activity
took place before that time he said he
would not answer the question well if
there was no investigative activity it
would just be easy to say there wasn't
anything that occurred before the 31st
of July and so there inconsistencies and
in the responses were getting from DOJ
and particularly in those areas where
they've said things that cannot be both
accurate the president needs to give us
access to those foundational documents
to understand those questions because
what I think happened is that I think
that there were people that were paid to
go and collect intelligence on the Trump
campaign before the pappa da polis
discussion in London and if we got those
documents we would be able to prove
whether that was the case or not
what paid by whom by the by the United
States government I mean I believe that
we're going to see six-figure payments
to people who were then asked to go and
run and collect intelligence on the
Trump campaign you you believe that the
United States government was paying
people to collect counter intelligence
on the Trump campaign before before
there was any information from
Papadopoulos or the Australians or
anything yeah and my basis for that
belief is that when we ask questions
about it they won't answer and if the
answer was no it'd be very clear it'd be
very easy to just say no right now I
don't want to you know I don't want to
say that I'm certain of that it's my
suspicion right and that's how you
develop facts throughout throughout a
case and so if the president would
declassify that information we would see
whether or not those payments were in
fact made and I think they were but I'm
happy to be proven wrong if we get
access to the documents or even if we
just got straight answers I'd be willing
to say that that wasn't on
and suspicion but as long as they're
stonewalling it really it really raises
the question can you think of any reason
why President Trump would not declassify
these documents you know I think the
president really wants to have a
hands-off approach to this I think he
does understand that his excessive
entanglement with the process functions
would would be really you know would be
a downward pull on his presidency and so
I think he's trying not to do that it's
a very awkward dynamic right where he is
the subject of the investigation yeah
but at the same time he is the elective
he's the only elected person in the
executive branch I I have to ask if you
think that the government was paying
people to investigate what was
essentially the opposing party at that
point do you think that this goes up to
the White House do you think Obama was
involved in those decisions well we
asked a lot of questions about what it
meant when struck in Page were texting
back and forth about the White House
wanting to be up-to-date on information
and wanting to be involved again I mean
I think that that would be a very
serious charge but we'll only know the
answer if we get the document so I don't
want to say that I'm certain of that I
don't know if it was a lower-level
decision but until we're able to really
understand that decision tree it really
it really undermines the integrity and
the Independence of the Department of
Justice and the FBI because we're left
wondering whether or not they were used
to obtain a political outcome rather
than an investigative outcome
