now let's talk about some more extremism
by some leaders on the left now it's
always funny when I talk about extremism
on either political side there are a lot
of folks who suggest well you're just
cherry-picking you're just picking the
worst examples of everybody you're
taking things out of context you're
picking all the worst well not really
keith Ellison is the deputy head of the
DNC he was almost the head of Democratic
National Committee he said yesterday
that if you don't allow people to freely
cross the border for any reason if you
don't allow us you just open up our
borders this creates injustice this is
the direction in which the left moves
when they cut themselves off from the
American people and any debate involving
the American people here's what keith
ellison again Deputy Chair of the DNC
had to say corporations certain people
who get certain rights can go back and
forth across the border seeking out the
lowest wages but people regular people
cannot go back and forth across the
border seeking out the highest wages so
what it creates is an imbalance it
creates an injustice and what it and it
creates the need for something like a
global Marshall Plan a global margin so
we need a global Marshall Plan and we
need to get rid of all of the various
borders that we have so this is a
mainstream position on the left now
okay keith Ellison is a mainstream actor
just like Jeremy Corbyn is the
mainstream position on the left in
Britain Alexandra okay Jie Cortese yes
she's the oh she she said got her name
sort of sort of right there I'm really
having trouble at this one she is she's
now the mainstream of left they've moved
far to the left and one of the reasons
they moved fired the left is because
they're no longer having conversations
that are worthwhile the last election
cycle saw Donald Trump say a few things
that I think were credible right he I
think he exaggerated the case but he
said a few things that were basically
true and a lot of people I'm left refuse
to accept them he said that there is a
problem with regard to radical Islamic
terror and he said that over and over
and over radical Islamic terror then
Hillary Clinton would come out and say
there is nothing wrong with Islam and if
she just pulled the American public what
you'd find is that most Americans don't
think that all Muslims are terrorists
most Americans do think that radical
Islamic terror is a problem but because
she was so convinced that everybody on
the right is a Reuben a hick
she decided I can just safely ignore
those people and I can label everyone in
deplorable and it'll be fine for me the
same thing happened with regard to
immigration Trump ran on a hardline
immigration platform probably the
hardest line immigration platform we've
ever seen
and Trump won because of that why not
because people actually agree with every
element of that hardline immigration
platform in fact polls show people don't
even necessarily grow at the wall right
but what it does show is that there is a
seizing problem that is bubbling under
the surface in this country with regard
to immigration where people are looking
at a legal immigration they're saying
there are a lot of people coming here
and they're coming here for the benefits
and there are a lot of people who are
coming here who are criminals and there
are a lot of people who are coming here
who are just not being integrated into
our culture and that doesn't mean we're
anti-immigrant it means go to the border
and cross legally it means we'd have to
vet the people who come into the country
and Trump took that to its ultimate
extreme he basically said illegal
immigrants are disproportionately all of
these things all these bad things which
is not true but it is true that this was
a problem that Americans were seeing and
the left was simply saying Mike keith
Ellison opened up all the borders this
is the danger of an echo chamber so when
you rule out viewpoints from the other
side particularly reasonable viewpoints
from the other side because everybody's
a racist sexist pig and homophobe all
you end up doing is isolating yourself
all you end up doing is destroying your
own credibility with your own people and
this has become I think the the case of
the left
