it's a real other ring to borrow the
left-wing term it's a real looking down
at people like their lesser like they
don't deserve what you deserve like they
don't enjoy what you're like they're a
different species almost oh no they
don't we'll just they can skip ahead
it's a total missing of priorities and
you see it on the left you see it all
the way from birth to death and
everywhere in between it's the left
that's pushing abortion killing babies
it's the left that is pushing these anti
human policies of prioritizing the delta
smelt over human beings
and it's the left who's pushing Death
with Dignity we have to kill old people
now they're not having the best time
ever anymore so let's kill them plus
they're using up plus they're using up a
lot of medical resources most of your
medical spending in life is in the last
six months of your life so let's just
let's pull the plug early that's the
part they don't say out loud but they do
whisper it to one another from beginning
to end it's an anti-human ideology or
coalition of ideologies and when you
sense that when you get a whiff of that
I think that's how you know that it
isn't right in a theological way it's
where you see this sort of mark of the
devil coming around whenever people are
trying to really increase human misery
that way in the name of compassion and
just even in a in a more material and
secular way you you can just see it when
someone wants the the anchovies to have
a better day than the Bangladeshis run
away from that ideology that's not a
good ideologies
