Jonathan says hi Andrew in an article by
Ryan Saavedra he shares some information
from Fox News indicating that the
economy has been improving since 2011
how can Trump be credited with the
current economic status well here's the
thing when the economy crashes like it
did in 2008 a major major crash it has a
natural tendency to rebound very quickly
very in a very big way Obama did
everything he could to sit on that
rebound only because he doesn't know
anything because he thinks he knows
stuff and he doesn't and so the economy
did rebound but it rebounded at this 1%
growth is kind of steady slow thing and
all Trump did all he did was put a
little bit of animal spirits into the
business community by saying things are
gonna go great and I'm gonna back you
pulling out regulations and cutting
taxes and he the more he does that the
more the economy will rebound we are
really having the rebound we would have
had under Obama if he hadn't done all
that leftist nonsense in the health care
bill that kept it slow so in other words
but people say oh well the economy was
coming back under Obama I agree
the economy would have come back and the
American common economy is so resilient
it would have come back if you just put
a gigantic rock on over we did Obama was
that giant rock but I think it still was
vibrant enough to come back all Trump
has done really is get the government
out of the way I think it's an
interesting case tie you to under the
Obama and the Trump years to look at
states with Republican legislators
legislatures and governors yep as well
because even under Obama you still saw
Republican states like Florida and Texas
that were thriving despite all the
regulations exact well that is the great
thing about the federal thought you know
the federal system is you can come yet
compete like that
