twenty-eight-year-old socialists
alexandria occasion Cortez is coming
under fire for being as stupid as a 28
year old socialist Ocasio Cortez will
remember when a Democrat primary for a
New York City congressional seat when
Democrat powerhouse Joseph Crowley got
too complacent to campaign against her
proving himself to be as stupid as a 28
year old socialist so voters couldn't
tell the difference between him and
occasional Cortez who actually is a 28
year old socialist and so by definition
is this stupid is a 28 year old
socialist now some of you may be saying
well Clavin or Cleveland or Nunez or
whatever your name is just how stupid is
a 28 year old socialist
let's find out occasion Cortez was asked
if socialism is so great how come
capitalism has made people richer than
they ever have been at any time in the
history of humankind those things that
you talked about that you discuss are
part of the course of human evolution
and so I would hope that the most recent
economic system our current economic
system is the one that is most
beneficial for everyday people that's
right we just got richer because we
evolved over hundreds of years under
capitalism so now it's time to have
socialism so we can have the fun of
going back to being gorillas again but
what about those great low unemployment
numbers we look at these figures and we
say Oh unemployment is low everything is
fine right well unemployment is low
because everyone has two jobs
unemployment is low because people are
working 60 70 80 hours a week and can
barely feed their kids in other words
everybody has a job because everybody
has two jobs if everybody only had one
job then everybody would have a job and
that would be different
new polls are showing Democrats are
abandoning older candidates like Joe
Biden and Nancy Pelosi because they just
aren't stupid enough which is the answer
to the question how stupid is a 28 year
old socialist stupider than Joe Biden
and Nancy Pelosi whoa trigger warning
I'm Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Clavin show
all right it's here it's mailbag day you
it's my bad now I'm so nervous I'm so
upset I don't know what to talk about ah
we had a great conversation yesterday
with Alicia great questions and we've
got those questions that are left we are
putting in the mailbag but before we
talk about that we have to talk about
Express VPN which I love no no one's
actually told me about this is the only
time I ever took him seriously and I
went out and got expressvpn
which is a virtual privacy network that
means when you make an online purchase
or you're just going around looking at
your email it doesn't put your private
information at risk it takes about 10
seconds to load this thing up it's easy
to use is when it runs seamlessly in the
background of my computer it's running
right this minute the protection takes
one-click expressvpn secures and
anonymizes your internet browsing by
encrypting your data and hiding your
public IP address protecting yourself
with expressvpn cost less than seven
dollars a month and it just means that
people can't see you know if for
instance you have a moment of weakness
you get a little drunk you listen to
Knowles's show you don't want people
knowing you're their expressvpn protects
your privacy protect your online
activity today and find out how you can
get three months free at Express VPN
dot-com slash clayvin that's e.x PR es s
vp n as in nancy comm slash clayvin
three months free with a one-year
package visit Express VPN dot-com slash
how do you spell it all together now que
la vie aan expressvpn that's working
right this this minute so Rob doesn't
know what I'm looking at because I even
come looking at my script alright so in
the conversation yesterday we had a
really good question someone asks why
I'm easier on Trump
and Bennett and I said well this is
because Shapiro has a political outlook
and I have a cultural outlook so Pierrot
is judging everything Trump says kind of
individually in the political moment
where I'm always looking at the cultural
the large cultural view where are we
going and if we're getting more free as
I believe we are under Donald Trump then
if he makes a mistake he makes a mistake
no big deal as long as he's pointing
judges who protect the Constitution I'm
for him as long as he is cutting back
taxes make it which makes us more free
I'm for him as long as he's cutting back
the the administrative state and cutting
back all kinds of regulations which he
is doing like no one has done in my
lifetime you know then then the fact
that he makes a mistake here and there
doesn't really bother me but there's
something else is I didn't say which is
that you know Ben has a legitimate one
of the things about Ben and me I park
talked about this in the conversation is
we almost always see the same facts we
always almost always see the situation
exactly the same and then have different
opinions about it which is different
than two people who can't even agree on
what's going on and Ben is concerned
about the conservative movement and he
is concerned about the fact that it is
hooked its wagon to trump Starr to the
degree that when Trump does make a
mistake or when he does one of his kind
of off you know he talks like a carnival
barker sometimes and just says something
no relationship to the truth Ben doesn't
like to see his fellow conservatives
just follow him down that hole you know
conservatives are supposed to be you
know attached to principle not to
person's we're not supposed to look for
our salvation and princes looking out to
princes for your salvation so you know
that really concerns Ben why doesn't
that concern me because it's definitely
happening there's no question that it's
happening right now after Trump's fairly
ad disasters it's too strong a word but
his gaffe at the in Helsinki at the
Helsinki press conference with the left
just going hysterical there are people
on the right who say no no no it was the
greatest moment of his career it was
absolutely brilliant he was playing
seven you know dimensional chess and he
said this and he he really made pootle
effect it's just not true you know and
it's bothersome because Ben cares about
the conservative movement and he doesn't
want to see his people on his own side
just going down that the primrose path
the difference with me is to be honest
with you I never expected
of of any movement of any conservative
movement back in the day when it was
Obama selling us out to Medvedev at
Vivid you dev Nunez or whatever his name
is they where he said you know I'm gonna
get rid of our missiles after the next
election on the right people were
screaming the way they're screaming now
on the left I remember this vividly if
people just say this is treason this is
treason and even then I was saying you
know what that's not treason it's just a
guy who's a clown and doesn't really
know what he's doing and and the thing
is I don't feel that conservatives are
better people
then leftist there are plenty of
faithful husband's on the left good
fathers and mothers on the left funny
people who do their jobs honestly plenty
of people who you could trust with your
life on the Left money people on the
military serving their country on the
left the difference is the ideas now I
do believe that the worse an idea is the
more it degrades you if you have a
really bad idea it will degrade you
personally ultimately if you follow that
idea with integrity but the funny thing
about the people on the left is that
they the ones who are successful the
rich ones the rich lefties and places
like LA and Brooklyn and things like
that they live conservative lives they
live lives just like the right would
want people to live they just have this
kind of line of pattern that they put
out so so you lose your integrity
because you're not following your ideas
I just think right-wing ideas are better
and that ultimately I think if you
follow them makes you a better person
I think freedom is better than slavery I
think socialism is a soft form of
slavery no matter how you do it whether
it's democratic or not it's a soft form
of slavery it's taking your work for
somebody else's purposes taking the
sweat of your brow for somebody else's
purposes and that's just another
difference I don't expect much from the
conservative movement I just expect much
from me I expect me to come here and
tell you the truth as I see it the facts
as I know them and that's what I expect
if some other guy is going off in this
reactionary way you know I can't do
anything about it it's kind of what I
expect there are crazies on our side
just like they are crazies on the other
and they're dishonest people on our side
just like there are dishonest people on
the other the big difference here is not
between me and Ben it's the difference
between the reaction to Trump and the
reaction to Obama it's not even the
difference between Obama and Trump Obama
Trump and George W Bush all made the
same mistake
with Vladimir Putin they all just didn't
think that he was the scorpion they all
got on the back of the suite you all
know the story of the Frog what is it
the Frog carries the Scorpion over and
that frog says well wait aren't you
gonna sting me and the Scorpion says why
why would I sting you then you die and
we both sink and they get halfway across
the river the scorpion stings the Frog
and the Frog says why'd you do that mr.
bean says that's my nature I'm a
scorpion vladimir putin is a scorpion so
trump has at least acknowledged that he
made a mistake in hell it's not exactly
an apology it's a trump ology it's it's
like it got never admit that he's wrong
he'll never change his mind he'll never
say he did the wrong thing
but he did make a trump ology he came
out first and said he does believe I
can't even say this he says he does
believe that our intelligence services
are right that they were he has faith in
our intelligence services that Russia
did hack into the DNC to mess with our
elections kind of this is cut six I have
full faith and support for America's
great intelligence agencies always had
and I have felt very strongly that
Russia's actions had no impact at all on
the outcome of the election let me be
totally clear and saying that and I've
said this many times I accept our
intelligence community's conclusion that
Russia's meddling in the 2016 election
took place it's not in him to apologize
but it's a trump ology he said yeah
faith whatever you know whatever yeah I
have it and then this was this was magic
I love this this is classic Donald Trump
this is almost campaign Trump when he
was really the attacking the Pope and
everything like this he says it was just
one word he went back and if he just
changed one word it all makes sense and
it's he sentence in my remarks I said
the word would instead of wouldn't the
sentence should have been I don't see
any reason why I wouldn't
well why it wouldn't be Russian so just
to repeat it I said the word would
instead of wooden and the sentence
should have been and I thought I would
be maybe a little bit unclear on the
transcript or unclear on the actual
video the sentence should have been I
don't see any reason why it wouldn't be
Russia sort of a double negative
yeah that's opposed double negative
things it's a trap ology it's like at
least at least he admitted that it
wasn't his best moment which I think I
think that was the right thing to do
he had to do it in trumpian style why
because he's Donald Trump so he does
things like a truck like that as if you
were Donald Trump but he did make a
Trump ology and so he's he did
acknowledge that this was not his finest
hour keepsake frames you know I get all
these pictures my daughter is here my
daughter faith hi faith and she always
is sending me pictures of my grandson
and of her and everything and I love
these pictures but the fact is they get
lost in your computer so the other day I
wrote to keepsake frames at this great
picture of me and my wife with our
grandson and we got a friend's beautiful
right
it took like it looks like a day I mean
it can't went out there and came back
really quick keepsake frames is the easy
way to frame photos from your phone in
seconds whether you're doing some home
decorating we're looking for a
thoughtful personal gift it's easy you
just download the keepsake frames app
upload a photo and choose a frame and
every keepsake frame is handmade in the
USA from high-quality materials they
even have canvas options and because
keepsake frames are shipped direct from
their studio prices start at just 25
bucks and shipping is always free
keepsake frames brings your digital
photos to life and you can even see a
detailed preview of the final product
now through August 5th they're offering
an incredible deal for our listeners 30%
off your first order when you use promo
code clayvin download the keepsakes
block to keepsake frames app and get 30%
off plus free shipping when you use
promo code clayvin that's 30% off with
the keepsake frames app promo code
clayvin and i know what you're thinking
you're thinking that's great it's Carol
apan for stop asking me you keep asking
me I can't stand the
all right so the difference is trunk
does come out he makes this mistake and
he admits in his trumpian form that he
made a mistake the difference is the
reaction it's because they own the press
they keep complaining and complaining
and complaining about Fox News but they
own everything else they own ABC they
wouldn't CBS they own NBC the New York
Times CNN all of them left this LA Times
Washington Post
so this hysteria this wave of hysteria I
just picked you know let's just go back
in time for a minute when Mitt Romney
remember we've talked about Barack Obama
promising to get rid of the nuclear
defense shield or not put up the nuclear
defense shield in Europe and he
whispered to Medvedev you know tell
Vladimir's that I'll have more
flexibility and Medvedev said I stand
with you I spend with you so he was
dealing away our defenses because of
that Mitt Romney attacked them and said
you know Russia is our biggest
geopolitical enemy here is MSNBC Chris
Matthews reacting to that moment and
with an expert listen to this Mitt
Romney hope to exploit president bombers
open mic moment the other day with the
President of Russia but once again mid
stepped in it calling Russia our number
one geopolitical enemy what's this the
evil empire again is Romney running for
president 2012 or 1952 fact that he
declared rush of the preeminent
geopolitical problem for the United
States face in the world is an
antiquated worldview but it's not
something that's been hidden from
Romney's policy platform he's
articulated stuff like this in the past
the problem that he can run to that it's
a much more complicated situation than
it ever has been that Russia is a much
different country than your opinion many
decades Patrick the old me back in the
day Chris Matthew loved the Sims of
Russkies today on MSNBC and I know I'm
using a liberal platform but it is
catching the atmosphere of the
mainstream press they have this expert
on their legal expert Jill wine banks
here is her reaction seriously to
Trump's press conference you can't make
sense of it it's very hard to possibly
analyze and you're quite correct
the
burglars were Americans they worked for
the White House they worked for the
committee to re-elect the president
they weren't foreign agents and yet we
were burglarized this time by foreign
agents and it's just as serious to me as
the Cuban Missile Crisis in terms of an
attack or the 9/11 attack the president
is taking the side of the people who
attacked us instead of trying to prevent
a future attack he has done nothing to
make sure that the elections four months
away
are going to be safe and I would say
that his performance today will live in
infamy as much as the Pearl Harbor
attack or Kristallnacht Pearl Harbor
attack Kristallnacht who remembered 1938
that's when they broke all the windows
of the Jewish shops in Germany a prelude
to the Holocaust they called the crystal
mock because of all the broken glass 100
Jews I think were killed its Pearl
Harbor it's the Cuban Missile Crisis
she's comparing the hacking of computers
by maybe these 13 guys in Russia who
basically fished the DNC they said send
us your password and their password was
password and they sent it to him I mean
that was the level of security these
master spies had to overcome to get
these embarrassing emails
that's Pearl Harbor to this woman and
that's Pearl Harbor to a lot of these
people so it's this difference of
hysteria and that is where you get this
reaction from people who fight back they
it's reactionary it's literally
reactionary they're reacting to that
hysteria by getting hysterical
themselves and saying oh this is Trump's
finest moment this is Trump's greatest
hour it's it's not Trump is making the
same mistake with Russia that Obama made
the same mistake the W make you cannot
negotiate with a scorpion and even this
thing he keeps saying about how 90% of
our nuclear weapons we have 90 percent
of the nuclear weapons with Russia and
we've got to dial that back you do not
want to be negotiating an arms treaty
with Vladimir Putin why because he won't
upholding he will not uphold it and he
was even talking in that Chris Wallace
interview about how hurt he was that we
didn't follow the ABM Treaty which ended
when the Soviet Union fell because he
knows that they break the treaty and we
don't so you do not want to be
negotiating with this guy that
difference is the noise the difference
is the reaction and that's what creates
this atmosphere around you that you
react to and you got to keep your eye on
the facts they're still doing with with
Obama by the way Obama is in South
Africa and Johannesburg celebrating the
it's amazing celebrating the hundredth
anniversary of Nelson Mandela's birth I
guess it is and so here's here's the
report from CBS about this they're still
they still love their Barack Obama FEMA
has certainly gripped Johannesburg the
former US president is extremely popular
Chia and across much of this continent
but he opened a Youth Center run by his
heart sister and it didn't take much
convincing to get Obama onto his feet
from dancing oh he's dancing it's Obama
fever they never stop they love this guy
so here's Obama here is the speech that
they sent around that made a big splash
on Twitter because it sounded like a
rebuke to Donald Trump this cup number
one one of these things I didn't think I
had a lecture about you have to believe
in facts
without facts there's no basis for
cooperation if I say this is a podium
and you say this is an elephant it's
going to be hard for us to cooperate
unfortunately too much of politics today
seems to reject the very concept of
objective truth people just make stuff
up they just make stuff up we see it in
the growth of state-sponsored propaganda
we see it in internet driven
fabrications we see it in the in the
blurring of lines between news and
entertainment we see them the utter loss
of shame among political leaders where
they're caught in a lie and they just
double down and they lost them all so
that's what Obama said but I wanted you
to hear what I heard so I had the guys
here Rob and Emily and Austin I haven't
put together what I heard as Obama was
speaking this is another one of these
things that I didn't think I had to
lecture about you have to believe in
facts
without facts there's no basis for
cooperation blistering report tonight
out saying the Obama administration in
general and former attorney General Eric
Holder in particular repeatedly lied to
the family of a slain Border Patrol
officer about the weapons used in his
death and stonewalled efforts to get at
the truth it's gonna be hard for us to
cooperate let me take the IRS situation
first I first learned about it from the
same news reports that I think most
people learned about this unfortunately
too much of politics today seems to
reject the very concept of objective
truth there was a hateful video that was
disseminated on the Internet
it had nothing to do with the United
States government and it's one that we
find disgusting and reprehensible it's
been offensive to many many people
around the world that sparked violence
in various parts of the world including
violence directed against Western
facilities including our embassies and
consulates people just make stuff up if
in fact IRS personnel engaged in the
kind of practices that have been
reported on and were intentionally
targeting conservative groups then
that's outrageous and there's no place
for it and they have to be held fully
accountable
we see it in the growth of
state-sponsored propaganda
you're saying if you were corruption
there at all no that's not what I'm
saying that's actually no no but I want
to know what you were say you're the
lead absolutely you're saying no
corruption not no there were some there
were some boneheaded decisions Sloan
heads out of a low-mass corruption not
even mass corruption not even a smidgen
of corruption okay we see it in internet
driven fabrications the notion that I
can just suspend deportations through
executive order that's just not the case
we see it in the in the blurring of
lines between news and then
we have stopped the spread of nuclear
weapons in this region because of this
deal the international community will be
able to verify that the Islamic Republic
of Iran will not develop a nuclear
weapon we see them the utter loss of
shame among political leaders where
they're caught in a lie and they just
double down and they lost them all you
can keep your plan if you are satisfied
with it if you like the plan you have
you can keep it if you like your plan
and you like your doctor you won't have
to do a thing you keep your plan if you
like your health care plan you'll be
able to keep your health care plan if
you've got health insurance you can keep
it if you like your health care plan you
will keep your plan it was exactly the
same his form of line I noticed Obama's
form line when he was a candidate I
actually wrote a piece for The Wall
Street Journal that the Wall Street
Journal wouldn't didn't publish and I
sent it to them while he was running the
first time the first time he was running
in 2008 saying this guy doesn't lie like
other politicians lies he lies with a
smoothness and an ease and an immediacy
that is not even like other politicians
when he says Bill Ayers was just a guy
in the neighborhood when he says oh yeah
I just never really heard what Jeremiah
Wright said in church even being there
for 20 years he lied and he his lies
were much more substantial than Trump's
Trump's lies oh you know I said 'would
when I wouldn't men wouldn't there
really carnival barker lies Obama lied
about substance and and they just
worshipped him and that is the
difference is the kind of you know the
noise that overrides everything that
Donald Trump does and didn't override
the silence that surrounded everything
that Obama did Obama is still over there
you know he made this remark on
prejudice yeah about cut number ten he's
in a foreign country he's talking to the
country that had apartheid right the
country have assist the systematic
separation of blacks and whites allowing
whites a small number of minority of
whites to run the country over the
majority of blacks and this is what he
said it is a plain fact that racial
discrimination still exists in both the
United
States and South Africa and it is also a
fact that the accumulated disadvantages
of years of institutionalized oppression
have created yawning disparities in
income and in wealth and in education
and in health and personal safety and
access so he's comparing US and South
Africa and nobody says a word nobody
says anything YouTube is to redirecting
you when you try and get back to home
they're redirecting you to the speech
because they think it's so great well by
the way every time every single one of
my shows that goes up on YouTube they
tell you you can't come you can't have
commercials on it because I'm just too
controversial they don't even do that to
Ben it's like I always think I think of
Ben is a little to the right of me but I
you know they won't even do that to Ben
but they do it to me so that's the thing
you're getting this you're getting this
absolute creation of an atmosphere and
that's what you're reacting to you can't
help but react to it we all react to the
narrative they create the narrative and
that is the big difference between what
happened in Helsinki and what Obama did
when he was talking to Medvedev those
are that's the difference that's the
only difference I mean Trump made it
Charlie you know there is one bigger
difference Trump made a mistake because
he's so angry at the corrupt people in
the Justice Department that Obama put
there to go after him Trump made a
mistake but Obama was constantly
apologizing for America and it wasn't a
mistake he meant it that is a big
difference all right we got the mailbag
coming up but we got to say goodbye to
Facebook and YouTube come on over to the
Daily wire calm and subscribe because
then you too can be in the mailbag it's
a little uncomfortable in there but
while you're in there you can ask me
questions and my answers are guaranteed
100% correct and will change your life
on occasion for the better ten bucks a
month is all it costs a hundred bucks
for the year and you get the leftist
tears tumblr which I guarantee you it
may not fill up today because they've
got a little bit of a case today
don't worry tomorrow will be another day
all right the mailbag from Joe I come to
you with a question about relationships
I've recently been pursuing a girl who
just ended a long relationship we have
lots of superficial difference but we're
able to make it work because we both
really felt there was substance
underneath that we saw on each other
recently she has insisted on reverting
back to just friends and seeing where
this takes us she doesn't want to
pretend nothing has happened between us
or that there's nothing there but things
just move too quickly and she needed
some time to be alone I wanted your take
on giving people space and trying to be
just friends with someone who you
clearly wanted have to be more serious
with as always thank you for your wisdom
so she's breaking up with you that's the
thing you know when somebody asks for
space when somebody asks to back off
that were going too quickly she's is it
apples you know I mean nickels on the
dollar you you know you could bet that
she is breaking up with you and the
thing to do is like take that with grace
I mean say to her you know you want to
split up you don't have to say let's
give me some space you know she may
still carry on the charade and maybe you
guys won't get together again you know I
don't know but right now I would say let
her go that would be my advice that
would be my reaction I would not I would
not want to be strung along myself I
would just say listen you know it's fine
you know I don't want you to be in a
relationship you don't want to be in I
care about you go your way and if ever
you want to start up with me again you
know my phone number and then live your
life as if as if you were gone that's
that's my advice you probably don't want
to hear that okay you have spoken in the
past about this didn't have a name on it
as you have spoken in the past about you
and your father disagreeing I am looking
to join the military because I believe I
need to protect this country but I know
my father would like me to stay with my
current financially safe job he would
not stop me from joining but I'm worried
about making him unhappy I always felt
your parents know what is best but
cannot help myself and feel this is the
huge turning point I need in my life
what are some ways I can help my parents
understand okay first your parents don't
know what's best for you you know what's
best for you even if your parents are
right you have
to live the life that's inside you to
live even if your parent even if you're
making a terrible mistake it's one thing
to listen to your parents advice you
should listen to your parents advice but
in the end you have got to do what is in
your heart to do and this sounds like
you really mean it it sounds like it is
something that is incredibly important
to you your father is just gonna have to
understand you're right it may hurt his
feelings you just got to sit down and
explain it to him as kindly as you can
tell him it is not about him it is not
about his advice it's not about
rejecting him it is about what you know
in your heart you have to do you cannot
abandon your own life you know your
parents created you to have a life
here's like what's the old saying you're
like an arrow that they shot from a bow
ultimately you got to go on your own
flight and do with it what you know is
right and if they care about you
ultimately they will understand you're
right they may be hurt but that's part
of the price of living your own life
part of the price of living your own
life is sometimes hurting people who
love you but maybe want too much control
over you or who love you but see your
life in a different way you know you're
not you're not your father's partner you
are your partner's partner if you have a
wife or you know if if not when you do
you are on your own and you've got to
make that decision sounds like you're
serious from it looks like tastes on
dear overlord of logic and reason Clavin
is it enough to believe in God or should
I actively worship or strange questions
that's a really interesting question I
used to be non-religious but after
becoming a conservative many of my
worldview changed so as my outlook on
what God is is it okay to just be
religious in my own way can I worship
you huge fan no you cannot worship me I
am NOT here to be worship I'm here to be
adored
I just loved and and possibly have
people bring me things but no you cannot
worship me you know the reason I find
that kind of an offbeat question is you
know a lot of times we have
philosophical religious conversations
here at the Daily wire and one of the
conversations that comes up very often
is are you saved by faith alone or do
you need acts right there's this is in
the Bible Paul says you are saved by
faith in Christ alone and James says
facts were not acts works James says
faith without works is dead
and how do you reconcile those things
Martin Luther thought the book of James
the Epistle of James should just be cut
out of the bottle because he just
thought you were saved with faith alone
but my reaction to that is how you
square that circle is that when you
believe in things you act a different
way
I believe that gravity is a real thing
so I don't walk off cliffs right
I believe in gravity so you know when a
you have to show me how a plane works
before I'll get on it when you believe
in things that you can't see like
gravity or air you behave in certain
ways that you wouldn't believe you
wouldn't behave if you didn't believe so
my reaction to your question is I can't
tell you what to do I can't tell you
whether to worship God or I can't tell
you whether to go to church I can tell
you to act with integrity if you believe
in something as important as God and it
seems to me you God is of central
importance then maybe you should be
asking yourself what that means what
does it mean to you to believe in God
what God do you believe in what does God
like what is the God you believe in like
what does he do how does he operate in
your life does he operate in your life
and therefore what how do you want to
react to those things you react to
gravity by not walking off cliffs how do
you want to react to the fact that now
you know the truth that there is a God
so how do you want to react to that and
and how are you going to behave in that
belief so just act with integrity that's
my is my suggestion and see where that
leads you from David dear mr. Clavin
Shapiro and other legal scholars are
saying Cavanaugh will slowly chip with
his the Trump Supreme Court pick Brett
Kavanaugh will slowly chip away at roe v
wade but he won't overturn it like Amy
Barrett would have why aren't we at
least seriously discussing the idea of
scuttling the nomination so Trump will
appoint Amy Barrett to the seat it would
only take one Republican senator to do
it I get that the ideas a bit crazy but
isn't it worth debating no it's more
than a bit crazy it is hugely crazy
Cavanaugh is a great pick we don't know
here's the thing this is what we're
debating Cavanaugh in a decision did not
in a decision basically limiting Roe did
not attack roe v-- wade as much as
conservatives wanted him to when we're
arguing about that we've won that's a
win
we're just
about some little you know itty-bitty
thing we row v Wade is not the
Constitution what we want is Supreme
Court justices who to the best of their
ability will interpret the law as
written in the Constitution not as what
they wanted to say but what they feel it
does say in the light of history and
precedent so I don't know I think
Kavanaugh is going to be a little bit
harsher on roe v wade than people do I
don't think John Roberts will join him
that's what I think I think John Roberts
will stop them from overturning roe v
wade and it's possible they won't have
the votes remember they have to decide
to hear cases it's possible they won't
have enough votes to hear the case cases
against roe v wade that would cause it
to be overturned I don't know what
Kavanagh is going to do but I do know
that he is a constitutional judge he's
not an absolute originalist the way
Clarence Thomas is he's more Antonin
Scalia type Scalia calls himself I can't
remember what he called himself a weak
originalist that is you know if it says
just to use a an example my son-in-law
gave me that if if the Constitution
forbids cruel and unusual punishment
Scalia would say well yeah the but cruel
and unusual punishment is not what it is
in the 18th century where Clarence
Thomas might actually let you be put in
the stocks and so and so I'm a little
bit more on Scalia's side than on there
on Clarence Thomas Lee but cavil is a
great pick a great pick and the fact
that we're arguing over this little kind
of language it's one of his decisions
just shows that we've won and we should
not get in the way we should certainly
not risk losing a great pic like this
because we want an apse everyone a
hundred percent of what we want right
now that's ridiculous
mark hey Andrew my wife is buying more
and more into the feminist narrative
that's being pushed in our culture oh
this is bad she uses the words white men
man white man as a pejorative constantly
laments how women have it so hard and
officially has Trump derangement
syndrome this is driving a wedge between
us she sees my gender as her adversary
and it's hard to believe her when she
says she doesn't include me and her
disdain for men I think this path is
leading her to outrage bitterness and
hate how can I bring her back to sanity
Wow
you know that is exactly the same as it
to me as if your wife came home and
started saying racist things the only
difference between feminism and racism
in my opinion is that there really are
no differences real differences between
the races where there are differences
between men and women so you can have a
little bit of legitimacy attacking the
opposite sex if that's what you want to
do of what you want to do is hate 50% of
the world you have us you know maybe
like 1% more legitimacy in adopting
feminism than racism but basically it's
the same thing so the problem you've got
is not it's this is not a philosophical
problem this is a marriage problem you
know you can't force your wife to
believe certain things all you can do is
take your stand and listen to her she is
your partner in life right she's not
your enemy so you want to sit down and
talk to her hear what she thinks hear
why she thinks it tell her in a kind way
why you don't agree and why it's kind of
offensive to you as a man for her to be
saying this my I believe here you may
want to find out what it is what room
animus against where her animus against
men comes from it may come from
something in her life you don't know I
suspect that she is actually just
suffering from Trump derangement
syndrome Trump really does have this
effect on women there's something about
him that just gets their hair up there
gets their backs up and I'm not sure I
entirely blame them there's something
about him that bothers me as well but
it's not as bad I think because I've
known guys like in my whole life I'm
from New York I you know that some of
the ways he talks are just very familiar
to me but it may just be that she has
got Trump deranged from its syndrome and
it may be the listening to her be having
sympathy with what she's saying getting
it the underlying problem what is it
that makes her so angry about men and
not constantly jumping down her throat
not constantly attacking all of her
opinions even though you stand firm at
what you believe that might might help
what you've got is a problem here with
somebody who is believing in a I think a
very harmful philosophy I think feminism
is a just a terrible philosophy I really
do and and I think that just like racism
I think is a terrible philosophy and so
if your wife came home with that she'd
have exactly the same problem but you
might want to listen to her you might
want to hear what you do want to listen
to her you do want to hear what is under
these opinions have some sympathy have
some kindness listen to what she says
and and see if you can get to a place
where you can live with each other and
maybe calm her down a little bit from
Michelle what do you think the Bible
says about passive passive ISM if
anything at all well yeah that's it
that's a great question because I hate
it when people take Jesus's remarks that
you should turn the other cheek or that
you should forgive seventy times seven
times and take it to mean passive
pacifism Jesus never said if your wife
is attacked you should stand by and
watch he never said if your country is
under threat you shouldn't defend your
country what he was talking about was a
level of patience a level of forgiveness
that is the pay what he feels is the
patience and forgiveness of God that
would echo that in this light so I don't
think he's a pacifist I don't think
pacifism is moral philosophy and I think
Jesus was the son of God so is likely to
have moral philosophies pacifism is not
a moral philosophy because somebody has
to fight somebody's gonna have to fight
if you are sitting here if you're not
enslaved if you're alive it's because
somebody is willing to fight for you it
may be a cop on the street it may be a
soldier when I hear people talk about
how they hate guns and how they hate war
and how they hate law enforcement I just
think try living without them for 20
minutes and then get back to me if
you're not dead you know because they
protect us these people protect us they
are fighting for us so to pretend you're
a pacifist while someone else is doing
the fighting for you is not a moral
point of view pacifism is not a moral
point of view and I don't see any
evidence that Jesus supported it though
he supported what I hope we all support
which is patience and forgiveness from
Garrett Darth Clavin I am a door I
forgot about that you know I said the
dark part of my past I have heard an
argument that we have no free will
because we can't control what we want
and all our actions are based on what we
want to do if you reply with examples
that you have how you acted against your
desires as a defender of this argument
would reply that you only do that
because you wanted to act against what
you wanted and therefore we are back to
square one what are your thoughts on
this to me it seems like all it did was
prove that we can create an
justification for any of our actions
that is related to once thanks and love
the show you know
absolute you're absolutely right it's
just a circular argument right because
you say we only do what we want and you
say well really I wanted to cheat on my
wife but I didn't yeah but that's cuz
you didn't want to cheat you wanted to
not cheat on your wife it's a circular
argument there's no way out of it it
makes absolutely no what sense
whatsoever but my problem with people
who say we don't have free will and
plenty of smart people are making this
argument now is that it is it's and I an
argument what is it called ad absurdum
you know it's just it once you think
about it it makes no sense whatsoever if
you have no free will you are not the
person that you think you are if you're
not the person that you think you are
who is it who is telling me that you
have free will and why did you choose to
do that it is like the argument for
materialism people think that everything
is material and you think well that's an
interesting idea but what's the idea
made of it's not made of anything so the
materialism can't be true you you have
free will by the way this argument has
been going on since Christianity came
around because once you have a God who
is all knowing people start to think
well if he's all-knowing he knows what
I'm gonna do so do I really have a
choice about what I'm going to do and
that argument is answered by the fact
that time is not the same to God all
time is is that one with God so he's not
really seeing the future he's seen
simply seeing a world that is complete
which is very different you have free
will if you know you have not only do
you have free will
you actually are a soul a person those
perceptions are not hallucinations that
is the kind of thing that is so so
stupid that only an intellectual could
believe it alright I'll take one more of
these
mark doublethink is a word coined by
George Orwell in 1984 meaning the
acceptance of contrary beliefs at the
same time left us seem to be guilty of
doublethink around words like diversity
progressive equality and freedom to name
a few are there examples of where
conservatives suffer from doublethink as
well first of all not really I mean
George Orwell was writing about the left
he was writing about communism and its
need for doublethink so it couldn't
convince you to give up your freedom
that is what communists socialists like
occasio Cortes that is what they want
from you they want your freedom and
they're buying it from you they're
saying yes but you will have free
healthcare yes but you'll have free this
you'll have
yes just give me your freedom just give
me the fruit of your labor I will take
your freedom I will decide how to spend
your money which means I will decide how
you use your time because your time is
money so I'm taking your life away but
I'll give you all this free stuff so
they need doublethink
we don't the only thing that I would
think that sometimes conservatives can
be a little bit unclear on is the
concept of Liberty because Liberty
requires order Liberty requires
self-restraint Liberty requires
self-control so sometimes they say well
you know you believe in Liberty but you
don't think people should go out and
sleep with seventeen people in a single
night well I don't believe people should
I believe people should be free to do
that but I believe if enough people do
that Liberty will collapse because
there'll be so much disease so much
disorders so much chaos that the
government will have to step in and take
your freedom away that's why the left
love sex and loves drugs because they
know it will ultimately add to chaos and
ultimately give them a chance to enslave
you so that's that's the only thing I
can think of where we have to explain
ourselves our Liberty is ordered Liberty
it is not licensed but no we don't need
we're offering people freedom we don't
need doublethink that's it tickety-boo
news so here's a story I just love baby
Oliver right baby I'll now you've heard
these stories from the UK and I lived in
the UK for many years there's a pictures
there's a that picture going up what a
cute little baby so there's a picture of
baby Oliver baby Oliver is in the UK
you've heard these stories in the UK
where basically the courts have said
we're not going to save this baby take
the health take the life support off the
baby and the baby died and when the
parents said let us go to another
country where we can get health care for
the baby they said no and they wouldn't
let them leave and that is the end
result of Obamacare that is the end
result of socialized medicine well the
parents of baby Oliver took their kid to
the National Health and the National
Health came running on there with two
horses they had two horses on their
carriage so because this is what the
National Health is like it's like
getting 19th century health care but the
horses arrived and they took a look that
baby had a tumor a non cancerous tumor
on his heart and they
the doctors arrived with their
stethoscopes and their horses and their
carriages and they said no there is
nothing that can be done they didn't
have the doctors with the right
expertise but then they called Boston's
Boston Children's Hospital and they said
yeah we've done this we have actually
gotten rid of these tumors what they
want us to do in the UK is wait for a
heart transplant which never comes for
babies because that's just very rare
that you get a baby heart so the parents
said we want to go to Boston they raised
the money themselves and because the NHS
wouldn't pay for it they went to Boston
the doctors in Boston remove this tumor
and the baby seems to be doing really
well let us hope and pray the baby
continues to do well what I love about
the story though was that everything
they did required capitalism and freedom
they raised the money themselves they
didn't use the NHS they came to people
and they said give us some money we need
some money to help the baby you take a
look at that face
you give the baby some money right
that's what you do when you see a baby's
face like that and because our medical
care is more advanced because we know
more because we're not dependent on the
government to pay for our medical care
because they can make all those terrible
profits that everybody complains about
we have better rd we have better you
know health care here then we we really
do have great health care here and there
are problems they can be smoothed out I
think we do need some government
intervention but not the kind of the
left ones this is a perfect story and
really really that they had to teach
people in Britain to worship the NHS
they it is virtually what they have
instead of God they worship the NHS they
had to teach them that so they wouldn't
want to give it up so every time a
politician said give it up just like
when people talk about reforming Social
Security here it's stepping on the third
rail they ought to get rid of it they
ought to scrap it have a bottom you know
rung of care and then have tiers of care
that you can buy your way up through
through the glories of capitalism
alright that's it we got a great
interview we're gonna interview
congressman gates tomorrow yeah it was a
terrific interview really it really
interesting said some things I hadn't
heard before and I think you'll really
want to hear it I'm Andrew Clavin this
is the Andrew Clavin show and we will
see you then
the Andrew Clavin show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover and our technical producer is
Austin Stevens edited by Emily J audio
is mixed by Mike kameena
hair and makeup is by Joshua alvera the
Andrew Klavan show is a daily wire for
word publishing production copyright for
word publishing 2018
