meanwhile the Democrats are gearing up
for 2020 and they are very very much in
love with a particular set of candidates
Joe Biden apparently wants to make a
comeback at age 83 he's actually I gonna
be 78 I guess in 2020 and he says that
President Trump's immigration policies
make him ashamed about these poor kids
how does that make you feel if you if
you and your ministry shame shame you
feel ashamed
I really mean it I mean it's and and I'm
proud of the response American people
Democrat and Republican this is not
America it's not who we are okay so this
is this is gonna be Biden's routine it's
not probably our routine is gonna come
back with a vengeance and the reality of
course is that a lot of these policies
were implemented under President Obama
in the first place but the favorite of
the left is not in fact Joe Biden the
favor of the left is anastacio Ocasio
Cortes I got her name right this time I
always screw it up and I'm not sure why
that is it's a very long name so she was
on with with Margaret Hoover of Stanford
University and Margaret Hoover was
asking her on firing line about her
beliefs about the Middle East now let it
be known honest honest yeah Acacio
cortez
she's a 28 year old former bartender she
has her degree in international
relations so watch it she begs off the
question because she doesn't know where
Israel is doesn't know where the
Palestinians are and thinks that
screaming occupation into the air means
something watch it is amazing what
people are starting to see at least in
the occupation of Palestine is just an
increasing crisis of humanitarian
condition you use the term the
occupation of Palestine mmm what did you
mean by that
oh I think it what I meant is like the
the settlements that are increasing and
in some of these areas and places where
or Palestinians are experiencing a
difficulty and access to their housing
and homes do you think you can expand on
that yeah I mean I think I'd also just I
I am not the expert on geopolitics on
this issue you literally has an
international relations degree so let's
be clear about something
if anastasi Ocasio cortez
is there any doubt that she would be
labeled krazee-eyez nuts doesn't know
what she's talking about
stupid affirmative action candidate this
exactly Michele Bachmann and Sarah Palin
you remember it
they said it over and over and over
about every Republican woman who was
ever in a position of power it was that
she was stupid she was affirmative
action she was only there because she
was pretty right they did that again
they did this about every Republican
woman who ever reached a position of
power that I can remember except for
maybe Condoleezza Rice and they couldn't
say it about her because she was black
and they didn't want to say it about a
black woman but there is no question
that this woman is a dunderhead it does
show where the base of the Democratic
Party is though if she says occupation
over and over and over and doesn't know
what the occupation is doesn't know what
she's talking about has no clue and then
begs off the question and gets away with
it it shows you that the base of the
Democratic Party is anti-israel it also
shows how radical the base of the
Democratic Party is
