speaking of the fact that the Democrats
are lost in their own world I just have
this is off the topic a little bit we're
going through the arguments against
Capra but I just got to play my favorite
cut of the reactions of Cavanaugh
Jeffrey Toobin has just been covering
himself in disgrace the guys that he's
the legal analyst at at CNN and he had
this comment this was his comment on
hearing about Brett Kavanaugh this
should be cut 10k
can I just make we're talking about
personal points yeah think about two
people who watch tonight Brett Kavanaugh
is a judge on the DC Circuit you know
who the chief judge of the DC Circuit is
it's Merrick garland how do you think he
feels today I mean Merrick garland is a
class act he's moved on with his life
but you know the idea that he never got
the moment that bread that Cavanaugh is
gonna get him and he got the moment of
being announced but he never got the
other person is Trump sister is well
sister who's vice was not taken but
Hillary Clinton I mean Brett Kavanaugh
made his name by investigating not just
the star you know not just white water
but the Monica Lewinsky part right now
the the the sexual deviant tawdry sordid
and deep and dark stuff his you know
making his name for himself got him on
the trajectory that he is today and
Hillary Clinton has to watch yet another
Supreme Court nomination that she
thought she was gonna write this is this
is what Toobin thinks moves the hearts
of the American people what Merrick
garland and Hillary are feeling there oh
my god you know what are they the king
and queen who cares what they're feeling
you know we're all feeling things so
this is what bothers Jeffrey Toobin he
thinks we're all people is probably he
probably thinks people are sitting at
home dabbing at their eyes you know with
Kleenex oh my gosh poor Hillary
