there's this video that's going around
that's really annoying and irritating
and and pretty bad of a young black kid
who is selling candy bars outside of a
store and a random old lady comes up and
demands to see a business license so
here is here is the the video who is
this random old lady and then her and
her fervor to to stop young people from
selling things next to next to a grocery
store first of all if the grocery store
or the CVS whatever this place is wants
to call the cops and say listen this
guy's undercutting our price by selling
like directly outside and doesn't have a
business license that's fair but for the
random old lady to try to shut down
somebody's business I find really really
gross like in Los Angeles we have a lot
of people who sell fruit on street
corners right you see these people and
they have these carts and they're
selling fruit on street corners what's
the problem now a bunch of people who
are really angry about this and I
understand if you don't want somebody
who's selling it like right in front of
your house because they're not in a
business district or something but the
idea that we have to have all these
licensing requirements for somebody to
run a food truck or for somebody to have
an ice-cream truck or for somebody to
sell candy on a street corner without
doing any sort of damage to the city I
just I find that really off-putting and
this is where the libertarian and me
comes out and I say that people should
really get off their high horse and
recognize that one of the things that
built this country was the fact that
young people were allowed to go out
there and make money for themselves by
engaging in commerce we want more people
engaging in commerce this kid right here
is trying to sell a product he's not
trying to mooch okay you could be out
there with a cup and he couldn't be out
there with a hat doing nothing instead
he's actually trying to sell a product
to people I don't see any problem with
that as a general rule and I find this
really off-putting now of course the
left only cares about this because the
lady is white in the kids black it's the
implication that this is a racist thing
maybe it is a racist thing but I would
care about it whether it was it was
white or black you see this a lot
happening to white kids where you'll see
some little girl who's running a
lemonade stand and some idiot decides
they're gonna report her to the local
government
because she's operating a lemonade stand
without a license this is basically that
just the kid is black and selling candy
bars instead of lemonade it's just as
stupid it's just as gross
