no abortion is not a reproductive health
decision it is much more a parenting
decision am I going to care for my child
or kill him that's the decision being
made and it is an indictment on us
conservatives that the left has been so
successful in framing the murder of
children as a matter of choice or health
care or women's rights it is our failure
that so many people in our country would
say of a child with his own being and
his own life and his own DNA in his own
genetic code well he's not really a
person the fact is that the left has
been able to have so much success on
this issue and take so many lives and
rack up such an ungodly body count and
control the narrative all the while
because conservatives have not been
consistently and widely and
unapologetically and courageously vocal
and forceful and appropriately militant
about this issue we claim that we
believe that babies are dying and being
killed well why aren't we acting like it
the mainstream of conservatism treats
the slaughter of the unborn is a
secondary issue as some sort of sideshow
as a matter of debatable importance
certainly not nearly as crucial as as
something like gun rights or taxes or
immigration or the posture of NFL
players and I certainly believe in gun
rights and I hate taxes and I believe in
protecting our borders and I think the
anthem should be respected I believe all
that but I also think that those issues
mean nothing have no importance have no
relevance have no significance if life
itself is not sacred
