so on the left the Democrats have
decided to move as radical as humanly
possible as well how do I know well
let's take for example Michael avenatti
now you may only know Michael avenatti
is the guy who represents porn stars
stormy Daniels who once had sex with
Trump and now is claiming the Trump
threatened her in some way
Michael avenatti is famous for being her
lawyer she's the lawyer of a porn star
that's his entire credential he now says
he wants to run for president of the
United States if Donald Trump runs for
re-election
Michael avenatti who has set up a pup
tent over at the CNN headquarters he
appears so often he actually has set up
a fax machine from the CNN greenroom
just so he can do his minor legal work
for stormy Daniels between sending off
press releases about immigrant children
he says he wants to run for president
why because Trump is president I think
I'd be qualified because I have three
things that this president lacks gym
brains heart and courage and I think I
have those in spades compared to this
president didn't you just say brain
smarts and courage as I just said brain
Smart has three things brain smarts and
courage brains and smarts are the same
thing brains heart okay brains heart and
courage I see okay so he's like it so so
now he's like the characters in The
Wizard of Oz he's got brains he's got
heart he's got courage he's the Cowardly
Lion
he's the Scarecrow and he's the Tin Man
he literally just named the things that
people lacked the characters lack in
Wizard of Oz Britain's heart and courage
so he went to the wizard all the way in
the wonderful in the wonderful city of
Oz and he receives all of those things
so he could fight the Wicked Witch of
the West Donald Trump his entire base of
credentials is that he represents a porn
star that's everything that's the entire
thing that he's a lawyer who represents
a porn star who stripped the president
consensually and then is whining about
it after signing a nondisclosure
agreement that paid her a hundred and
thirty thousand dollars allegedly so
yeah this guy's gonna run for president
yeah the left may have lost its way a
little bit here
