a new movement called hashtag walkaway
has begun in which liberals people like
me who believe in maximum individual
freedom open-hearted tolerance and a
commitment to the truth talk about why
they walked away from the Democratic
Party which after all is the party of
racism emotional estanque and dishonest
narratives meant to increase government
power but let's be fair shouldn't there
also be a movement in which people
reject freedom and democracy in favor of
leftism so to counter hashtag walk away
I'm here to begin the hashtag descend
into emotional and Fant ilysm and become
a Democrat movement with five reasons to
shift to the left
reason 1 whereas conservatives reject
feminism and therefore treat women with
respect and kindness let this get to mob
and bully women they disagree with as a
feminist Democrat you'll get all the fun
of treating girls like crap while still
thinking of yourself as a good person
because you support killing babies in
the womb this worked for Bill Clinton
and Harvey Weinstein so it'll work for
you as well reason 2 if you become a
Democrat all the cool late-night
comedians will agree with you and make
jokes about how stupid your political
opponents are and you know late night
comedians are hip and non conformist
because they all believe exactly the
same things reason 3 you can tell
everybody how loving and compassionate
you are right up until the minute
someone disagrees with you then you can
call them stinking racist pigs while
deploring the decline of civility under
Donald Trump reason for the hashtag to
send into emotional and Fant ilysm and
become a Democrat is you can pretend to
like black people while setting up the
systems of dependence family
disintegration resentment and envy that
make it unlikely anti black child will
ever compete with your child for a good
job and reason 5 to go left is you will
never have to learn the facts about
anything because you can just turn on
the news and hear your opinions echoed
back to you as if they were facts then
you can march and scream about crying
babies or something so why take the
trouble to hashtag walk away when it's
much easier to hashtag descend into
emotional infantilism and become a
Democrat or a knucklehead same
difference
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
all right we are back after the Clavin
this weekend with a full day because
later on today we have our July 4th
special which we planned for July 2nd
because I there's some reason I'm sure
it'll be at 7 p.m. Eastern and we'll be
joined by special guest Jordin Petersen
to celebrate Independence Day
Jeremy boring the official god-king of
the daily wire will descend from on high
where his offices to host a new edition
of daily wire backstage with me Shapiro
and Noel's to look back on our country's
birth and look ahead to its future
subscribers will even be able to write
in live questions for us to answer on
the air again that's tonight July 2nd at
7 p.m. Eastern 4 p.m. Pacific with
special guests Jordan Peterson and you
can find our special live stream on
Facebook and YouTube's who do not miss
it I had a really interesting experience
over the weekend you know five six I
don't know seven years ago I when I'm
traveling I love to watch sports and
bars I do not know why sports are better
in bars and they should be at home but I
like when I'm instead of sitting around
the hotel room watching sports I'll go
to a bar I'm in a bar in New York and I
struck up a conversation with a guy next
to me who is a struggling actor right
like I said this is six seven years ago
and we exchanged emails and we maybe
exchanged one or two emails and then
just forgot about each other a few
months ago while I was on vacation in
Oregon I get an email from this guy a
group email from the guy saying he is in
starring in Henry the fourth the
Shakespeare play with Tom Hanks his
Falstaff and Falstaff if you don't know
is one of the greatest parts and all of
theater and Tom Hanks I think is a
terrific actor so he sent us you know
form where you get these really cheap
tickets because tickets went up to $500
a piece you know this is kind of cool
because I didn't even know this existed
it since this big VA facility vieja
spittle and all the ticket takers and
all the people there are veterans
obviously veterans from the VA and they
have a big outdoor stage and they're
trying to build it into an LA
Shakespeare Festival and I got to say
the production was good Hanks was
unbelievable I mean of all if you took
the 20 top paid movie stars in the
country not one of them has the chops to
pull off a Falstaff like that it was a
spectacular Falstaff wearing a big fat
suit he looked really good and it was
really good was good production Joe
Morton was also in it the guy from
scandal and that he played King Henry
the fourth and it was great it was great
to see I won't mention my friend's name
because I don't want to I know he's kind
of a big Lib and I don't want to ruin
his career but toxifying him with my
presence but it was great to see that
Tom Hanks it is that good so the left is
finally becoming itself it is finally
becoming what we always said it was what
we on the right have always said it was
for years they have despised
constitutional governance and they've
been rewriting the law of the lands from
the Supreme Court bench and from other
courts and they pretended that they were
liberal because they were liberal about
things like sex and drugs the only
liberal about things that will make you
a slave you know unbridled sex and drug
use will make you a slave to the state
but that's what their liberal about
they're not liberal about what you think
they're not liberal about what you say
they're not liberal about what you do or
how you behave all that stuff they want
to control and they want to control it
through the government but but they
always have said that they were liberal
and pretended to be the way they do it
they did I call it the Hitman system
right there only in any given mob only a
couple of the guys are hitmen right so
like any mobster can say well you know
we're not all hitmen only a couple of
the guys are hitting it you know just
we're only two hitmen that's the way the
Democrats are you know we're not all
screaming man-hating feminists we're
just feminists you know it's like saying
we're not all we're not all hitman we're
just mobsters we're just you know we're
not all we don't we don't all want to
like force you to we're not all the
people who riot when ben shapiro comes
to speak at the campus we don't support
that that's that's not us but we're glad
they're there because they enforce what
we want them to enforce so after a
couple of weeks they hate Donald Trump
so much and after a couple of weeks
which the Supreme Court said the
government can't force a Baker to
abandon his religion
convictions and make a decorator cake
for a gay wedding
you can't force abortion opponents to
advertise abortion they can't force
public sector workers to give money to
the Democrat car causes the left has
just opened you know Bend and support
for free speech right they don't I mean
now this is I'm not talking about like
the odd hitman here who goes out and
beat somebody up who's trying to speak
on campus the New York Times and we will
not play knucklehead Roe because this
sounds like an op-ed but it is not an
op-ed this was the lead story in the
newspaper over the weekend you know that
the lead column is the one all the way
over on the right it was by Adam lip
talk how conservatives weaponized the
First Amendment and of course he's
quoting Elena Kagan the Supreme Court
justice who was so upset
that you can't be forced to give money
to a union if you're a public worker you
can no longer be forced to give money to
a union which will then give it to a
left-wing candidate they want you they
want you to be forced to do that and
Elena Kagan was so angry about that she
said they're weaponizing the first man
just like it's supposed to be weaponized
and even her argument was bad she said
speeches everywhere it's a part of every
human activity so every time you make a
law that's gonna affect speech well
guess what you're not allowed to make a
law that requires speech or that limits
speech that you are just not allowed to
do it says so right in the Constitution
when it says Congress shall make no law
respecting freedom that's what it means
it means no law so here is the here is
just an excerpt of how conservatives
weaponize the First Amendment the lead
story in the New York Times
conservative groups borrowing and
building on arguments developed by
liberals have used the First Amendment
to justify unlimited campaign spending
discrimination against gay couples and
attacks on the regulation of tobacco
pharmaceuticals and guns now the New
York Times doesn't even realize that
that's commentary they think that's an
when they say that they are justifying
discrimination against gay couples the
Supreme Court has never justified
discrimination against gay couples and
was not doing that they were simply
saying that this Christian Baker did not
have to use what he considers his art to
express approval of something of which
he disapproves they the New York Times
doesn't even
oh that that's commentary they think
it's just the news and by the way when
they say they justify unlimited campaign
spending they're talking about Citizens
United which is supposed to have flooded
the campaign the political world with
money so that nobody has any power and
yet they never bring up the fact the
Donald Trump spent half as much as
Hillary Clinton and knocked her into the
next you know week so I don't understand
what they're talking about all right
here they go now their quote Floyd
Abrams who has been on this show who
came on the show and I told him even
though he was a liberal that he was
always welcome here because he would
defend free speech and if you defend
free speech I'm on your side he sits
Floyd Abrams his quoted he says the
laughed was once not and and by the way
Abrams is the guy who argued citizens
united and he also argued the Pentagon
Papers and so he's been on both sides of
this discussion
he says the left was once not just on
board but leading in supporting the
broadest First Amendment protections now
the progressive community is at least
skeptical and sometimes distraught at
the level of First Amendment protection
which is being afforded in cases brought
by litigants on the right so they make
it sound like Abrams is complaining
about this but he's not he believes in
all free speech many on the left the
article goes on many on the Left have
traded an absolutist commitment to free
speech for one sensitive to the harms it
can inflict they're now sensitive about
free speech you know if you're sensitive
then you can take people's free speech
we take pornography and street protests
liberals were once largely United and
fighting to protect sexually explicit
materials from government censorship now
many on the Left see pornography as an
assault on women's rights in I love the
fact that they're exposing themselves
they no longer believe in the American
system they no longer believe in freedom
in 1977 he goes on many liberals
supported the right of the American Nazi
Party to march among Holocaust survivors
in Skokie Illinois far fewer supported
the free speech rights of the white
nationalist who marched last year in
Charlottesville Virginia there was a
certain naive Tay he says and how
liberals used to approach free speech
says Frederick shower a law professor at
the University of Virginia he goes on to
say shower says because so many free
speech claims of the 1950s and 1960s
involved anti obscenity claims or civil
rights and anti-vietnam War protests it
was easy for the left to sympathize with
the speaker
are believed that speech in general was
harmless but the claim that speech was
harmless are causally inert was never
true even if it has taken recent events
to convince the left of that the
question then is why the left ever
believed otherwise some liberals now say
that free speech disproportionately
protects the powerful and the status quo
that so one more quote from this when I
was younger says Lewis Seidman a law
professor at Georgetown I had more of
the standard liberal view of civil
liberties and I've gradually changed my
mind about it what I've come to see is
that it's a mistake to think of free
speech as an effective means to
accomplish a more just society in other
words what they are saying is we
believed in free speech when we were
getting what we wanted but we don't
believe in free speech when you're
getting what you want that is
essentially it it's always this is the
thing about this is what makes them
infants this is what makes them children
they don't believe in the process they
only want the results they want they're
like oh doyon in Turkey who said
democracy is like a streetcar when you
reach your stop you get off that is what
the left feels they have reached their
stop and now they want to get off the
free-speech train and this this walkaway
thing I was joking about at the
beginning this is real this started with
a gay hairdresser right I I've always
said this about gay people as I've
defended gay people in venues that were
hostile to my point of view I've always
said they are natural conservatives
there are people who want to you know
they are high achieving people who want
to keep the money they make who want to
be free to do what they do who don't
want the cops kicking down their door to
find out how they're having sex and they
don't want the cops kicking down your
door to find out how you're having sex
so here's this guy Brandon Straka he's a
gay hairdresser and he made this video
walk away video that went viral
let's cut ten reject the acceptance of
jumped science and superstition to
advance ideological agendas I reject
hate
these are the reasons why I became a
liberal and these are the same reasons
why I am now walking away for years now
I have watched as the left has devolved
into intolerant inflexible illogical
hateful misguided LLL inform unamerican
hypocritical menacing callous ignorant
narrow-minded and at times blatantly
fascistic behavior and rhetoric
liberalism has been co-opted and
absorbed by the very characteristics and
claims to fight against for years now
I've watched as people on the Left have
become anesthetized to their own
prejudices and bigotry and the
prejudices and bigotry of those around
them who echo their values I have
watched as formerly sensible people who
claim to reject racism have come to
embrace the principles of universally
hating and blaming all of society's
problems on all people who have white
skin I have witnessed the irony of
advocacy for gender equality morph into
blatant hatred and intolerance of men
and masculinity I've seen the once
earnest fight for equality for the LGBT
community mutate into an illogical
demonization of heteronormativity and
the push to vilify and attack our
conventional concepts of gender this is
great I mean this is really good stuff
and it is instructive to the right as
well that we should open our tent and
let anybody in who believes in freedom
because we can make the argument that it
is the process that keeps us free on the
other side see they've got this problem
with the press I know I keep picking on
the press but I only pick on them
because they're the enemies of the
people
the press the problem is for the press
is that they amplify the worst rhetoric
you'll think about this with the
immigration debate what if a
conservative what if a leftist came up
to you and you're a conservative and he
came up to you and said look I get it we
have to secure the border seventy
percent of the people in this country
believe that we have to secure the
border he said you know if he said you
have to secure the border but all I ask
as a liberal as a you know kind of wet
liberal all I ask is you do it in a
humane way can I try and make sure that
the places where people are held are
nice that you can keep your kids with
you and all that so I think that we on
the right would say yeah I get that
I can I can meet you there I can find
that place where we can get together but
but if you go out and you say well let's
let's take a look at CNN this is cut
number one here's a discussion on CNN
about Donald Trump trying to secure the
border listen to the rhetoric and listen
to what they essentially allowed a pass
for left-wing speech it's incredibly
important to understand that people are
identifying with people because they
understand we could be next there is
nobody who was safe or protected from
the bigotry and from the resistance to
humanity that this president has events
so we've seen this before in terms of
the separation of enslaved human beings
from their children in internment camps
we've seen this when immigration came in
this country so this is something that
is a replay of a horrible movie it was
terrible the first time the replay is
even more atrocious how do you see this
corn now because I mean talk about the
power of the protests and how people
have felt galvanized first it was the
women's March which was incredibly
impressive the day after inauguration
and we have the government our
government engaged in the practice of
integration deterrence by administrative
kidnapping that's intolerable and so how
is it that this administration can
afford that kind of point of view or
even assessment especially now a day
after we hear that this administration
didn't even have a plan in place does
these right-wing Republicans who have
been vicious in their denial of the
humanity of these people we can't stress
this enough see this thing is you see
what you focus on right you see what
you're looking at and you don't see
everything else around you and the press
is made sure that you see these two
thousand twenty three hundred kids who
have been separated from their parents
at the border and by the way I think
that should be fixed I don't think
that's a good thing I don't think we
Slough that off as right when you're as
we say I don't care about them because
they're from foreign country no you know
these are the least of Jesus's brothers
man we've got to pay attention to them
there are four hundred thousand more
than 400 thousand foster children in
this country every single one of them
was taken forcefully a with forcibly
away from his parents but they're not
focusing on them so then you have to ask
why are you focusing on the 2,300 and
not the 400,000 easy because this
happened before Donald Trump this was
going on all the time and they're doing
it for a political purpose they are
doing it to get
become leftists and only infants only
people who are emotionally infantilized
fall for this and they're out on the
street and they start talking in that
dire way listen to this protestor this
is cut number eight
this is abolish ice abolish the people
who protect us at the border and and
here's a protester talking about them
well because ice is basically a
terrorist organization and we're a peace
organization and they I mean it's beyond
a terrorist organization what is it to
take a nursing baby from the breast of
her mother is a level of insanity and
cruelty that's kind of hard to even
think about certainly feel tell me about
the significance of being in front of a
nice facility right now well right now
be to be in front of the place that's
making the the problem but besides that
is people inside of us are human beings
people who work for us are human beings
and when you get close to them they have
to like feel the lack of integrity they
have as a human being and what they're
doing and there's already an uprising
inside of ice to apologize itself and
Kirsten Nelson who's on one of our
science you know here she is you know
she won't apologize I mean those were
women where women's peace organization
and it is the violence of the United
States government it is the 60% of our
tax dollars that spent on weapons and
more that creates the immigration
refugees and re you know economic
policies so we have to be responsible we
have to bring them in and hold them not
violate them further than our policies
have already violated them I mean that's
a lunacy that is every word that you
said is lunacy it's our policies that
are creating this if it if it's our
policies that create is why are they
coming here why are they coming here if
this is not the greatest country on
Earth
no you know they just got a leftist
president elected in Mexico so I expect
to see all these people escaping across
the border into Mexico right because now
there's gonna be a leftist socialist
paradise so they should be climbing I
mean you know no wonder they want to
apologize they're trying to get out they
want to get out and go to Mexico hooray
there you know not one of them is
leaving not a single one Y greatest
country on Earth that's why I mean it's
it's that simple so it's all nonsense
it's all emotionalism is all
childishness and who does it work on it
works on children the Millennials are
starting to become more
acceptable of socialism Millennials
should ask themselves and this is not an
attack on Millennials because youth and
ignorance are synonyms you cannot be
knowledgeable as a young person you you
just haven't had time to become
knowledgeable but the youth should ask
themselves if they support socialism and
older people don't is it because they're
stupid maybe it is maybe it's because
they're ignorant maybe it's because they
haven't lived long enough to see it
socialism takes 70 years to destroy a
country destroy a continent like Europe
it takes 70 years so your entire life
can be wasted fighting for something
that is slowly strangling your society
and by the time by the time you get it
you're 70 years old and you say to the
young people don't do this don't go this
way and they go oh you're old we're
young we're the new P we believe in
socialism because they're ignorant
because they're ignorant and so you get
this girl like Alexandria occasio Cortez
who gets you know who is now the
candidate in this district for the
Congress in this district in New York
and they're talking to her about her
socialism and Chuck Todd is doing
everything he can to find a way to frame
this socialism which is such a
destructive philosophy such a death
philosophy a philosophy of equality
which is always death only dead people
are equal living people are all
different listen to her talk listen to
her try to explain this away some
Democrats are afraid of the S word they
feel like that social because it has
older Americans here socialism and they
they tie it to a sort of ugly government
from Europe in the past yeah do you
Excel this to an older generation well I
think you know as the clip from Schumer
showed earlier Democrats are a big tent
party you know I'm not trying to impose
an ideology on all you know several
hundred members of Congress but I do
think that once again it's not about
selling an ism or an ideology or a label
or a color this is about selling our
values are you a Democratic Socialist is
that what you call yourself or you don't
want that label I mean it's part of what
I am it's not all of what I am and I
think that that's a very important
distinction I'm an educator I'm an
organizer and I believe that what what
we're really seeing is just a movement
for health care housing and education in
the United State
I love this it's part of being a social
this is part of what I am it's not all
of who I am and so I think that's what
Gurin said I mean a National Socialist
you know it's part of what I am but you
also like I love the dance I love the
you know the Opera you're not something
it's only a little part of me that I am
in not seeing as part of who I am it
she's a politician watts for politics so
you know the press encourages this and
it protects this thing and it protects
extremism and it sells extremism because
extremism gets views gets audience there
was a shooting at a small paper in
Annapolis Maryland right total lunatic
who had been didn't like what the Press
had written about him and I don't know
what you want to go into it cuz I don't
to give him any press but he goes and he
kills five people including the brother
of Carl Hiaasen one of the truly
terrific mystery writers Karl Haas and
wrote oh I don't know he wrote
striptease I think was a demean or movie
but his the books are just really
wonderful terrible tragedy
absolutely dishonest and the absolutely
tragic and the press on Twitter jumps on
this and starts blaming Donald Trump
because Donald Trump fights back against
their leftist bias their incredible
leftist bias and of course who when it
comes to being dishonest when it comes
to blaming Donald Trump when it comes to
who is always in the lead it's Jim
look at me I'm Jim Acosta who is just
like it's it's unbelievable Trump it
come had nothing to do with this had
nothing to do with trumpian rhetoric had
nothing to do with anything no matter
what you think of Trump Ian rhetoric
that had nothing to do with it
Trump goes to a thing at the White House
where he is celebrating the tax cuts
because the economy is going through the
roof I think it's 3.8 percent GDP and
remember that's a number but that means
a job that somebody didn't have before
that means food on your table
Acosta is so far back there is no
possible chance that donald trump can
hear what he's saying and he starts
screaming if he can't see the video the
guy standing in front of him turns
around tells him to shut up but not Jim
look at me I'm Jim Acosta because then
people would stop looking at him and
look watch the self-satisfaction on his
face
you stopped calling us the any of the
other people sir will you stop calling
the plus the end of the other people sir
mr. president will you stop calling the
press the enemy of the people zone
so Steve cracka Jim Acosta Kosta went on
who's he talking to
with Stelter hey let's play that clip
when you're in the back of the room like
you were on Friday and you shout a
question to Trump and he probably can't
even hear it isn't it true that you're
kind of doing that just to get attention
well isn't that part of what you're
doing on Friday when I was shouting that
question I thought first of all he keeps
calling us the enemy of the people you
know somebody ought to ask him after
what happened in Annapolis are gonna
continue to call us the enemy of the
people and so they had an event they put
him on although the other way the other
side of the room but there was a moment
towards the end of that event when he
was walking towards us and I thought
well here's a chance to perhaps shout a
question to him and we have seen on
occasion when we shout questions he does
answer the question we have to find
opportunities to ask those questions and
that's kind of like Sam Donaldson did
decades ago that's right and listen if
they want to send me to hell I'll I'll
still be shouting at the devil is the
way I look at it yeah you'll probably
get that chance Jim but I think that you
know it's just it's the
self-satisfaction and the dishonesty if
you watch the video there is no possible
way Donald Trump could have heard that
question it was purely for them a former
CNN senior digital producer Steve
Krakauer tweeted truly that Acosta was
truly an embarrassment on multiple
levels Jim Acosta self-serving antics
give all good journalists a bad name on
a day journalists could honor the memory
of fellow reporters tragically killed
due to a deranged person with a vendetta
going back years Acosta tries to shift
the blame to trump thus validating many
Americans feelings about the Acela media
that existed long before Trump the
sellers the train that goes up the
Washington to New York Corridor it is it
is an embarrassment and it's
embarrassing that in a moment
and a moment when our hearts go out so
the relatives and friends of these
reporters were killed at a moment when
he goes out Acosta reminds us why we
hate the press so much the press reminds
us why we hate the press so much look
the press needs to be reformed and
because of the first amendment which I
support with all my heart H I have
no qualms about even though it allows
Jim Acosta to be Jim Acosta even though
that even though it does that I support
the First Amendment with all my heart
but because of the First Amendment the
press has to reform itself and the way
you form yourself if you are an ABC or
NBC or CBS or the New York Times is put
some people in positions of power with
the power to say yes this news story
runs this one doesn't run who voted for
Donald Trump it is that simple
that's half the country Trump's ratings
are up 40 to 48 percent job approval way
over where Obama's were at this time if
you are reporting the news and you've
got no one on your staff in a position
of power who represents half the country
and you were only reporting the news for
half the country if you are running
stories like that story in The New York
Times that doesn't even know it's
commentary because there's no one around
you to say hey that's commentary that's
not news you are an enemy of the
American system Trump is right about you
it's a harsh way to put it and I'm
terribly terribly sorry for the tragedy
in Annapolis but it's true and the truth
matters and you should be start
reporting it we got to say goodbye to
Facebook and YouTube but we have Michael
Knowles coming out so run for your life
and we got dr. Knowles about the fourth
of July because we needed somebody who
actually knows what the fourth of July
is about but come on over to the deli
wire.com you can listen there and while
you're there you can subscribe and you
could just watch the whole thing
streaming live all right
there's no Knowles before we started
we're gonna talk to you about the fourth
of July but before we start I want to
play this Prager you video will wit for
some reason what went down to the Santa
Monica beach to talk to girls in bathing
suit oh I know no idea what was a man
would do something like a thing but
while he was there talking to girls in
skimpy bathing suits he was asking them
what the fourth of July is and you know
if you can make a woman feel stupid you
might get somewhere with her so here's
will wit from Prager use significance of
1776 what's the significance of 1776
I don't know you know what that is it's
a year yeah yeah why do we celebrate the
4th of July what is the year 1776 about
about the signing of the Declaration of
Independence what's the significance of
1776 I can tell what's the significance
of 1776 Christopher Columbus why is the
year 1776 significant 1776 Columbus
sailed the ocean blue they say it
because it rhymes
I just I'm leaving the country I'm so I
thought I'd ask you you're a millennial
right I thought like do you have any
idea what July 4th is about well as a
millennial I you know as a millennial
well as a millennial I first have to
observe was that guy will wit was he
constructed in a laboratory for social
media everything about him it's like
he's made for Instagram he is he was
actually is only this small he's only a
three inches tall they're do a YouTube
screen yeah it is really depressing to
see that video except of course it backs
up what we know from all recent polls
about this Mayoress did a huge poll in
2011 about what Americans know about
July 4th 1776
according to 14% of American teens and
this is 2011 I don't think things have
gotten better since then yeah but
according to 14% of American teens 1776
is when the United States declared
independence from France
according to 5 percent of Americans
that's when the United States declared
independence from Canada 35 percent of
Americans when asked to pinpoint the
century in which the American Revolution
took place really only for that there
could be you know in the history of this
continent 35 percent of them don't know
when it took place Wow Wow so the the
big number from this survey is that 42
percent of Americans do not know that
Amer
could declared independence on the 4th
of July this number that number alone is
terrifying but what's scary is how it
varies by age so nearly 70% of Americans
younger than 30 do not know that that
now that drops to 41% between ages 30
and 44 and that drops again to 25
percent among ages 45 to 59 so the older
people at least sort of remember that
the United States declared independence
the younger Americans just don't know
and in part it's because people are not
taught civics anymore in part it's
because they're raised in this culture
where they hate the United States and
they're told to disregard it so we can
learn about you know three centuries of
the Mali Empire and all of the great
achievements of book 2 or whatever it's
when the left took over the universities
in the schools taking over the schools
and they hate the country that's right
but the story of 1776 is so incredible
and it's now because we have this
privileged narrative we think oh those
were old old rich white guys I mean this
is what Howard Zinn writes about right
these are old rich white guys who are
trying to protect their own money and
it's not about anything else the the men
who signed their names to the
Declaration of Independence we're
signing their death warrant there's no
other way to put it they actually joked
about this we know from the there aren't
like minutes from the account of this
but we do know some of the people who
were there talked about it later it was
a suicide pact I think one of the one of
the members wrote that a pensive and
awful silence pervaded the house as we
were called up one after another to the
table of the President of Congress what
was believed by many at the time to be
our death warrants a Benjamin Harrison
of Virginia said to a gerra Elbridge
Gerry of Massachusetts Harrison was much
fatter than Gerry Gerry is the guy from
from which we get the name
gerrymandering uh-huh but he turned to
him that much fatter Harrison and said I
shall have great advantage over you mr.
Gerry
when we are all hung for what we are now
doing from the size and weight of my
body I shall die in a few minutes but
you from the lightness of your body you
will dance in the air an hour or two
before you are dead oh man this is the
kind of gallows humor yeah and it's not
like people were laughing this is the
kind of gallows humor that was was going
on as these men were we're clearly
signing their own death warrants
Gerry himself was nearly caught and
hanged on the night of Paul Revere's
ride for Lexington and Concord you know
that the time they signed this document
the Revolutionary War had already been
going on for a year at this point people
sort of forget that this wasn't the
beginning the you know the beginning
happened in 1775 I have a little tied to
this you know most of my ancestors were
derelicts but two of them fought at
Bunker Hill actually really yeah John
and Simon Knowles and John died from his
wounds at Bunker Hill once Simon went
unserved with Washington at Valley Forge
and all that he I'm impressed I know I
think we were just related to Beyonce
yeah that's and Hillary Clinton you know
that's my fourth cousin once-removed
it's true well just like knowledge of
American history over the generations
yeah the quality has has declined a
little bit I think it's fair to say but
it was built you know his building over
time this didn't come out of nowhere and
the other lie that we hear today is this
was just this political maneuver the
Declaration of Independence was just
about protecting people's property this
was a profoundly philosophical document
yep it was a practical political
document but it was profoundly
philosophical you know this all began
with the Continental Association in 1774
that instituted a trade boycott with
Great Britain you know and actually it
that included the slave trade this will
play an important role in the
Declaration in 1774 they decided we're
not going to import slaves from Great
Britain anymore that Great Britain
foisted the slave trade on us we're not
going to participate we're not gonna buy
tea from them either you know but by as
early as 1775 Thomas Jefferson still
sort of liked the British you know
he says believe me there is not in the
British Empire a man who more cordially
loves the union with Great Britain than
I do but you know we want to fix some of
these imbalances and whatever by the
time that 1776 rolled around the United
EES hated their Imperial overlords I
mean it was they were in a boiling point
and and you see this this in totally
different view the British believed from
1688 from the Glorious Revolution that
Parliament was the supreme authority
Parliament couldn't do anything
unconstitutional by definition
Parliament is is the supreme authority
but the United States already at this
time had the idea that the
Glorious Revolution that the
Constitution of 1688 protected
fundamental rights that that we could
appeal to heaven for Parliament couldn't
control them you know the first flag one
of the first flags of the United States
was the Pinetree flag it said an appeal
to God and he'll to heaven so after
Thomas Paine published common sense in
1776 all hell breaks loose these men
picked Thomas Jefferson for the
committee of five to draft the
Declaration of Independence and already
at this time there were about 90
resolutions throughout the colonies we
are going to declare independence the
United States is ready to do this the
future United States is ready to do this
the Lea resolution passes coincidentally
as it is today not on July 4th but on
July 2nd I know you know John Adams but
this was going to be the great
celebration and what's kind of touching
about that as Adams was always getting
screwed because he was a short ugly
obnoxious little guy right Thomas
Jefferson was a tall handsome guy and so
Adams Adams who convinced who made the
famous speech that convinced them to
vote this death warrant this separation
from Great Britain thought oh well this
is going to be history forever
but instead Thomas Jefferson got all the
credit because they signed the
Declaration on the 4th you know this it
doesn't make me think about all those
poor political pundits you know like I
love Charles Krauthammer but he
predicted a lot of things that didn't
happen right and you know uh political
pundits do that right and this is the
most famous one ever from John Adams the
second day of July 1776 will be the most
memorable época in the history of
America so they passed the ly resolution
which formally declares independence
from Britain today on the second and
then two days later they ratify it
Jefferson gets all the credit right but
it was quite interesting a lot of things
were taken out of Jefferson's first
draft because they want they had to get
the southern states on boards right one
of those was ending slavery right and
when the importation of slaves so
Jefferson said I guess they were the the
first draft was a little harsher on
England in the second one so they took
that out
they said the clause - this is Jefferson
writing years later the clause - Rep
baiting the enslaving the inhabitants of
Africa was struck out in complacence to
South Carolina and Georgia South
Carolina the state that has caused every
problem in the history of the United
States who had never attempted to
restrain the importation of slaves and
to on the contrary
still wished to continue it our northern
brethren also I believe felt a little
tender under these sensors for though
their people had very few slaves
themselves yet they had been pretty
considerable carriers of them to others
so for all of those who say this was not
a philosophical document America was
built on slavery what you know from the
very beginning the entire countries
uncomfortable with this declaration is
uncomfortable and even the northerners
who didn't have a lot of slaves they
felt the taint of being the traders of
slaves of importing them to the United
States the document is in two parts this
is why people don't understand it
part of it is this very plain complaint
political serious grievances against the
king right so a couple ones that are
never quoted these days but I really
like them are the king he has dissolved
representative houses repeatedly for
opposing with manly firmness of his
invasions on the rights of the people we
should we need a little more manly
farmers I know then then we'd have to
listen to the New York Times talk about
our the right is pounced on manly
firmness that's right toxic manly
firmness and then my other favorite one
is he has excited domestic insurrections
amongst us and has endeavoured to bring
on the inhabitants of our frontiers the
merciless Indian savages whose known
rule of warfare is an undistinguished
destruction of all ages sexes and
conditions
I love our founding philosophical
document includes the phrase there's
that practical part but then on the
philosophical part he is you get from
Jefferson first of all a lot of the
Constitution of Virginia
but you also get Locke you get
Hutchinson you get Burrell imake a lot
of philosophers from the Scottish
enlightenment from yeah who were writing
at the time you get a lot of them almost
word-for-word and right but but because
it was so in the air there are little
Americanized changes to the language
what's also
interesting about this and you'd think
that the declaration would have been
forgotten between 1776 and 1860 maybe
rather than now because it wasn't
referenced a lot after the formation by
country it was it was Lincoln who
brought it back you know the the second
birth of the nation Gettysburg Address
yeah and in the Gettysburg Address keep
he pulls it back and he really points to
it as the philosophical underpinning of
the United States yep and when you think
of the men in America there are a lot of
great men in American history but the
ones who have both drafted the document
and who are referred to it admiring Lee
they are the best people in the United
States
strangely enough but but they don't
write for the New York Times I got to
stop you there that's all right I'm
gonna bring Charles blow on next to tell
us why you should be we have two guys
coming in to arrest you I think the New
York Times that's the way they want the
country to be run what are you talking
about on your show today I'm gonna talk
about why the F everybody is so effing
profane these days I got into a a long
Twitter battle with Kathy Griffin last
night where she called me all sorts of
words and I think Rubio is really on to
something here
I I saw that I saw that I was ashamed of
you for even talking to her all right
I'll see you later for the July 4th the
show I theater a high-ticket really
interesting you know if you if you study
the Declaration all the things they
complain about the king form the
backbone of our constitutional
protections and the Bill of Rights so
they were actually thinking about what
they didn't like when they formed when
they started to protect things like our
speech I our crappy culture
so I mentioned this before but I have to
mention it again
David bossy an acquaintance of mine guy
I always talked to in a friendly way
when we ever we bumped into each other
and a guy I admire because he was
citizens united so he defended free
speech in this country at the Supreme
Court he had to apologize as he was he
was a commentator on Fox News and he got
into an argument with Joel Payne who is
a black eye and he said - well here's
the picture of Auschwitz out of your
cotton-picking mind this is what's gone
on in America this is what we're about
all right so he was bossy was suspended
for a week for saying cotton-pickin mind
to a black guy and of course that's just
an expression it has nothing to do with
black people it has nothing to do with
anything
and he had to apologize during a heated
segment on Fox and Friends today I
should have chosen my words more
carefully and never used the offensive
phrase that I did I apologize to Joe
Payne Fox News and his viewers now I
don't blame David for doing that he
wants the gig and it's a you know it's
not a he'll to die on and all this but
it is it's really important because the
left does this in order to make sure
that the right
the cotton-pickin is not a racist phrase
it has nothing to do with any anything
it's just a phrase that David would have
said to me if we had been arguing it
would have said that anybody who say
you're out of your cotton-picking mind
all right it's an American terminology
the left does this to make the right
watch it's step every word that we say
if we tell a joke they take the joke
seriously we they say we're really
saying these things we're supposed to
walk on eggshells all the time we know
that when they say something it's just
guess excuse because it's fine because
you know I mean if Harvey Weinstein goes
out and raped somebody that's fine
because he believes the right thing but
if David bossy says cotton-pickin and
happens to be talking to a black guy you
know then then it's somehow
bad thing and the advantage they get out
of this is is hopefully they hope making
us think about every word we say making
us tread on eggshells making us afraid
to open our mouths that's the advantage
they get the disadvantage I would argue
is so awful is that now you cannot speak
to mr. Payne as as you would speak to
anyone else you cannot treat him as an
equal you cannot treat him as a fellow
American you cannot treat him as a guy
talking to a guy as pals who yell at
each other and argue at each other you
have to watch your step around mr. Payne
and that makes him less than he is that
means I think black people are so poorly
served by this I think women are poorly
served by it I think every race is
poorly served by so what you get the
benefit you get of making right-wingers
think is a benefit for the left but the
left does not serve black people and mr.
Payne gets a really bad rap here because
now and he started it was he did write
on the air now nobody can talk to him
without thinking about the color of his
skin he did that the left does that the
second thing you get when you get people
to be worried about every word they say
they finally get fed up with it
and they begin to think that people who
come out and say disgusting truly racist
things are bold and courageous and you
know are not intimidated and in some
ways they're right but they're also
disgusting and you have to be able to
tell the difference between somebody
who's saying something that's truly
hateful there's nothing great about
coming out and saying something truly
hateful and somebody who's just talking
if you make ordinary language political
if you politicize ordinary language in
order to get the advantage on your
friends get the avenge on your opponents
you ultimately short change yourself you
know I think that blacks women gays
they've all taken this short-term
advantage oh yeah we can bust the guy at
the cake shop we can force the religious
guy at the cake shop go out of our way
drive 40 miles till we hit the right
cake shop where the guy will turn us
down we can force him to do it that's a
small term advantage because over the
long term people hate you more that is
one of the reasons I really disagreed
with the Supreme Court decision
forcing gay marriage on the states I
didn't
I believe that the Constitution covers
that thing and that the states have the
right to do whatever it was they pleased
and I just think it makes people hate
you more it is crappy culture and it all
comes from the left so tomorrow is
Tuesday do we know who we have for a
guest oh we have choices all right well
we'll get back to you on this all right
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Klavan show tune in for at 7:00 p.m.
Eastern Time tune in for our backstage
special about July 4th with Jordan
Peterson otherwise I'll see you tomorrow
the Andrew Clavin show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover and our technical producer is
Austin Stevens edited by Emily J audio
is mixed by Mike Carmina hair and makeup
is by Joshua alvera the Andrew Clavin
show is a daily wire for word publishing
production copyright for word publishing
