when we make essentially a cartoon of
the past when we make caricatures of our
historical figures and we make them into
these kind of villainous cartoons
there's a big problem I want to talk
about what that problem is and as an
example of this phenomenon and of the
problem itself let's talk about this
situation with Laura Ingalls Wilder who
of course was a famous author in the mid
19th century early 20th century
she wrote The Little House on the
Prairie books but now the American
Library Association is dropping her name
from a prestigious children's award that
that they be giving out for I don't know
50 or 60 years they've had her name on
it and they're taking her name off and
there's this process now of kind of
banishing her from from the children's
literature space because of her
culturally insensitive writings so I
want to read quickly a quote from Jim
Neel the president of the American
Library Association he's explaining this
decision he says Wilders books are a
product of her life experiences and
perspective as a settler in America's
1800's her works reflect dated cultural
attitudes toward indigenous people and
people of color that contradict modern
acceptance celebration and understanding
of diverse communities well jeez I mean
that's surprising isn't it
that somebody who was writing in 1905
would have a dated perspective on
something I mean that's totally shocking
isn't it
