I am a strange person to be speaking
here to you about the Second Amendment
because I'm not a facts guy and I'm not
a data guy
as you just heard from Karen I'm a story
guy and to some extent a Hollywood guy
in fact Karen only called me to be here
at the last minute and my first thought
my first thought was that someone had
suddenly broken it to her that Charlton
Heston had passed away and I thought she
was she was looking for somebody who
worked in Hollywood or had ever been to
Hollywood who supported the Second
Amendment and I'm certainly that guy I
is no question about that you know I
always hear them talking about you know
guns and children and I believe that
guns and children have a lot in common
because patriotic Americans should have
as many of them as possible but but I
believe that actually what we are
talking about is stories whenever these
terrible incidents happen what you see
is a battle to take control of the story
that's what you see you see us trying to
say well it's about drugs it's about
manhood it's about boys it's about all
these things and then trying to say it's
about guns which I admit is absurd it's
like saying that you know the Jack the
Ripper killings are about knives or the
Boston Strangler is about hands you know
I would make a joke here about banning
hands but since they just banned knives
in London I don't want to give anybody
any ideas so we're fighting about
stories and I'm a story guy
