take Columbus as another example
Columbus
you know our treatment of Columbus in
modern times is just disgraceful and
utterly stupid Columbus was a great man
a great great man who achieves something
spectacular to achieve something
earth-shattering world-changing he
achieved something far more significant
than anything you will ever in your life
achieve or me will never even come close
to doing what Columbus did and yet now
we treat him with with like contempt
and we focus only oh this is the bad
thing that he did look at these bad
things
dumbest of all people will go you know
that this is this this is the stupidest
thing when people say say well what
Columbus didn't even mean to discover
America and he never set foot on North
America and the Vikings got there first
ha ha
what an idiot Columbus was he didn't
even mean to yeah those are nice little
tidbits of information that you acquired
from Facebook memes but they're not
relevant to anything
of course Columbus didn't mean to
discover America nobody knew that
America existed how could they no one
knew it was there no one had seen it and
if that's if the Vikings did stumble
upon Newfoundland at some point
centuries prior they didn't establish a
lasting colony they didn't continue
their exploration they didn't understand
the significance of their discovery or
leave clear records of it so as far as
Europe knew in 1492 the world consisted
of one giant landmass and a huge ocean
in between you know separating one side
from the other that's as far as anyone
knew how could anyone know differently
somebody had to get in a ship and sail
across this unknown body of water to
find out what was on the other side
because you know it's not like anybody
out west what's going to get in a ship
and go that way
