well I've been away on vacation this
week and I'm actually going on vacation
again a week from now so what I'm gonna
do is I'm just gonna take a vacation
every other week in perpetuity well that
would be nice anyway I'd love if I could
do that now we decided we decided to
take our two weeks this this way to two
weeks of vacation but breaking it up in
this weird way for some reason we were
at a lake in Pennsylvania this week and
then in two weeks were gonna be at a
lake in New England so we enjoy lakes
and as part of our fascination with
lakes I have developed a bit of a
fascination with with with fishing an
interest in fishing anyway the problem
though is that my interest in fishing
does not include so far a corresponding
talent for fishing so when I say that I
that I've been fishing I've been fishing
all this week but when I say I've been
fishing all this week what I really mean
is I've been casting hooks into the
water I don't mean that I've been
catching fish all this week but that's
really this is what I've discovered when
it comes to developing a hobby is that
in the early going and this is why I
think a lot of people have trouble
developing hobbies that why I do as well
is that in the early going you have to
enjoy the Hobby while being terrible at
it and it's it's hard to like something
when you're bad at it but if you could
push through that phase then eventually
I think the payoff comes so maybe I'm
about two years into it I'm still
waiting for that payoff anyway I didn't
have my phone on this this this week I
didn't check the news at all I avoided
all that like the plague so I have
therefore missed most of the discussion
over the separation of families at the
borders by the time I got back Trump had
already effectively reversed the policy
at least to the extent that he could
legally but I do want to say just one
quick thing on this because I haven't
really chimed in on the issue yet I know
that the whole world has been waiting
with bated breath to hear what I have to
say about it
nobody cares I know you don't have to
remind me here's here's what I think
about it if we are going to enforce our
laws and protect our border and I think
we should do both of those things then
there has to be some kind of legal
penalty for those who break our law and
sneak across the border and if we're
going to prosecute them and send them
back which is the penalty at least in
the for the first time across it's a
misdemeanor so you prosecute them send
it back if they come back again then
it's a felony so if we're gonna go
through that whole process then then we
have to detain them in the meanwhile we
have to lock them somewhere keep them
somewhere while that process of
prosecution and then eventually shipping
them back is is carried out if we don't
then they're just gonna disappear into
the ether and we'll never see them again
so we can't we can't say to them oh
you're in trouble now mister you snuck
across the border so just go do what you
want but check back in two weeks there's
gonna be a court case and here you go
here's a here's up here's a note okay
here's your court date come back make
sure you check but in fact you know what
I want you every three days I want you
to give us a call just to check in all
right honor system
don't don't disappoint us by
disappearing like everybody else no we
can't do that if we do that then it's
just there's no point we're never going
to see them so you see how the there's
kind of a logical progression here where
if we're starting with the proposition
that it is good to enforce our laws and
protect our border that I don't see how
we avoid you know you follow down once
we get like two or three steps into it
we are inevitably going to get to the
point where we have to detain confine
lock up these people for a period of
time I don't see how you avoid that I
don't see any way around it the only
other option as far as I can tell is to
not enforce the law or to enforce it in
a way that is so incompetent and
ineffective that you may as well not in
for
and if an illegal alien family if an
illegal alien family comes across and
they claim asylum then there's still the
same the same issue where that asylum
claim has to be investigated in
processed and in the meanwhile you've
got to detain them somewhere because
claiming asylum is not just they say oh
I claim asylum and we say okay you're
good thing because if that was the
process then everybody would claim
asylum and it would be anarchy
but Asylum is a very particular thing
for a very particular situation it's not
for everybody so that's that's the issue
and if we are going to detain them in if
we have an entire family and we've got
thousands of entire families that are
streaming across the border all the time
we catch an entire family with parents
kids everything else and we're going to
confine all of them while we go through
this process that we run into some
complications first of all we run into
all the different laws that govern the
detainment of families we also run into
the fact that there is a different
process for parents or for adults than
there than there is for kids so there
are all these kinds of bureaucratic
loopholes and complications and I'm all
about streamlining that and taking the
bureaucracy out of some of this stuff
and making it simpler I'm all I'm all
about doing that in every facet of of
American life especially when it comes
to immigration so if that's what we're
gonna do I say great and then there's
also an issue of resources and
capabilities we do not have infinite
resources and an infinite capability to
detain and care for and provide for in
an entire families all at once
but if it were possible legally speaking
and in terms of resources capabilities
logistics laws everything else all the
things you got to take into
consideration if we're possible to
detain entire families together I would
be in favor of that I would think that's
the best approach I'm not a fan of
separating kids from their parents but I
don't like that I don't like the idea of
separating kids I don't like the idea of
kids being traumatized and and and so
forth especially when you consider that
because this is a bureaucracy we're
talking about bureaucracies are very
clumsy bureaucracies are very
inefficient ineffective so there's also
the difficulty of reuniting the families
after the kids have been separated so I
don't like any of that and I'll fully
admit when I'm a sucker when it comes to
two things involving kids you know III
don't like the idea of kids being upset
traumatized separated from their parents
I mean I hate that because I think about
my own kids I think about like my
five-year-old kids being separated from
us so I'm like most people when it comes
to that I look at that and I say no if
we could figure out another way let's do
it but the other way cannot be just not
enforcing the law the other way cannot
be oh you have a kid with you well then
just well just do what you are to throw
open the doors to anyone who happens to
wander across the border with kids
because then you have the situation
we're facing right now which is kids are
used as get out you'll get across the
border free cards they're they're used
that way and I think that that is much
more dehumanizing than detaining them so
that is a that situation is bad for our
country it's also bad for the kids so
it's also in the kids best interest for
us to enforce our laws and to have this
disincentive
to make it to make it clear people it's
a it's a bad idea to bring your kids
across the border illegally we want to
disincentivize that we want there to be
a deterrent so that's what we're at
you got a detain that we got to enforce
the laws you got to detain them we don't
want to separate them yeah but we have
to enforce the law so the only other
option if it's possible is the keys to
detain the families altogether but even
that is not a clean or easy solution
keeping an entire family detained it is
still upsetting to a lot of people just
as we've seen because even even after
Trump even after Trump reversed himself
on this said they're gonna change the
policy he's still being criticized by
the media and by the left because
they're saying well it's not good enough
because even if you detain the families
you can find the families together
you're still confining kids and
confining families and that's bad we
can't do that so what they're really
trying to get to is let's not enforce
our laws it's they don't have a problem
necessarily specifically with separating
kids they have a problem with us
enforcing the law so that's what this
discussion is really about and here's
the reality that you run right into when
we're talking about this that there is
not always a nice or polite way to
maintain and protect a civilization if
we are going to have a civilization if
we're going to have a country then we
have to enforce our laws and that as
I've established is is going to involve
catching the people when they're coming
across confining them in some sort of
locked environment ok and then
prosecuting them and shipping them back
that has to be the process
we that's the only way we can have a
country and a civilization and it's not
polite it's not nice it does you know
it's it's it's somewhat unpleasant but
there are not always nice polite and
pleasant ways to maintain a civilization
we have this really childish ridiculous
idea this utopian idea that we can just
erase the borders and get rid of all the
laws and just say everybody live where
you want do what you want it's fine
everything is fine you know you've got
all these people that grew up listening
to that stupid horrible John Lennon's
song imagine you know imagine a world
without borders without countries and so
forth which is just people with the
mentality of five-year-olds who think
that sounds like a good idea you know in
fact I had and also the other problem
you have a lot people have never read a
history book and really know nothing
about the world whatsoever for instance
yesterday on Twitter someone said to me
and I know you've heard this a million
times I'm sure you have as well somebody
told me on Twitter the other day they
said yesterday they said well America
was founded on open borders America was
founded on open borders which that's not
that's literally impossible you you
cannot found a country with open borders
because founding a country with open
borders means you're not founding any
country at all the process of
establishing and founding a country
means drawing a border and probably
fighting over it that isn't as an
essential component of founding a
country is the border that's what
defines it it's like building a house
like it's like saying you know I built
my house without walls well you didn't
build a house that's not a house you're
just living on a on a mattress in the
grass okay that's not a house building a
house means building the walls there's
no such thing as a house without walls
in fact when you
look at the the history the early
history of the United States when you
look at the 18th and 19th century of
your history of the United States what
you find is an endless series of wars
battles and other armed conflicts that
were fought in order to define establish
maintained found and expand our borders
that's what you find you find men who
are willing to fight and bleed to defend
establish define expand the borders
that's what you find here and that's
what you find everywhere in the world in
every civilization there has never been
a civilization that established itself
it established its borders by talking
politely and nicely to the civilizations
around it and saying say do you mind if
we draw our borders here oh yeah sure
you could draw you know what affect its
affect you don't have some of our land
you could draw a litte bit further back
here and then have some of ours and oh
yeah be our guest are you absolutely and
then they all shake hands and they have
tea and crumpets together no that's
that's that's never happened it is a
bloody it is a bloody rough thing I and
and it's it's that isn't unavoidable
now that doesn't mean it's this is not
an ends justify the means situation that
doesn't mean that everything a country
does in order to protect define its
borders is justified we should still
strive to be humane and just while we
set out to do that and that should be
one of the things that separates America
from other countries is that we care
about being humane and just but you can
you can do something that's humane and
just and yet at the same time is kind of
upsetting and unpleasant that's what I
think a lot of people miss it's like
just because it's upsetting and just
because it makes you feel icky inside
and just because it's unpleasant doesn't
mean that it's inhumane and it doesn't
mean that it's unjust I mean the idea of
enforcing any law is kind of unpleasant
the idea of locking anyone in prison for
breaking a law that's it it's an
unpleasant idea I mean I doesn't make me
feel good when I think about people in
prison even when I think about a murder
in prison is it's it's it's not like it
fills me with with just happy
butterflies in my stomach I'm just so
happy thinking about people locked in
prison no it's not it's not a happy
pleasant thing but it's a necessary and
just and humane thing and it's also fair
here's the other thing enforcing our law
is it's nothing personal against these
people who are coming across the border
illegally and yeah you know what if I
lived in some dirt poor drug infested
Central American country and I had kids
especially and I couldn't really speak
English and I didn't understand the
American system and I didn't even know
how to go about obtaining legal American
citizenship and I had heard all these
stories about how difficult it is and
everything else and then I'd also heard
stories about how easy it is to just
sneak across the border and I've already
got family somewhere and you know Texas
or whatever then then if I were in that
situation I may well decide to sneak
across the border myself I
oh I may make that situation because I
would be far far more concerned with
protecting my children than with obeying
the law so I get it I understand on a
personal level I understand and I
sympathize you can sympathize with
someone and yet still believe that they
should face the penalties for breaking
the law
look I sympathize with people who grow
up in the gutter you know in in in the
inner city and they have no parental
guidance to speak of they're just
surrounded by gangs and violence and
drugs all the time it's there's there's
no moral family formation no guidance
nothing and and they start selling drugs
when they're 12 years old and by the
time they're 18 they're you know
knocking over liquor stores I sympathize
with those people and I look at the
situation that they're in
and the way that they're the trajectory
that they've been on and I think I could
very easily have ended up doing the same
thing if I was in their situation but we
still have to enforce the law so we
still have to lock them in jail because
the law matters the law must still be
enforced
it's nothing personal it doesn't mean
that we hate you it doesn't mean that
you're dirt it doesn't mean that we're
dehumanizing somebody it just means that
the law must be enforced so these
families are doing what they think they
need to do and we as a country have to
do what we must do
and that's a lot of life you know that
that's that's what life consists of a
lot of times is you have two people with
competing interests who are both doing
or two groups doing what they think they
need to do and and then there's kind of
a clash there we can't have a country if
we don't have a border that's where this
really comes down to and enforcing the
border is can be an unpleasant process
you have to be able to remove emotions
from law now that doesn't mean you
remove morality from law it doesn't mean
you remove justice from law it doesn't
mean you remove humanity from law it
doesn't mean you remove fairness from
law but you do have to remove emotion
laws should be just humane a fair but
they can't always be comfortable they
can't always be nice and they can't
always be pleasant and in order to have
justice in order to have order in order
to have a civilization you have to have
just fair clear understandable laws that
are enforced and it's going to be as I
said unpleasant no matter how you do it
and I'm okay if we can keep the kid the
families together I say let's do that
but we still have to detain them and
they still have to face the penalty
and even that even if we get rid of all
the situations where kids are being
separated keep the families together but
still we still are running into the to
the to the fact that we're gonna be we
have to catch these people confine them
go through this legal process and then
send them back across the border to a
country that is not a very nice place to
live they're trying to escape it and in
the meanwhile there's gonna be tears and
there's going to be you know there's
gonna be some some some level of trauma
and people's dreams are gonna be crushed
I mean they were dreaming of of living
in America and escaping all of this and
that's now being taken from them I mean
that's an unpleasant tough thing to
think about it really is it doesn't make
me happy to think about but it is
necessary and it is just because it is
the law and it is a necessary just fair
law the kind of law that every country
has and must have or it cannot be a
country the real problem is that many of
the people who are shouting about the
child separation issue what they when it
really comes down to us they don't want
to enforce the law at all they want open
borders so they are not looking for a
more just a more fair a more humane way
to enforce the law that would be a
worthy discussion okay if that's what we
were talking about if we were just
talking about well what is the the best
way to enforce this law this necessary
law that that you know protects our
border if we were having that discussion
I would say that's a great that's a
great discussion to have very productive
very fruitful very important but that's
not the discussion instead we're having
a discussion about immigration law with
people who don't think there should be
any immigration laws so it'd be the same
thing if we were talking about you know
what what are the most humane ways to
deal with prisoners in the prison system
but it turns out that half of the people
involved in the discussion think that
there should be no prisons at all well
then you can't get anywhere in the
conversation because number one they're
really being disingenuous I mean that
they're they're beginning the
conversation by criticizing this
particular policy but then it turns out
that they don't think there should be
any policies so that's disingenuous and
it's also incoherent the open borders
position is incoherent because it means
the dissolution of our country and in
the process it means dissolving the very
thing that makes our country appealing
to those people in Mexico and Central
America and South America so that's if
there's a way to
these families together while you would
force the law and protect the border
then let's do that
I don't want to see kids separate from
their families out Alexi
but we cannot what we cannot do is go
back to a policy where anyone who
crosses the border with a child even if
the child doesn't even started belong to
them gets to come in scot-free you know
we cannot go back to that we cannot do
that that's not good for the kids it's
not good for the country it's not good
for anybody except maybe smugglers who
profit off this whole situation so if
you want to talk about enforcing the law
humanely great but enforcing the law is
the first part of that and we have to do
it even if makes our tummies hurt we
still have to do it all right thanks for
listening everybody thanks for watching
I'll talk to you next week have a great
weekend Godspeed
