it's not even that sort of media
attention that is that is really the
worst the worst is Corey Lewandowski so
Corey Lewandowski is just garbage okay
Corey Lewandowski was campaign manager
for a certain period of time during the
Trump campaign he was garbage then his
garbage now he's really bad at his job
he's on Fox News last night and he was
confronted by an illegal immigrant
advocate in an advocate for illegal
immigration and and this this advocate
for illegal immigration talks about a
really terrible case of a of a kid with
Down syndrome separated from the kids
parents who'd crossed the border
illegally and Corey Lewandowski responds
to this with all the compassion of a
potato so here he is I read today about
a ten year old girl with Down syndrome
who was taken from her mother and put in
a cage I read about a a they just they
won't want to a ten year old with Down
syndrome anything but the bottom line is
very you okay that is nuts okay forget
about the reaction of the guy which is
which is made for TV but Corey
Lewandowski womp womp to a story of a
ten-year-old with Down syndrome being
removed from her parents no and then you
here's the problem you can do this
policy and still look compassionate you
can do this policy and still say I want
to change the state of the law because
we have to both enforce our borders and
we have to ensure that kids are taken
care of these are not mutually exclusive
but Corey Lewandowski is such an idiot
that he goes on TV and makes it sound
like he doesn't care what happens to
Down's syndrome children who are ten
years old and removed from their parents
and listen to anybody with any iota of
sympathy feels terrible for these kids
you remember when you were left at
summer camp imagine that except that you
were forcibly removed to summer camp and
your parents didn't know where you're
going okay the policy itself is deeply
flawed but again this is not on the
Trump administration this is on the
Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals and the
fact that this was never solved at the
legislative level for the last 20 odd
years but to just go out there and say
womp womp when you're talking about some
of these heartbreaking stories idiotic
in the extreme foolish in the extreme
because corn glue and aus key is an
idiot
according lewandowski's a fool there's
talk about him coming back his chief of
staff I'm bringing him back into the
Trump administration Trump would be
foolish to do that really foolish to do
that to bring Corey Lewandowski the man
the man has the honest-to-god
the man has the IQ of a chilled
vegetable not even like a room tempura
in the fridge for too long and it
started to mold it's so bad for Trump's
policy it's bad for the president to
have representatives like Corey
Lewandowski going womp womp when people
are talking about the suffering of
children it would be the equivalent of
after Parkland somebody goes on TV and
they're talking about the horrors that
happen to parkland and instead of people
saying yes that was indeed horrifying
and terrible we need to find a way to
stop that one of the ways to stop that
is not gun control but better school
security would be like Corey Lewandowski
going on TV and somebody's talking about
somebody shot to death in a school when
Corey Lewandowski goes womp womp because
it moron if this is this kind of this
sort of political polarization the sort
of political conflicts where rhetoric on
both sides matters much more than
workable policy it really makes me angry
it's really frustrating it's really
stupid because there is a workable
policy solution to all of this Ted Cruz
proposed it yesterday
now Ted Cruz's bill right which is
supposed to be brought up I guess today
in the House of Representatives right
with them with the help of speaker Ryan
the house is gonna vote on a bill that
unites illegal immigrant families to the
border and Democrats are expected to
vote against the bill they're getting a
clean standalone bill to formally
prevent child separation and they're
going to vote no on mass that says guy
Benson I demonstrating once again the
bad faith the Democrats have on this
entire issue now Republicans have a win
if they will compassionate but that
means you can't send out people who are
critten to represent you on television
you can't send out Corey Lewandowski the
last time an object passed through his
head was never I mean and I'm talking
I'm including his brain I mean like
there's nothing in there
