mm-hmm it's a part of that hour that's
true I'm so excited I hope the clock is
already running because right now there
you go there it is right now I just want
to kill myself
I'm just that tired don't do that that's
true no one gets paid if I die hi
everyone I'm Alicia Krause and we're
live with our newest episode of the
conversation once again I am your host
Alicia Krause and our very own Ben
Shapiro will be taking live questions
for an entire hour you are ecstatic
about this oh goodness oh goodness have
I ever
please remember that our conversation is
live for everyone to watch but you can
only be a part of it if you are a
subscriber and by being a part of it you
can subscribe to daily wire comm right
now and check out our pin comments on
this video for info on submitting
questions be sure to tune in for next
month's episode on Tuesday July 17th at
5:30 p.m. Eastern 2:30 p.m. Pacific
starring the great Andrew Clavin I wish
that he were here right now and I were
not well and that is not just me listen
I like doing the conversation tonight it
was really rough okay so like at 11:00
p.m. I'm ready to go to bed at 10:30
actually in a greater good but early
it's gonna be awesome and then I go in
the bathroom and the bathtub is filling
up from the drain and so we have to call
the plumber at 10:30 at night you snake
the entire main line so that took till
1:00 in the morning and then my my
four-year-old decided you know it'd be
awesome let's get up in party at 3:00
a.m. and then my two-year-old is how you
know it'd be even more awesome at 5:30
a.m. I'm up for the day and they're like
party and partying yeah
you're even more irritating when I'm
this tired I just can't I can't so I
just tweet that angry Ben I think is the
most fun Ben I'm glad you appreciate it
going going back to our morning radio
days oh man how many angry days were on
that radio show angry day some of your
angriest days were the best radio okay
well let's find out if this ends up
being the best episode of the
conversation ever kicking it off with
Spencer in your opinion how much time in
practice does it usually take for an
aspiring writer with some natural talent
to become an excellent writer years I
mean really I'd say it takes a long time
to become a very good writer and you
have to start young it's all about how
much right how much read and churning
and and there is no substitute for
writing and
in writing and editing and it's good to
have some people around you who are
capable of editing your work and making
sure that you're you're getting better
and what you're doing but it's not just
how much you write obviously it's also
how much you read and what kind of
writers you you tend to read because
especially when you're first starting
out it's hard to it's hard to create a
distinctive voice I remember when I was
first writing my syndicated column my
voice sounded a lot more like it
well no 17 my my article sounded a lot
more like Ann Coulter because that was
sort of the voice that I was reading a
lot at the time and now my articles
don't read like Ann Coulter they read
like me and that's just a voice that
comes out naturally over time I think so
a little behind the scenes here for our
subscribers and everyone watching I was
talking to my girlfriend Mary Katharine
ham of course a literalist in CNN Fame
and she and I were griping to each other
about how sometimes we get a really
great idea for a piece we feel like we
knock it out but then by the time it
gets edited and all this stuff we're
like yeah is that out of the news where
as you and our girlfriend Bethany Mendel
literally can turn out pieces like from
your iPhone yeah I have a thought for a
piece and Ben's already written it like
how do you do that my mind my brain I'll
try to type one hundred and thirty eight
words per minute or something but yeah
and yourself edit
I do self edit and I have the ability to
post my own stuff so I don't have to
deal with my editor matters me so that's
good it's it's incredible but it's a
good skill to have
let's go again you just you write
quickly and also learn to write under
deadlines you know you see how fast you
can turn the stuff out instead of trying
to be a perfectionist about everything
you know first first try and see how
much you can write how quickly and then
go back and edit okay Samuel says Ben do
you believe in for a particular vocation
meaning do you think there is a
particular calling by God for each
person pertaining to whether they should
marry what they should do for work etc
yes I mean I think that your skill set
generates a personality generates
certain choices in life and I think that
all of us are tailored for particular
choices and how we act in accordance
with those choices to make us happier or
less happy so if you have a skill set
that is tailored for one profession and
you have an aptitude for that profession
to liking for that profession we like
another one a lot more and you suck at
it then you're probably doomed to be
unhappy because the fact is that you
should be finding the place where you
can do something you like something that
you're good at and something you feel
makes the difference if you can find the
sweet spot that has all three of those
characteristics then you're likely to
have a happier life do you find that you
do you think that you have a job that
has all three of those characters well
yeah I mean I I I love what I do
I'm pretty good at talking it turns out
and I'm a pretty good writer I love the
inflection when you talked about I love
what I do I'm so tired right now Alicia
I'll strangle you figure out what
they're good I won't actually I won't
actually strangle Alicia also okay by
the way and if you want to figure out
what they're good if you don't to figure
out why you're good at holding some
skills then perhaps you should take a
look at Skillshare which is an online
learning platform with over 20,000
classes in business design technology
and more you can take classes in social
media marketing illustration data
science mobile photography creative
writing you name it and they have it
we've taken classes here at the office
in everything from social media
marketing to watercolours whether you
are trying to deepen your professional
skill set or start that side hustle or
just explore new passions Skillshare is
there to keep you learning and thriving
as I said I've taken a couple of their
courses they're really great and they're
taught by experts there are about 45
minutes long by people who really know
what they're talking about about join
the millions of students are already
learning on Skillshare today with a
special offer just for my listeners get
two months of skilled chef for just 99
cents right now skill share is offering
my listeners ben shapiro show listeners
two months of unlimited access to over
20,000 classes for just 99 cents to sign
up go to Skillshare comm slash shapiro
again go to Skillshare comm slash appear
to start that two months now again skill
shared comm slash Shapiro to go check it
out all right let's keep it rolling
because we'd love to get as many
subscriber questions and as possible
next person is Christian what are the
problems with the French Revolution oh
there are so many problems didn't see
what John the Goldberg talked about this
ah yes there are many problems of the
French Revolution so number one
lots of beheadings so that that's her
net suck but also the French Revolution
is religious artifacts in history lots
of terrible things as it turns out and
leading to the Napoleonic Wars so it was
just great all the way around but the if
you're gonna talk about the real
problems of the French Revolution you
sort of have to juxtapose it the
American Revolution okay so the American
Revolution was more conservative in
orientation because the American
Revolution was based on the idea that we
ought to preserve certain anglo-saxon
traditions of law and judeo-christian
traditions of morality in the context of
a libertarian government that was
smaller and allowed for personal freedom
the French Revolution essentially said
that while the American Revolution said
the individual Trump's the the needs of
the communal the the French Revolution
said the opposite so the French
Declaration of the Rights of Man
specifically says that if your rights
run up against the rights of the state
and the rights of the state win and
there is all
so a real attempt to throw religion out
the window
and so there for example during the
French Revolution there actually was
something called the cult of Reason they
went into the the notre-dame Cathedral
and they took down all of the crosses
they took down all of the all of the
icons and instead they put up statues of
the goddess of reason they actually held
back an owl's to the goddess of reason
at notre-dame Cathedral the cult of
reason was one there's also the cult of
the supreme deity which was Robespierre
sort of DS version of the cult of reason
and all of this resulted in this this
manifest belief that human beings were
fully capable of forming their own moral
system on the communal level and that
true happiness was to be found in
shaping the world through communal power
and this leads off is that it's not just
what the French Revolution itself was it
leads off some of the the worst ideas in
human history the French Revolution it
leads off the idea of romantic
nationalism that nationalism
disconnected from any sort of ideas of
liberalism or freedom is in and of
itself a good because what one of the
things the French Revolution did was
unique is that they were fighting a
series of Wars at the time with Prussia
and later with the British and they for
the first time in human history until
then war was not something that the
citizenry took pardon until then he
basically had the feudal lords and the
knights and these people would go out
and they would fight and then there that
was the literal leader job right they
would protect the the fiefdom and all of
these citizens would live as serfs and
and that's how you would do things you'd
have a professional military class and
then have everybody else the French
Revolution undid that they said now you
are a citizen that means you're a
soldier so everyone is now soldier so
have a complete integration of the
civilian population with the military
population and that is an overwhelmingly
powerful move in terms of military
history it also leads to the idea that
great power can be found in
nationalistic unity and that leads to
the unification of Germany Germany
responds with this romantic fervor of
nationalism and the movement from
Prussia and Bavaria being separate
states for example into a united Germany
by 1870 under under Bismarck and says I
mean that's one thing
the movement toward rationality
unbounded from moral considerations that
was the the movement away from
judeo-christian moral systems that leads
to the rise of alternative moral systems
ranging from communism to to Nazism
Minh fronts revolution really it really
a devastating period world history and
good ideas gone wrong differences Jonah
says between Locke and Rousseau lock
again believing in the
of individual liberty as springing from
a state of nature and Rousseau believing
that human beings are naturally good and
that if we could just give all of our
power to the the state through the
general will then the state would ends
up doing all sorts of wonderful things
for us that's turned out to be dangerous
yeah I mean literally hundreds of
millions of dead people yeah Brandon
says hi Ben and Alicia oh thanks for
saying hi Brandon children have been
separated from their parents for years
now but what is the solution to keep
families together I assume he's talking
about the situation at the border I'm
not sure actually no I think that that
could be what will answer both questions
okay if we're talk about the situation
at the border then the simple solution
is for there to be a piece of
legislation passed that overrules the
Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals decision
in a case that was decided in 2016 about
the Florida settlement in which they
basically said that you have to
discharge all children regardless of the
situation even accompany minors have to
be sent into the system and that can be
overturned by a simple act of Congress
the fact that Congress has not done that
I think is stupid already as far as the
solution to keeping families together
generally like the anti divorce anti
family breakdown number one you actually
have to have some skin in the game so
that means marriage it doesn't mean you
get together and you live with each
other it means you actually have to have
skin in the game that means an actual
pre commitment to stay together no
matter the situation barring some sort
of horrific infidelity or physical
violence or something and beyond that I
think that the solution to keeping
families together is to think of
yourself as a family unit like what for
me I think the most beautiful thing in
my life is the fact that when I go home
and I look at my wife and I look at my
children this is the this is the Kingdom
that I have built along with my wife and
this is a unit that is inseparable and
if something were to happen in one
member of the unit the unit would be
irrevocably broken to see yourself as an
individual in the context of a families
mistake I think Joan actually makes a
very good button Journal Goldberg makes
you the point he says but we're all
communist when it comes to our own
family but we should be capitalist when
it comes to the general society at large
when it comes to your family it is a
matter of from each according to his
ability to each according to his need
because my wife and I have a joint bank
account when it comes to taking care of
the kids you take care of the kids
catches catch pan that's just the way
that it works exactly and if you think
of it that way you're more likely to
have a happy family life and to stay
together okay good question from Brandon
there Elyse says how do you prepare for
the show every day what goes on behind
the scenes that makes the show so
brilliant well I appreciate it thank you
I mean what goes on every day aside from
massive and copious amounts of rage is
is is the the constant engagement with
the news so I'm in the news all the time
and not just on Twitter all the time but
I'm writing at least four pieces a day
for our website I write a piece of week
for National Review I write a piece a
week for Newsweek I've been write a
piece every couple weeks for the the
Jewish Journal area syndicated column
every week so I write get bored not
really thank God
so I'm writing on average you know
somewhere between 20 and 25 pieces of
plenty of content yeah exactly so when
you're engaged with the news all that
much that means that you are going to be
on top of it and you already sort of
have the narrative going at any given
time of the day so what the nerve is
gonna be for the next morning so
actually show prep the formal show prep
doesn't take all that long I sort of
have a generalized outline of where I
want to go with the show and then I send
clips over to our producers and they
pull them because they're awesome what
they do that's the best that's most
praise our producers are ever gonna get
and I better pull that clip and play it
again at Christmas time that's exactly
right because it ain't coming again and
and and you know when it comes time for
the show then I basically am able to
just riff her for 45 minutes you because
you do not have there's nothing career
it there's nothing written for the show
that that's something that I think a lot
of people don't realize whether it's
podcasting or talk radio which is the
world that we both came from before you
don't have like notes and stuff first
yeah there are a few hosts who actually
will have like scripted monologues but
not more often than yeah more often than
not it's you're doing on top your head
okay so it's Ben and his brilliance and
then the amazing team exactly aren't
they an amazing team they are just
amazingly mediocre Joel says Hannibal
Shapiro with your restricted taste to
music oh I like Joel already what are
your thoughts on alt genres like
electronic EDM trap Bollywood etc our
synth pads heresy I don't know anything
you just said I don't know any of those
who ever listened to 80s music I have
listened eight I'm assuming like he
means like the synthesizer noise okay so
synthesizers suck okay so it's either
sizer and the synth pad the same I I
don't why are you asking me I just said
I don't know what the hell you're
talking about I'm too tired for this
Alicia I don't know I don't know okay so
when it comes to electronic dance music
I mean I've heard some of it that I
think is is like I think some Daft Punk
I believe is EDM correct so so some of
the some of their stuff is somewhat
interesting although deeply repetitive
but overall not too into it it seems
musically unsophisticated to me that's
because I think we won't be seeing you
Coachella next year no I'm gonna go no
on that probably is there any I'm gonna
ask a follow-up to that question is
there any top 40 song that you like
right now no um I'd have said have to
look at the current app for it okay in
the past couple of years there been a
couple of top 40 songs that I thought
were at least catchy and whether there
was well there's that what what's the
one that there's one I plan on the show
you like the boom clap one oh that was a
long time ago terrible taste wow I can't
believe it yeah you said that you
thought it was a catchy tune it is
saying it is a catchy tune yeah and
there's also the I don't think Adele is
rebel just for kicks is not the name of
the song that has a catchy bassline so
right now I know when I look at top 40
songs I don't actually look for a good
song I just look for a catchy bassline
because that's basically all the music
has become Oh
Phoebe says does your wife ever watch
any of your speeches or debates uh yes
she does enjoy watching anti speeches
and debates actually she she actually
she because she likes me she she likes
watching the speech is better than the
debates because if you love somebody and
you watch them in an adversarial
situation a lot more nervous yeah
exactly especially its women we get a
little anxious but she likes listening
to the show so whenever I'm sort of
making fun of her or or you know nodding
at her she she's she's listening and and
what does she do for a living I forgot
why I've heard she's a doctor oh that's
that I have heard that and to be a
doctor requires a certain set of skills
and that's why you should go out and
cultivate your own set of skills with
skill sure it's an online learning
platform over 20,000 classes in business
design technology and more you can take
classes in everything I mean everything
we're talking data science and creative
writing and photography watercolors you
name it and they have it whether you're
trying to deepen that skill set or start
a side hustle or explore new passions
Skillshare is there to help keep you
learning and thriving again listen right
now whatever job you have you're not
gonna have it in five years let's just
face this ok just warning everybody here
you're not gonna have that job which
means your resume better be constantly
increasing and getting better and that's
what Skillshare does for you join the
millions of students already learning on
Skillshare today with a special offer
just for my listeners get two months of
Skillshare for just 99 cents
that's right Skillshare is offering my
listeners again two months of unlimited
access to over 20,000 classes for just
99 cents once you start you're not gonna
want to stop the learning is just
fantastic to sign up go to Skillshare
comm Shapiro that Skillshare comm slash
Shapiro to start your two months right
now that Skillshare
komm slash apparel go check it out man I
guess the whole crew and I better hurry
up our resumes in five years since
apparently we won't have jobs well I
mean skill show com indeed Ali says you
could if you could choose any person
currently alive to win the 2020
presidential election who would it be
and why I mean I've said for years
Thomas so would my deal president
because Thomas ol is a brilliant thinker
an eminent writer he I think that the
presidency honestly the more I look at
the presidency just as an institution
I'm not sure the president actually does
all that much then we give the president
a lot of credit for stuff that happens
in the country well the president has to
operate along two tracks one is to
pursue the policy president Trump I
think on policy up until the last three
weeks I thought was it like an a-minus
now I put him more like a beer a b-plus
because of the last couple weeks of
policy I'm not supremely happy with but
overall I think he's done a pretty good
job on policy but there's another side
of the presidency and that is the
teaching side of the presidency this is
what Ronald Reagan really excelled and
having Thomas soul out there lecturing
people on basic economics everyday
sounds amazing to me like using the
power of the presidency to actually
teach people about politics to teach
them about values I think would be a
wonderful thing see I would choose your
spirit animal Oh nikki Haley well Nate
Nikki's great un ambassador
hashtag girlfriend terrific Blake says
Ben Trump is coming to speak in my town
tomorrow and the whole town is planning
to protest
it's tense is there any do you have any
advice should should I see him speak
bail out of town or walk into the fire
well I mean it depends are you really
that animated to go see the rally if
you're I made to go see the rally go I
mean don't don't be deterred because of
that it'll be a safe place I mean he's
the President of the United States and
I'm gonna let him get shouted out of
town or something yeah you know I've
been in that situation myself and if
they'll protect me they'll protect the
President of the United States so I'm
think I think it'll be okay but the fact
that people are still feeling it
necessary to go out there and protest on
May as I understand you're making
headlines I understand you think that
you are virtue signaling and that this
is going to get policy done one of the
things that's I think detrimental in the
way the illegal immigration policy is
being done right now is that so many
members of the media and the political
class think that the louder they speak
in the more they yell the more they're
going to get something from Republicans
it's the opposite what they're actually
doing is they're undercutting the
support base for Republicans to do
anything and more importantly they're
undercutting the support base for
Democrats to work with Republicans
because it's a lot easier politically
for Democrats to sit off on the side and
yell about things than it is for them to
actually pass something comprehend
the Republicans Haley has a really
interesting question she says what are
your thoughts on 13 reasons why of
course the Netflix series it's based on
a book and its controversial impacts on
society
I am personally supportive of its
graphic content but a lot of people are
offended by it so I watched a lot of the
show I was not a fan of the show there
are a couple reasons for this so number
one they're good statistics that show
that in the aftermath of the release of
the show there was a dramatic uptick in
the number of Google searches for
suicide and suicide methods there's
something called the word that effect
the word that effect is a well
documented suicide copycat effect it
goes all the way back to the 19th
century in Germany where there is named
after the the book The Sorrows of Young
Werther by Goethe and that book has this
romantic story about this young man and
shoots himself and supposedly there were
a lot of people who shot themselves
because it was such a popular novel well
you actually see in the aftermath and
for example Marilyn Monroe's suicide
there's a copycat effect where I think
an additional three hundred and three
people in in the in the survey period
committed suicide over the average
specifically because when people see
celebrities commit suicide this creates
a suicide epidemic and thirteen reasons
why you saw some evidence for that also
I do not believe the typical explanation
that people who are bullied necessarily
commit suicide as someone who's
viciously bullied I never had suicidal
thoughts I think that suicide is a lot
more complex than you're mean to someone
they go and they commit suicide I just
said the the data on what causes suicide
are extraordinarily mixed that doesn't
mean you should bully anyone obvious I
think bullying is immoral and evil but
the the sort of basic idea of 13 reasons
why is you have a perfectly normal girl
or a girl who's at least mostly normal
who ends up committing suicide
specifically because a lot of people are
mean to her and I just don't think that
the evidence is there for that
in fact what studies tend to show is
when you remove depression from the
equation that bullying has very little
to do with suicide the depression can
pre exist in fact people who perceive
themselves as victims of bullying very
often perceive themselves that way
because they were victims of depression
already so if you're more depressed you
tend to see yourself as a victim of
bullying as opposed to somebody who's
just taking their lumps
interesting Sarah says hey Ben which
book do you like better 1984 or brave
new world why so 1984 is a better book
just as a book I like George Orwell is a
better writer than Aldous Huxley but
that with that said I think brave new
world is a more accurate look and what
the possible future can look like now
1984 obviously was written with
communist Russia
in mind with with tyrannical fascism in
mind and am brave new world was written
more with the kind of decline of Western
civilization mind if you look at the the
the sort of promise of brave new world
which is that we'll all be drugging
ourselves into bliss and we won't have
any responsibilities and we'll just be
able to have children right well
children will all be produced in a lab
that's a lot closer to what society is
aiming toward now this sort of
hedonistic pleasure
the 1984 but that's only because you
know we live in a post Soviet Union era
so if you're living in North Korea right
now I'm sure 1984 was young a lot more
realistic to you
interesting Steven says while perusing
my long forgotten list of books I read
for high school I remembered DeVita's
heart by kind Potok okay
have you read it what are your thoughts
that's actually one of the ones I have
not read so high in Potok has a couple
of books that are just fantastic the the
his two best books are the chosen in the
promise the chosen is just fantastic
book about sort of the conflict between
Hassidim these the ultra religious more
mystical sect of Orthodox Judaism and
miss nog dam who are people who are
supposed to be sort of the rationalist
it's if you want a window into sort of
some of the complex conflicts and
Orthodox Judaism both the chosen and the
promise are excellent books and well
worth reading and Christian says what
key aspect do you think a society needs
for it to become democratized well the
first thing that you need is two
thousand years of judeo-christian
development and then after that after
that you can start talking about
democracy the reason that I say that's
not you know I'm being facetious
obviously had democracy in ancient
Athens but for a society be democratized
requires a certain regimen of belief in
individual rights and also a belief in
the capacity of reason to help us
convince one another of argumentation
what I would say is that reason in the
absence of religion tends toward
communal state tyranny and religion in
the absence of reason tends toward
religious tyranny tends toward theocracy
so you need a common set of values those
set about that set of values is built on
a certain set of key principles ranging
from individual value worth and freedom
to the concept that a that it's the that
any sort of tyranny from above is likely
to lead a more conflict which has been
historically accurate I would say
although you know obviously a lot of
great philosophers make the case for and
Socratic rule from above I think that's
a failure because I think bottom line is
the decentralized knowledge is a lot
more effective than centralized
knowledge so I'm gonna ask a selfish
follow-up question that I have to that
and it's in more modern times because
that has been a kind of an argument
that's used well the United States
shouldn't go and try to democratize
other countries and there's no way that
you can make democracies out of places
that haven't had that so you can't make
democracy out of places that haven't
have it but you do have to nuke them
twice and then occupy them for several
generations right minutes that's what
happened in Japan obviously in in
Germany there was a nascent democracy of
imira democracy before the Nazi Germany
and then we had to occupy them we still
have troops on the ground in Germany so
you can't you can democratize a country
but it requires forcibly changing the
culture of the country and a lot of deep
and abiding ways if you are going to
implant that in foreign soil like I
think Iraq could have been a democracy
but it would have taken and and is still
a quasi democracy we don't have taken a
long time of westernization and safety
and security in order for democracy to
take place the first precondition of
democracy is a rule of law there
actually does have to be rule of law
where people feel like they're not gonna
have their stuff stolen because if they
feel like they're gonna have their stuff
stolen then you you form up into tribal
bands and you beat the crap out of each
other all right
nicholas says hi Ben and Alicia been
with Congress asking for documents from
the DOJ recently regarding the Russia
probe the DOJ will not provide them
unredacted shouldn't these congressmen
have access I think to all this
classified information you you bet yes
Congress should have access to the
classified information did do J should
turn it over you know there's a lot of
talk by the DOJ about the risks of
turning over the sort of classified
information but then some of the
classified information came out and it
wasn't risky at all so I don't trust the
DOJ anymore what I don't understand is
why President Trump doesn't just
declassify all of this so President
Trump with the stroke of a pen
Kandee class file this information make
it public make sure that it doesn't
violate classification standards when
it's handed over to Congress he hasn't
done that I don't know whether that's
because he hasn't paid proper attention
to it or whether it's because there's
some classified material damages him but
it seems to me that at this point we all
ought to see the documents because we've
had so much leaking though do you think
that if there is legitimately classified
information that a democrat or
republican could leak it well I mean yes
but I mean that's the whole point of
declassifying so for example I think the
Carter page FISA warrant ought to be
unclassified and we have to see that
right now because there's been so much
talk about it we'll either know within
the first five minutes or not
whether that thing was trumped up from
purposes of getting President Trump as
opposed to now this is legitimately
gotten FISA warrants I'll put it this
way I'm a lot more suspicious of
political motivations inside the FBI
that I was this time last week before
that Department of Justice Inspector
General report came out yep House says
with a declining global birthrate even
we had an article this week on Daily
wire about how diaper sales in the
United States are down because Americans
aren't making babies anymore and an
increased out of wedlock birth rate how
can we morally protect the global
economy and our future as a
judeo-christian nation it's a serious
question it really is a serious problem
I think that a society that does not
produce children is a society that is
not based around the future its society
that seems to be based on redistribution
of resources in the present which is why
baby blowers did an enormous to service
to to the rest of the United States by
basically sucking up an enormous amount
of resources from future generations and
then not producing enough kids to even
pay for it so you know I think that
that's a I think that's a huge mistake
that people ought to be having more kids
I think it makes you a better person to
have more kids studies tend to show that
you're either happiest if you have no
kids or many kids and it's interesting
what counts as many more than three okay
three or more so if you have one or two
that's typically not enough I mean what
I say typically I mean listen you can
even have two kids and be very happy but
but the reality is that if you're
putting all your all your hopes and
dreams into kids as opposed to putting
it in a bevy of kids you can all take
care of each other then that tends to
lead to do greater unhappiness also
again a society that's not built around
what values you want to preserve for the
future generation is not going to be a
society that I think is either worthy of
upholding necessarily or a society that
has the will to uphold itself
Taron says what's up with Matt Walsh is
he ever going to do a conversation why
don't you ever mention his podcast I'm
happy to mention me I watched his
podcast you should go check it out right
now in iTunes or SoundCloud matt is
hilarious and he does his podcast from
his car from a webcam in his car and
it's really funny and it's really worth
listening to I don't agree with Matt
about everything but I don't agree with
anybody about everything so you should
go check it out and we should do an
episode of the conversation it means
also I would have to do one less of them
every so often so a tradition certainly
maybe they could be bonus episode so you
still get to see me every three months
yeah that let's let's not do that let's
let's just insert it in place one of my
regulars I think that would be better
probably you are watching our latest
episode of the conversation with our
very own bench Pierrot here daily
and our conversation is live for
everyone to watch on YouTube Facebook
everyone on our website but you can only
be a part of it if you are a subscriber
I didn't even I even got a little bit
more sleep than you last night subscribe
to daily wire.com now and check out our
pinned comments on this video for
information on submitting questions and
be sure to tune in next time for July's
episode on Tuesday July 17th at 5:30
p.m. Eastern 2:30 p.m. Pacific featuring
Andrew Clavin Nami oh yeah exactly I
drew Clavin it'll be Andrew and then
Michael and then you again yeah unless
you can wrangle Matt Walsh in there
maybe Zach I want to get him in the
rotation we get this three-man rotation
is not enough like says hi Ben where do
you fall on the theory of evolution so I
believe in the theory of evolution with
that said I don't believe that evolution
is a smooth grated process so the way
that you're taught it in school is that
evolution takes place over time in a
very smooth way the the fossil record
doesn't tend to suggest that so I
believe that that species can evolve
from one to another although the
evidence for that is is a little weaker
than an intraspecies evolution meaning a
species evolving itself like birds
evolving to become you know the same
kind of bird but with slight
differentiation but with all that said
I'm not anti a theory of evolution it
just looks like the fossil record has
certain areas of genetic explosion and
so the the kind of smooth natural
selection theory that basically a
certain number of changes should take
place over a certain course of time the
fossil record doesn't bear that out but
the evidence to support evolution itself
the idea of changes to the fossil record
occurring over time that I believe in
and that I think is true and that I also
don't really have a problem squaring
with the Bible which which is
specifically directed toward a set of
people at a particular time who are
being told about scientific matters of
which they know nothing so that I've
never had a huge issue with that all
right Craig says dear Ben you have
referred to a law in court ruling
explaining the separation of children
from parents crossing the border which
law and Ninth Circuit ruling are you
referring to right so there's something
called the flora settlement those in
1997 is a settlement that took place
between the federal government and some
illegal immigrants and basically it said
that unaccompanied minors so minors who
come across the border illegally that
those people cannot be held in custody
for longer than a certain period of time
instead if they
they're not prosecuted they have to be
handed over to the care of HHS or to a
foster family because you don't want
five year old sitting in prison and
isn't there something on the books that
say within 20 days right so the so then
what happened so as part of the
settlement if you apply for that they
can't be held for longer than twenty
days typically what that means that if
you're applying for asylum then you're
going to be released into the general
population because Asylum cases take
longer than twenty days all right
then in 2016 the Ninth Circuit Court of
Appeals extended the Flores settlement
to apply to accompany minors so now it
wasn't just that if you came here
without a parent and you're seven years
old you now have to get released to a
foster family now it was if you come
with your parents you still have to be
released out of custody and remanded to
HHS it's one of these holding areas or
you have to be remanded to a foster care
situation or remanded to an aunt or an
uncle for example and that seems to me
uh Turley foolish if you're coming here
with your parents it seems to me you
should be able to stay with your parents
now what's hilarious about all of this
is that in 2014 2015 that's what the
Obama administration did they cracked
down on illegal immigration in a fairly
serious way after that huge wave at the
border and they were holding women and
children together in confinement and
they were sued for that they were said
your that is apparently the Obama
ministration actually said we're doing
this as a deterrent and exactly the same
way you know the Trump administration is
now saying they're separating parents
and kids as a deterrent the Obama
administration was saying we are holding
women and children as a deterrent
federal court struck that down they said
you can't do that you have to release
the kid you still can arrest the parent
but you have to release the kid so
here's the way it works if President
Trump decides that he wants to prosecute
somebody his DOJ wants to prosecute
somebody for illegal immigration then
the kid cannot be held in prison with
the parents or in it can't be
incarcerated in jail with the parents
they have to be released so when people
say Trump could end this with the stroke
of a pen
the only thing Trump could end with the
stroke of the pen is the arrests right
he has no he has no discretion when it
comes to I'm gonna hold these kids in
imprisonment with their parents he can't
do that okay the Ninth Circuit has to be
a little right it has to be legislation
that changes that and that's exactly
what should happen okay yay pablor
question from Andy who says I know that
you are not a fan of the Captain America
movies I'm curious as to why I think the
movies reflect on the importance of
patriotism individualism and self
accountability I mean so the so the
basic morality of Captain America I have
no general problem with I just yeah I
think they're good
once tweeted you that he doesn't like
you no actually he tweeted me after I'd
seen the after I'd see in the first
Captain America movie I just think that
he happens to be a rather wooden actor
I'm not a huge Chris Evans fan on the
scale of Chris's and right now it goes
like Chris Pratt always Chris Pine uh
and then maybe Chris Evans I have to
think if there's another Chris that fits
Hemsworth Hemsworth outrage Evans
alright Hemsworth comes in third mine's
a better actor but but Hemsworth is is
hilarious I just I don't think of much
of Chris Evans as an actor and that's
not just because he says that he just
likes me I don't dislike him he seems
like you're a fan of Captain America and
the the morals maybe that the the
promise books the spouse but not the
movie well so here's the problem with
Captain America okay in the comic books
basically Captain America is John McCain
right he's a thawed out old man who's
really grumpy about everything and super
patriotic stuck in the it's a fish out
of water thing stuck in a postmodernist
society that doesn't value America all
that much that's what he is in the in
the comics which is what makes him grits
like a throwback America's awesome why
are you all about America right exactly
all this all this stuff was good and now
they sort of made him into just a normal
superhero teenager who doesn't have that
kind of edge right so instead of him
being 80 years old which he really is
basically they make it so that he is
just a 30 year old right now he like has
a live-in girlfriend and he acts just
like a third year old one today as
opposed to a if they're doing it
properly he'd be a guy who's like yeah I
gotta get married before I have sex with
a woman because it's 1940 right and in
his mind it's still 1940 yep so it's it
doesn't like bad language right exactly
one of the reasons also that I I just I
think they've really botched the Captain
America Iron Man relationship so for
example in in civil war they take
precisely the wrong positions okay
Captain America is is a patriotic guy
which would suggest that he would be an
appropriate act Pro patriot act and then
Ironman is a libertarian right he's a
guy who says I'm not gonna hand over my
power to you but suddenly he wants to
hand over his identity to the federal
government none of that makes any sense
got it Austin says hey Ben what are your
thoughts on the job fed jpowel on the
job federal chairman I think that's what
he means j-pal is doing so far and do
you think Trump's protective trade
policies are increasing the likelihood
of a recession in 2019 so I think the
Fed policy so far has been fine I
haven't seen any real indicators that
they're doing anything wrong I like that
they I think raising interest rates is
appropriate given the situation
as far as the the president and his
trade policy I think the tariffs are
very stupid policy unless they are
directed toward trying to leverage human
rights change or unless they are
punishment for some sort of fraud but
the idea that we're going to
unilaterally you know fix our trade
deficits by starting a trade war with
China is idiotic first of all trade
deficits are not not an indicator of
economic health they're plenty of
countries that have huge trade surpluses
and are garbage and plenty of countries
that have huge trade deficits and are
great this is because you have a trade
deficit with every business you do
business with I mean if you are a
subscriber and asking a question you
have a trade deficit with daily wire
does that mean that we've screwed you
well I mean maybe we did but that's not
the trade deficit is not actually hope
not the evidence of that right I mean
the fact is that you voluntarily give up
money and we voluntarily gave up my time
even though I'm extraordinarily tired to
talk to you and answer your questions so
that is an exchange of services or goods
that is worthwhile and make boat makes
both of our lives better you're getting
a disproportionate benefit today but the
but if you were to say okay I'm gonna
boycott daily wire now because I've a
trade deficit with daily wire that would
be idiotic then you have to go like in a
crowd or mug or something who the hell
wants a Crowder mug why would that be
something that you want says this fall
I'll be teaching ethics as an adjunct
professor at a community college what
ideas and goals would you advise me to
keep in mind as I teach the course so
I'm a big fan of the idea that if you're
going to teach your ethics you should
start off with the basic idea of Greek
teleology and Greek teleology T biology
just means the idea that the universe is
designed toward certain ends or it's
helos means goal in Greek and so the
idea would be that you are designed as a
human being to reason or that marriage
is designed as and institutions who
create children thinking in these ways
natural human beings and I think it's
also more correct when you disconnect
the idea of a Telos a discoverable
rationale in the universe through your
use of reason for particular things and
particular actions you ends up creating
your own sort of castles of morality in
your mind and that is that's been
historically speaking at as a stir you
have to Wed ethics to something deeper
than whatever I think is beneficial
today whether it's utilitarianism or
even contine ethics which I like I mean
I like Conti and ethics I think Conte
was was attempting to restore some sort
of credible grounding for biblical
ethics without the Bible the problem is
that that is likely to fail in the
absence of any sort of objective either
natural law logic or an objective belief
in Revelation thank you professor
Shapiro not a problem moving on andrew
says what lightsaber color would you
pick I'd have to go green I don't know I
mean I'm an original guy so I have to go
with like Luke's original lightsaber
okie-dokie Megan says Ben what do you
think of making blue it's not blue oh no
an argument how dare you it's like
you're watching the non VHS version my
friend moving on from that nerd battle
that does happen in the studio Megan
says Ben what do you think of making
Puerto Rico an official state since they
pay federal taxes and have very limited
voting power in the house do you think
that is taxation without representation
it's a good case to be made that it's
taxation without representation the big
problem of course that the Puerto Rico
has been run into the ground it's
essentially bankrupt at this point so if
it were to become a state then the
federal government would probably have
to assume an enormous amount of
financial burden for for Puerto Rico if
you want to iron out their financial
problems and then talk about statehood
for Puerto Rico I'm totally for it okay
Steven asks a very compelling question
he wants to know if you miss debating
politics with Brian Whitman no no no
Eric says
you issues on that jetty about it mm-hmm
I remember yeah good times good times
for some for another question or should
we just like gaze wistfully into the
camera
hi hi Ben who are some of your favorite
Russian and American composers thanks
love the show Roger stone
um who's my favorite okay so my favorite
Russian composers well Russian hmm
rimsky-korsakov under it so you'd
recognize his music from he did I'm so
tired I'm forgetting me I'm forgetting
the name of the piece - I mean ago show
hair as much hair as odd I'm so
Alexander Borodin some of his stuff is
beautiful if you've ever seen the movie
kismet or heard the song kismet that
that is a that is an Alexander Borodin
theme his musics really interesting
Tchaikovsky's music is really
interesting I do like some some
Shostakovich Stravinsky is is really
interesting although yeah I think for
Pinsky's Russia I believe so I if I'm
mistaken then I will hear about it in
the mail as far as American composers
Gershwin is a deeply underrated composer
George George Concerto in F is fantastic
that's the one that you haven't heard go
watch the original American in Paris
with with you know a full rendition of
the 3rd movement of the of the Concerto
in F is just terrific
Rhapsody blue of course a great piece of
work Porgy and Bess is terrific so
Gershwin is up there Samuel Barber's
Adagio for Strings you've heard because
you watched platoon you've heard da Geo
for Strings trying to think whether
American composers I really like the
truth is most of the best classical
music of the last 40 years is all film
music so John Williams is of course
written a lot of terrific terrific music
but before that there's some there's
some ragtime that's pretty good there
there's a lot of jazz that's that's
pretty terrific so I'm a big fan of
American composers actually although all
of them are virtually more modern
because there was a lot in the 19th
century mm-hmm joe says it's a 10%
religious tithe supposed to be pre-tax
or post tax debate in the Jewish
community over this head and by the way
for evangelicals as well okay here's a
question that Dave Ramsey gets a lot
yeah so my feeling is post tax but
that's because I'm selfish so I so I
don't have a great rationale for that
other than the government is already
taking an extraordinary portion of my
money and if I were to pay 10% up front
charity and then the government were to
take another 98 percent of my money you
have nothing I have nothing to live on
so that you know listen we have
something going the Torah to kind of
back that up the the pretext versus
post-sex it's a lively debate so and it
also depends like there are questions as
to whether you can count like your
children's Jewish school tuition in the
charity or whether that's something
apart interesting alrighty then
because for I mean sending my kid to
Catholic school even though we ain't
Catholic I wonder if there wow I mean
talk I mean how how not Catholic are you
like do you feel like you're doing
something lightly wrong by sending your
kid decaf no but I figured it was easier
to have a conversation with her why we
don't you know think that that why we
don't pray to Saints and all that stuff
and explain to her who the Pope is from
our perspective then explain LGBTQ week
to her I mean that's fair but she's
gonna be real popular at school I'm like
they love Jesus we love Jesus well we're
the rest of our kids about Aaron says
hey Ben my wife is also a hot doctor
congratulations dude well done my
question is what types of things do you
do to help out at home or help her to
relax after a hard day I do all the
things I do all the things again the
answer is all of them so it's my wife
does a lot of stuff but my wife is home
usually later than I am that means that
I take the kids it means that I usually
go pick up dinner now every so often my
wife has time to cook dinner and it is
the greatest thing it is wonderful I
love what my wife cooks dinner but I
would say that typically speaking with
their ordering out or we have a nanny
who helps out and she cooks the dinner I
I run a lot of the errands I try to we
split a lot of the kind of buying stuff
thank God for Amazon which makes it a
world of easiness to actually get things
done but I'm I'm pretty helpful around
the house I would say I think that I
think that's a fair statement if my wife
is listening to this and I think the to
back that up I think she back that up
and if not then we'll pretend that she
never heard this we should do a full
episode I think one point we'll do a
full episode you know they'd like the
Sunday special with my wife that has to
happen it would be pretty great and can
I actually I almost want her to
interview you like the reverse well I
think it'll be fine
I mean she'll rip on me surely like yeah
I'll have to yeah but she's so sweet I'd
actually have to sort of almost get for
permission to rip on me so I but I would
out freely do that because it's
hilarious when she does it would be
amazing
Alec says given you side with the
Austrian school on most economic issues
I'm curious why you're so quick to claim
that there is a quote-unquote booming
economy under Trump the economy's good
right now in terms the president that
doesn't mean that President Trump is
what caused the economy to boom I'm not
a big fan of the idea that any president
is really responsible for the economic
boom or failure unless you can actually
draw a direct path between a particular
policy and the economic boom the reality
is that the vast majority of economic
circumstances have nothing to do with
government at all and it's not Trump
that is creating jobs now that's it I
like a lot of his policies I think
deregulation is good for business I
think the tax cuts are good for business
but in the absence of President Trump if
the economy were bad right now would
that be solely president Trump's fault
no I mean I think this is a this is why
I don't buy the whole statistic people
try it out where they go well you know
Democrats have created more jobs than
Republicans under their presidency it's
like so what that's that stupid
statistic that's like saying you know
that that's basically attributing
everything to like when you start that
when you start that clock you start the
clock with when Obama became president
or you start that clock
three months after Obama became
president because there's not much he
could do in his first three months you
start the clock with President Trump the
day he became president you start maybe
before I became president because the
race was having an impact on the markets
the fact is the markets are a enormous
agglomeration of collective knowledge
and trying to peg that down to anything
Trump does I know we're simple-minded
and we think the president is the only
thing that matters he ain't the king and
in trying to pretend he is is stupid
alrighty moving on Forrest says can you
tell us a funny story about one of your
kids
perhaps your favorite story or just one
that stands out and what is it like to
have hybrids of you and a more capable
doctor so my kids have funny stories
like legitimately every day legitimately
every day they so like see two days ago
my-my daughter was talking to my wife
and she is whip-smart and mean as hell
and she you know I love her so much
she's the best she's a she's a she's a
sweetie but she but she does have a she
does have like she's very cunning and
she and she is for office oh my goodness
oh man and she turns to my wife and she
said and I'm standing right there she
goes
I think daddy should get a job and and
and my wife says what and my wife says
what do you think daddy daddy has a job
but what kind of jobs our daddy get and
she says I think he should fart I said
well you know kid can't argue with that
if we could all get paid for button at
robot we function we can't all be stormy
Daniels in any case mercy you should
bring her into the office sometime
though I mean yeah those are my daughter
no your daughter God bring storm here my
daughter is she is yeah she's smart and
my boy is just the other day she said I
want to be an actor like mommy and
Gabriel can be a doctor in ways I can be
a radio host like like daddy oh that's
precious
that's my two-year-old son we should
just have a kids day at the office
that's more fun when they're here for
sure yeah oh they're a blast and my son
and my son is a nutcase my son is just
he destroy this studio oh my goodness
you'd break everything and run into
things he's a wild man oh yeah kids are
suicide machines I mean when they're
below the age of five they just try to
kill themselves all the time
particularly boys they're just trying to
murder themselves and you spend all day
just grabbing kids off falling chairs
and then they think it's funny too
oh yeah they're this close to cracking
their head open you grab them they're
like ha ha ha ha let's do that again
that's exactly right
that I've seen you chase him around and
yeah that's pretty much all you do why
it says I have Asperger's and I was
wondering if you think that people like
myself need to be challenged more rather
than just be caught a little for our
disabilities well I I mean you know I
don't know you personally what I would
say is that people have to be challenged
up to the standard they can take and I
think that most people when challenged
to have the capacity to rise to a
particular level I think that as society
this is true for people who don't have
conditions as well as people who do have
conditions more challenges tend to be
better and that's not just in terms of
what's better for you it's also what
tends to make people happier so there is
a always mispronounce this this for this
psychologists name is Mick hi Oh
Chesson Malley or something he he's the
author of a concept called flow the
concept of flow is that you're happiest
in your life when you are challenged by
something and then you are attempting to
leverage your skillsets to pursue that
challenge
that's fillet and so when you are
engrossed in doing work that you know
you can do but it's a little hard then
this is when you are most happy in life
and I think that's true for everybody
which means that you should seek
challenges not not challenges that make
your life harder but challenges the
goals to aspire to and if you do that
then I think that you know it gives you
something to aim for and that that's
something worthwhile all right Jeremy
has an interesting question he says how
do you respond to people who compared
the Jews fleeing Egypt during Passover
to the immigration crisis unfolding on
our southern port well I mean the fact
is that the Jews were fleeing into a
desert I mean they they weren't fleeing
into a sovereign nation and if they were
fleeing into a sovereign nation that
doesn't happen into a book of Joshua so
when you're talking about the idea that
you know there's there's a group of
people who are attempting to escape
their their homeland I have a lot of
sympathy for those folks I really do I
mean if I were living in El Salvador I
probably would be attempting to get out
as well and so would you because El
Salvador is not the greatest place to
live but with all that said it's the
obligation of any country to uphold its
border one of the big problems is that
you really only should restrict
immigration and in the best of all
available circumstances you'd only
restrict immigration based on crime and
based on cultural lack of assimilation
right though those would be the only two
things and the problem is we've now
added a third factor which is the
economic factor because we have this
whole vast welfare system in which
people can have benefits otherwise I'd
be fully libertarian on a lot of these
issues because if you want to come here
and engross yourself in the American
lifestyle and be part of the the
capitalistic competition more power to
you and again I have nothing but
sympathy for people who are trying to
get out of crappy countries to get some
better ones for the sake of their family
that doesn't mean however the United
States doesn't have an obligation to
protect its own citizens in fact the
people who are coming in all-righty Evan
says Ben would you be upset with your
wife if she didn't want to be a doctor
anymore at this point I would be so
happy if she were not in residency I
cannot even tell you I mean I I love my
wife I'm very happy that she's doing
something that is worthwhile and she's
helping make people's lives better and
save their lives but I love my wife and
I don't could see her all that much and
so her being home more than she's a debt
to that you've already paid oh yeah that
would be there's that as well I mean
listen my wife always knows we one of
the things that has made our marriage
successful is that when it looked like
she was gonna get into medical school in
the East Coast I was ready to change my
change my life plans and move with her
to the east coast when it looked like I
had plans that would take maybe these
coasts she was ready to transfer from
college on the west coast to the East
Coast
if you know you're rooting for each
other's dreams then you're likely to
have a good marriage
good observation and good advice Joe
that's an interesting question how is
masturbation any different from abortion
my understanding is that from a
religious perspective both are
prohibited so the the okay so I will
give you the secular answer and then I
will give you the religious answer so
the secular answer is that when you
masturbate you're not killing a baby
there's that see the in order for you to
kill a baby the baby has to exist the
baby only starts to exist at conception
because otherwise you're talking about
one part of a Jetta component but not
the full genetic component and sperm by
itself does not grow into a baby a
fertilized egg by itself will grow into
a baby so that's a different thing and
the logical attempts to link the two are
asinine to me it makes no sense as far
as the religious taboo with regard to
masturbation that is largely going back
to the book of Genesis and the and the
story of Tamar and her husband her
husband her husband dies and then her
her husband's brother marries her and
then he commits oh and it was Onan right
and then he commits onanism which is
that he refuses to impregnate her now
there is actually an interesting sort of
debate over what onanism constitutes is
it just masturbation or is onanism the
the idea that you are humiliating this
woman by not procreating with her it's
an interesting debate but that's where
the religious taboo on masturbation
comes from you know that's that's all I
have to say about that I don't really
have a lot more than that all right
Jeremy says how can we solve for the
fact that ice is too overwhelmed to
efficiently process immigrants
attempting to cross the border obvious
we have to increase the size and scope
of ice and the fact that we have not
done that I think is a bit of a travesty
the government has very few legitimate
functions and it seems to me that that
Immigration and Customs Enforcement is
one of them all right Michael says hey
man I want to go to law school after I
graduate college since you went to
Harvard Law what was your LSAT score and
how did you study for it I don't have a
all set score out loud my wife is always
think don't say your LSAT score because
it sounds arrogant but you should say
you were just asked it's not like you're
like hey this is miles that score not
like running around shouting yeah I got
a 176 miles at the yeah I think that
what was the end of that question like
how how did you study for that I
recommend everybody their test prep
programs that are quite good test
masters is one that I
really favor I think it's quite good you
know that they will help you learn
there's a certain system of sort of
symbolic logic that they use on the LSAT
and if you learn how to do it then it
makes time saving a lot easier so I
would recommend taskmasters I've
recommended it openly to everybody I
think it's quite good all right I am
hoping saying this name right is it
Dodie Dodie says if Comey didn't have
the legal authority at the FBI that
allowed Hillary to walk without any
consequences can they reinvestigate her
now along with anyone else involved
she's never tried and acquitted right I
mean they just didn't prosecutors so
they could theoretically reopen the
investigation and then prosecute her I
think that is highly doubtful at that
point also I'm not sure the precedent is
great that we're gonna just start
prosecuting old political opponents even
if it may be legit just because it
creates this feeling that okay now Trump
is going to be out of office at some
point now we get to prosecute Trump or
everybody in his administration if this
turns into a running gun battle of FBI's
investigating prior administrations it's
gonna get very ugly very quickly even
more so than it is now Jeremy asks hey
Ben how do you feel about ranked choice
voting so rank choice voting for those
who don't understand it is basically
this idea that when you go into the
ballot box then instead of you just
voting for say Donald Trump and Hillary
Clinton instead what you do is you vote
for John in order you say I want Donald
Trump and then I want Gary Johnson and
then I want Jill Stein and then I want
this pile of dung and then I want
Hillary Clinton right you actually just
rank your vote your vote choice it
doesn't really hold in presidential
elections quite as much but in district
elections where you have multiple
candidates and nobody's getting to 50%
what you can do is it knocks off the
bottom choice so let's say that you
voted for pile of dung as number one but
it was the number five vote getter so
that gets knocked off and then your
number two choice counts as opposed to
you right now if you vote for the wrong
person in the primary your vote doesn't
count at all right if you vote for the
person who finished third in a runoff
then that vote didn't count but if you
vote for that person who finished third
and then your secondary vote was for
somebody who finished first or second
then that counts as sort of part of a
boat for for those people I think
there's a strong case to be made for a
ranked choice for ranked choice voting
it would it would actually have a pretty
significant impact on the two-party
system because it would lead to the to
the increase in third parties but yeah I
think there's a strong case made Frank's
choice voting although I don't think
people would understand what's going on
they already don't yeah things that they
currently have Joshua says Ben do you
think it would be helpful for someone to
write
current English version of the
Constitution I just wrote it for the
first time and had to reread much of it
in order to understand it I mean I think
that different versions of the Bible I I
think that they what you should really
do given how much the Constitution has
been reinterpreted over time
unfortunately I think the best thing to
do is go out and get for example the
heritage Constitution guide to the
Constitution that's a 300 page book on a
5,000 word document but it's it's about
a 300 page book kind of going clause by
clause and explaining what each clause
means but sure I mean I think the idea
of boiling down the Constitution into
some sort of more understandable text
for people who are not familiar with the
writings of the founders in the style of
the time that probably be a useful thing
sure maybe you should do that
Blake has a pretty juicy scenario to ask
you about
he says Ben my girlfriend I just got
into a huge argument that was sparked by
Amy Schumer she's the worst oh I think
like agree with you here but his
girlfriend feels that she stands for
building self-confidence in women and I
think she is she's my friend and Blake
says that he thinks that Amy Schumer is
human debris should I pick this battle I
mean it depends do you want to say what
this girlfriend or not do it would you
rather be the okay quick relationship
advice first question to ask yourself
all the time if you're in a relationship
would you rather be right or would you
rather be happy okay because the reality
is that you are often right and you are
often unhappy yes Amy Schumer is the
worst
is it worth breaking up with the scroll
of our Amy Schumer maybe Amy Schumer is
pretty terrible but that's your choice
I'm not gonna tell you you ought to
break up with this girl over Amy Schumer
because that seems you know not
supremely important but if it's an
indicator of how she thinks about life
that she thinks Amy Schumer is is a
force for empowerment I'll tell you what
I think that goes to deep spiritual
values I would not be dating a girl
who's in Amy Schumer this this just this
your answer to that question just shows
the difference of the wide-ranging
talent thoughts we have here because
were Michael Knowles in your seat he
would say how hot is she of course he
would Ben asks Ben will you right now
denounce the new Star Wars no
soft-pedaling no political spin denounce
it which movie so I will okay so I will
denounce last so force awakens yes it is
not the worst okay and then I was
announced last Jedi
also the worst not a chemist say
something popular just like all my other
opinions it is it is slightly less bad
than force
awakens why not because it's a West bad
movie it is not a less bad movie it is a
worse movie but because it is happening
to fix the mistakes of the force awakens
and failing ok the the whatever his face
is the Rian Johnson who's directing that
thing he had all of this crap that he
had to deal with in force awakens and he
proceeded to botch all of it but he was
handed basically a bag of turd that was
flaming and told to put it out with his
foot so that was that was basically what
happened in that movie
as far as Rowe go and I like rogue one
as far as solo I'm fine with solo
I don't have huge problems with either
of those films in fact I kind of enjoyed
solo my only problem was they'd already
killed off Han Solo and force awakens in
the stupidest possible way so now he
gave me a prequel about a guy who I know
is going to die in the future by being
killed by his son after hanging out in
the galaxy with his wookie friend as a
loser hanging around and like a VW Bug
with golden dice on the dashboard this
is why I say that angry Bren is my
favorite been so tired we only have five
minutes left so if you're a subscriber
get over Daley we're calm right now and
send in your questions five minute
countdown you ready to roll do it Jason
says I got interested in conservatism
after reading and ran Zack Atlas
Shrugged what about you Ben if you can
identify one author who sparked your
interest in conservatism who would it be
so I would say I was interested in
conservatism from the time I was young
and watching 1776 so I was always
interested in American history and if
you're interested in founding history
you end up sort of moving toward
conservatism Iran is is an interesting
kind of writer just by way of a quick
note I don't - get some more of these
questions iran's take on on the driving
force behind economics which is
individual creativity I think is exactly
right her belief in the the selfishness
of human relationships I think is almost
diametrically wrong so I'm very much a
fan of mine rands when it comes to her
economic philosophy and the value of
capitalism I'm very much not a fan of
hers when it comes to her philosophy of
personal relationships all right why it
says I graduated with a degree in film
and photography do you think liberal
arts programs are a joke I'm currently
planning to move to Texas to pursue
business I guess well I mean I don't
think all liberal arts are a joke I mean
it depends on where you go to college
and what you're studying
and it depends I mean did you just watch
a bunch of movies and then deconstruct
them for their feminist messaging if so
then yes you wasted your time if it
turns out you learn how to work a camera
then good for you right mean that's an
actual marketable skill so I wouldn't
lump all liberal arts together but if
you're asking me what do I think is more
useful STEM subjects or liberal arts no
question STEM subjects all right
and says do you believe the 1960s are
the worst decade in American history and
if not which one 1960s are definitely up
there you'd have to go 1850s right I
mean when slavery was still around that
kind of blue right that was pretty
terrible you would have to go probably
1910s we're not a good decade the the
the advent of World War one the rise of
progressive government the United States
the Great Depression was a horrible
decade or a 1930s were really bad decade
lots of bad decades in American history
what's amazing is that we actually
haven't had a pretty terrible decade in
a long time it's really been since the
1970s the nineteen seventies were a bad
decade but since then we've got a pretty
good had a pretty good run America as
far as economics anyway as far as
culture and not quite as good a run and
you could argue that in the 2000s you
also had the threat of terror right then
you had the economic downturn but I
don't think we lived through the 2000s
and I mean that's nothing like the
nineteen sixties seventies rarities so
okay Brent
brenton says hey Ben if you Clavin and
Knowles were watching the World Cup who
would fall asleep for me right now me
right now you could you could put on the
most exciting movie in the world that
I'd fall asleep man barely staying awake
to answer these questions so but you
know I think that Knowles is a
glad-hander so it depends who else is in
the room like a bunch of you loved the
World Cup in the room then suddenly
Knowles would be the biggest World Cup
fans right now he's ripping on the World
Cup and say oh the World Cups the worst
it's so terrible mega right okay yeah if
you put them in the room with a bunch of
foreigners you'd be like yeah I love the
world's Cup look at me where this
pretentious necktie that has a soccer
ball on it that'd be Knowles and then if
there's Clavin Clavin probably doesn't
like it just because he's from Brooklyn
or is from New York and so he has a
tendency today to hate soccer but
there's also a real British side too
Clavin like on the back of one of his
books he has this whole thing about how
he summers in Connecticut and I made I
mocked him mercilessly for that anybody
who says they summered in Connecticut on
the back of one of their books at some
point has watched soccer for enjoyment
tell us how you really feel
final countdown sean has asked has the
effort for progressive gun policies
slowed ie suppressors and the American
hearing act share act yeah I mean no
question that the push for gun control
has slowed because in broad strokes
Americans are quote-unquote pro-gun
control when it comes down to specifics
and we're not in the same way that we
are pro cutting government except when
it comes down to what programs you want
to cut in which case were like now let's
not do that
it's the same way about gun control it's
the final question here and it comes
from Rachel and it just went away but I
think there it is in primetime
propaganda you mentioned how much Nixon
hated them
eeeh and went after them quite a lot do
you see any comparisons or contrast with
how Trump deals with them
Nixon despised media Trump despised the
media the differences that's a Richard
Nixon was secretive and clever and
President Trump is a blunderbuss I mean
President Trump obviously does not make
his hatred for the media any sort of
mystery and he's not trying to play them
he's basically straight out saying what
everybody was feeling including Nixon so
that's that's not a great surprise in
every so often it is it is quite
pleasant to watch him take somebody in
the media apart my big problem with
President Trump on the media is I would
like him to to be a little more tactical
and how he attacks the media wait until
they tell a lie and then hit them don't
hit them just because they happen to be
sitting there and Jim Acosta's hair is
stupid thanks for being here
you made it I didn't want to I'm going
to sleep go take a nap now thanks for
joining us everyone to subscribe to
daily wire come now and join us for next
month's conversation with Andrew Clavin
and that is going to be on Tuesday July
17th at 5:30 p.m. Eastern 2:30 p.m.
Pacific
I'm Alicia Krause and I will see you
next time
