I just started reading Jonah's new book
the suicide of the web which is a weird
title because it's much much more of an
uplift at least the first half is very
uplift right the mirror you didn't get
to the bads at the downside well but his
first page he says there's no God in
this book and I'm only going to use
reason to argue for these principles
perfect and the reason that to me is
good not just because I'm an atheist but
that it shouldn't matter what religion
you are or in a sense it doesn't really
matter what the roots are although it's
intellectually interesting whatever
works if it works to increase human
flourishing of more people in more
places than I'm for it and and we should
champion those and make reasonable
arguments for why they're working and
full stop that's all we need to do so
where do you and I get our morals from
how do you know what's right or wrong I
tend to think we probably both get it
from the same place that is the still
small voice within
and then our culture our parents our
traditions and so on but where do those
come from and at some point you if you
go far back far enough you're gonna I
think argue there's a supernatural
intervention into the system it says
this is what's right or wrong but my
question would be how do you know
because we know from biblical scholars
that the Bible is something of a wiki
it's an edited volume we know people
wrote it down and he said well maybe God
inspired their writings or words or
something but if we just take something
like is killing wrong but we wouldn't
ask what is murder wrong and right
murder by definition is wrong but
killing is right well it depends and and
so how do you know and so this is as you
know Euthyphro dilemma that is you know
if these moral principles are out there
in some kind of you know Platonic space
floating around up there are they right
or wrong because God said so or are
there reasons and if we have reasons for
why it's right or any God for right you
just skip the middleman and just go
straight for the reason so I actually
disagree with it I know I watched your
debate with interview slash debate with
Dennis Prager and on Dave Reubens show
specifically about this I'm not somebody
who disagrees that you can Intuit that
murder is wrong just without without the
presence of God in fact Judaism
basically says that Judaism essentially
says that there are certain principles
where if you were born in a wilderness
you would still be held accountable for
failing to abide by those principles and
those do include murder right so murder
is wrong whether you believe in God
whether you were born in a bar
it doesn't matter right there are
certain things you can Intuit but some
of the higher order morality that we're
talking about the value of individuals
or how far you extend the tribe I'm not
sure that that stuff can be done simply
through through pure reason I'm
skeptical of that specifically because I
think that what we tend to do in the
West is we tend to say everything that
was good
was enlightened been thinking and
everything that was bad was counter
enlightenment thinking so this is my my
criticism of Steven Pinker's new book on
the Enlightenment is that what Steven
does is he writes you know a four
hundred and fifty page book about the
Enlightenment and never mentions the
French Revolution right Ricky writes at
450 page book about the Enlightenment
and he never recognizes that Rousseau
was a member of the Enlightenment caste
he was not anything Colin southern
boundary enlightenment it that that the
French Revolution was happening at the
same time as the American Revolution
essentially in the broad scheme of
things that there's a whole line of
thought including communism and Nazism
that considered itself over rational
very actually if you actually look back
to the foundations of Marx Marx is
talking about imposing the reason of
humanity on the economic system and as a
whole so if your reason I'm not sure can
get you there is the argument that I'm
making
