the biggest story that came out from the
inspector general's report is that Peter
struck was basically texting with his
lover that he was going to use his power
at the FBI in order to stop President
Trump it's very difficult to read his
text any other way so let's go through
the inspector general's report it was
528 pages that report I spent a lot of
yesterday reading it I didn't want to
give full comments on it on yesterday's
show because it broke you know while the
show was was happening and a little bit
afterward and I really wanted to give
the whole thing perusal before I before
I jump to conclusions about the report I
have now read the report and it's not
good for James Comey the former head of
the FBI it is certainly not good for the
FBI as a whole it's terrible for Peter
struck and it's bad for Hillary Clinton
as well it is just not good all the way
around so there are 12 key findings of
this and we're gonna go through all of
them when we finished Today Show you're
going to know everything you needed to
know about the inspector general report
and you two I think will be a lot more
suspicious that the FBI was attempting
to do the bidding of the Obama
administration the unspoken bidding of
the Obama administration and stop
President Trump from being president and
also to to sort of kowtow to Hillary
Clinton the great irony by the way is
that the FBI that wanted Hillary Clinton
to be President these these key players
in the FBI then wanted Hillary Clinton
to be president in their attempt to make
sure that Hillary Clinton was a
quote-unquote legitimate president they
probably prevented her from becoming
president but it's really ironic and in
ten aful area so let's jump right in
first of all FBI agents Lisa Paige and
Peter struck texted openly about
stopping Trump hey not just we don't
like Trump not just we think from Sushma
actually about stopping Trump so struck
texted page that he would stop it it
being Trump's election so the actual
texts are pretty incredible the actual
texts suggest let me read it to you page
text you struck quote Trump's not ever
going to become president right right
this this is August 2016 and struck
rights back no no he won't
we'll stop it who is we who is we okay
so people on the Left are hanging their
hat on maybe we is all the Democrats
he'll the Democrats are gonna rise up
and stop it yeah as plausible that's
plausible when my wife says you know
don't tell me no one's gonna pick up the
kids and I say don't worry I'll stop it
I don't mean like I collectively I don't
mean like the nanny I mean like I will
take care of it right we'll stop it
sounds like we in our official capacity
by the way is what the Inspector General
report falen right the IG report found
that the tech school
potentially indicated or created the
appearance that investigative decisions
were impacted by bias or improper
considerations the report added quote it
is not only indicative of a bias state
of mind but even more seriously implies
a willingness to take official action to
impact the presidential candidates
electoral prospects this is antithetical
to the core values of the FBI and the
Department of Justice now you remember
yesterday when we talked about this this
I'd report the main headline coming out
from the mainstream media which we
talked about was that there was no
political bias in the FBI targeting
President Trump or directed exonerating
Hillary Clinton but the reality is
that's not what the report says what the
report basically says is that they can't
find evidence of political bias in the
decision-making itself that the
decisions might have been made the same
way if there were no political bias but
the report also says that Struck's texts
do demonstrate a fair amount of
political bias at the FBI and as we'll
see that political bias played into a
wide variety of decisions that happened
in the course of the election campaign
the report found that Hillary that the
Hillary investigation was not adversely
impacted by structure pages
decision-making but this report did not
cover the Russia investigation right it
did not cover whether struck and people
who thought like him were involved in
the Russia investigation and to what
extent they decided to pervert the
Russia investigation or accelerate the
Russia investigation because they did
not like president Trump personally
