so maybe you saw this yesterday yeah
there's a piece on the Huffington Post
if you're if you're in the unfortunate
habit of reading The Huffington Post you
may have seen an article from Noah
Mickelson and what he's saying is that
we all have to stop eating at
chick-fil-a because it is pure bigotry
to eat a chick-fil-a okay now here's the
thing about that um sorry I'm just
finishing my lunch the waffle fries I'm
sorry the waffle fries are very good
they're not the best fast-food fry
however that honor of course goes to
what we all know it goes to what Arby's
right now I had to get lunch so in fact
you know the chick-fil-a that I go
through the line as always it's always
like gay there's always about 57 cars in
the line but it's it's well worth it and
that's pretty much every chick-fil-a you
go to that it seems to me it's the one
fast food restaurant where I mean like
you go to a Burger King I've never seen
more than two cars online at a Burger
King I've never seen that but a
chick-fil-a we were we were driving
through Pennsylvania the other day we uh
we stopped off at a chick-fil-a and the
line was so long the line itself started
in Connecticut that's how long the line
was literally now I think maybe there's
ten cars in line but it was it was a big
line is the point anyway um so but what
I'm doing right now is is is very bad
I'm not supposed to be doing this want
to read a little bit from this article
he says no Mickelson says if you really
love LGBTQ people then you are not
allowed to eat a chick-fil-a he says
when Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey was called
out earlier this week for tweeting about
eating at chick-fil-a during Pride Month
I don't know if you heard about that but
the CEO of Twitter ate at chick-fil-a
which was crime number one but crime
number two it was during Pride Month of
all times to eat at chick-fil-a how dare
he but he did issue an apology he issued
that he issued a formal apology for
having eaten at chick-fil-a that's
that's where we're at right now in our
culture anyway um
so Mickelson goes up I was shocked to
see how many queer people and their
allies not only didn't care what went
out of their way to defend the fast food
chain excuses I've heard for continuing
to eat at chick-fil-a ranged from a
nonchalant dismissal to an
all-or-nothing paradigm to a simple
admittance that the sirens song of the
company's kitchens has proven impossible
to ignore the siren song of chick-fil-a
I do it is a very enchanting song I have
to say to all of these flimsy
justifications I say bull s lait didn't
say yes he said the whole word if you
care about queer people or you yourself
are queer you have absolutely no
business eating at chick-fil-a ever it's
really that straightforward if you're
arguing that there are other arguably
bigger fish or in this case chicken to
fry you may not be wrong however I think
you're under estimating my and probably
your ability to be angry about and take
action against more than one target at
once that's really healthy isn't it when
your goal is to be angry about at more
than one thing at the same time you're
under estimating your ability to be
angry at a lot of things all at once
just because chick-fil-a may not be as
bad in your view as the Trump
administration that doesn't mean we
shouldn't challenge chick-fil-a on its
anti queer stance while continuing to
call out and work against other
offensive and/or dangerous entities
chick-fil-a is a dangerous entity you're
looking right now into the this is that
you're looking at danger right here
now on Twitter The Huffington Post
shared this article and I could have
just read the whole thing because it's
pretty hilarious honestly I won't do
that
um how can you post shared the article
and added a similar rallying cry it said
it's time to choose where your loyalty
lies with the queer community or with
your stomach now this is a very bold
move to stack yourself up against a
chicken sandwich and ask people to
choose between the two I would never do
that
okay I wouldn't even do that like with
my wife like I would never say hey
listen honey it's me or this what's it
gonna be I would be I'd be way too
terrified about what the answer might be
so the but this is what the left is now
doing with the gay community they're
saying hey you can either have a gay
community or you can have chick-fil-a
what's it going to be and considering
the the gay left has been frankly so
vicious towards Christian conservatives
it's you know again I I don't know if
that's a competition you want to have um
but this is the stance that the that the
left has taken it refuses to co-exist
alongside this chicken restaurant and it
will attempt to punish not only the
company but anyone who even associates
with the company it will try to punish
and it these efforts have not gone away
you know Eve we've got this stuff that
happened this week you've got on college
campuses you always hear about any time
a chick-fil-a opens on a college campus
you have students that rally together in
protest
I mean I don't know why it's not like
many college campuses least the ones
I've been to there there's often often
times there are not very very many good
food options and your your rallying
against the best food option what's
wrong with you cutting off your nose to
spite your face or despite your stomach
in this case so you hear about that
there was that really bizarre article in
The New Yorker a few months ago where
they talked about the creepy insurgency
of chick-fil-a into New York City so
it's clear that the left has not
forgotten about Dan Cathy who's the CEO
of chick-fil-a has not forgotten about
his sin of publicly supporting biblical
marriage six years ago they have not
forgotten about that they will never
forget about that they have chosen the
hill they're going to die on and it is a
hill covered in chicken sandwiches and
waffle fries and chicken nuggets and
there's also milkshakes on the hill
especially the have you had the cookies
and cream milkshake at chick-fil-a very
good it's an above average milkshake and
I mean comparing it to even restaurants
that specialize in milkshakes and ice
cream anyway what were we talking about
oh yeah
chick-fil-a now I think there there are
two things that we conservatives and
Christians can learn from this from this
whole you know what's been happening
with chick-fil-a in the left war on
chick-fil-a it's two things we can learn
from it one I wrote about yesterday and
and that it's an important lesson that
I've talked about before but it's worth
emphasizing never apologize for your
beliefs if your beliefs are right and
true never apologize for them Dan Kathy
has never apologized for his for his
stance on traditional marriage so-called
traditional marriage so-called biblical
marriage when really it's just marriage
right but he's never apologized for that
six years later they're still coming
after him he still has not apologized
now the left could try to claim some
sort of victory based on the fact that
dan Kathy's charitable organization
doesn't donate to certain quote anti-gay
groups anymore and Kathy's also a couple
years after all this went down he came
out and said that he regrets
inadvertently getting his company
involved in a political dispute he
obviously is someone who doesn't he
hasn't necessarily relish the attention
and I think it's pretty clear that he
feels bad that his employees got mixed
up into this and he didn't like that so
the main thing he all he wants to do
with chick-fil-a is just sell chicken on
a personal level he promotes Christian
values and and traditional marriage and
so forth but as far as chick-fil-a
chick-fil-a
primary mission is just to sell good
chicken right and that's and that's the
point that he tried to make but he never
apologized for his beliefs he explicitly
was not apologizing for believing in
biblical marriage and when given the
opportunity he reasserted that belief so
they have not won they came after him
this all began in 2012 with Dan Kathy
was asked in an interview about his
opinion about Trisha Noble traditional
marriage he says that he is it is an
advocate for it and that's what all this
started
he has not backed down from that even an
inch and so there's a great lesson there
that you've got this guy in this company
you know this guy runs a company he he
comes out for traditional marriage the
the hounds of hell are unleashed to go
after him he sticks by his guns and
what's happened in the preceding six
years well only unprecedented growth and
enormous profitability for chick-fil-a
now chick-fil-a is even more popular
than it was before all this began so
stick to your guns now of course I'm not
saying that you know as Christians we
aren't guaranteed to make out so well
when we voice our beliefs and stick to
them but Jesus tells us that you're
going to suffer you're going to be
persecuted so that clearly can happen
and does happen and will happen
but not always it is possible that it's
possible that you could stand up for
your beliefs and emerge from it
relatively unscathed
or even better off than you were before
that is possible the left once you
believe that it's not possible at any
time you stand for your beliefs you're
sacrificing it's it's it's a dangerous
thing to do you're sacrificing your
livelihood your everything everything
you've worked for is gonna go out the
window now it is possible that result
could follow but not necessarily and the
main thing of course is whether whatever
happens to your company or whatever
happens to you financially you still
have your soul at the end of it and
that's what's important so that's a
really important lesson don't apologize
for your beliefs but the second lesson
is this gay marriage is the left most
sacred cow and to oppose gay marriage is
to commit in their minds the
unforgivable sin if Dan Cathy had come
out in favor of strong borders or gun
rights or entitlement reform or a tax
reform or whatever else the left
probably would have complained they
would have been mad about it but it
would not have they would not have spent
the last half decade trying to ruin him
for it
many companies and businesses have come
out and said we support guns we support
this now you can they'll be mad at you
but they'll move on I think he dan Kathy
could have even come out as pro-life
which I'm sure he is pro-life and maybe
he's even some he's probably said so
somewhere I don't know but um it could
have even come out as pro-life and it
would not have provoked the same level
of backlash as does the gate the gay
marriage thing
now abortion is still the left high
sacrament abortion is still the ultimate
high sacrament of liberalism it's
absolutely central to their doctrine of
moral relativism and so that's why it's
so important but I think you're going to
endure more fury for debt defending
biblical marriage than for any other
position including on abortion
and this is why most Christians in
America even while they pretend to be
fighters against the left will not
breathe a word of opposition to gay
marriage and they will not publicly
defend the sexual morality of Scripture
they won't do it and as more and more of
these spineless Christians disavow these
positions the left becomes even more
vicious and hostile against those who
are the remaining few we will stick by
the their their beliefs because we've
empowered the left by abandoning this
position we've just empowered them and
now that there are so few people who
will oppose the gay agenda the left is
just when they encounter somebody like
that they're just shocked and offended
and appalled they're like what you can
but this position is so unpopular you
can't still be saying this nobody else
is saying I look around even your own
people have stopped saying it how are
you still saying it you can't say that
they're just indignant about it they
can't handle it and so they become very
bewildered and enraged and they simply
won't tolerate even a small minority of
dissenters on this point they demand an
absolute Universal consensus on this
issue that's what they demand and we
should not give it to them because the
truth is still the truth sin is still
sin marriage is still marriage and if
we're not going to defend those
propositions then we've already given up
the whole game many conservatives today
will say that well opposing gay marriage
defending traditional marriage it's
pointless it doesn't matter it's
irrelevant it's not an important issue
well if it's so irrelevant that if it's
so unimportant then why is the left
trying so hard to eradicate this view
what is it so afraid of if it's so
important why can't they tolerate even
just a few people who have no power
anyway coming out against gay marriage
I think the resistance is a clear
indication that this issue does matter
of course it matters it matters on two
levels
first of all marriage is the foundation
of the family ends that thus it is the
foundation of our civilization you know
marriage has two essential purposes two
components and that is its procreative
it can create children and the other is
that it's a bond a permanent monogamous
bond between man and woman and it bonds
them together in love and devotion and
sacrifice if we categorically reject the
essential purpose of marriage and reject
its meaning if we deny those things then
we have fatally weakened this building
block upon which society rests that's
why it's so people say what's why is the
definition of marriage important because
marriage is is it's it's the foundation
of our of our society that's why it's so
important what do you mean why is it
important and there's a second point to
sexual immorality is a great scourge of
modern times and it has led a lot of
people into dark and despairing places
now the left's message is a hedonistic
one and thus it is a message that leads
people further into despair and we have
to have a counter vision we have to be
able to resist them on that front and
our counter vision is not simply that
gays shouldn't have sex it's one of
sexual morality it's one of properly
ordering you know our sexuality and of
having the proper purpose for sexuality
which is again to bond man and woman
together and also to create
we can't culturally speaking we cannot
give up on that we sacrifice quite a bit
if we give up on that we have to be able
to still defend that position because if
we don't then what's the point if we
give up on one of the building blocks of
civil of human civilization then
everything comes coming to crumbling
down there's no point the left's goal is
to essentially dismantle and reshape
Western civilization and that's why this
is so important to them and it's why we
must resist them and stick to the truth
just like chick-fil-a thanks for
watching thanks for listening everybody
Godspeed
