so was there is there a some kind of
difference between raising your child
that you adopted and raising your job
that you had Biogen yeah I mean yes
there is I mean you know when you have a
a biological child you kind of there are
certain things that you just sort of
instinctively know about them because
they're part of your flesh and blood or
something you know they inherit things
from you they inherit traits from you
they their looks their personalities oh
that's just like your mom you know
whatever yeah but when you adopt a child
he comes with his own set of things that
he's inherited that you so like you know
for the you know for his whole life you
just go okay where the hell is that
coming from yeah you know but but in
terms of like you know the sort of
feeling that you have for them I don't
think there's a difference I mean you
know we love Omar and been in love with
him since he was baby but he's he's been
sort of a mystery here he doesn't have
any of our traits inherited he's got his
own set
