so I think one of our problems one of
our big problems one of our primary
problems in the culture today is
cowardice moral cowardice especially I
think we you know we can look at the
state of things in our world and we
could try to provide ourselves with
excuses and come up with reasons as to
why it is the way it is while dancing
around the real issue and the real issue
is that most of us are cowards plain and
simple
not all of us certainly but many most
and so you may be wondering well how do
I know if I'm a coward how do I know if
I'm a moral coward what's the test I
think we can we can figure out if we
ourselves are moral cowards by asking
ourselves just a few questions okay so
this is what this is what we could is
what you can ask yourself when was the
last time I did something that I really
didn't want to do but I did it anyway
because it was morally right or the
inverse of that when was the last time I
didn't do something that I really really
wanted to do and had the opportunity to
do but did not do it because it would
have been immoral or when was the last
time that I took some kind of moral
stand that I knew was gonna bring about
humiliation and maybe even worse
consequences than that and especially a
moral stand that I knew could
potentially alienate me from even my own
friends and people on my side and I'm
not talking about going on Facebook and
writing some Republican things you know
some some talking point from Fox News
that you know all your Republican
friends are going to agree with no I'm
not talking about that that takes no
courage whatsoever I'm talking about
taking a stand on something that may
alienate you from everybody practically
or you have no guarantees that anyone
around you is going to agree I think if
we honestly ask ourselves those
questions
if we're really honest about it I'm so
I'm asking you like really think about
this ask yourself ask yourself honestly
those questions just as I am asking
myself those questions and I think if we
do that a great many of us would have to
admit that we've never done any of those
things or not done them as the case may
be I think what were being really honest
many of us cannot think of one actual
example of us doing something we really
really didn't want to do but doing it
because it was moral or especially not
doing something that we really really
wanted to do but we didn't do it because
it was immoral and I really think that
most of us probably can't think of one
honest example of us in our own lives
standing up taking a stand and really
going out on a limb and exposing
ourselves to humiliation and other
consequences because of it I just I
think most of us can't come up with an
example of that and I feel safe making
that assumption because if a majority of
us had the willingness to act with moral
courage that we wouldn't be in the shape
that we're in in our society we better
we've arrived at this point through the
consent and often the active
participation of most people that's just
the sad reality and that's why I'm not a
populist
okay I know populism is very popular
these days not surprisingly but I can't
jump on board with this kind of
right-wing populism thing because what I
notice in populism is this is this
instinct to blame everything on
institutions and on the kind of elite
shadowy villains in academia and the
government and the media and they
they're the ones they did everything
it's their fault and it's true that they
deserve quite a lot of the blame and I
spend a lot of time blaming them for
things and they deserve it but it's not
just them the sad fact is
that most regular people participate
have participated in the degradation and
destruction of our culture and if they
were not participating or at least
consenting to it through silence if most
of us weren't doing it that we wouldn't
be in this state all of those elites and
everything they only have the power that
we give them Hollywood only has any
power because we if we didn't pay
attention to Hollywood it would have no
power whatsoever it also wouldn't have
any money if we didn't give them money
we all sit back like how does Hollywood
have so much power this is ridiculous
meanwhile we're giving them we're just
handing our we're literally handing our
cash to Hollywood and saying I can't
figure out why Hollywood is so powerful
I'm so sick of Hollywood and yet oh what
is that for the movie ticket to $27 well
here you go I mean and then we go in and
we vote these people into office and
then we say I can't figure out where do
these politicians came from come from I
can't figure out why they're controlling
everything and then we complain about
academia jiayou academia is destroying
society it meanwhile we push our kids
into these unique liberal colleges and
universities and we send our kids to
public school we're like pushing we're
pushing our kids into the academic
system while complaining about academia
so yes I blame us we are not innocent
little victimized snowflakes who are
just trying to live our lives and are
being bullied by those mean elites
that's not what's happening
so I mentioned yesterday just by way of
example the story of the two biological
boys who were permitted to compete
against and ultimately defeat the girls
at a state track and field championship
in Connecticut and I talked about this
on the show yesterday the reason I bring
it up again is because it's what it's
what got me thinking about the issue of
courage this story is just a perfect
example a perfect microcosm of how
things always go in our culture when you
have radical leftist imposing their will
on moral cowards
so as I said yesterday just in that
example just as one example if every
parent who silently disagreed with
allowing boys to steal medals from their
daughters and every coach who privately
felt disgusted by it in every school
official who harbored serious
reservations about the whole thing in
their minds if they all would just speak
up and refuse to participate in or
facilitate any competition that involves
boys then the problem would be solved
just like that and that's the case for
most of these problems if everybody who
silently disagreed with it would just
say something and do something about it
the problem would go away it would
really be that easy for most of these
things but in that case too many people
were afraid too many of them are cowards
and so they let they let the smallest
minority pushing the craziest ideology
prevail because they were too afraid I
hear all the time about the so-called
silent majority there is supposedly a
silent majority who allegedly opposes
and despises radical left ISM you know
they they're not on board with any of
this with any of this stuff
they're the silent majority and
conservatives will often talk about this
majority with some kind of like pride
you know conservatives will talk about
this majority as if we're proud of the
fact we'll say well you know we're the
ones really in the majority but we're
the ones with there's more of us than
there are then did you know that well I
don't understand the pride because if
this majority exists and I think it
probably does then their status as a
majority just makes their cowardice all
the more shameful I mean you're telling
me that we that we're in the majority
and we know we're in the majority yet we
still won't say anything we still sit
back and let all this stuff happen
we've allowed the the relativists and
the hedonist to up end and reshape and
reform and destroy our civilization and
dictate terms to us and get their way on
almost everything even to the point of
intruding into our daughter's bathrooms
and sports teams and what do we do in
response we just kind of shake our head
and we Furr our brows and we we we
mutter quietly to each other and we
complain about it whispering in our in
our living rooms to each other with
nobody you know we're whispering to each
other our living room the doors lock
we're looking around and hey you know I
really disagree with this transgender
stuff you know I honestly I think it's
crazy but so much coming how many
schools have instituted these insane
transgender policies while a majority of
parents and teachers and everybody
opposes it yet says nothing that you've
got this in in these cases with the
transgender stuff there's definitely a
silent majority who are totally against
it and think it's nuts but they won't
say it they just stay quiet and that's
just one example I mean in my piece
yesterday I mentioned the story of a
CrossFit executive now this is an
example on the other end of the spectrum
this is an example of courage this is
what courage looks like so a CrossFit
executive got fired after saying that
gay pride parades and gay pride
festivals are sinful which is true they
are sinful and he said this on his own
Twitter account and he was fired for it
but that that made me think well how
many communities have hosted these
sinful spectacles known as pride parades
while the majority of residents in these
communities are absolutely opposed to
the whole thing but they don't say a
word of protest against it they just
they just kind of stand off on the side
and maybe even they maybe they even wave
one of the rainbow flags just so nobody
because they don't want anyone to know
that they're opposed to this in their
head they're so terrified how many how
many people feel
very upset about the Holocaust of the
unborn that happens in abortion clinics
across our nation and the 1 million
babies that are killed every year and
yet although they feel a set upset by it
they do and say nothing in opposition to
it how many people complain as I said
about it complain about Hollywood and
all the filth on TV and everything yet
they keep on watching it watching the
filth and letting their children watch
it and on and on and on and on we let
all of this stuff happen we stand by
while it happens we say nothing and then
we claim that our silence is rooted in
some kind of principle this is my
favorite thing when conservatives are
trying to justify their cowardice in
their silence and so they'll they'll try
to make it about freedom about about
respecting other people's privacy and
they'll say well I don't agree with it
but we all have freedom and you know the
free market and freedom and free market
that's pick up look I believe in freedom
and I believe in the free market but it
has become a crutch for cowardly wusses
in the conservative movement who just
want day one they lean on that for
everything to give them an excuse so
they don't have to fight back ever about
anything so like for instance I remember
I wrote an article a few months ago
about about porn and I said that porn
should be banned it should be illegal
which is a position the idea that it
should be illegal to publish hardcore
pornography that children that like
eight-year-olds can access now that is
not a radical position or at least up
until very recently it would not have
been considered a radical position and
almost anyone who considers them
conservative they could consider that
consider themselves conservative and
certainly anyone who considered
themselves Christian would agree
obviously yes that stuff should be
illegal by so I wrote this article and
what I found is that the majority of
conservatives in the audience absolutely
disagreed with making hardcore
pornography they they on on the basis of
freedom they said we know we need its
freedom though so yes because of freedom
we have to let
year-olds watch hardcore pornography
that's that's what we need its freedom
that's what Thomas Jefferson would have
wanted you know something I know this is
gonna be very scandalous for a lot of
conservatives in the audience I don't
care what Thomas Jefferson would have
wanted Thomas Jefferson is not God
now I actually don't agree I think that
our founding fathers never intended for
the First Amendment to cover hardcore
pornography and if they could have
looked into a crystal wall and saw a
situation where the First Amendment was
being used to to to to give
pornographers the the freedom to to to
you know shove this spill into the faces
of children I think our founding fathers
would have been very much against that
and the fact that there were decency
laws on the books in almost every state
up until recently I think that kind of
speaks to that but but but here's the
point yeah I think it's pretty clear
that the First Amendment does not
protect our core pornography and it does
not exclude individual communities and
states it doesn't prevent communities
and states from having standards of
decency and decency laws so that's as
far as the law goes I think that's clear
but as far as what our founding fathers
individually would have wanted in their
own heads I don't care it doesn't matter
doesn't matter to me
I mean Thomas Jefferson was also I mean
he ripped apart the Bible and made his
own Bible okay so that's what that's
from a moral and spiritual perspective
that's the kind of guy we were dealing
with so I don't really care what his
moral and spiritual opinions were all
right that as a Christian what we need
to be what we need to be worried about
is what would Jesus it's not like what
were Thomas Jefferson what were the
founding fathers priorities what was
Jesus's priorities what would Jesus want
for our country and our community and
our children that's who we should be
worried about Jesus
is God not the people on Mount Rushmore
that the founding fathers not the people
that you know sign the Declaration of
Independence they were all they were
great men they were not gods
and I think in the conservative movement
what we've done is we have made a
religion out of we've made kind of a
national religion for ourselves and we
have pushed Jesus out of the frame
completely but as Christians I think
it's clear that our first priority is to
shape the kind of country and the kind
of civilization the kind of community
that God wants for us that's what we
should be doing and that means standing
up against filth and degeneracy and in
all this stuff do you want to live in a
culture of Filth and degeneracy where
your children are eaten alive by this
garbage is that the kind of culture you
want if not say something don't tell me
why I don't want it but we can't do
anything because of freedom no that's
it's not freedom you're talking about
it's cowardice so do something stand up
the fact is that most of us are exactly
like the parents coaches and officials
who stood off on the sidelines politely
clapping while a couple of dudes cheated
and humiliated their daughters that's
what most of them were doing their words
they were just kind of did a fake smile
on their face and they were just
standing up on the silent yeah okay good
job you go girl
I mean why why why weren't their parents
running on to the running onto the track
itself and saying no I'm not gonna let
this race go up why wasn't why didn't
some girls dad go up and confront these
dudes these cheaters and say hey buddy
you got the wrong track the boys track
meet is that way okay now get off why
didn't somebody's dad do that you think
let me ask you is like 50 years
if this had had this happened fifty
years ago imagine like your grandfather
okay um if 50 years ago you've got to do
you got some muscle-bound dude that
shows up at a girl's track need fifty
years ago it says yeah I'm gonna race
against the girl and they're a bunch of
dads in the audience how do you think
the dads are gonna respond to that do
you think they would have just sat back
and said well we can't do anything it's
freedom you know freedom yeah it's what
Thomas Jefferson would have wanted
no those does dads would have walked
right onto that track and said hey but
golf no you get here but we don't do
that anymore and why is that because
because we're afraid and what do we say
we're afraid of I think the month one of
the excuses that you always hear is well
we'll lose our jobs well I think there's
quite a bit that we could do to stand
for our convictions without getting to
the point where we might lose our jobs
like losing our jobs is here and we're
over here we could we got a lot of room
to cover before we have to worry about
losing your job
but even if that is a risk and maybe it
is in some situations for some jobs
maybe it is a risk okay maybe that's a
risk we have to take Jesus says we have
to be willing to give up our lives for
the truth so if we won't even give up
our jobs potentially for the truth then
how far are we from living like Jesus
told us to live but the thing is that's
not even the real fear is it because
it's not just about jobs I think people
are mostly afraid of social alienation
they're afraid of humiliation and it's
natural to feel that fear those things
but really when you think about it who
cares about that
who cares what these cackling drones
think about you so people laugh at you
who cares
me what what why be afraid of that our
lives are not being threatened we're not
being called upon to demonstrate a huge
amount of courage the kind of courage
that you need to demonstrate when you're
when your actual life is at
risk our lives aren't at risk nobody's
coming to our houses and killing us
because of our opinions maybe eventually
we'll be at that point but well actually
we're never going to be at that point at
this rate because there's no reason for
us to ever consent but AO our you know
our ideological enemies and the enemies
of God in our culture they don't need to
kill us because we're no threat to them
we're just we're too busy watching
Netflix and minding our own business so
why are they gonna come kill us
we're not worth killing basically the
Christians in the Middle East they're
worth killing from the perspective of
the Satanic persecutors of the church
because they are they're on fire with
the faith and they're courageous and
they're strong Christians and so the
enemies of the church say well we got me
all we can do is kill them the enemies
of the church in this country they look
at us and they just laugh they say you
guys are no threat you're not gonna do
anything I mean you won't even stop
watching Disney movies yet you complain
about Disney you can't even bring
yourself to do that yes you're no threat
now you're worried we're gonna kill you
why would we ever do that
so it's not a lot of courage that we
need to demonstrate I think we need to
demonstrate just a little bit just a
little tiny speck of courage and if we
all had that if we all had just our
little speck if we all came equipped
into every situation with just that
little speck of courage like he can't
hardly even see it but if we all have
that and we're willing in any situation
to demonstrate just that small speck of
courage for only even just a few seconds
that's what most most situations call
for a small amount of courage that you
will demonstrate for a very short amount
of time and if we were willing to do
that then I think everything would
change so that's my challenge
to you and to myself because by the way
I'm not I'm saying all this I'm talking
to myself as well not just to you I'm
talking to all of us so I'm using a word
we and us I certainly don't put myself
forward as a some sort of monument of
courage at all so this is a challenge
for all of us
and I think if we if we were willing to
if we're willing to just have a little
bit of courage or short amount of time
little courage in small spurts basically
we're willing to do that then I think
things would change so let's give it a
try it's worth a shot
and who knows it could be fun it could
be exciting that's the other thing I
think when you if you live with courage
your life is also more exciting and
unpredictable right so let's let's let's
just try it and see what happens thanks
for watching thanks for listening
everybody Godspeed
