let's talk about the Tony Awards last
night so the Tony Awards happened last
night and apparently the deep thinkers
at the Tony Awards felt the necessity to
virtue signal to all of their friends in
the in the theatre industry this began
with Robert De Niro Sir Robert De Niro
gets up and he gives a very eloquent
statement of why he opposes president
Trump like a very eloquent deep
statement of why President Trump ought
to be ousted and his a grave threat to
the system of American democracy I'm
gonna say one thing
Trump okay we bleeped it out he says F
Trump right there standing ovation
standing ovation I'm just gonna say one
thing F Trump such bravery stunning
bravery no longer down with Trump its F
Trump o bravery bravery beyond all
measure bravery beyond all capacity I'm
sure that everyone in that audience
hated Trump until that moment and then
Robert DeNiro spoke truth to power and
suddenly all of the love that they had
had for Trump up till then and turned to
hate wow what what unbelievable Bret
just speaking truth and the explanation
I mean the real fulsome explanation of
why he opposes President Trump there
really is quite meaningful I will say
like I thought it was a convincing case
a beautifully convincing case by Robert
DeNiro for why you shouldn't support
President Trump and good for Amit what
an amazing dude Robert DeNiro is and
then Andrew Garfield gets up so Andrew
Garfield who recall from such great
movies as spider-man the reboot that was
then rebooted Andrew Garfield is in
Angels in America so Angels in America
you'll remember as a tendentious over
long ridiculous crappy TV series from
HBO starring half of Hollywood is like a
nine hour meditation on homosexuality in
America from like 1960s on and they made
a seven-hour Vagan Aryan production of
it for Broadway in which Andrew Garfield
plays a young gay man suffering from
AIDS and enter Garfield gets up at the
Tony Awards where a quarter of the
audience probably is gay and he starts
lecturing Americans in front of the
cameras about the masterpiece cake shop
case because he doesn't know anything
about law or about apparently decency so
he gets up and then he starts talking
about let's let's let's down with the
Supreme Court so we had Robert DeNiro F
Trump and now we have Andrew Garfield
speaking from the heart about why
Christians should be forced to violate
their own religious precepts we are all
sacred and we all belong so let's just
bake a cake for everyone who wants a
cake to be baked so let's just bake okay
fine I asked you Andrew Garfield I'm
gonna write a play about masterpiece
cake shop it's about how the Christian
family in that case was victimized by
the addictive LGBT activists and who
almost ruined their business and
destroyed their lives I would like you
to play the lead I would like Andrew
Garfield to play the lead as the
Christian man who refused service to the
same-sex wedding out of religious
conviction and that almost had his life
destroyed by a bunch of vindictive
bureaucrats and you should play that
lead act the part you know if everybody
why can't we all just act the parts that
we're asked to act I'm happy to pay your
salary I'll raise the money to do it and
you can star it in Andrew Garfield I
mean I'm serious about this I will go
raise the money right now if he pledges
to act in this play I will write it and
then we'll go get the money and Andrew
Garfield can act it'll be great because
he shouldn't have any say as to what
sort of parts he acts he should just act
whatever part comes in front of him and
if he has moral scruples about that part
why can't he be tolerance why can't he
be a more tolerant person why can't he
just act the part that people want him
to act and are willing to pay him to act
I'm willing to even pay him his money
I'm not saying do it for free hey this
is the stupidity of this position
hey this idea just baked the cake just
bake the cake what if I don't want to
make the cake it's a free damn country I
get to not bake the cake if I don't want
to bake the cake and the fact that
Andrew Garfield stands up there and is
lecturing everybody about what cake to
make he's an artist too he should know
he should know when it is appropriate
and when it is not to force people to do
things he has an artist I do not get to
force my perception of what Andrew
Garfield should act upon Andrew Garfield
that's not the way this works even
though he's in the public square even
though he's operating in the area of
commerce I don't get to do that but
according to Andrew Garfield everybody
else should have to do that because he
is upset that gay weddings aren't gonna
get the cake from the Christian shop as
opposed to the cake from every other
bake shop in America owned by a gay
person like it's just it's ridiculous
and it's over the top and again it's
virtue signaling in front of a bunch of
people who agree with him and so he gets
big cheers for that if we want to
actually be brave you should have gone
out there and said we all need to
tolerate one another and that means that
I'm willing to tolerate the Christian
Baker who doesn't want to cater my
same-sex wedding and the Christian Baker
should tolerate me
I come in and ask for a cake he doesn't
he doesn't wanna do that right instead
he wants to engage in in a bit of let me
tell you what to do which is what the
entire left apparently wants to do now
so that's just that's just wonderful
