so one of the things that that's really
fun that we get to do is we get to
Citroen intellectualize about the state
of the conservative movement if there is
one and I want to ask you about that
because there's been so much written in
the past few years particularly since
the rise of President Trump about the
the state of the conservative movement
both you and I were quote-unquote never
Trump errs in the sense that we did not
vote for President Trump I believe that
that we would both consider ourselves
that no here's the way I define never
Trump it ended the day of the election
there's no more there's no more never
Trump after that because now he's the
president and so he does good stuff and
he does bad stuff and when he does good
stuff yay and where does bad stuff boo
right you have one president at a time
that was my I wrote a column called
never Trump never more where I said I
wasn't gonna start lying about the guy I
was still gonna call balls and strikes
as I see it
but he won he only have one president at
a time and so my understanding of never
Trump was always a personal one which
was I wasn't gonna vote for him I wasn't
gonna endorsement I didn't want anyway
congrats so you're in the sometimes
Trump category right and that's what I
so one of the pet peeves obviously that
I think both of us have experienced is
this constant refrain from some of the
bigger Trump fans that we must be never
Trump every time we cap every time we we
criticize him how do you how do you deal
with with that criticism and do you
think it's even honest at this point I
don't think that there's a lot of
honesty to people who are labeling folks
who clearly are not like never Trump is
over they just use it as it's now being
used as an epithet at a time when the
epithet no longer applies I would say
maybe there are a few people who are
legit never Trump arisen maybe Brett
Stephens sure Jennifer Rubin yeah
exactly
David Frum but but it's it's we named
them right it's not like a movement
there's this this this weird sort of
notion there's an existential threat
from never Trump pers to take down I
don't see that at all in fact I'm on the
horn with people at the White House on
not infrequent basis talking to them
because this doesn't exist anymore like
Trump is the president how do you how do
you deal with this this can ya know like
address I share your frustration I think
there's a fundamental because some of
the people who I think it's a very lazy
shorthand right and some of the people
who were doing it are friends of mine
and I don't want to like get into I've
lost enough friends in the last few
years you know and so but I think that
what happens is is to give some of them
credit one of the things I think that's
going on is they don't want to name
names either
right and so what they do is they just
use nevertrump as this catch-all thing
the problem is when you use nevertrump
as a catch-all it very quickly becomes a
straw man and so people and so like
people like you and me
you read what they say and you're like
well wait are they accusing me of this
BS you know I was like well I didn't I
haven't done this but since they're not
naming names and since so many you know
people on Twitter and elsewhere just
sort of refer to me or you or anybody
who's ever criticized Trump as never
Trump they leave it sufficiently
ambiguous that you feel like maybe
they're they're taking a shot at you
when maybe they don't have you in mind
maybe they do have jen rubin in mind and
so Part III I think in a lot of ways
it's a lot like the way neocon started
to get used in the first part of the
Bush administration where it it
distorted more than it revealed right
yeah it turned into you're either Jew or
Iraq war supporter right the new
definition or both bagel snarfing war
mangy and and and so ya know look I I it
is a it is a it is a frustrating thing
and what happens in what bothers me is
sort of as a as a writer is the way
people use it as as a way to score cheap
points with all-out pro Trump people by
speaking truth to power while at the in
reality they're speaking truth to a
label that they don't put any details
