hi everyone I'm Alicia Kraus once again
Sanz and Michael Knowles who's working
on his tan in Honolulu Hawaii follow him
on instagram if you want to be jealous
like moi but don't worry he will be back
next week for another episode of Friday
live first we have to start this week
and by some tragic news two different
celebrities this week first Kate Spade
the iconic fashion designer and I mean
brilliant talented woman ended her life
on Tuesday morning we all woke up to
that and then this morning we found out
the horrific news that Anthony Bourdain
a chef writer ingenious storyteller
whose death really I think affected so
many more Americans may not many more
than Kate Spade but may be had brought
her appeal or broader knowledge of
because he did shows for so many years
whether it was Discovery Channel Travel
Channel CNN to ended his life while he
was in the process of filming the 11th
season in Strasbourg France we have to
say Ben has written some really good
pieces on this a dear friend of mine
Bethenny Mandel shared her story in the
New York Post and to CNN yesterday about
how when her father committed suicide at
53 years old she was just 19 and a
freshman in college and how we can't
just think of the awfulness of someone
thinking that no one cares about them
that they have to end their life or that
they think that that is the best option
for them in that moment we cannot know
what they are thinking but that we also
need to think of the survivors both
Anthony Bourdain and Kate Spade have
left behind 13-year old daughters whose
lives are going to be forever affected
by this so my thoughts and prayers go
out to them and those poor girls who are
now going through life without a parent
that I'm sure that they wanted to be
there for their highs and their lows and
so much more so it's really sad in
addition to that of course Ben also
wrote a piece over a daily wire about
Charles Krauthammer who has not been
seen recently in the last few months and
he wrote a public letter an open letter
to his fans and his colleagues telling
everyone that his cancer has indeed
returned and doctor
think that he has only weeks to live so
it's been a really tough week in the
world of journalism and celebrity and I
just hope that at the very least it
causes Americans including all of us
here today to really understand the
impact and the importance that life is
and the beauty of human life and that it
should not be taken for granted so
prayers to Charles Krauthammer and his
family as well so last week I asked you
guys we talked about how Harvey
Weinstein had been indicted and arrested
he's now serving house arrest we're an
ankle monitor he gets to live it up
though in his mansion in Connecticut
with that ankle monitor he isn't sitting
in a prison cell right now rotting
unfortunately for his alleged abuse on
multiple women that the NYPD and the DA
they are now charging him for so we
asked you guys to send in your thoughts
on who would be the most shocking or the
least shocking celebrity to be a part of
this hashtag me too movement I said that
I would not be surprised by Tom Cruise
and I would be most surprised by Tom
Hanks a YouTube commenter Chris Sagan
said that she indeed agreed and that we
may be the only two women in America who
don't see Tom Cruise as a hottie I don't
get Tom Cruise as a hottie I don't think
any girl I know gets Tom Cruise as a
hottie who knows maybe just his ability
to jump out of buildings and you know be
in the mission impossible problems is
what made him maybe a hottie I don't
know Carlos Rodriguez says that he would
be floored if Mike Pence turns out to be
a creep
I totally would to by the way happy
belated birthday vice president Mike
Pence I think he had a birthday
yesterday I think that the people that
other people also agreed with me that
wood floor me the most would be Tom
Hanks Ben Shapiro
Mike the three least likely that that
would ever have any sexual assault or
harassment claims against them some
people actually said that they think
that they would be the most surprised or
the least surprised if it was Jimmy
Kimmel I found that interesting I don't
know that I would I don't know who knows
somebody says that they would be
surprised by Jackie Chan interesting
everybody is saying that you only need
to look at late night TV they say things
all the time and are never called out
for it so somebody said that Jay Leno
would probably surprise them also
interesting
our would-be Keanu Reeves and Tom Cruise
is definitely a creeper I've heard cool
things about Keanu Reeves I think that
he seems like a cool guy I don't know
maybe just John wick forever like
engraved him in my heart for me I mean a
decent looking man that can shoot a gun
well be still like please don't do
anything wrong so we'll have another
question right now we also have a
pull-up on Instagram that you guys
should go check out because the me2
movement was in the news in a big way
this week but not if you're a
conservative woman so go check out that
poll and I'm gonna be talking about it
in a second but first it came up because
Bill Clinton was on The Today Show and
the anchor over there actually kind of
pressed him and said hey given all this
me to stuff do you now regret the Monica
Lewinsky scandal and did you ever
apologize to her
Bill Clinton really got feisty and
pushed back saying well I apologized to
my family and I apologized to the world
and I apologized to America but admitted
that he did indeed not apologize to
Monica Lewinsky circle back two days
later he's now on with Stephen Colbert
and Colbert says well I'm gonna give you
another opportunity do you want to
apologize to Monica Lewinsky to which he
says that he stood by his answer even
though he was kind of embarrassed by his
answer and reiterated that he has in
fact apologized to the world and then
James Patterson his co-author goes on to
say well you know Bill Clinton is a
really good guy
and he's lived an entire life of trying
to help the American people and make the
world a better place - which of course
the left-leaning Stephen Colbert
audience saw the applause sign light up
and they all sit there like it's all
great and as if me too only matters to
everyone unless you're Bill Clinton
which leads me to apparently me too
matters unless you're a conservative
woman and if you're a liberal woman like
Samantha bee who claimed that she was
trying to bring the c-word back and no I
don't mean c is for cookie it's good
enough for me the other awful disgusting
derogatory word that men use typically
men used towards women in her apology be
said first of all she didn't even name
Ivanka she didn't name Ted Cruz and said
that she wasn't bothered by Ted Cruz
being offended by her use of the word
because she was trying to reclaim it for
women so men like Ted Cruz who by the
way no evidence that he has ever used
that awful word you know then he can't
use it it then she made some riff about
oh look now we have our sensory
advisers here and our attorneys here to
monitor me and see what I'm gonna do and
all this stuff and it was a load of crap
I mean it was a non-apology apology and
of course the left says it's fine
move on even though they didn't move on
to her show with less viewers and fewer
advertisers so that's an interesting
point anyway
we now come to celebrities in the news
once again it looks as if Kim Kardashian
did some influencing on president Trump
when she stopped at the White House to
ask him to commute the sentence of Alice
Johnson we you now know of her as the
nonviolent you know drug offender that
had been given a life in prison I
believe she served 21 or 22 years of
that prison term and I mean within hours
people were expecting it maybe it would
take a whole day but within hours of
President Trump commuting her sentence
she was almost instantly released from
prison and has been doing it media
interviews all week which is led kind of
to a continuation of the debate of well
what is going to happen and which
celebrity next is going to be going to
the White House and will president Trump
only be paying attention to these cases
or criminal justice reform if a
celebrity like a Kim Kardashian decides
to come to the White House and implore
him to look at these cases president
Trump did in fact say a day after he
commuted Alice Johnson that he's going
to be starting a fact-finding committee
that he wants to look into these types
of cases of nonviolent drug offenders
which is pretty different from his
speech even a month ago when he said
that he thought that all drug sellers
should get the death penalty
so that's TBD I actually think the poll
this week it's gonna be lots of fun
because we want to know from you guys
which celebrity do you think will be
going to the White House next I'm gonna
throw it out there
I'm thinking maybe Snoop Dogg or LL Cool
J could potentially go to the White
House to talk to President Trump
about well Snoop Dogg hello it's gonna
be pot reform right all right good
Caesar be like Hammer LL Cool J talking
about criminal justice reform like Kim
Kardashian did I think the least likely
sir Liberty like the last person on the
face of the plan that you would go visit
see visit a Trump White House would be
George Clooney I think a mall would not
be okay with that but we have some other
perspectives from people in the office
Jacob who would you guess Jersey Oh Gary
Sinise could go and like talk to
and Trump about Veterans Affairs mat
least likely come on guys Lisa
Vanderpump from vendor the Vanderpump
rules and Real Housewives of Beverly
Hills she would bring her little dog oh
I bet you should meet with Melania -
that's a good call emmeline marketing
says maybe Lisa Vanderpump I'm not a big
Radi show watcher but I do know of her
mainly because this well it's not called
the soup anymore the Joel McHale show on
Netflix thanks so be sure to Instagram
YouTube Facebook us which celebrity you
think will be the most likely to go to
the Trump White House and implore him to
do something good and decent or which
celebrity will be the least likely and
don't forget if you follow us on
Instagram you've seen our really cool
clever Instagram polling stories about
Father's Day why because on Tuesday the
guys are gonna be sitting down doing
another cigar and whiskey riddled round
table but not they're not covering the
State of the Union this time this time
they are talking about Father's Day and
Father's Hood fatherhood and I will be
there from the Ben Shapiro studio taking
live questions from the audience but
alas not from all of the audience only
from our subscribers so if you are not a
daily wire subscriber be sure to go
right now to daily we're calm and check
that out because you want to be able to
ask those guys questions and don't you
want to be able to ask Ben Shapiro
question in a couple weeks when they do
the conversation again of course you do
anyway I will see you guys next time
I will see you next Friday with Michael
Knowles we'll be back with an additional
jewelry piece on his left hand thank you
guys for watching I'll see you next time
you
