more women are running for office in the
midterms this year than ever before and
the boys in Congress are super excited
as one congressman put it quote Hot
Diggity Dog
fresh meat crack me a beer and bring him
on unquote men in Congress say the
pickings have been slim in the Capitol
these days and they're looking forward
to getting in some new talent after the
next election women who won't complain
about every little thing like being
chased around a desk now and then or
liven up an otherwise boring trip in an
elevator with a little massage as
Senator woke tea grotesque from New York
put it quote it's about time more women
held federal office especially the young
ones with those spiky heels they wear
the women in Congress now make a federal
case out of everything if you so much as
compliment them on their hair they start
screaming at you to take your hands off
their breasts but what kind of man would
grab a woman's breasts without
complimenting your hair first unquote in
a hyper divided political atmosphere the
large number of women running for office
is creating a refreshingly bipartisan
stir Republican and Democrat men alike
agree that this could change the way
elections are run in America hopefully
by adding a bikini competition trigger
warning I'm Andrew Clavin and this is
the Andrew Clavin show
all right what a terrible thing that was
to say it's the claim last weekend is
upon have to say I had a slight cold
this week and this week just went by in
a complete blur I mean I can't believe
it's already over today in the second
half of the show we have a terrific
interview with Selina Zito who wrote
this book the great revolt inside the
populist coalition reshaping American
politics politics I urge you to hang
around and listen we won't go off
Facebook and YouTube so you can watch it
or listen to it it really really was
interesting and there's so much it
implies so much so much of what she said
you can just think about for a long time
afterwards but the thing you really want
to know I know what you're really
thinking is how do you look so great and
here's the thing I use Beachbody on
demand and the reason is I'm traveling
constantly plus you know this is LA I'm
just not gonna go to the gym it's just
not happening and I'm constantly on a
plane and I'm constantly busy I'm cut
you want this thing on your iPhone and
Beachbody on demand
it's an easy-to-use streaming service
that gives you instant access to a wide
variety of super effective workouts you
can do from the comfort of your living
room 24 hours a day seven days a week
it's got a history of success it's the
company behind p90x insanity 21 day fix
all kinds of great systems it's got best
the best trainers like Shaun T chalene
johnson tony horton it's got really good
programs hundreds of effective workouts
for all fitness levels including
bodybuilding weight training cardio yoga
even dance workouts you really want to
try the service because you can do it
anywhere anytime and right now my
listeners can get a special free trial
membership when you text andrew to
thirty thirty thirty three oh three oh
three oh you will get full access to
this entire platform for free all the
workouts the nutrition information and
support totally free again just text
andrew
to 30 30 30 you know they say that truth
is the first casualty of war but it is
also the first cat first casualty of
politics and the way we talk to each
other and the way television encourages
us to talk to each other obscures the
very simple truth it's sometimes right
in front of our face you know I about
I've talked about this before the way
the left especially loves to put
everything in extreme terms if I mean if
I said to you you know there are male
traits and female traits men usually
have more male traits women usually have
more female traits and it's
uncomfortable if you're a man with more
female traits that makes it maybe you
get bullied it's not very comfortable if
I say that to everybody everybody left
and right would go well yeah that's true
that is something maybe we could think
about a little more but if I say to you
some women have penises get used to it
and that means that the guy in
Washington has a right to tell you in
Arkansas who's gonna use the bathroom in
your daughter's elementary school
suddenly you've got a fight on your
hands but also you get on TV that will
get you on TV so this truth is simple we
probably most of us agree on it and the
way they put it two terms they put it in
that makes it almost impossible to
understand that simple truth and the
same thing is happening with the
corruption that's coming out the story
of corruption that's coming out about
the Obama administration I mean you know
you talk about how Donald Trump is
erasing Ohama aramas legacy what's his
name I can't remember because his legacy
is kind of on the ash heap of history
but but you know there's all this talk
about Donald Trump is erasing his legacy
but his legacy is this massive
corruption and twisting of our
institutions for political reasons and
that story is getting obscured by the
political fight we're in a political
fight right the political fight is this
Muller is it has been appointed
I think wrongly I said from the very
beginning I thought it was wrong but
he's investigating this story about
Russian collusion so my as far as I'm
concerned if he finds that Donald Trump
and Vladimir Putin were on the phone
together and Donald was saying Vlad
listen could you do me a favor could you
knock off this Hillary gun is a yes
Donald they do this 240 oh yes sir
if he comes up with that fine anything
else go away you know that's what you
were appointed to find out if that
didn't happen shut the thing down and it
obviously didn't happen but now we're
getting into all these arguments was
there a spy and you know and they sent
this this professor to get information
and then trey gowdy who has been a
really good warrior for the truth he's
who always seems to be like a really
honest guy he came out and said no you
know I've had briefings these classified
briefings and there was no spy so Donald
Trump is wrong and that's the headline
in The New York Times today New York
Times Donald Trump is wrong there was no
spike it's not Paul Ryan's said it too
but listen to what let's listen to what
Paul Ryan actually said about this now
remember these guys the Justice
Department has been stonewalling on
turning over their documents they keep
getting subpoenaed they won't hand over
the documents but they gave him a
classified briefing so neither Ryan nor
Gaudi have seen the documents that would
tell us whether there was spying going
on or what happened but Ryan has this
careful thing that he says after meeting
with the feds I think chairman gaudi's
initial assessment is accurate I think
but but we have some more digging to do
we're waiting for some more document
requests we have some more documents to
review we still have someone answer
questions it would have been helpful if
we got this information earlier as
chairman nudist said just the other day
if we got all the information we're
looking for we could wrap this up faster
but I have seen no evidence to the
contrary of the initial assessment that
chairman Gowdy has made but I want to
make sure that we run every lead down
and make sure we get final answers to
these questions so the New York Times a
former newspaper has this you know
essentially propaganda on its front page
or that that Republicans are abandoning
Donald Trump the question isn't whether
we can call these guys spies or not
that's not the question the question is
did Obama run a morally compromised
Justice Department that overreacted to
Trump's election because it was going to
be exposed and I think it is obvious
that this is true I mean I think that
that is now obvious all that all the
super heated rhetoric which was is
Donald Trump in a political fight with
his political opponents all of that that
has nothing to do with it has to
it is the Obama's legacy it's now clear
is a twisting of at least the Justice
Department in such a way that they
panicked when somebody else got elected
who might expose it James Comey himself
J this is the thing
almost everything James Comey did he
excused by saying he couldn't trust
Loretta Lynch she was meeting with Bill
Clinton so he had to come out and go
public about his investigation and now
we've got the second-in-command who
later became for a brief period the head
of the FBI Andrew McCabe and he's trying
to cut community deal.we or he says he's
going to have to plead the fifth
amendment okay so this is like there's
like we've now got the FBI and the
Justice Department holed up in a log
cabin in the woods with the police
surrounding going come out now our guard
well never come out coppers we're gonna
kill you you were gonna shoot our way
out yeah we've got all the guys were
supposed to up all the law are looking
for an immunity deal so they don't have
to plead the fifth here's what here's
what's happening we've got this
Inspector General report coming out and
then it's all the Inspector General
report is about is it about the Clinton
email investigation and how it was run
so it's not gonna come out and expose
everything about everything
but the stuff that's leaking out really
does seem to be you know pretty damning
and one thing it has already said has
already come out that McCabe lied about
under oath to Congress about whether he
leaked material to the Wall Street
Journal okay so now this has been a
criminal referral so McCabe is up for
criminal is up to be criminally charged
he could be criminally charged so what
McCabe is saying is I think it's Chuck
Grassley wants to hold the hearing on
these on the Clinton investigation and
McCabe is saying I will testify at this
hearing but you have to give me what's
called u s-- immunity which means
nothing I say in this in this testimony
can be used in the in if any criminal
charges come up against me for lying to
Congress before and the thing about use
immunity is that you know once you say
these things any evidence they get you
can say well I trace that back to what I
said so you can't use it so it's really
in effect it could be real immunity but
anyway this is what he's asking for but
which just shows you I mean it shows you
that these guys knew they did wrong they
knew that they were over and this
remember you know comb mccabe is the guy
that Comey said he was a stand-up guy
because he stood up during commis firing
Komi is apparently also mentioned in the
IG report as having acted in subordinate
lis which is a big big charge by the way
that is a serious serious business in
this bill in this law business so so
he's the other one who's being charged
so we see a an FBI a Justice Department
that had been twisted it had been
twisted for political purposes and it
sounds like this IG report which keeps
getting delayed and delayed and delayed
sounds like a big old train coming down
the track that's gonna expose a lot of
this and it just you know I think we
should all be able to agree I think the
press should be honest and agree that
this is bringing out stuff about the
Obama administration that they did not
have the intellectual curiosity to
report on and that's the simple truth
it's not spy versus spy it's not Trump
said this but oh it's this it's you guys
you guys did not report on what was
happening in this administration here is
something I am genuinely excited about
legacy box I know I do this all the time
I take home movies I take pictures I got
all this stuff on my computer I never
save it right I never save it and then
my computer breaks or there's no backup
and I lose stuff you know I lose Mike my
grandson I lose my my kids birthday
parties it's all gone with legacy box
that is not going to happen and then
they're gonna send me one I'm gonna do
this I'm really excited about it you
just take your your movies your home
movies your pictures and that give it to
them and they will do the rest they will
digitize your memories onto a thumb
drive or the cloud or a DVD and it's
like magic you've got them all there's
never been a better time to digitally
preserve your old home movies film reels
and photos here's what you do visit
legacy box.com today to get started and
for a limited time they're offering my
listeners a huge exclusive discount
that's why you GE exclusive discount go
to legacy box.com
slash Clavin to get 40% off your first
order with this exclusive deal legacy
box starts at just $45 or save up to
$200 on the large legacy box kit go to
legacy box.com slash Clavin and save 40%
today that's legacy box.com slash Clavin
and I know what you're wondering
how do you spell Clavin
that is from listener Dave Ali and it is
hilarious is really well-written I got
funny Thank You Dave that was a definite
addition to the show I love it now that
was just what I was talking about in
terms of the corruption in the Obama
administration that is that is Obama's
legacy this is his legacy is what he did
to our institutions that's just the
Justice Department we've also got state
and Treasury okay here when they were
trying and this anything to get this
Iran deal into place man when they were
trying to sell the Iran deal to Congress
the Obama administration assured
lawmakers that Iran would not have
access to the US financial system right
because everybody wants to trade in
dollars everybody wants to trade with us
because we have a relatively honest a
financial system and a powerful one one
that everybody saps our currency here
our treasury officials including the
head of the Treasury Department
testifying before Congress telling
Congress that Iran could not access our
financial system exceptions Iran will
continue to be denied access to the
world's largest market and we will
maintain powerful sanctions targeting
Iran's support for terrorist groups Iran
will be denied access to the world's
most important market and unable to deal
in the world's most important currency
that's a compilation from Fox News the
to two major Treasury guys basically
saying that Iran is locked out so we
don't have to worry about this meanwhile
a report by the Senate permanent
Subcommittee
investigations run by senator rob
portman revealed that under President
Obama the Treasury Department issued a
license in to 2016 this has never been
disclosed before they did it behind the
scenes that would have allowed Iran to
convert money in our banking system
Portman describes it you have to listen
closely it's a complicated deal but
listen to what he says he had five point
eight billion dollars it was in a bank
in Oman called the Bank of Muscat and
they wanted to convert that into Euros
ultimately through dollars since they
had a dollar denominated currency was
better to do through dollars and so they
asked they asked the Treasury Department
if they can get the ability to do that
and sure enough the Treasury Department
granted them a license to do it now
what's interesting is they went to the
two big US banks that would be the
appropriate banks to do this both banks
said no we want nothing to do with this
this is this is wrong in other words the
reputational risk and the legal risk was
too high so ultimately the dollars were
not provided to be able to convert that
currency and over time they converted it
to euros as we understand it in small
amounts in Europe much less efficiently
but the point is at that time the
administration was saying we're not
allowing US financial system to be used
we're not allowing the dollar tub use
we're keeping all of our sanctions in
place only the secondary sanctions on
others are allowing the Iranians have
access to when in fact they were
granting this license so it's just wrong
the amazing thing about this I mean the
amazing part of the story so our Iran
wanted to trade it's money you want to
trade its money in for American dollars
that it could use and what's amazing is
the Obama administration secretly while
lying to Congress about it said yeah go
ahead and do that you can go ahead we
give you a license to do that the banks
looked at this the bank's right the most
practical people in America looked at
this and said yeah that's wrong we're
not gonna do that do it they didn't do
it but the Obama administration lied
about it I mean this is it meanwhile by
the way John Kerry Secretary of State
was traveling around Europe saying that
people hate you you know you can trade
with you can trade with Iran it's okay
he was basically telling them to bait
bust the sanctions I mean and this is
remember to the chief funder of
terrorism throughout the world certainly
throughout the region and this is a
rogue state that they thought they had
this
when another one of Obama's academic
theories that if they were nice to Iran
they would join the community of nations
well baloney I mean they've already
started their nuclear program showing
that it was already underway I mean all
they're doing is publicizing it so this
is an image of a lawless administration
and we can argue Oh Trump said spy was
it really a spy we can argue when the
investigation started we can argue where
the violations were but the Obama
administration clearly acted this
honestly throughout its entire its
entire upper echelon in all its major
departments was corrupt and was acting
but behind the scenes and lying to us
about what they were doing and the press
failed to report it and it's the fact
that they have not made that good they
have not taken responsibility I mean now
they're saying oh we're being really
hard on Bill Clinton about you know
about his sexual escapades you know now
when it's not when no power is on the
line but with Obama they still have not
looked in the mirror and said for eight
years we let this happen we let it
happen because he was a black guy we let
it happen because he was a leftist guy
we let it happen because we loved him
and we didn't want to tell the truth
about him and now when Trump says fake
news we argue well this isn't fake news
or that's not fake news but it's all
fake news because they let us down and
if you don't if you want to see how bad
how bad the presses are taking
responsibility for yourself you've got
to look at this thing about Melania I
mean this is one this it's almost I mean
it is hilarious it would you know but it
would be a lot funnier if it weren't so
ugly but it is it's funny anyway Melania
Trump has a kidney operation right and
for three weeks
she's probably resting up she doesn't
appear on TV so yesterday she shows up
in a meeting and here's a little snippet
Trump says hello well I'd like to sort
of maybe say and pay some respects to
some of the people here today I have a
list of course we have to start with our
great first lady Milania Milania
a little rough patch but she's doing
great and we're very proud of it she's
done a fantastic job as first lady the
people love you people of our country
love you so thank you honey and she
looks great and you know there was some
speculation that she'd had some kind of
secret plastic surgery or something they
were talking about that on NPR I think
and she obviously didn't after three
weeks she would not look like that now
in her absence right three weeks ago by
CNN had 24 stories 24 stories
speculating on this I'm gonna play a
montage from our friends at News
Buster's love that site love news
busters and the media research guys but
but I want you to listen to the language
I talk about this a lot as passive
language it fuels speculation there's
been a lot of speculation it may you
know it sentences without subjects and
speculation is sparked it sparked
speculation instead of saying we have
been speculating we are speculating we
haven't seen her so we are speculating
here they are it seems like all she
really needs to do is just step outside
of the White House just show her face to
prove that she's fine to prove that
everything's as she says it is she
addressed this she kind of blamed the
media a bit she said that the media was
working overtime speculating about where
I am and what I'm doing
rest assured is that I'm here at the
White House with my family feeling great
and working hard on behalf of the
American people did that tweet from the
first lady put an end to the mystery for
you or did it spark more speculation no
it didn't it sparked a lot more
speculation because if she's feeling
great a lot of people are saying well
then why aren't you accompanying your
husband to write Camp David
instead she gives off this tweet which
doesn't sound like Melania at all it
actually sounds more like her husband
she jabbed at the media a little bit
that's not something Melania usually
does and so instead of ending the
speculation and putting out the fire it
just kind of fanned the flames at First
Lady Melania Trump has not been seen in
public for weeks not since she had a
kidney procedure we're told she will be
at a White House event tonight but we
won't see her in the event is closed to
the press it sparked speculation not I'm
speculating about this that's and that
was relatively responsible listen to
this tweet from here is a street from a
Rolling Stones senior writer
neil smith i wish that i didn't suspect
that the prolonged poorly explained
public absence of Melania Trump could be
about concealing abuse I wish that it
was a ludicrous prospect I wish that the
POTUS wasn't a man with a history of
abusing women including those to whom he
is married which by the way is rumor and
hearsay I came up one time in a divorce
it was later taken my salon writer Bob
Seska this is guy writes for salon right
given bifs behavior referencing the
bully from Back to the Future right
given bifs behavior past and present
it's not out of line to imagine the
worst about milania's disappearance
machine something's definitely wrong
could be a marriage thing could be a
cosmetic surgery thing could be an abuse
thing you know absent a valid
explanation speculation runs amok oh
yeah I saw their go speculation it's not
me speculating there go expecting it's
running amok somebody get a hold of that
speculation here it this is the worst
Atlantic senior editor David Frum okay
this is good tweet suppose president
Trump punched the first lady in the
White House federal property under
federal jurisdiction then ordered the
Secret Service to conceal the assault
POTUS has Article two authority over
Secret Service is that obstruction under
Sec loadout apparently no he's
speculated this is all speculation okay
okay so these guys have to base
themselves it's not speculation running
amok it's them running amuck speculating
they've to base themselves they've to
base the the profession of journalism
now Trump shows up and who can blame the
guy he's furious right and he tweets the
fake news media has been so unfair and
vicious to my wife in our great first
lady Melania during her recovery from
surgery they reported everything from
near death to facelift to she left the
White House and me for New York or
Virginia to abuse all fake she was doing
really well so wait so so how does the
New York Times report that and they've
since changed that because people were
making fun of here's the New York Times
a former newspaper how they reported
Trump's tweet Trump defends Melania
Trump and spreads conspiracies about her
in the press in other words by reporting
on the press's conspiracy theories its
Trump's fault
it's what brian Stelter comes out and
says Trump is conflating random
Twitter commentators with the media it
was him what's him in doing it
it is unbelievable it is immediate
without responsibility and media that it
cannot see itself and will not take
responsibility for itself and I just
think I also think it's a it's a
wonderful we should report the miracle
that Melania has come back to life after
Trump killed her I mean I think that's
that is an amazing thing all right you
need software advice here's where you go
go to software advice I mean this is the
thing I do this all the time
attempt sometimes takes me a long time
to think about what I can actually do
with the computer all the different
things I could do if I had a place to
call especially in my work and say what
kind of software should I get it would
be great and software advices exactly
that plus it doesn't cost you anything
software advice has done all the
research for you their team of advisers
can point you in the right direction so
you can start working more effectively
right away talking to an advisor takes
just 10 minutes or less and whether
you're a medical professional
construction manager and HR pro you name
it software advice will save you time
and help you make a more informed
decision about what software you need to
do your work these experts are ready to
be your on-call go-to team and it is
free in the software struggle today go
to software advice.com slash Clavin to
get started that's software advice.com
slash Clavin to an to connect with an
advisor for free and even though it's
free please use the name so they know we
sent you software advice.com slash
Clavin how do we spell that we got to
play that thing again how do you spell
play it again go ahead
I couldn't help but I'm sorry there's
David Lee thanks day that's really funny
more great news for our podcast
listeners hey listen before I go into
this we've got a great interview with
Selina Zito coming up we're gonna stay
on Facebook and YouTube so you can
listen to it but you should subscribe
anyway don't be so cheap it's allows you
ten bucks a month or a hundred bucks for
the entire year but listen to this
interview it really is great but more
great news for our podcast listeners the
Andrew Clavin show along with our other
daily wire podcast is now available on
Amazon Alexa and the Google home device
with a simple voice command you can play
the melodious tones of my voice all
while you fold the laundry or do the
other disgusting chores that you have to
do while you're listening to our show
even listening to our show may be one of
them but you have to activate the show
first what you do is you go with Alexa
you have to enable the skill like adding
an app you say Alexa enable the Andrew
Clavin show skill and she'll say no no
don't make me do it you say yes
available and repent then you can tell
her to play or open by saying Alexa play
the Andrew Clavin show Google doesn't
need to be added by a user but you have
to speak very clearly for her to
understand just say a command like okay
google talk to the Andrew Clavin show or
speak to the Andrew Clavin show and it
will play now your device should be able
to play my podcast to the delight of you
your small children your pets and even
the insects in your bathroom if you need
to review these directions check out the
pin posts on daily wire Twitter and
daily wire Facebook and while you're
doing this this will make it eat all the
easier can they also listen to the
Father's Day special who knows we know
but you can listen to it here get ready
we've got a special treat for our
audience in honor of Father's Day this
is on Tuesday June
at 7:00 p.m. Eastern the god-king of the
daily wire himself
Jeremy boring will come down from the
mountain lightning bolts in hand and
will host a roundtable discussion with
Ben Shapiro me and Michael Knowles and
we'll discuss what fatherhood means why
fathers matter and how fatherhood will
stand up to an increasingly anti-male
culture subscribers will even be able to
write in live questions for us at daily
wire.com that's this Tuesday June 12th
at 7 p.m. Eastern 4 p.m. Pacific you can
find our special live stream on Facebook
and YouTube do not miss it alright let
us get to this terrific interview Selena
Zito is the co-author with Brad Todd of
the great revolt inside the populist
coalition reshaping American politics
which attempts to explain if Donald
Trump's election was a fluke or whether
it represented a fundamental shift in
the electorate she's also a reporter and
columnist for the Washington Examiner a
CNN contributor and an award-winning
columnist for the New York Post she won
the award the day before the day we did
this interview listen up great interview
with Selina Zito Selina Zito thank you
so much for coming on thank you so much
for having me and congratulations on
winning the New York State Associated
Press award for your columns in the New
York Post that's great that was that was
quite an honor and for someone who lives
in Pittsburgh it was really even doubly
an honor so so let's talk about the
great revolt inside the populist
coalition reshaping American politics
let's start with this what why did
everybody get this so wrong why did the
press get Trump's victory so wrong well
I think it happened for a couple of
reasons first of all I think what gave
me the advantage in understanding why it
was could happen was because of my
geography I don't live in New York I
don't live in Washington and when I
cover national politics my base but you
know but my base camp is Pittsburgh and
so I have you know geography at my in my
hand as a tool because you know I can
you know be able to talk to the people
in the air
is where they live who were going to
make the difference so we're talking
about Pennsylvania Ohio Michigan
Wisconsin you know all of those sort of
instrumental areas and when you live
here you understand the people better
you know it when you live outside the
beltway I know we don't like to say that
things are different but they are it's a
different pace it's a different way in
way of life it's it's having different
values and so I was able to understand a
change was coming probably because I
these this is where I live and and the
other thing is is how I approach
reporting
I don't fly somewhere I don't parachute
in if I'm going to cover a town or a
region or even a rally I always take a
back road I never take a Turnpike either
there are an interstate and I usually
stay in a town for a couple of days and
and staying a bed-and-breakfast so the
first person I meet is a small small you
know business person so that gives me a
different sort of perspective than
parachuting in see you know sometimes I
think when you parachute in and sort of
dulls your instincts because you're on
such a limited time you tend to go
through the shiny object instead of what
is the regular or what is the norm yeah
you know I I could do an entire
interview with you about what what you
just said and what it says about our
journalistic community but I do want to
move on because I think you're pointing
to everything in a way that's wrong with
our journalism in the country but what
you saw I mean what what basically
everybody was looking at they were
looking at Trump they were looking at
all his flaws and all his techniques and
all this but what you saw was you saw a
realignment a political realignment on
the ground can you describe what that
realignment was yeah so you you hit the
nail on the head this this election was
not about Donald Trump and that's what
most journalists in most academics and
most pundits were focusing on he was
just sort of the result of it but he
wasn't the cause of it this has been
going on since 2006 I've been warning
that the potential existed since those
first midterm election
in 2006 when the Democrats won because
they won by running moderate the
Democrats pro-life pro-gun for the most
part who were really in touch with their
community and I said I remember writing
at the time if we do this back and forth
you know we're gonna have a party last
election in ten years that was off by a
year so it wasn't bad uh and and that's
exactly what happened
we we swung in 2006 to the Democrats but
people thought it's because people like
Democrats more no they like the more
they just like Republicans less same in
2010 in those midterms where we swap I'm
back and we voted in the Republicans and
then swung some more in 2014 and in
between those great big wave elections
two important things happen we had a
huge recession and we also had a
technological sort of Industrial
Revolution those are all indicators that
if something is is gut a miss something
is up ending the electorate there is an
instability and and you just sort of
counter that with seeing that the people
that make all the decisions in our
culture I'm not just talking about
government almost we're talking about
sports and the Hollywood and you know
even the large political parties in
government they had sort of lost touch
with the people that they serve and/or
who buy their goods and because of that
you know this sort of populism against
all things big which which that is the
modern definition of populism you know a
a a healthy skepticism against all
things big and so all of those forces
were realigning these parties every
every couple of years but nobody was
really watching that because it was so
incremental I mean take Pennsylvania in
particular between 1996
in 2016 or 2012 I should say
Pennsylvania became point for more
Republican every four years in every
four presidential races so Bill Clinton
won 28 counties in 1996 Barack Obama he
won 13 you know but nobody paid
attention to this this this thing that
was happening but but I did cuz well you
know because I live here and and I
listen to people and and so that's kind
of why I understood that the potential
for this to happen was has been right in
front of our eyes we just haven't
listened to it and I think part of the
problem with journalism is is that you
like big companies and like big
Hollywood they're their newsrooms aren't
diverse and I'm not just talking about
ethnically I'm also talking about you
don't have a lot of people in newsroom
that came from a blue-collar town or
went to a state school or it goes sits
in a church every Sunday or sit circle
synagogue every Friday or owns a gun yo
or is pro-life
so that lack of diversity makes it up
makes it hard for people understand
things that aren't the same as their
values no there's no question about this
it's just it is absolute and and then
they don't understand even understand
that they're biased because there's
nobody sitting at the desk next to them
to say that you're biased so they're all
just confirming what they think you know
everything in our society the other day
John Boehner was asked about the
Republican Party and he said something
to the effect of the Republican Party is
gone it's taking a nap what we've got is
the Trump party and I thought well is
the Republican Party taking a nap or is
it being transformed is it being changed
to meet this this new coalition that
you're talking about if you could
describe philosophically for a moment
you're talking about cultural things
you're talking about a cultural sense of
things but is there a platform that this
new coalition wants well it's trust me
this new coalition like anytime parties
realign is is messy you know because the
the Republican Party has has been
I'm more of a populist party so things
like entitlement reform aren't at the
top of the sort of the wish list as it
was when it was more Paul Ryan's party
or Mitt Romney's party and and they've
been inherited the a lot of broadly
different voters who are conservative
but aren't necessary Republican so
there's going to be some growing pains
the the voter that that the Republican
Party may shed would be the affluent
suburban voter I'm not convinced of that
because they're getting a lot of what
they they want anyways despite not
particularly caring for Trump but they
but you know that's probably they're
they're sort of weakest voter out of all
the archetypes that are there outlined
in the great revolt which by the way
those archetypes are also confirmed with
doing a poll after I did all my
reporting so it wasn't just you know oh
I find these voters and this is what I
think it began with that but we Brad and
I believed that it was important to back
up our reporting with a extensive survey
to make sure that what we found was
indeed true across the board you know
you talk about these archetypes you talk
about the silent suburban mom and King
Cyrus Christians all this and I I what I
want to ask is the the press is
repeatedly continually making this all
about race how much do you think it was
about race I think race plays a part in
both parties in a small percentage of a
way I I don't think it's a determining
factor
I mean if you look at it several the
architects know in our in the great
revolt
there are several families who have you
know adopted minority children and and
are very insulted by by people referring
them to as racist you know III rarely
find that that is the case with a voter
I would say you know maybe two percent
I would argue that's about the same in
the Democratic Party too you know but
the problem is is that that's sexy right
or that's that stops a conversation well
people don't want to address the fact
that parties both parties have lost
these voters they just say oh it's
because they're down in their races and
because they don't want the conversation
to go any further because they don't
want to they don't want to think about
possibly their contribution into the
failures of holding these voters right
right what is a king Cyrus Christian
those those are I found all the
archetypes fascinating but the King
Cyrus Christians are up on my top like
my top I guess top three so King Cyrus
Christians are evangelical Catholic
voters who for years and years and years
you know Chamber of Commerce type
moderate fiscal Republicans of them
complaining about after every time
primary and saying you know the throw up
your hands and they say oh goodness
sakes can't they just vote more
pragmatically why do they have to always
go with the most religious you know
candidate and then we won't win so this
time they decided to be pragmatic heroes
tony perkins said and the lead-up to the
election
it's not about shared values it's about
shared priorities and these voters
decided that religious liberty was more
important to them than him having
sharing the same values as they did and
i saw this early on in iowa where you
know we talked to voters in it and and
you know the electorate in Iowa
Republican caucus is like a hundred
percent evangelical and they would say
well you know like Ben Carson you know
cuz he's just like me or like Ted Cruz
because he shares our values but that
Donald Trump she's a fighter
she would go to the mattresses for us he
would take on the system he would take
on Hillary Clinton and while they didn't
pick him he came in a darn close second
and it was my it was my moment where I
said oh this is over he's gonna win the
nomination wow you know you don't have
to tell you what what one of the things
I've always noticed having traveled a
lot around the country is how much more
sensible and nuanced what you might call
ordinary
people are then pundits and and
politicians I mean it is amazing how
pundits and politicians make everything
black and white but go in and talk to a
guy who works in a drugstore or a gas
station and he will tell you things like
that which make perfect sense I said I
understand he's not a Christian but he
supports and will defend my religious
liberties makes perfect sense let me ask
you this you're looking ahead at the
midterms and and maybe 2020 what do you
see well I see the Trump coalition is
completely intact there's there's very
few people that I have encountered that
have have fallen away from him
they might look then they probably 70%
of who don't like his compartment but
they like the results and they never
thought they were never voting for his
compartment
they were never voting for for his
tweets or you know his his scandalous
background like they are in very knew
who this guy was
they had already made that assessment
but I also it's really interesting to me
that I found people who didn't vote for
him but are sitting by the way you know
he has been treated and or he has been
covered that they're willing to throw in
for him but in 2000 in terms of the
midterms I have been saying since the
very beginning I am not convinced that
the Democrats are our part are having a
blue wave mostly because I'm not quite
convinced that they will make all the
right decisions in primary races you
know their tendency to go the the
grassroots level which is what who
usually shows up in a primary tends to
be more left just as in what the
Republicans tends to be more right and
they they've been picking the more
liberal more progressive candidates so
far now California the d-triple-c spent
a ton of money and and they got the
candidates they wanted making it harder
for Republicans to hold those seats in
California but again I'm not convinced
because we aren't really measuring
Republicans and independents yet you
know there is their excitement level
hasn't shown up because it's
overshadowed by Democrats because of
course they're more excited they lost
yeah yeah Selena really interesting I
just think it's it you know your your
rebuke to the journalistic community and
congratulations again on your award I
hope you'll come back and talk again way
as the midterms come closer
oh thank you so much thanks for having
me on it's been a pleasure thanks a lot
so basically she says that she's got
things right because she actually went
out and did some reporting there's so
much in that interview that I'd like to
talk about I'm out of time now but
really really fascinating stuff and good
for her
for getting out of the house and just
finding out what America thinks and not
looking down on them and telling them
what they should be thinking instead of
asking them what they think stuff I like
that's great Norman young and Anthony
Leonardi the people who listen to the
show are more talented than we are you
know like they should be here we should
be Leslie really great stuff you know I
know I've mentioned this but I don't
think I put it on stuff I like red
Sparrow is a novel by Jason Matthews a
spy novel that was made into a nude
scene with Jennifer Lawrence with a
movie wrapped around it and when I went
to see the movie I went to I really went
to see the movie cuz I wanted to see the
the nakedness stuff and and it is an
exploitative movie I mean it is like
just they they just thought they could
push the sexes and people would go and
see it but but I as I was watching the
movie I thought the plot is really good
so I read the book and if you like spy
novels this is a top-notch spy novel I
wouldn't put it at the very top where I
put John Locke or a but anything that is
below that that you read for
entertainment and you the guy Jason
Matthews is a former CIA agent and it is
filled with incredibly realistic spy
craft and the the terminology is so
realistic and he writes the lead
character who is kind of a Supergirl but
he still writes her as a woman and she
comes across as a very very realistic
woman in one the Edgar Award for which I
have won a couple of times and the I TW
thriller award which I've only been
nominated for but they won both of those
and as part of a trilogy which I'll also
read I really
hi Lee also before we go into the Clavin
this weekend before I desert you in this
Clavin this weekend we're gonna play a
little cut of Jesse Belvin you know
people don't know about Jesse Belden he
died at 27 he was on his way he was he's
a black guy he was on his way to the
first concert in Little Rock Arkansas in
his 1960 with an integrated audience and
he was hitting a head-on collision and
and people thought maybe because there
are a lot of protests and anger and
people thought maybe he was murdered but
the fact the guy just fell asleep his
driver just fell asleep at the wheel
which he had done before but he was he
co-wrote the song earth angel I don't
know if the earth angel everything you
know yet to yet to sue to get credit on
and this is his biggest hit and I love
this song I mean this is such a sweet
song the the arrangements a little
old-fashioned but if you listen to his
voice he was really really good the way
he hits the notes just off the timing is
really exciting and interesting I think
he would have gone on to do great things
Jesse Belvin we will say goodbye with
that Lee Clavin this weekend is upon you
survivors gather here on Monday I'll be
here I'm Andrew Clavin and this is the
Andrew Clavin show goodnight my love
pleasant dreams and sleep tight my love
may to morrow beautiful Salander
and bring you closer to me you go
there's just one thing I'd like to know
is your love
still warm
ah has it gone
the Andrew Clavin show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover and our technical producer is
Austin Stevens edited by Emily J audio
is mixed by Mike Carmina hair and makeup
is by Joshua alvera the Andrew Klavan
show is a daily wire for word publishing
production copyright for word publishing
