this is amazing so they're very clearly
regulating speech and they go before the
Supreme Court and this it's a seven to
two decision that lets Phillips off the
hook but it's really narrow I mean what
what exactly did they say what what's
the decision yes and although this was
heavily litigated by Twitter yesterday
to say what is the narrow decision mean
when it's - yeah the opinion was narrow
the vote was not and so in legal speak
what it means is basically the court
punted the court said we don't want to
get into this because it was perfect
facts to show this this person Jack
Phillips he had absolutely no BA is
there animus against his customers he
had a track record of declining other
types of cakes that he disagreed with
their message
I mean his logo even has an artist
palette and he clearly understands his
cakes to be speech and yet the court
said we are going to very very narrowly
meaning we're only going to take a
fact-based opinion and say just because
the Commission treated Jack with such
open hostility comparing him to the
Holocaust which was terrible but they
said just based on the facts we're going
to overturn this hand Jack the win by a
margin but we're not gonna get any
guidance or any clarifying principle for
future artists I mean how do we know how
the florists in Washington how the
videographers how the t-shirt makers how
other creative professionals what are
they supposed to do now with this
opinion this gave no guidance to other
courts how to interpret other artistic
professionals who may not want to
participate in these types of religious
ceremonies
