the Democrats the Democrats the
Democrats are descending into farce you
know a farce a farce is a comedy marked
by buffoonery and crude ludicrously
impossible events and that's also the
definition of the Democratic Party at
this point I mean one of the good things
about traveling when I travel I get to
see more left-wing media you know I'm in
bars and hotel lobbies and their place
CNN because nobody would watch CNN if
they didn't play it in public places and
on the elliptical machine in the gym
I'll watch I'll go switch back and forth
between Fox and MSNBC and you get to see
a party the left completely sinking into
there now a parody of themselves they're
a comedy show there it's the Democrat
comedy show because because they've got
a problem these they live in a mannequin
universe you know manage manage shiism
was that philosophy that had a some
effect on Christianity until they
declared it a heresy it had the it's
basically that there's two forces in the
world the force of light and good and
the force of darkness and evil and
they're always battling together and
because they think of politics that way
instead of just a series of policy
discussions on how to solve problems
they think that everybody on the other
side must be evil in their forms of evil
or racism sexism homophobia but the
point is evil that's what it comes down
to and so now you've got it you've got
Donald Trump who is just exemplifies
this because he won't apologize
he won't tiptoe around things he is he
is brash and rude and crude sometimes
