in your view what do you think should
change in our society to stop the mass
shootings that have been going on soft
and McMahon so many things you know I do
I don't think the idea of I before the
idea of arming teachers training some
teachers have even higher security all
these shootings take place in in
gun-free zones they almost all take
place in country zones so I'm definitely
in favor of that but we have a larger
problem in this country and I don't have
a solution for it but I think it's the
thing we need to start talking about is
how we treat the mentally ill in the 80s
we closed all the asylums we made it
almost impossible to force people to get
treatment the idea was going to be that
we were just drugged everybody now we
had these wonderful drugs and they were
going to solve all the problem problem
is people stop taking the drugs I don't
blame them I also think the drugs are
over prescribed I think we've got a a to
really have an about how we deal with
people who cannot handle themselves they
shouldn't be living on the streets where
they're a danger to themselves and
others
they shouldn't be in school where
they're gonna go and you know and and
maybe kill people I would like to see
the press stop covering these stories in
terms of who did them I would like to
see them deny celebrity best by by their
own acclamation by their own decision
I'd like to send a nice celebrity to the
Dewar's and I would like to see more
secure schools I don't see any problem
with that
