before we get going I wanted to mention
the Western conservative summit is June
8 next week
the Colorado Convention Center in Denver
I'm going to be speaking on on June 8th
and so I hope to see you there it is the
the Western conservative summit is the
largest gathering of conservatives that
happens every year outside of DC which
is a big bonus because as someone who
goes to DC on a regular basis I can tell
you that if you could spend your whole
life and never enter that cursed City
you will be doing something right so it
should be a should be a good time and
hope to see there let's talk about free
speech free speech is one of the most
overused misused misunderstood phrases
and concepts in American society today
everybody claims to be in favor of free
speech everyone tends to make everything
into a free speech issue everyone is
always saying that their own free speech
rights are being infringed upon and
while we are constantly talking about
free speech I think in the vast majority
of cases and with the vast majority of
controversies that we argue about they
really have nothing at all to do with
free speech I I think 95 percent of the
time probably that's a conservative
estimate when somebody says this is
about free speech it actually is not
about free speech at all it that's most
of the time I think this is particularly
relevant to discuss today the reason
it's on my mind today is because this
has been a a week which has featured a
blizzard of phony free speech claims
let's start with of course Roseanne we
don't have to go through that whole
thing again but she said what she said
about Valerie Jarrett she was fired of
course and Roseanne's
supporters and people who like the show
many of them said this is a free speech
issue she needs to be know she should
still have her show in the interests of
free speech but free speech had nothing
to do with it
then we had Samantha be on the other end
of the spectrum she called Ivanka Trump
a feckless c-word and she said some
other result of revolting things about
Ivanka as well this is just another in a
long line of unfunny vile things that
this person has said on a nightly basis
and I was among those who called for her
to be fired and I was told that I didn't
value free speech and I was in
the first amendment for taking that
position this is the way it goes
generally if you believe that a person
ought to suffer consequences for saying
gross and reprehensible things or if you
believe that gross and reprehensible
things ought not be set in the first
place even if you think that they should
be allowed to be said you don't think
that they should be said in any case
then you're going to be accused of
infringing on the First Amendment
there's a lot of confusion here clearly
and I think if we're going to talk about
free speech we should probably begin by
trying to determine what exactly free
speech is you know what is free speech I
think it's kind of two ways of looking
at it there's the right way in the wrong
way so when you say free speech you
could be referring to that free speech
which is enshrined in the First
Amendment the legal free speech and this
give the First Amendment gives you the
right to express your views and beliefs
especially your political views and your
religious beliefs without being punished
by the government or without being
censored by the government it prohibits
the government from passing laws that
would require you to hold a certain view
or prohibit you from from holding
certain views that's what the First
Amendment is all about it's all about
the government it's got nothing to do
with how the culture reacts to speech
it's all about what the government does
and doesn't do and it's not absolute of
course there are restrictions it's it's
it's not it's not enough to say or it's
not accurate to say that free speech
means you could say whatever you want
the government can't stop you know you
can't say whatever you want you can't
slander you can't lie under oath you
can't intentionally incite violence
against another person you can't shout
fire in a crowded theater you can't do
those kinds of things so there are
restrictions on free speech and I think
most people agree that there ought to be
those restrictions so it's not absolute
but that's basically what free speech is
great then there's the second there's
the there's the incorrect
I think usage of this term free speech
and it's a little bit unclear to me
exactly what it means because it's it's
it's it's obvious that when most people
thought safe free speech they're not
referring to the legal for
speech because like I said when they use
the phrase they're using it in a context
that has nothing to do with legal free
speech at all so obviously they mean
something else they're taught they're
not they're talking about a different
kind of free speech and it seems and
this is just me this is just me kind of
based on context it seems like most of
the time when this term free speech is
used what the person is referring to is
a kind of cultural free speech and what
they're saying is that the culture ought
to be welcoming of all speech and what
they're saying is that a person like
Roseanne or Samantha B shouldn't be
fired for saying reprehensible things
because we should be a society that
welcomes and tolerates all speech even
reprehensible speech and we should never
attempt to correct or suppress or
otherwise punish any speech at all
they believe that legal free speech is
not enough so we have to have this
cultural free speech as well where we're
welcoming and tolerant of all speech now
I don't believe in that kind of free
speech I don't think that anyone really
believes in it to be honest with you I
think a lot of people claim to believe
in it but but but in reality even if you
say yeah people should be able to say
whatever they want we shouldn't we
shouldn't try to you know punish them
for it you may say that but I don't
think you really mean it because I think
you draw a line somewhere too maybe for
you Samantha bee didn't cross that line
maybe Rosanna didn't cross that line but
there is a line almost definitely there
is a line there there is something that
a person can say especially in a public
position that would make you go they
need to be fired for that so I think
everyone has a line but we claim not to
because we all want to be so open-minded
and so or so open-minded I don't claim
to be open-minded i I'm not open-minded
I I'm all about figuring out what the
truth is and once I know the truth I'm
sticking with that I'm not you know
I'm not even consider a falsehood I'm
just gonna stick with what the truth is
and I also believe that we all should
operate with some human decency and I'm
pretty narrow-minded about that I don't
think that no I think decency is the way
to go so I'm not going to consider
indecency I think no decency that's the
way I don't believe that we as a society
are obliged to be welcoming and tolerant
of all speech I don't believe that a
person should be able to say the most
vile and disgusting reprehensible things
and suffer no penalty whatsoever for
saying them I don't believe that our
founders didn't believe that that's not
what our founders were talking about
when they talked about free speech this
is a concept of free speech that is
rather new and rather frankly ridiculous
because what we're doing is we're
drawing a line now between speech and
decency and what we're saying is that
you have to choose between being a
society with free speech or a society
with decency I don't agree with that I
think we can be both but it seems like a
lot of people think that any attempt by
individuals and the marketplace to
contain and control the filth and
stupidity that is spewed or any attempt
to free ourselves from having to be
exposed to the filth and stupidity every
second of every day is a violation of
free speech by this way of thinking I
strongly disagree with that way of
thinking here's how I think about it I
think you have the legal right to be a
profane babbling idiot you have the
legal right I have the right to treat
your profane babbling idiocy as profane
babbling idiocy I not only have the
right to do so I am right in doing so
that's how I should treat it that's how
society should treat it I think we
should strive to be a society where we
are all legally free to say what we want
within reason but we still would make
the effort to speak and behave with some
decorum because we know that we will
face
shame and stigma from society if we
don't that's the kind of society we
should be that's the kind of society we
used to be in the 1950s a woman wasn't
going to get up there in public and call
somebody else a
feckless c-word because she would have
been shamed for that there would've been
too much shame and stigma nobody would
have applauded nobody would have laughed
everybody would have said that's
disgusting you should be ashamed of
yourself should be ashamed what's wrong
with you that's how it would have been
treated that's how it should be treated
we should all be completely intolerant
of that kind of language and we should
be completely intolerant of certain
opinions and I know that opinion
opinions have become this sacred holy
thing where we say oh it's somebody's
opinion so we have to respect it I don't
care if it's your opinion if it's wrong
and stupid then I'm gonna treat it that
way I don't have to respect it just
because it's your opinion people like to
say well everyone is entitled to his own
opinion yeah that's true a guy is
entitled to his own opinion fine I mean
in the sense that he can he's allowed to
form opinions and nobody can stop him
but he's not entitled to have those
opinions taken seriously he's not
entitled for those opinions to be
welcomed or accepted and he's not
necessarily free or he ought not be free
necessarily from the consequences of
expressing those opinions a white
supremacist or a black supremacist or
any kind of racial supremacist because
they come in all colors by the way but a
a racial supremacist should experience
social consequences for those views
because they are deranged and evil and
idiotic and they're also dangerous if
enough people adopt them we've seen what
happens when a majority of a population
become racial supremacist it has led to
some of the worst bloodshed and
persecution in the history of mankind so
yeah we should as a society militate
against those opinions because they're
so awful and there's nothing redeeming
about them at all they don't deserve to
be taken seriously should the government
prevent racial supremacist from from
gathering together and saying their
stupid opinions
oh but should society shun that speech
and mock it and treat it with contempt
yes absolutely
again just because you say something
doesn't automatically make it legitimate
just because it's your belief or your
opinion doesn't mean it's not repugnant
and foolish and thus deserving of
ridicule we've developed this really
childish idea that like I said that that
all opinions are valuable all opinions
about we should listen to all opinions
though we shouldn't there are a lot of
really opinions that are utterly
worthless should be treated that way
well that's my opinion
so what does that mean that's like if
you if you took a big steaming pile of
dung right and you and you took it in
you and you put it on a plate and you
served it to somebody and you said here
it's food and then the person said I
don't want to eat that and you said but
it's food it's my food that I'm giving
you
yeah but it's still a steaming pile of
dung isn't it
the fact that it's food and that it's
you who's serving it to me that doesn't
mean anything in fact it just makes me
think of less of you that you're giving
me this that's all it does it doesn't
make the steaming pile of dung less less
of it less disgusting this is you this
is why I think there is I'm trying to
think of the make sure I'm putting this
the right way because I know it's we
tend to think of free speech in America
as the the most holy and sacred thing
but it's not really the most holy and
sacred and precious thing is the truth
that's what really matters
truth and so
I think we should be a little bit less
focused on free speech and we should be
a little bit more focused on on what is
right on the truth so we should spend
less time clamoring about what our
rights are and more time talking about
what is right
society should get legal rights to
everyone but it should only embrace and
accept that which is right and decent so
let you know this is a point that I've
made about the situation on college
campuses I think that the conservative
critique of the environment on college
campuses is a bit misdirected and it
kind of misses the point because if you
were to ask the average conservative
what's the biggest problem on modern
college campuses on most college
campuses liberal college campuses
especially which is most of them I think
the average conservative what are they
gonna say they're gonna say that the big
problem is that these campuses are so
intolerant of and hostile to opposing
ideas no that's not the problem actually
the problem is that colleges today are
so hostile to an intolerant of the right
ideas that's the problem
it's that they're hostile to the truth
my point is there's nothing wrong with
being hostile to an idea because some
ideas deserve hostility the idea that
it's okay to kill babies in the womb is
a stupid insane evil irrational idiotic
view that is that deserve to be treated
with contempt and hatred the view itself
should be treated with contempt and
hatred and ridicule that's how awful and
dumb it is
just because it's an opposing idea from
my own doesn't mean I respect it no you
think it's okay to kill babies I don't
respect that what's wrong with you
are you crazy no it's not okay to kill
babies it's just the same thing if you
came up to me and you said you know what
I really think maybe it's okay to
enslave black people I'm not gonna sit
here in sight
okay well let's sit down and have a
conversation I'm gonna say that's insane
what's wrong with you of course it's not
okay get out of here I'm not even gonna
listen to that you're there but no hear
me out now I'm not gonna listen I'm not
gonna hear you out because I'm not an
idiot and I know that that's wrong of
course it's wrong there's nothing
interesting or redeeming you can say in
favor of it so no it is okay sometimes
to treat ideas with hostility that
that's a sign of societal health if
we're treating if we are directing that
hostility and that contempt in the right
direction the problem is our society
miss directs it and which we often treat
the truth and the right ideas with
contempt that's the problem
so conservatives they need to stop
whining and saying well no listen to my
ideas because there are the opposing
ideas and they deserve to be respected
stop that stop being weak no stand up
and say listen to my ideas because my
ideas are right that's why they deserve
to be listened to
because they're true and they're right
and you're wrong that's why you should
listen to me it's not just because it's
the opposing idea I'm not gonna put my
ideas in a hole in a big basket called
ideas and and lump it in with all other
ideas no this is the right idea the
right the idea that you shouldn't kill
babies is right and that's why you
should listen to it that's why my idea
deserves more respect than yours because
you think we should kill babies and
that's wrong and stupid and insane there
is there are a few it's rare that you
encounter it but there are there are
some college campuses out there
mostly small conservative Christian
schools where if you went there and
tried to argue for killing babies you
would just be laughed out of the room
because everybody because you know what
because the people on campus are morally
and intellectually formed and so they
have no interest in that idiocy you see
and that's good
because what's the real what's the real
goal of Education it's not just it's not
to make open-minded people who are who
listen to opposing ideas no it's to make
people who understand and are grounded
in the truth that's what that is the
only thing that matters in life it's the
whole point of existence is truth it's
the only thing that matters that's what
education is for and the problem with
education is that we are creating people
who are hostile to truth if we were to
take that hostility or if they were to
take it and direct it to falsehood and
evil and depravity then that would be
good that's an improvement that's growth
that's what we want all right you get my
point
hopefully this is just it's it's become
a it's become a special pet peeve of
mine all these people who people who
have the truth on their side yet they
demand to be listened to on the basis of
free speech and opening dialogue like
what's wrong with you you have the truth
why not bring that's the point
so in conclusion legal free speech is
great and we should absolutely fight for
it and in the cases where it is
threatened let's take the case that's
going to be the verdict will be declared
by the the Supreme Court in the next
week or two masterpiece cake shop and
their fight against the LGBT
Mobb now that is a real honest-to-god
free speech issue and if masterpiece
cake shop loses then that's essentially
the end of the First Amendment so that's
a big deal
and so we got to pay attention to that
so we're legal free speech is actually
threatened we need to defend it but
outside of that you're under no
obligation to tolerate or take seriously
falsehood indecency vulgarity profanity
except etc and you shouldn't and society
shouldn't and that's the society that we
should build thanks for listening
everybody I'll talk to you next week
Godspeed
you
