ABC News has canceled Roseanne's mega
super hit revival of her sitcom they
cancelled it because Roseanne told a bad
joke that was in poor taste and had a
racial component on Twitter and so they
canceled it instantaneously it was so so
fast now what was the joke she told a
joke about Valerie Jarrett an ex
government aid the response was swift it
happened immediately now they're all out
of work meanwhile do you remember Kathy
Griffin I held up Donald Trump's
bloodied head in that joke that was also
in poor taste but it took a long time
for her to you know people turn they did
should she lose her job
should she still go on CNN the question
is why is Kathy Griffin a c-list
comedian on CNN to begin with oh right
because they're fake news Michelle wolf
insulted the appearance of Sarah Sanders
the sitting press secretary at the White
House Correspondents Dinner to her face
everyone's defending her on the left
everyone's defending Kathy Griffin on
the left okay they both of whom are
unapologetic by the way both of them are
currently unapologetic about their jokes
Roseanne apologized right away she knew
that she crossed the line as she knew
the joke what was weak it was mean it
wasn't nice and nevertheless they
canceled her really quickly ABC wrote
quote Rosen's Twitter statement is
abhorrent repugnant and inconsistent
with our values and we have decided to
cancel her show so what I'm gonna do
here is attack the left and the
immediacy of this response the way that
they responded to this but I have to be
crystal clear these days because the
left is so ready to pounce that's kind
of the point of this show today they're
so they're looking for anything things
are going so so well in this country
they need anything to try to attack the
right even if it's minor even if it's a
misdirection or whatever but I want to
be crystal clear I am NOT defending the
joke it was not a good joke it was mean
it was in poor taste I am NOT defending
the joke oh but what what was so wrong
about the joke we'll analyze that we'll
see why it failed why it was weak and
why the left I think is disingenuous as
they're attacking it so okay let's we've
we've intro'd this enough
what did Roseanne say Roseanne told this
joke quote
because it was in a tweet so it's not
terribly grammatical but this is it
Muslim Brotherhood and Planet of the
Apes had a baby equals VJ and VJ is
standing for Valerie Jarrett you're not
doubled over guffawing with laughter of
course not it's not a very good joke
you're not I don't think anybody is
saying ah ha ha just not a good joke is
in poor taste and she apologized
immediately she said quote I apologize
to Valerie Jarrett and to all Americans
I am truly sorry for making a bad joke
about her politics and her looks I
should have known better forgive me my
joke was in bad taste she tweeted that
out immediately she didn't not like some
of these other comedians on the left or
on the who you know takes them days to
even sort of apologize or in Kathy
Griffin's case she unapologetically and
she was right to do it because the joke
was not good so now we have to ask
ourselves is this apology legitimate did
she really mean what she said or just
Roseanne Barr just hate black people
just want to discriminate against black
people who really hate them which is the
more likely scenario 100% of people
think it is the former nobody was I
think Roseanne cast a black child to
play her granddaughter on the revival of
Roseanne I don't think that rich I don't
think she's out there with the tiki
torches and the pointy white hats I
don't think she has racial animus I
think she told a bad joke isn't that
legitimate does anybody out there
seriously believe that Roseanne is this
angry bitter vicious of
anti black racist who wants to bring
back Jim Crow and snow nobody believes
that but we all have to pretend that now
because things are going too well in the
country and rosy and had a show she had
the audacity to vote for Donald Trump so
they got to take her down they got to
get anyone even vaguely associated with
Trump
