saskia practical dating question they're
gotten a lot so because this is fun i
mean as long as i got to the practical
dating question that i get a lot is
should people who have different value
systems or different religions for
example date each other so my typical
answer on this yeah is know is that you
should is that if you want to have a
long-lasting relationship with somebody
you're both gonna get old and wrinkly
and you're both gonna not be as handsome
and pretty as you once were and you're
not gonna be sexually attracted to that
person as you once were but what you see
from the studies is that levels of
commitment committed love go up over
time and levels of infatuate love go
radically down after the first six seven
months true and so if you actually want
to build a committed love then that has
to be built on a shared purpose which
can only be found in this area shared
set of values so measured purpose I'll
go with you all the way there okay but
but shared sets of values can be
developed in the relationship and the
family and establishing right but if you
have to bet are you gonna better people
share values primarily to I'm good I'm
gonna give defer to my host which is
that if you look at common scripts
things tend to go better those with life
scripts family scripts family of origin
scripts things where everything's
already sort of self-evident to one
another that tends to help relationships
going along but but i but having said
that of course the exceptions are always
the radical differences where people
form these new phenomenological
experiences together and that's very
rich and it's dangerous you're right
there may be a risk reward ratio is the
risk of a ratio but I wouldn't
discourage somebody from that just based
on that for an any more reason that I
would discourage you and I from having a
good dialogue you know yeah but I don't
think we should get married just
breaking it knob now there goes the rest
of the show the big the big reveal at
the end I mean I can't believe I put
