you may have heard of the controversy
surrounding snapchat they they had added
a channel called the after dark channel
and it was going to be dedicated
exclusively to pornographic content and
of course this channel would have been
brought to you by or brought to your
child by I should say by that trash heap
of a publication known as Cosmo and I
say would be because they've now
discontinued the channel after backlash
and so they're not gonna have that
anymore but still the point about
snapchat still stands it is a toxic dump
and nothing worthwhile can be found
there and you shouldn't let your kid
anywhere near it and I you know I wrote
a piece yesterday talking about why we
need to get our kids off of snapchat and
off of social media in general and to
whatever extent possible off of the
Internet as well I'm not gonna repeat
the whole thing as far as snapchat goes
this is a conversation that we shouldn't
really need to have it's a site widely
known for its sexual content because
sexual content is part of the whole
point of the thing it's part of why it
was invented is for sexual content why
do you think when when people decide
they're gonna invent this tool where you
can send and interact with photos and
then videos that delete themselves after
a few seconds what I mean when most when
most people on the internet see that
feature what are they thinking how do
you think they're gonna use it so of
course it's gonna end up being a site
that's overrun with sexual content it's
one of the primary points of the thing
in the first place
so why would we as parents allow our
kids into that minefield
I try not to condemn other parents or to
judge them too harshly
especially when I'm dealing with older
parents who have older kids and so
they've been through things I haven't
been through they've they have met
challenges that I haven't met yet and I
understand that but there are some
things that are just very difficult to
understand and allowing your kid to use
snapchat well that that's a hard one for
me to wrap my head around now if you
tell me that you have prohibited it but
your kid is sneaking around and trying
to find ways around your rules well that
look I understand that I mean I totally
understand even now if my kids as young
as they are it's making a rule is no
guarantee that it's gonna be followed of
course and as kids get older they're
gonna be better at breaking the rules so
I understand all that but you still make
the rule there's still a value and
saying to your kids no you can't you
can't know snapchat you can't through
snapchat if they get around it and they
find a way and you know then and you
find out about it you got to punish them
I mean that's the that's the back and
forth that happens in parenting I get
that but to say as a parent oh yeah sure
fine go ahead and use that whatever fine
that's the thing I don't get but it's a
tool for sexting okay that's what it is
so just there's no reason your kid needs
to be on but I want to talk about what I
want to talk about is getting away from
snapchat for a minute what I'd like to
talk about is the biggest pitfall the
most toxic aspect of social media lots
of studies have been done talking about
its detrimental effects on a child's
mental health and well-being and all
that stuff but a lot of times I think
those studies they miss the worst thing
that they fail to capture the worst
thing about social media for kids and
the worst thing about social media for
kids the biggest disadvantage is
actually the thing that a lot of parents
think is the biggest advantage and that
is that that social media this is what
parents are justifying it they'll say
something like well social media you
know
allows our kids to network and to stay
in touch with their friends first of all
your kit your 12 year old kid doesn't
need to network okay that's not a thing
a 12 year old needs to do but second as
far as staying in touch with his friends
that's the problem that's the whole
problem with it is this staying in touch
with his friends social media Rob's a
child of his home life of his family
life social media and the Internet
generally have become replacements for
the home and for the family and now when
a kid gets home from school after
spending all day at school all day
around his friend who spends most of his
time at school around his friends and
you add in after-school activities and
where he's actually physically hanging
out with them so you add all that in
he's spending most of his time in his
life at this stage with his friends and
with his peers but then he gets home
from school and he's with his family for
that brief period of time but now he's
still connected to his peers he doesn't
get away from them now you have no time
just as a family without any of that
stuff his peers and that culture that's
it's always present he literally is
carrying it around with him everywhere
attached to it physically always that's
the problem he has he has his computer
and his phone and so there's like this
umbilical cord connecting him to his
peers all the time always he remains
completely immersed in peer culture even
when he's not physically surrounded by
it he's attached to his peers always he
hasn't he has no life outside of them
and that's a bad thing and if you think
about you with your kid either
presumably either goes to school for
most of the day or you homeschool and if
he goes to school for most of the day
you don't see him you'll you only see
him briefly and when he comes home the
last thing you should want him to do is
to stay in touch with his friends like
as if he can't be away from them for I
mean can he not be away from them for a
few hours so there if your kids you send
your kid away from school you shouldn't
want them to be on social media for that
reason and if you don't send your kid
away from first school any any home
schools well then if he's on social
media all the time you've basically
negated one of the one of the primary
benefits of homeschool which is that
he's not immersed in that peer culture
and he's not subject subject to it and
and he's what you know he's getting his
cues from you and from adults he's
learning from adults rather than
learning to ape his peers so that
separation from peer culture is one of
the great benefits of homeschool it's
one of the it's the point maybe not the
point it's one of the primary points of
homeschooling but then when you add in
social media if your kids a social media
addict on top of that honestly there's
almost no point then in homeschooling
you may as well not do it because you
you have erased one of the great
benefits of it so either way no matter
what your kid does in terms of schooling
I think we should not want our kids to
be on social media they don't need to be
on it there's really no benefit and the
one thing that's usually cited as a
benefit is actually the worst thing
about it now here's the thing that this
is really and I've talked about this
before this is really what lies at the
root of the suicide and depression
epidemic among our kids
okay we've talked about before how
suicide is on the rise
suicide is much more common among
teenagers and preteens today that it's
ever been before this is something that
you talk to an older person you talk to
someone who's 60 or 70 years old and
they'll tell you this is just you never
heard about when they were growing up
this is you didn't hear about this you
never heard about a 13 year old
committing suicide this is this is this
happens now frequently it's terrible
it's tragic and a lot of times we'll
chalk it up to bullying we'll say well
they're bullied in school and that's
what led to it but that doesn't tell the
full story the problem is not just that
kids are bullied at school the problem
is that bullying has has has such a deep
effect on kids because they're so
desperate to find approval and
affirmation from their peers because
they're so immersed in this culture and
they can't escape it the point is
children have always been mistreated by
their peers that's another thing if you
talk to someone who's 60 or 70 years old
they'll tell you that Oh bullying
happened when when when I was a kid it
was it was probably worse than it is now
which maybe is true but if you're 60
years old think back to when you were 12
maybe bullying happened then and it was
a terrible thing but then what what what
at the end of the school day what
happened you went home and there was an
Internet
there wasn't a smartphone there wasn't
social media wasn't any of that so you
you went home and now you were away from
them you were away from that environment
and yet you had to go back to and maybe
you dreaded that but there was a break
there was this oasis of time where you
were not around your peers or subjected
to them or to their opinions and you so
it was not like you didn't feel like
every second of your day you had to
spend desperately searching for approval
from your peers because there were these
big chunks of time where you were not
around them at all
that is now gone because of the phones
smartphones and social media the kids
they never escaped each other anymore
they're always with each other either
physically or in the cyber realm they're
always around each other always they're
always in that world so it's not it's
it's it's not that some kids are more
mistreated now by their peers it's that
they're now more attached to their peers
than they've ever been before which
means that if they're not accepted by
their peers if they're mocked if they're
treated cruelly that has a much deeper
impact on them because this is their
whole life is their Pierce that's so
that's where a lot of this bullying
epidemic and suicide depression all the
stuff in kids terrible thing that's
where a lot of it comes from is that
attachment that orientation that kids
have where they're completely immersed
in this world together in this kind of
fog that just follows them around and
they never get away from it they never
get a break and they don't want to break
because it's compulsive internet social
media phones it is a it is it's
something that breeds compulsion so they
at some level they might want to escape
it but at another another level they're
dependent on it addicted to it
practically so you that's when parents
need to step in and give them the thing
that they really need and more and at a
deeper level want even though they don't
know it which is a break
and we have to force that on our kids
but whether a kid is bullied or not this
is a problem and people in my generation
you know people that are my generation
people that are around my age we have
kind of a unique perspective on this
because if you're about my age then you
probably be you probably remember you
remember as I do a childhood where the
internet really wasn't a thing and
social media wasn't a thing and you also
remember half of a childhood where the
internet was a dominant force in your
life and if you're like me if you're my
age then there's this very sudden
dividing line like before internet in an
after internet and it all happened very
suddenly for me it was probably I think
was around eighth grade seventh eighth
grade right heading into high school and
before that point from birth to about
eighth grade the internet didn't exist
and it existed in some form but it
wasn't ubiquitous people weren't using
it it was just a novelty AOL in 1995 was
I didn't have a o L in 1995 but it was
not it did not even begin kids kids that
are younger don't know this but the
Internet in like 1995 94 before that it
existed but it did not even begin to
resemble what we have now it was it
basically was you wouldn't even
recognize it as the Internet so it was
just kind of a novelty for a while and
so you know it didn't we didn't even
have a computer for a long time
basically didn't exist but very suddenly
right as I came into high school
everything changed and people had that's
when AOL was the big thing I think our
first diversion of AOL was AOL I think
2.0 or 3.0 and I think what really
changed everything was that was that was
the communication mechanism so you had
the AOL buddy list and instant messenger
and then you also had MySpace came along
shortly after that you had chat rooms
when I was a kid for a while chat rooms
were a big thing I don't even know if
chat rooms
exist do they I'm not sure I feel like
if they do they are now probably 100%
populated by sex predators when I was a
kid it was probably like 80% kids on
chat rooms and then 20% sex predators
which was a dangerous situation
so but back then you had the Instant
Messenger you had chat rooms yet MySpace
which came along shortly after that and
out of nowhere all this stuff became a
defining feature of our lives as kids we
still didn't have phones with the
Internet and the Internet still wasn't
anything like it is now
but it was similar in that you came home
from school and the main thing that you
did was you got on the computer and you
were messaging through Instant Messenger
you were messaging people from school
and then through the broader Internet
experience you're connected with other
people who you didn't even know and you
assumed where your peers but maybe they
weren't and I distinctly remember this
as kind of a revolutionary concept for
me as a kid but I would come home from
school and the school culture the peer
culture would migrate onto the Internet
and so I could stay immersed in it and
then that culture also changes on the
internet a little bit too because now
you can be more uninhibited you have
more control over how you present
yourself you could you're willing to say
things to people over instant messenger
that you wouldn't say in real life so
then there's this exchange where pure
culture migrates to the internet things
change their dynamic changes and that
bleeds back over into the physical
interaction so very quickly began it
began to change your personal
relationships to it so I remember all
this happening people my age we remember
this I thought it was pretty fun at the
time but I didn't see what was really
happening
and I didn't see that even even at this
early stage it had consumed my home life
in my family life replaced it even
though the internet wasn't as ubiquitous
as it is now it had already done them
and even though my parents did a good
job of regulating it they were they were
more on top of that than most parents
were of the kids my age but this was
also people didn't really understand
what they were dealing with they didn't
understand the internet it all happened
pretty quickly for most of us and for
parents I think a lot of parents and my
parents generation we're kind of
fumbling around trying to like they
didn't see this coming it's when I first
started having kids they didn't factor
in the Internet at all wasn't even on
the radar screen and then all of a
sudden you've got this thing and it's
taken over everyone's life and parents
are like what are we supposed to do
about this so well my parents did the
best they could but it but it still
became this dominant force and so
there's this dividing line the internet
came onto the scene kind of split our
childhood into two and now you can
distinctly remember childhood before
Internet and after Internet and it's not
hard for me to see now that the before
internet chunk was much better there
were more blue skies and trees and
scrape knees and pick up football games
and everything during that first half so
the thing that we desperately need to
give our kids and that they desperately
need to receive from us is a life
outside of this outside of not just
outside of the internet but outside of
their their peer circle outside of that
we take it for granted these days that a
kid will get to a certain age and I hear
this from older parents all the time
they tell me like like it's inevitable
like it's going to happen there's
nothing you can do about it so we take
it for granted that a kid will get to a
certain age maybe 12 or 12 or 13
something like that
and the deck the dichotomy between you
and your kid will drastically and
suddenly shift and a kid will come to
almost hate his family really all of a
sudden out of nowhere there will be this
sudden shift where the kid has wants
nothing to do with his family and
basically hates them and we talk about
this now like it's normal and natural
it's a natural part of growing up it's
it's just the way it is now it is the
way it is but it's not natural
and it's not normal and it doesn't need
to be that way obviously it's always
been the case that a kid will grow and
and he's gonna become less dependent
less emotionally dependent on his
parents on his family and that's part of
the part of the growing process but this
thing we have now where a kid comes a
teenager and just severs himself
completely emotionally from his parents
and then teenagers have now their own
culture in their own world their own
universe their own language their own
everything mm-hmm and adults not are not
allowed to access it or be a part of it
that is not normal I'm here to tell you
that's not how things have worked
throughout human history it's just not
that is that is a modern phenomenon it's
a phenomenon that began in the
Industrial Age and it just got worse
over time with the advent of these
different forms of media TV you know
going into the Internet and now it's
it's just gotten worse over time because
of all this and when you add it in these
kind of things in these areas where kids
could congregate and you know these when
you gave them all these sort of things
that they could have to themselves then
that adults just didn't understand the
advent of rock music was another example
is it was this completely new and
foreign thing that our parents
generation it was sort of their thing
and their parents just didn't even it
was like a foreign language they didn't
understand it and in the modern age it's
just every generation has its own thing
as his own music its own clothes it's a
language and again we take that for
granted we shouldn't take it for granted
that's not the way it's historically
been for you for the human species and
now it's gotten to the point where it's
just worse than it's ever been before
because the kids they carry around their
phones and they have their own worlds
where they interact with each other and
where they're with each other and adults
just can't access it and don't
understand it and they don't really know
like you see your kid all day at his
house looking at his phone you don't
really know what he's looking at or what
he's doing he has this whole life to
himself it's not normal it's not natural
I admit it's a very difficult thing to
break free of in modern society but it
is possible because it is not a natural
and normal part of growing up
we have only decided that it must be for
us now so a child wants to be on social
media
so that he doesn't he doesn't miss out
but what I'm saying is missing out is
exactly what he needs he doesn't need
more ways to connect with his friends
he's already way too connected to them
he needs a break from his friends he
needs to have a life and an identity
outside of them he needs to escape them
and I think the the home and the family
should be an escape from that and that's
what we have to give them and that means
at a minimum to begin with keeping them
off of social media because nothing good
can come of it all right guys thanks for
watching and listening Godspeed have a
have a great weekend and a great
Memorial Day so I'll talk to you on
Tuesday
