welcome to the car cast everyone you've
probably noticed that the word
judgmental is used quite a bit these
days there are people who can't seem to
walk out of their house in the morning
without finding judgment all around them
everywhere they go they're telling
people stop judging your judging you're
being judgmental stop judging judgmental
judgmental and the term self-righteous
and holier-than-thou are also quite
popular or generally are used
interchangeably with judgemental and
judging and self-righteous
holier-than-thou you know now it is
possible to be judgmental and
self-righteous and it is bad to be those
things but the problem is that a lot of
people seem to find that judgement and
self-righteousness everywhere they turn
and they paint a picture of American
society as this place that's filled with
puritanical straight-laced prudes who
are holding everyone else to this really
high moral standard as if that's the
great problem in our society right is it
is the high moral standard that we're
all paying helps you of course the truth
is exactly the opposite of that there's
there's basically no moral standard the
moral standard for most people is they
you know whatever people like to do is
good if people like to do it then it's
good and it's right and it's okay
that's the moral standard that most
people operate by well you say that
that's wrong but wait these people like
doing it so it must be okay what are you
talking about how could it be wrong if
people enjoy doing it so no I you know I
wouldn't I don't think that moral
standards is is that unrealistic moral
expectations are our problem but let's
let's let's start with what does it
actually mean to be to be truly
judgmental and self-righteous what does
that mean
well a truly judgmental and
self-righteous person is somebody
without humility who doesn't see their
own flaws and their own weaknesses and
who will tend to put themselves forward
as an example of moral perfection that's
what a judgmental self-righteous person
will do they judge unfairly they judge
wrongly they judge with the wrong heart
and they they consider themselves to be
the paragon of moral virtue and
perfection now in other words a
judgmental self-righteous person that's
someone who feels superior to other
people and and we all have we all do
have a little bit or maybe a lot of that
in us we have some element of that in us
we all struggle with that to a certain
degree
that's called pride that's part of pride
and pride is the is the starting point
of all sin and we all have pride in us
so we all have to some degree or another
we all have these kinds of feelings of
superiority sometimes but I think for
most people their feelings of
superiority are more implicit than
explicit in other words most people
aren't you know I think most people
don't actually literally think to
themselves oh I'm better than other
people I don't think most people think
that exactly it's more like an implicit
sub-conscience subconscious assumption
that they make and they really have to
examine their own conscience that's what
we have to do we have to do an
examination of conscience to find that
within ourselves and then purge it and
repent of it but I mean I could be wrong
I just don't think the average person
when they're walking by another person
on the sidewalk or they're standing in
the supermarket checkout line with
someone the average person isn't going
to look at someone else and think I am
better than that person they may sort of
think that but it's buried deep within
themselves I think here's an example of
a more explicit self-righteousness and
and in you know a more explicit example
of being judgmental that you'll find in
your everyday life gossip
you know gossip is a self-righteous
judgmental thing most of the time
because the whole point of gossip what
makes it gossip is that you're all
sitting around talking about these
negative things about someone else who's
not part of the conversation and you're
taking some sick pleasure in discussing
the negative aspects of another person's
life or personality and what is why do
you find pleasure and you find pleasure
in it because it makes you feel better
really gossipy people people that are
really gossipy the reason they're
gossiping all the time is because it
makes that it keeps inflating their own
ego and their own sense of self-worth
that they find in dwelling and
delighting in other people's flaws but I
think most of the time that's not really
what's meant when people say
self-righteous and judgmental they're
not talking about gossiping usually in
common usage when someone accuses you of
being judgmental what they really mean
nine times out of ten what they really
mean is you have made me feel
uncomfortable about myself because of a
certain moral stand you have taken or a
criticism you have offered
nine times out of ten that's what they
mean they're calling you judgmental
because you made them feel uncomfortable
and that's why nowadays it's basically
impossible to have any kind of moral
discussion or debate at all without
being called self-righteous and
judgmental because it's going to make
people feel uncomfortable it's gonna
make people look at themselves so
anytime you say this is right that is
wrong anytime you do that in the minds
of a lot of people you're automatically
being judgmental and self-righteous
because everyone who does the wrong
thing is now gonna feel bad about
themselves and because they feel bad
about themselves you're being judgmental
and the only way to not be judgmental to
not be self-righteous is to never make
anyone feel bad about their life choices
I have certainly found anecdotally that
this comes up quite a bit it won't
surprise you to learn that I get these
accusations a lot and I'm sure that
there have been plenty of times when I
have been self-righteous and judgemental
I'm sure I have been guilty of that but
I also know that it doesn't really
matter how I frame it if talking about
speaking specifically about my writing
for a minute if I'm writing something
where I'm disdain
wishing right from wrong and I'm saying
that's wrong we shouldn't do that if I
call anything immoral whatsoever I will
be accused of being judgmental and
self-righteous no matter how I say it no
matter how I frame it and I know people
say well it's because of how you it's
not what you say it's how you say no
actually no that's not what it is
because it doesn't matter how I say it
really honestly doesn't I could I could
be talking about something and saying oh
this is wrong over here and I could use
myself as an example of the wrong thing
and I tried to be very careful about
that if I'm talking about a wrong thing
a wrong action if I'm going to use any
specific person by name as an example of
the wrong activity when applicable I try
to use myself so one example is going to
talk a lot about our obsession with TV
and Internet and you know all these
things now we live our lives revolved
around the screens and that's wrong we
should live that way but any time I'm
talking about that I always make sure to
say I struggle with this myself I have
struggle with this I still struggle with
it it's a struggle for me now use myself
as an example and I try to communicate
that like this is one of the reasons why
you know this is how I I know what what
effect this has on people's lives I've
been through it I have experienced it
but what I found is it doesn't matter
you could use yourself as an example you
could make it you could make it
explicitly clear that you don't think
you're better than anyone this is this
is you're not trying to put you're not
superior you know that you're not you're
down in the mud with everyone else
struggling and sitting and trying to you
know scrape your way through you could
make that as clear as possible it
doesn't matter you'll still be called
judgemental because if anyone if they
get the scent of if they pick up on the
scent of judgment any kind of judgment
even self judgment they will call you
judgmental I mean I have written things
I've written articles where the entire
thing is about my own flaws I wrote an
article for instance literally the title
of it was I am Judas okay and the entire
article was about my own sin anyone know
something
I was called judgmental and
self-righteous for that so it's the art
thing sometimes where you just kind of
to throw up your hands and say alright
oh I don't know I don't know what I
could do now then if that even that's
judgmental well I don't know but this
isn't this isn't just me by the way of
course I'm not I'm you know I
I'm not the only one who's experienced
this but of course so many times I I
can't tell you how many times I've
gotten emails it's almost a daily
occurrence it's not multiple times a day
where I get emails from people confiding
in me that they would like to be more
outspoken they would like to make a
moral stand but they're deathly afraid
of being called self-righteous and
judgmental and I understand you know I
get it you you don't want to be written
off as judgmental and self-righteous and
so people a lot of times will just avoid
the conversation what will happen for me
often is oh you're an email from someone
and they'll tell me about some
particular thing that's happening around
them with their friends or in their
families some wrong thing that's that's
happening and they they want to take a
stand and say no we shouldn't be doing
this or this should be happening but
they don't they're afraid to because
they don't want to be written off as
being judgmental and they realize that
you know no matter how they say it
they're gonna be called judgmental
because if they're offering a criticism
that makes people feel bad about
themselves well then the accusation will
come well of course this is all
ridiculous a person is not automatically
judgmental just because they've
discerned right from wrong when a guy
says this is wrong and this is right
that doesn't mean he's claiming to be
perfect unless he does claim to be
perfect
in which case fine write them off you
know if somebody is if someone's
approaching it that way and they're
saying I'm I'm never wrong and I'm
perfect listen to me
if that's how they're approaching it
then yeah they don't deserve to be
listened to but if someone is simply
saying this is wrong this is right it
doesn't mean they're making any claims
about themselves it doesn't even
necessarily mean that they're claiming
to never do the wrong thing it's just
it's just they're observing a something
they're there say they're there making a
moral observation which they're
perfectly entitled to do and which they
should do it's like if a person says a
triangle has three sides it doesn't mean
that they're claiming to be a geometry
expert it doesn't mean that they're
claiming that every time they draw a
parang --gel it's perfectly straight and
everything no that's that's not what
they're claiming they're not making any
claims about their own expertise with
shapes and triangles they're just
observing something that is true and if
we happen to live in a society where
everybody rejects the definition of a
triangle then it behooves anyone who
recognizes the actual definition of a
triangle to stand up and say it even if
they're normally really bad at geometry
still they should stand up and say it
now we happen to live in a society where
a lot of people are very confused about
basic questions of morality a lot of
people in fact reject that objective
morality exists
and so those of us who recognize
objective morality and who understand at
least on a basic level right from wrong
we all have a duty and a responsibility
to stand up and say it no matter if we
are if we are dirty terrible awful
sinners ourselves that's irrelevant we
would be even greater sinners if we
stayed silent we have to stand up and
say it it's a responsibility it is not
automatically judgmental or
self-righteous not everyone who
distinguishes between right and wrong is
claiming to be a saint it could be that
someone who does that they realize that
they're a sinner they know that they're
a sinner they acknowledge their own sin
and therefore they take sin personally
and they hate it all the more because
they have dealt with it and felt its
effects now contrary to to popular
belief the Bible does not actually
forbid judging and that's what you'll
hear you'll hear well it's you shouldn't
you call yourself a Christian but you're
running around judging the Bible says
don't judge Bible Bible says it right
there stop judging yeah you know what
the Bible says that if you are like
looking with if you if you've got these
blinders on where you can only see two
words at a time
in the Bible then yeah you could find
the phrase stop judging and then you
could take that phrase and remove it
from its entire context and say oh the
Bible says stop judging about you see
those words appear in the Bible there
you go see but of course if you're
approaching the Bible that way you could
the Bible will say anything you wanted
to say if you're approaching it like
basically like a word search or
something where you can
as you find the words or the letters in
the Bible somewhere and you can arrange
them in whatever way and remove them for
their context well in that case then the
Bible can justify anything you wanted to
justify but the Bible does not actually
taken in context Jesus is not telling us
as a blanket statement not to judge what
he's warning against is judging wrongly
see he's warning against judgments that
are made wrongly and with the wrong
heart he's also also warning us that
even if you judge rightly even if you
make a right judgment because in John
7:24 Jesus says don't judge by
appearance but Judge with right judgment
so that's a come it's not even just that
Jesus is saying you can judge he's
saying judge with right judgement he's
commanding us to judge you should judge
but do it rightly with right judgment
but he also tells us when he talked
about how the measure with which you
measure will be measured out to you what
he's saying is if you hold people to a
certain standard even if it's the right
standard you know even if you're doing
it correctly you better hold yourself to
the same step you better hold yourself
to a higher standard than you hold
everyone else
so if you have this very clear moral
sense and you're very intolerant of sin
and wickedness which is a which is a
good way to be that's how we should be
but you better apply it to yourself and
so if you're very hard on other people
and and and very you know and not
interested in hearing excuses which
again there's not necessarily anything
wrong with being that way you better be
twice as hard on yourself and you better
be dismissing your own excuses right
away this is also what Jesus gets at in
the you know the verse the other verse
that's tossed around by the don't judge
camp is the verse where Jesus discusses
the speck in our brother's eye and the
way that this is paraphrased and kind of
boiled down most of the time we've
distilled it down to what Jesus is
saying is never worry about your brother
speck because you have a bigger speck or
you know your brother has a speck you
have a log so never worry about the
space that's not what Jesus is say let's
look at the actual verse he says why do
you look at the speck of sawdust in your
brother's eye and pay no attention to
the plank in your own eye how can you
say to your brother let me take the
speck out of your eye when all the time
there's a plank in your own eye you
hypocrite first take the plank out of
your own eye and then so there's a
two-part process here first step take
the plank out of your own eye second
step and then you will see clearly to
remove the speck from your brother's eye
somehow that last part of the last
sentence is is is left out when people
talk about this verse the whole and then
part is completely removed but we can't
remove that because what Jesus is saying
is yeah absolutely help your brother
with his speck don't just don't just
leave him there to languish with his uh
with with the speck in his eye help them
with the speck but you can't do that
until you worry about the sin in your
own life and if there's a big if there
if there if there is this this big sin
or any kind of sin in your life that you
are refusing to confront then you're
gonna be blinded by that and you won't
be able to help anywhere else
so worry about yourself first and your
own sin judge yourself your own sin
and then you can help other people in
their walk work out your own salvation
with fear and trembling there better be
some fear and trembling when you look at
your own sin you should hate your own
sin you should detest it you should be
disgusted by you will not be able to
help anyone else in their walk and in
their faith if you don't have that
attitude about your own sin we talk
about hate the sin love the sinner which
is I think you know there's a there's a
deep truth to that phrase but what Jesus
is telling us is you better apply that
to yourself
you better hate your own sin too and
hate it most of all because it's the sin
that you're guilty of and you're
responsible for so be humble in other
words I mean we could really boil it
down to that be home don't think too
highly of yourself know that you're a
sinner that you have sinned that your
sins are disgusting and terrible and
awful and dark and hideous
and and do you know go to war against
your own sin repent of it and if you're
if you're going to stand for what is
right in the world which you should you
better apply it to yourself but if
you're doing that and if that's how you
really approach things then go out and
speak the truth and stand for what's
right and you can be confident that
you're doing it righteously not self
righteously because you're not putting
yourself forward as the standard for
righteousness that's what it means to be
self righteous by definition it is to
put yourself forward as the standard for
righteousness but if you're looking to
God as the standard and you're holding
everyone including yourself to that
standard then you're not being
self-righteous and you're not being
judgmental if you're saying to people
look at me do what I am doing that self
righteous but if you're saying if you're
saying to everyone let's all look up
there and follow him and I'm in the same
camp as you I have to look up there too
let's all look up there that's not self
righteous that is not judgmental that is
correct that is right that is righteous
and if you approach it that way and
people still refuse to listen and they
still throw around judgmental and
self-righteous and all these words it's
only because they don't want to see
their own imperfections that's the great
irony here is that they accuse you of
thinking you're perfect when really they
are the ones who think they are perfect
they are the self-righteous ones because
they have positioned themselves not God
as the standard of righteousness they
are saying this is right because it's
what I do that is self righteous that is
the ferry that is self righteous
perfectly Illustrated and exemplified is
the person who who insists that whatever
they do must be right because they're
doing it that is arrogance that is pride
that is that is that is
self-righteousness that's what that is
it turns out in the end
that most of the time the people who go
around accusing everyone else of being
self-righteous they are the
self-righteous ones because they refuse
to even consider that they may be doing
the wrong thing they won't even consider
it
that's self-righteousness so we should
pray for them and we should you know
pray pray for their own awakening and
continue to work on ourselves with fear
and trembling and also continue to stand
for what's right and what's true and if
we know that we're approaching it the
right way and doing it the right way and
with the right heart we don't have to
worry about the accusations and the
insults when they come thanks for
watching thanks for listening everybody
