the left hates Trump so much now that
all Trump has to do is say black and
they say white he says white they say
black it doesn't matter so Trump comes
out and you all heard about this Trump
comes out and he says ms-13 are animals
they're not people they're animals now
this is ms-13 is a Central American gang
their slogan is kill reap control but
because Trump said it the left can't
stand it and so they come out and they
say well you can't cook you can't call
people animals here is Nancy Pelosi
Nancy Pelosi rushing to the defense of
the poor babies at ms-13 we believe that
some of us who are attracted to the
public arena or to government and public
service that Joe we're all God's
children and so when the President of
the United States says about
undocumented immigrants these aren't
people these are animals you have to
wonder that does he not believe in the
spark of divinity the dignity and worth
of every person calling people animals
isn't that a good thing
all right the spark of divinity and what
I love about this is not only his Trump
maneuvered Nancy Pelosi into defending
people who beat children to death with
baseball bats and eat the hearts of
their victims so that's that's Nancy
Pelosi's constituency from now on but
now she's talking about a spark of
divinity so here's my question when does
this spark of divinity into the body
okay because Nancy Pelosi is a big big
abortion fan so when does I just want to
know how this works
technically I'm just I just want to ask
the theology here when does the spark of
divinity into the body because it's
obviously not a conception obviously not
when the baby is growing and when it
becomes obviously a baby in a woman's
stomach in a woman's womb not then it's
not then is it after the baby comes out
is that when the spark magically enters
the body or do you have to join ms-13
first is that well that's what I want to
know
