president Trump's lawyer Rudy Giuliani
says Robert Muller is not going to
indict President Trump but Robert Muller
is still digging Michael Cohen finds
himself on the wrong end of leaks again
and the media lie about President Trump
and immigration I'm Ben Shapiro this is
the Ben Shapiro show
so today is the day folks if you've not
heard already I'm taking Ben Shapiro
shall live to audiences in Dallas and
Phoenix presale tickets have been going
extremely fast particularly our VIP
packages I think they're very few left
in fact there's been such demand from
our subscribers we've asked the venue's
to open up 50 additional VIP tickets at
each event because we're getting a lot
of complaints that they were sold out
already today is the final day for
premium subscribers to get your presale
tickets so if you're not a subscriber
you should subscribe so that we can get
access to the tickets because tonight at
10 p.m. local time
everyone gets access to the tickets
tonight at 10 p.m.
everyone gets access to the tickets
whether you remember whether or not a
member you can now buy a ticket at 10
p.m. tonight wherever you are seats
won't go fast for both VIP and general
sales tickets if you are not already a
subscriber again be sure to sign up now
and get that presale code and you can
get early access to the best seats in
the house go to Daley wired.com slash
events to get your presale tickets an
additional info again that's Daley
wire.com / events to get an presale
tickets an additional info I'm really
pumped to be bringing the show live to
folks the tickets are going incredibly
fast and getting a lot of notes from
people you know begging pleading for
extra tickets so we opened up a few
extras so please go check it out
and I promise it's gonna be a fun event
and I want to be it'll be a big blast
before I get into the news and there's a
lot of news to get in today first I want
to say thanks to our sponsors over at
Legal Zoom so pretend you're in the
government you need legal help for just
a second
well people you would go to are the
folks over at legal zooms that you're
not spending hundreds of thousands of
dollars on legal work because attorneys
are super expensive you're gonna pay 300
bucks an hour for probably an Associate
when I was an associate at a top law
firm they were charging 250 bucks an
hour for my time that was like 10 years
ago yeah you could otherwise go to Legal
Zoom and they don't have to pay that 2
million Americans have used legal zooms
to start their business with LLC's
incorporation and more but even after
your business is set up Legal Zoom can
still help you out things like lease
agreements changing tax laws contract
reviews they're all part of running your
own business but these are precisely the
kinds of legal hurdles that do take time
and effort away from your growing
business which is why Legal Zoom has
created their business legal plan so
this is pretty awesome with it you get
legal advice for your business from
vetted independent attorneys and tax
professionals available in every state
you also receive access to NDA's lease
agreements and more in the best part is
you're not gonna get charged by the hour
because Legal Zoom is not a law firm
instead you just pay one low upfront
price so this is going to save you a ton
of money legal costs are extraordinarily
expensive
check out Legal Zoom is misleading plan
at legalzoom.com right now
and get special savings when you enter
promo code been at checkout again
legalzoom.com enter promo code Bennett
check out Legal Zoom is where life meets
legal let them know we sent you by using
that promo code bed and get their
special deal alrighty so the news of the
day is that the media are just garbage
I'm sorry I've been railing against the
use of the term fake news for years on
this program when it does not apply when
President Trump says that it's fake news
for example that the media are
misreporting his crowd size that's not
fake news but this week I have to tell
you it's an amazingly I'm getting notes
from people I'm getting texts from
people people who did not vote for Trump
in the last election who are now telling
me you're turning me into a Trumpkin the
media are turning me into a huge Donald
Trump fan why because the great arbiters
of truth and decency these wonderful
arbiters of all that is good in the
world it turns out they are abject ly
lying about issues ranging from Hamas to
now ms-13 so the democratic new playbook
I guess for 2018 is defend calm us
defend ms-13 and rip on the NRA that's
the new playbook from the Democrats and
the media are parroting that every step
of the way what am I so hot and bothered
about today well we'll get to the Hamas
coverage in just a second but here's
what I'm really hot and bothered about
today president Trump yesterday was
doing an event with much of sheriff's
from all over the country and one of the
sheriff's mentioned ms-13 and President
Trump responded in this way here's clip
3 we had people coming into the country
of trying to come and we're stopping a
lot of them but we're taking people out
of the country you wouldn't believe how
bad these people these are people these
are animals and we're taking them out of
the country at a level that at a rate
that's never happened before okay so
here is the reality what Trump was
specifically specifically talking about
was ms-13 because the line that led up
to this was a sheriff saying we can't
actually deport ms-13 people they line
leading up to this there's a sheriff
named Mims who said thank you
there could be an ms-13 member I know
about if they don't reach a certain
threshold I cannot tell ice about it and
then Trump responded to the ms-13
reference by saying we have people
coming into the country but we're taking
people out of the country you wouldn't
believe how bad these people are these
aren't people these are animals so how
did the media cover this he's
specifically talking about ms-13 it is
obvious that he's talking about ms-13 it
is clear that he's talking about ms-13
and that's 13 actual tagline I mean this
is their actual marketing lines that our
members
is rape steal control these are not good
people they are in fact as close to
animals as you'll find in human beings
so how did the media report this let me
show you how the media report this
here's the New York Times so this is
what they tweeted out Trump lashed out
at undocumented immigrants during a
White House meeting calling those trying
to breach the country's borders animals
no he didn't he did not lash out at all
illegal immigrants he lashed out at
ms-13 and they are animals there have
been several stories in the last couple
of years about ms-13 members literally
ripping hearts out of bodies while the
people are still alive beheading their
political enemies bringing drugs into
the country and this 13 are some of the
worst people on planet earth if the if
the descriptor animal does not apply to
ms-13 and legitimately applies to no one
and yet the media are trying to plate as
though Trump is not talking about ms-13
instead Trump was talking about illegal
immigrants at large Ellison Trump has
had some bad stuff about illegal
immigration generally and he's been over
brought in his language that's not what
happened here
what happened right here was that he was
ripping on ms-13 and the media decided
to deliberately take him out of context
and it wasn't just the New York Times
it was c-span he was CNN it was the New
York Times it was the Washington Post
they all decided to report this as
though Trump was talking about illegal
immigrants more broadly they were lying
they were lying and these lies have been
very typical of the media this entire
week this entire week we've heard from
the media that innocents were killed on
the border between Gaza and Israel
except for the fact that Hamas admitted
yesterday that 50 of the 62 people
killed were Hamas members and another
three were members of Islamic Jihad so
53 out of the 62 people killed were
active terrorists who worked for active
terrorist groups designated as such by
the State Department and the media
covered it as though this is all Trump's
fault that evil evil Trump and Hamas
bunch of innocent folks and now it's
ms-13 like really this is the Train you
want to jump on media you hate Trump so
much that you're going to deliberately
take him out of context and then you
wonder why we don't trust the media and
one of the great myths about President
Trump is that people on the right don't
like the media because Trump doesn't
like the media nonsense people on the
right like Trump because Trump doesn't
like the media okay we didn't like the
media a long time ago as I said at CPAC
my entire career
we've spent thinking the media are
totally full of it I remember my parents
canceling their subscriptions and Los
Angeles Times in the mid 90s over there
average of Israel the media has always
been egregiously bad but this last week
has been just an incredible
demonstration of how bad they are
and this is why you wonder why people
are resonating to president Trump you
under why because Trump will take a
stand like ms-13
are a bunch of animals or like Hamas is
bad and when they put people in front
let me put terrorists behind human
shields in an attempt to get people
killed for the cameras that's bad and
he's right about both those things and
the media because they hate Trump so
much decide to side with Hamas inside
with ms-13 and then we're supposed to
side with the media we're supposed to
believe the media's narrative about
Trump we're supposed to believe what the
media have to say about truth and honor
and how there's just fire fighters
running to the fire they have no agenda
their objective their truthful bull
bleep okay that is nonsense and
everybody knows that's nonsense no
members of the media you want to regain
your credibility you wonder why the
American people don't trust you because
you don't deserve their trust because
you are not acting in trustworthy
fashion because you are acting in many
cases as fake news and in many other
cases as biased news this is really
egregious stuff this is what's gonna put
people into Trump's camp because this
week I gotta tell you I was thinking
about President Trump and what he did
with regard to Jerusalem and what he's
been saying but I must 13 and and then
I've been watching the media and I gotta
tell you if the media want me to make a
decision between Trump and Hamas that's
not much of a choice that's not much of
a choice I've been very critical of
president Trump's character but you
can't lie about the guy to get him
members of the media get idiots you
can't lie about him he can't fib about
him you can't manipulate events on the
ground you can't ignore the truth about
what's happening all over the world
simply in order slap at President Trump
if you do it's just going to drive
people into Trump's camp let's talk
about top member of the Trump
administration is a few months ago and I
was discussing you know how is Trump
going to win the votes necessary in
order to win reelection like to have a
plan for this because george w bush lost
the popular vote in 2000 by 500,000
votes and then he won by about 1.5
million votes against john kerry but he
had to pick up about 10 to 11 million
votes between 2000 and 2004 in order to
win reelection because the electorate
expands every year well president Trump
lost the popular vote this year by order
this election cycle by about two and a
half million votes that means that he's
going to have to make up probably twelve
million votes in order for him to win
reelection
I said to this member of the Trump
administration how do you plan on
winning 12 million additional votes how
do you plan on bringing a bunch of
people over and there wasn't a great
answer so part of it is gonna be good
policy obviously but part of it is going
to be shifting definitions of Trump well
one of the ways that you can shift the
definition of Trump is not by shifting
who Trump is but by the media making
themselves so much worse than they
already were that you feel like you're
being forced to choose between the media
and Democrats who are lying on a routine
basis and defending the worst people on
the planet and President Trump now
there's a case that was made during the
last election cycle that it was a binary
choice between Hillary Clinton and
President Trump this was not a logical
case that I agreed with I thought there
was a third choice and it was to stay
home but the worst the Democrats get the
worst the media get the more it looks
like a binary choice and the better
Trump governs the more it looks like a
binary choice you want to push people
into Trump's camp guys you are doing an
excellent job that speaking of doing an
excellent job of pushing people into
Trump's camp there's a there's a person
named Juanita Scarlett the money no
Scarlett went to a party at Dom lemons
house okay and Don Lemon had at his
house Errol Lewis who's a commentator at
CNN and Margaret Hoover who's another
commentator at CNN and some lemon news
reporter at CNN and guess who was over
at John lemons house and they all took a
selfie together
he was Michael avenatti hey the lawyer
for stormy Daniels there they are just
grinning right there look at that the
objective journalist grinning with
Michael avenatti now imagine for a
second that say Michael cone had been
invited to Sean Hannity's house you
think people might have gone nuts they
did okay there was that entire week
where all we could talk about was the
fact that Michael Cohen and Sean Hannity
had been discussing issues but somehow
Michael avenatti going to down lemons
house and hanging out there right that's
not a problem at all and then you wonder
why we think the media are not objective
you wonder why so many people are
turning to President Trump and saying
not not interested in in in siding
against Trump and with the media it's
just it's insanity its total insanity
and if the media wish to keep alienating
people maybe they do maybe that's their
goal maybe their goal is to make
President Trump from president for
another term they could do it they could
make it happen all they have to do is
continue being who they are I wrote a
column earlier this week about comedy in
in culture and how the right wing's
response to comedy is not for us to
generate our own comedians it's to elect
from because Trump's a giant middle
finger it's the entire comedic
establishment you make a bunch of trim
the jokes about Trump you make a bunch
of jokes about us well screw you will
elect that guy well the same thing is
true the media remember in 2012 Newt
Gingrich nearly won the Republican
nomination based simply on ripping on an
anchor at one of his debates that's how
much we despise the media and we don't
despise the media for no reason we
despise the media because since 2001
when bias came out by bernard goldberg
there has been a 20-year campaign by the
right against bias in the media and the
media's response has not been to try and
moderate to try and hire some people who
are conservative to try and hire some
people who might balance things out
there a goal has not been to strip out
their own opinions it's been to
exacerbate the involvement of their own
opinions now maybe it helps their
ratings maybe it's good for CNN maybe
it's good for MSNBC
but that just demonstrates once in frog
they care more about ratings than they
do about truth they know or has that
been true then with regard to the
situation along the border in Gaza I'm
going to talk about that in just one
second but first I want to say thanks to
our friends over at my Patriot supply so
tornadoes in the south
three earthquakes in four days in Oregon
Kilauea is erupting in Hawaii no matter
where you live there's always the
possibility of natural disasters
right there's always that possibility
and most of these strike with no warning
the truth is you are the best first
responder the alternative is to wait for
the government and you know that might
not be the best idea because the fact is
that the chances that the government is
going to show up on time not really
great not really great I'll take them a
little while to get you at the very best
this is why you need to get this Ben
Shapiro special offer from my Patriot
supply by one four week emergency food
kit for just 198 bucks and get one for
free again one four week emergency food
kit for just $198 and get one for free
it's a two-for-one so you get buy one
get one free and when you purchase one
right now my patron supply sends you
that additional four week food kit for
free
888 803 1413 order online and prepare
with been calm it's prepared with been
calm the food lasts in storage for
twenty five years and is shipped for
free so you just buy it once and you're
not gonna have to worry about it again
instead he buy it you stick it in the
closet and then you're the most prepared
person on the block go check it out
eight eight eight eight oh three
fourteen thirteen or online at prepare
with been calm that is prepare with been
calm go check it out
you will be very happy that you did okay
so speaking of the media coverage on the
on the Gaza border
there's a piece today from Kinley tor
Paz can leads her Paz is a is a founder
and CEO of the kibbutz Adachi
educational network in Israel and he has
a report at times of Israel on what
actually happened on the border with
Gaza so he says he says I want to
testify to what I saw and heard it was a
tremendous supreme effort from our side
to prevent in every possible way
Palestinian deaths and injuries of
course the primary mission was to
prevent hundreds of thousands of Gazans
from infiltrating into our territory
that kind of invasion would be perilous
mortally dangerous to the nearby
communities would permit terrorists
disguised as civilians to answer our
kyboots and moshav communities and leave
us with no choice but to target every
single infiltrator that's why our
soldiers were directed to prevent
infiltration in a variety of ways using
live ammunition only as a last resort
the IDF employs many creative means of
reducing friction with gaza n--'s and
uses numerous methods most of which are
not made public to prevent them from
reaching the fence in addition over the
past few weeks there have been serious
efforts to save the lives of children
and civilians who have been pushed to
the frontlines by Hamas or trying to
hide behind them in order to infiltrate
and attack Israel when there is no
alternative and live ammunition must be
used to stop those who storm the fence
the soldiers make heroic and sometimes
dangerous efforts not to kill until only
injure those on the other side which is
why I see so many leg wounds on the side
of Hamas the IDF stations senior
commanders at every confrontation point
to ensure that every shot is approved
and backed up by responsible figure with
proper Authority every staging area has
an especially large number of troops in
order to make sure that soldiers are not
put in life-threatening situations where
they'll have no choice but to fire
indiscriminately a situation where
thousands of people rush you is
frightening even terrifying it is
extremely difficult to show restraint
and it requires calm mature
professionalism 62 dead is an enormous
number but I can testify from first-hand
experience every bullet every hit is
carefully reported documented and
investigated in Excel spreadsheets
literally I was there I saw with my own
eyes so again the the media are
reporting this as those an
indiscriminate kill fast over at the
Gaza border even while Hamas is
admitting it was not an indiscriminate
killer over at the Gaza border and the
Israelis didn't have much of a choice
here what do you want everybody to just
run through the border then you have to
mow down hundreds of people 100 people
the media have covered it as though this
is all Israel's fault and the media know
the media know exactly what they are
doing there's no doubt that the media
know exactly what they are saying by the
way speaking of the media malfeasance
the AP has
deleted its tweet from wins from
Wednesday on Trump's animals comments
about immigrants because it wasn't made
clear he was speaking after a comment
about gang members so now the media are
gonna have to walk back all of this in
real time they're gonna have to walk
back all of this in real time again not
shocking but look how the Democrats
played this up when it first came out
Chuck Schumer the Senate Majority Leader
he tweeted out when all of our
great-great-grandparents came to America
they weren't animals and these people
aren't either supposedly referring to
illegal immigrants and when my
great-great grandparents came to America
they didn't join gangs and cut the
hearts out of living human beings I'm
pretty sure Chuck Schumer's didn't
either but the media malfeasance here is
falling right into president Trump's
head so I guess I should be happy about
it
I guess I should be happy it's making
Republicans more popular but I'm more
unhappy about untruth than unhappy about
the effects of the untruth even if they
cut in my favor okay meanwhile there's a
lot of news today breaking in the Moller
case a lot of see a lot of discussion
about what's going on with Rob DeMello
Rudy Giuliani who is Trump's new lawyer
he was on Laura Ingraham show last night
and he said that Robert Muller has now
announced that he will not in fact
indict President Trump if they subpoena
us challenge the subpoena the same
reason they can't indict him
constitutional which Muller agreed today
he's gonna buy no indictment of the
president out but I don't think they
agree to the process question which is
the same reason they can't indict him
they can't issue a subpoena tip and
remember Clinton opposed the subpoena
and then he voluntarily complied he
didn't give up presidential prerogative
and then his administration wrote a memo
saying they can't do that to legally
speaking it is true that the president
could be indicted by robert muller
probably robert miller said look I'd
rather leave this to the political
process as opposed to a criminal
indictment if in fact he has anything
this doesn't mean that President Trump
is off the hook with regard to robert
muller Rudy Giuliani says listen there's
no collusion there's no evidence of
collusion but he does say well there's
kind of evidence that there was intent
to collude but that is not the same
thing as collusion which is of course
exactly what I said on yesterday's show
their inability to reach a conclusion
that is obvious and their unwillingness
to recognize the damage this does to our
country all over the world there's no
reason for this investigation there
never was a good reason for in the first
place
this was engineered by call me with the
with the with the
the report not the report that the
interview thing that he wrote that he
should have never revealed so now I want
to go through the the full news about
what Robert Muller is doing because
there's a lot of news that broke
yesterday on this while the news begins
with the Senate Intel report so
president Trump's son Donald Jr was
responsible for setting up a meeting
with a russian lawyer named natalia
vessel minh skaia at Trump Tower
president of this meeting supposedly
were Jared Kushner I believe Paul
Manafort was present to the meeting if
I'm not mistaken and and other members
top members of the Trump administration
apparently Kushner got up and left at
for about five minutes and there are
other people who are there who also left
realizing that thing was a boondoggle
but the original pitch by the Russian
lawyer and her and her advocate who was
a friend of the Trump family was that
she was going to give them information
about Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump
jr. had written that they were very
excited about that and the email
exchange with with this guy who had been
pitching the Russian lawyer suggested
that the Russian government was
supportive of President Trump in the
election cycle and Trump jr. expressed
his enthusiasm for that well the Senate
interviewed Donald Jr then they released
hundreds of pages of interview
transcript yesterday The Associated
Press reports on it
they say question intently by a Senate
committee president Donald's from son
struck a firmly unapologetic tone
deflected many queries and said he
didn't think there was anything wrong
with meeting Russian lawyer at Trump
Tower in hopes of elections he's in dirt
on Hillary Clinton according to
transcripts released on Wednesday Trump
jr. speaking in a closed-door interview
last year with the Senate Judiciary
Committee said he did not give much
thought to the idea that the June 9 2016
meeting was part of a Russian government
effort to help his father in the
presidential race
he said I don't know that it alarmed me
but like I said I don't know and I don't
know that I was all that focused on it
at the time the committee released about
2,500 pages of interview transcripts and
other documents tied to the New York
meeting which Trump jr. attended the
transcripts also show some new details
and they they show how the meeting was
arranged and efforts afterward to
mitigate the political damage from the
meeting itself the transcripts also
reflect an aggressive Russian outreach
to Trump before and after the New York
meeting including an effort to a range
of follow-up get-together that November
with a member of the transition team the
follow up never happened however
Rob Goldstone who is the the fixer-upper
he promised him very he promised from
jr. very interesting information from a
well-connected Russian lawyer including
documents that would incriminate Hillary
Clinton and Trump jr. responded via
email if it's what you say
that came out last year throughout the
private sent an interview Trump jr. said
he didn't recall if he had talked with
his father about it he didn't really
there was apparently a call in the call
log several days before the meeting took
place with a caller with the block
number Trump jr. said he didn't recall
who the person was and didn't know if
his father used the block number I have
to imagine the molar is going to find
out whether that is the case or not in
any case there is no actual information
that suggests that information passed
hands between the Trump campaign and the
Russian government or that there was
open coordination or covert coordination
between the Russian government and the
Trump campaign however however if you
had this information if this information
was available to Robert Muller or to
James Comey or anybody else it would not
be out of line to launch an
investigation based on this information
okay then there's a lot of talk today
about witch hunt witch hunt witch hunt I
agree there's been no actual evidence
presented to date of serious collusion
between the Trump campaign and everybody
else but that's not the same thing as
saying the investigation itself was
initiated for bad reasons or that it's
been conducted in the wrong way I'll
explain what I mean in just a second
because I think that we have to stick to
the facts as much as we possibly can
when it comes to this Muller
investigation and I want to break it
down for you in just a moment first I
want to say thanks to our sponsor is
over at policy genius so you don't have
life insurance you don't have life
insurance because you thought about it
is that I'm gonna live today I'm gonna
live tomorrow I'm not gonna die ever
well wrong you are one day you will
indeed plotz and when you do you want to
make sure that your family has enough
money to keep on keeping on and that's
why you need to go over to policy genius
80% of people think life insurance costs
double what it actually does it's not
that expensive a healthy 35 year old can
get half a million bucks in coverage for
less than 30 bucks a month
this is totally worthwhile because once
you're dead you don't have the time to
regret it anymore
policy genius is the easy way to compare
life insurance online in just five
minutes you can compare quotes from the
top insurance to find the best policy
for you policy genius has helped over 4
million people shop for insurance placed
over 20 billion dollars in coverage and
they don't just make life insurance easy
they also compare disability insurance
and renters insurance and health
insurance if you care about it then they
can cover it so if you've been thinking
about getting life insurance go to
policy genius com it's the easy way to
compare the top insurers and find the
best policy for you you'll be saving
time money and hassle and it's free
check it out policy genius because
comparing life insurance does not need
to be a pain in the neck check out
policy genius make sure that your family
is protected ok so as I say a bunch of
stories released from the sort of moe
investigation one was the Senate Intel
investigation of Donald Trump were
interview with Donald Trump and this was
supposedly the this this demonstrated
obviously the Donald's from jr. was
interacting with agents of Russia maybe
in an attempt to collude but there's no
actual evidence of collusion then there
was this other big story and this is the
one where a lot of folks on the right I
think are mistreating the situation okay
this story's from the New York Times it
says code name crossfire hurricane the
secret origins of the Trump
investigation now remember the going
theory here is that the FBI under
President Obama was interested in
undermining the Trump campaign during
the campaign by investigating and then
presumably putting out information to
undermine President Trump during the
campaign this is the going theories that
this was all trumped up it was all put
together on kind of spit and glue that
they just decided they were gonna get
Trump in the middle of the election
cycle that they weren't to let Hillary
Clinton off the hook and then they
worked to go after President Trump with
nothing to verify it they work to target
his campaign where he was wired tapped
in the Lords of President Trump that he
was targeted now even if President Trump
was quote-unquote wiretapped he was not
wired tapped at Trump Tower but even if
there was surveillance of particular
members of the Trump campaign like
Carter page that does not necessarily
demonstrate that surveillance was
inappropriate or that anything wrong
happened with the surveillance well the
story from the New York Times yesterday
has a lot of people on the right saying
that there is something deeply nefarious
that was going on at the FBI during the
campaign the biggest question that I
have about this is if you really believe
that the FBI and the CIA and the DOJ are
all working very hard to try and
discredit the Trump campaign and to put
out information that Trump was in in
thrall to Russia then why didn't any of
this information come out during the
campaign you were there I was there if
they wanted to sing Trump during the
campaign wouldn't it have been useful
for them to say that Paul Manafort was
under in was under investigation like
from the very first day wouldn't it have
been useful for them to say that we
suspect that there is collusion between
the Trump campaign and the Russian
government wouldn't that be like a
useful thing to have put out there on a
routine basis because it's consumed the
news cycle ever since but most of this
stuff broke after Trump was actually
elected so if you were inside the
quote-unquote deep state you wanted to
take down Trump there in the election
cycle why wouldn't you put it out early
now the theory is that they didn't put
this out early because it was an
insurance policy in case Trump
I'm president they thought Hillary was
gonna win anyway that makes no sense
that doesn't make any sense it's not
that this was an insurance policy in
case Trump became president now that's
that silly okay instead what it sounds a
lot more like is if in the theory of the
right
these were arsonists they were trying to
set a fire so if you're trying to set a
fire why wait till the guys elected
president to set the fire why not set
the fire in the middle of the campaign
that's question number one question
number two is can you point to any
actual nefarious activity that you would
have objected to if Hillary Clinton had
been the target of it so I have a very
simple rule that I have been using for
years put the shoe on the other foot so
I'm gonna read this story and for a
second I want you to assume that it's
about Hillary Clinton and not Donald
Trump and then think are you angry that
this investigation was going on in the
first place
because I don't want to impugn people's
motives or honor based on partisan
concerns so here it is from the New York
Times within hours of opening
investigation into the Trump campaigns
ties to Russia in the summer of 2016
the FBI dispatched a pair of agents to
London on a mission so secretive that
all but a handful of officials were kept
in the dark their assignment which has
not been previously reported was to meet
the Australian ambassador who had
evidence that one of Donald Trump's
advisers knew in advance about Russian
election meddling after tense
deliberations between Washington and
Canberra top Australian officials broke
with diplomatic protocol and allowed the
Ambassador Alexander Downer to sit for
an FBI interview to describe his meeting
with the campaign adviser George
papadopolis the agent summarized their
highly unusual interview and sent word
to Washington on August 2nd 2016
two days after the investigation was
open the report helped provide the
foundation for a case that a year ago
Thursday became the special in account
investigation but at the time a small
group of FBI officials knew it by its
codename crossfire hurricane that's in
the name was a reference to the the
Rolling Stones lyric I was born at
crossfire hurricane because obviously
now everybody was under investigation so
his crossfire hurricane
well days after they closed their
investigation into Hillary Clinton's use
of a private email server agents began
scrutinizing the campaign of her
Republican rival the two cases have
become inextricably linked in one of the
most consequential periods in the
history of the FBI this month the DOJ is
expected to release the findings of its
lengthy the review of the FBI's conduct
in the Clinton case and the results are
sure to renew debate over James Comey
and the FBI all of those questions I
think are perfectly legit but here's
what people are really worried about ok
those decisions stands in contrast to
the FBI's handling of crossfire
hurricane
only two agents in that case fall back
to their typical policy of silence but
interviews with a dozen current and
former government officials and a review
of documents show that the FBI was even
more circumspect in that case than has
been previously known many of the
officials spoke on condition of
anonymity because they were not
authorized to discuss the investigation
publicly agents considered then rejected
interviewing key Trump associates which
might have sped up the investigation but
risked revealing the existence of the
case top officials quickly became
convinced that they would not solve the
case before Election Day which made them
only more hesitant to act when agents
did take both investigative steps like
interviewing the ambassador they were
shrouded in secrecy fearful of leaks
they kept details from political
appointees across the street at the DOJ
Stan were telling the goj fearful that
all this stuff was going to leak the
facts had they leaked might have
devastated the Trump campaign Trumpton
future national security advisor Mike
Flynn was under investigation as was
Paul Manafort one adviser appeared to
have Russian intelligence contact that
would be Papadopoulos another was
suspected of being a Russian agent
himself that would be Carter Paige
the FBI faces a lot of criticism but
here is the actual story right buried in
the buried deep in this New York Times
piece crossfire hurricane spawned a case
that has brought charges against former
Trump officials and more than a dozen
Russians but in the final months of 2016
agents faced great uncertainty about
facts and how to respond so crossfire
hurricane began exactly 100 days before
the presidential election but if agents
were eager to investigate mr. Trump's
campaign as Trump has suggested the
messages do not reveal it I cannot
believe we are seriously looking at
these allegations and the pervasive
connection struck wrote as Peter struck
who is the one of the FBI agents whose
anti-trump soon after returning from
London the mood in early meetings was
anxious former officials were called
agents had just closed the Clinton
investigation they braced for months of
republican-led hearings over why she was
not charged crossfire a hurricane was
built around the same core of agents and
analysts who investigated mrs. Clinton
none was eager to reenter presidential
politics former officials said
especially when the agents did not know
what would come of the Australian
information so the FBI investigated for
unidentified Trump campaign aides in the
early months they were Mike Flynn Paul
Manafort Carter Page George papadopolis
Flynn had been paid forty five thousand
bucks by the Russian opera by the
Russian government's media arm the BRT
for a 2015 speech and dined with
Vladimir Putin manna Ford of course has
deep and abiding ties with the Russian
government via Ukraine
Carter page was well known to the FBI
because he'd been privy
recruited by Russian spies and there was
Papadopoulos the young inexperienced
campaign aide whose wine fueled
conversation with the Australian
ambassador set off the investigation
before hats democratic emails appeared
online he'd seemed to know that Russia
had political dirt on mrs. Clinton so if
you recall Papadopoulos had apparently
died with a London professor who's an
agent of Moscow who said that he had
access to all these emails and then
Papadopoulos was talking to the
Australian ambassador and he said by the
way I know that the Russians have these
emails and so the Australian ambassador
called up the FBI and they said um guys
Russia's interfering in your election
and then the FBI went over and
interviewed this guy so does it sound
like the FBI has done anything wrong in
investigating these people are you
looking at all the information looking
at what they knew at the time let's say
that it'd been Hillary Clinton and a top
campaign aide to Hillary Clinton let's
say that Hillary Clinton's future
national security advisors have been
paid by Russia today let's say that
Hillary Clinton's campaign chair had
been deep in bed with Vladimir Putin
let's say that a low-level
foreign policy staffer had been working
with the Russians to bring across
material about Donald Trump would you
have said the FBI ought to investigate
that of course would have said the FBI
ought to investigate that because the
FBI ought to investigate that right I
mean they didn't do anything wrong
in launching the investigation as far as
I can tell even if you believe that they
use shoddy information to go after
Carter page that is a slightly different
contention than saying the entire
investigation never should have been
launched that was a witch hunt from the
very beginning okay now what exactly did
they do
apparently they said that they had
embedded an informant deep in this piece
it says the FBI obtained phone records
and other documents using National
Security Letters a secret type of
subpoena official said and at least one
government informant meant several times
with Carter page and George papadopolis
current and former officials said this
has become a politically contentious
point with mr. Trump's allies
questioning whether the FBI was spying
on the Trump campaign or trying to
entrap campaign officials but the real
question again is were they not
aggressive enough were they too
aggressive I understand the the sort of
right wing talking point that the FBI
was out to get Trump but it doesn't wash
for me
Kimberly's frassle makes the strongest
case over The Wall Street Journal she
says a few important points on their new
New York Times hurricane crossfire piece
a story that by the way all of us
following knew this had to be coming
this is the DOJ FBI leakers attempt to
get out in front of the facts that Devin
Nunez is forcing out to make it not
sound
don't buy it it's bad the biggest take
away government sources admit that
indeed the Obama DOJ and FBI spied on
the Trump campaign spied because she
saying they had an informant NYT slips
in confirmation far down and it's story
that makes it out like it isn't a big
deal it is a very big deal in
self-serving desire to get a sympathetic
story about its actions DOJ FBI leakers
are willing to provide you get more
details about that top-secret source
namely that the spine was aimed at page
and Papadopoulos making it all more
certain that they will be outed which is
on them DOJ and the FBI have shredded
what little credibility they have in
claiming they cannot comply what Devin
Nunes is subpoena so Devin Nunez the
chair of the House Intelligence
Committee he subpoenaed the DOJ and the
FBI for all the information about the
Trump campaign investigation basically
and they've not been turning any of this
over saying that it's dangerous for them
to turn it over they should turn it over
this is a congressional oversight
committee if it gets leaked that's on
the Congressional Oversight Committee
but the Oversight Committee exists for a
reason
Kimberly's wrassle continues back in
December the New York Times assured us
it was Papadopoulos downer convo
that inspired a FBI to launch
counterintelligence operation on July
31st 2016
that would be the conversation between
Papadopoulos the the low-level foreign
policy adviser and the Australian
ambassador this was convenient since it
diminished the role of the dossier
however now New York Times tells us FBI
did not debrief downer until August 2nd
and noonas said no official intelligence
from allies was delivered to FBI about
that conversation prior to July 31st so
how did the FBI get those details and
what really did inspire the CI
investigation okay so now the
implication that she is drawing is that
the real reason that the investigation
was launched was not this meeting
between the Australian ambassador and
George papadopolis it was not
Papadopoulos that launched the Russia
collusion investigation and what
originally launched it was the
politically motivated dossier that had
been paid for by fusion GPS at the
behest of the Hillary Clinton campaign
that still does not answer the question
as to whether everything in that Tasi a
is false okay that is still not been
confirmed for people who say the dossier
is all lies all untruths there's a bunch
of stuff in there that is probably
untrue there are some stuff in there
that is probably not untrue and it's a
mistake to simply dismiss facts because
it's more convenient for the narrative
to do so finally Kimberly stressfull
says on that if you are wondering who
narrated this story no paragraphs that
assure everybody that hardly anyone in
the DOJ knew about the probe Owen Comey
was given few details nobody knew
nothing so he says that the basis she's
basically suggesting that they're a
bunch
people who are involved in this
nefarious plan to take out Trump I am
not seeing the evidence that there are a
lot of people involved in nefarious plan
to take out president from now I will
tell you in one second what the
nefarious plan actually was like where
it actually gotten affairs I don't think
got nefarious during the campaign I do
think it got nefarious after the
campaign I'll explain in just a second
first you're gonna have to go over to
Daley wired.com and subscribe so for
$9.99 a month you can subscribe to daily
wire comm when you do I really awesome
giveaway right now so if you described
today like now as in right now if you
subscribe right now then you can get one
of those last VIP tickets for Dallas or
Phoenix because tonight it's open to
everybody and that means that the chance
of you getting those tickets are a lot
lower so if you subscribe right now for
$9.99 a month you have a chance at the
VIP tickets and getting your tickets
early to the big event that is coming up
in August in in Phoenix in Dallas so
check that out also you can get the rest
of the show live tomorrow we have the
mailbag you want to ask me questions in
the mailbag I'll only answer the other
if you pay me that's the way it works so
check it out at daily we're calm when
you subscribe for $9.99 a month also the
annual subscription is $99 a year and
you get this the very greatest in
beverage vessels leftist tears hot or
cold tumblr look at its magnificence
gaze upon its beauty and mourn that you
have not one check it out $99 a year and
you can have one and then you will be
refreshed both in body and in soul so
check that out right now
I also just want to listen later for
free go over to iTunes go over to
YouTube please subscribe please leave us
a review it always helps we are the
largest fastest-growing in terms of
podcast in the nation and also please
check out daily wire over at Apple news
because Apple news does indeed have all
of our stories over there as well
all righty so as I say I am not fully
convinced that this New York Times story
about hurricane crossfire is this
damning indictment of the FBI or the CIA
and the FBI and CIA launched this
investigation on zero grounds and it was
always a witch-hunt designed to take
down President Trump in the same way I
don't believe the Russian story I also
don't believe the FBI collusion story
that the FBI was colluding to take down
Trump I just don't buy it now the DOJ is
a different story right this is why I
think it's important to know who in the
DOJ knew what when because Loretta
Lynch's DOJ was corrupt through and
through just as Eric Holder's DOJ was
corrupt through and through the Obama
DOJ was just the most Eisley of law
enforcement it was it was a wretched
hive of scum and villainy the Obama DOJ
is just a garbage place but that's a
different story than the FB i-- and CI
should they've launched an investigation
again if Hillary Clinton had been
surrounded by a bunch of people who
appeared to be trying to do business
with the Russians and then Chelsea
Clinton had had a meeting with a Russian
lawyer promising dirt on Donald Trump
we'd all be like yeah I'm glad there's
an investigation going on so I don't buy
the the investigation was launched under
for orient nonsensical reasons I don't
buy that now here's where it does get
dirty I think after the election
happened then a bunch of deep Staters
meaning Obama holdovers inside the FBI
and CIA decided you know it'd be awesome
it'd be great to undermine Trump's
presidency by leaking out all of this
information now this is the excuse that
they use for leaking is that Trump was
gonna come in who's gonna shut down the
investigation and destroy the
possibility of us uncovering all this
collusion yeah I think the reality is
more like there are a bunch of people
who are ticked that Hillary had lost
they did not expect Hillary to lose they
could not believe that this dunderheaded
Trump was president and they were going
to undermine him from day one by leaking
a bunch of information that really was
not criminal it was not criminal for
Michael Flynn to be talking to the
Russian ambassador circuitously Act that
was not a criminal act when he lied to
the FBI that was criminal but it is not
criminal for him to be on the phone with
Sergey kis lyac about sanctions against
Israel for example that's silly but
that's all the stuff that was leaking I
do think there are Obama holdovers who
are leaking that sort of stuff and I
think that it is Obama holdovers who are
now leaking a lot of the stuff with
regard to Michael Cohen I want to
discuss in just a second the situation
with Michael Cohen because they're a
bunch of scurrilous leaks about Cohen
that are coming out that I don't know
why in the world they would be breaking
except for relatively nefarious reasons
so here's the story
today it turns out that there's a long
article by Ronan Farrow over at The New
Yorker about about the the Michael Cohen
financial file so there's a couple of
stories about Michael Cohen that have
come out in the last 24 hours one is
from The Washington Post says a wonk a
California man who says he served as a
translator last year for Michael Cohen
and a South Korean aerospace firm that
paid Cohen's company 150 grand said
Tuesday that FBI agents recently
interviewed him Marco said in an email
to the Washington Post he spoke with the
FBI about the arrangement a few weeks
ago Co declined to provide details about
investigators enquiries said he was
unsure whether the agents were part of
the probe led by special counsel robert
muller so apparently cohen was trying to
go after her south korean cache and now
there's a story from the intercept which
is very anti Trump outlet saying in the
blink of a Mike 1190 tweet I'll commit
all room.i he has suddenly found himself
internet-famous it began on Sunday
evening when the attorney for adult film
star stormy Daniels posted a screenshot
of video footage from Trump's Tower
Lobby recorded on December 12 2016 viral
speculation followed with an online
detectives identifying all rumah he the
former head of a 100 billion dollar wing
of the Qatari sovereign wealth fund in
the image and linking him to a Qatar
Russia deal to sell a portion of the oil
company Rosneft which had been
referenced in the steel dossier from
their slate took over headlining a piece
Michael cones meeting with Michael Flynn
and a Qatari diplomat might be the key
to unlocking the steel dossier the
suggestion being that Qatar was trying
to bribe Michael Cohen to broker
basically a business deal for the sale
of roth's of Rosneft apparently Audra
Mike he said the Cohen asked him for an
upfront fee of 1 million dollars for his
services in the midst of their
conversation about a potential Qatari
investment in u.s. infrastructure the
question is how's Michael Evan Eddie
getting all this stuff right how is it
that all of these news outlets are
obtaining the financial records of
Michael Cohen and according to Ronan
Farrow the answer is that did somehow
people were afraid that these documents
were gonna be destroyed now this was the
same excuse that was being used with
regard to the leaks about the Muller
investigation before was the Muller
investigation was just the FBI
investigation into Russian collusion
excuse for leaks was Trump's gonna come
in he's gonna destroy all the documents
Trump's gonna come in he's gonna shut
down James Comey in the FBI Trump's
gonna come in and all this is gonna come
to a screeching halt so we got a leak
this stuff I got to preserve the
information and distribute it well now
they're doing the same thing with regard
to Michael Cohen's financial records
there's only one problem
there's not really a threat that Mike
Cullens financial records are
disappearing Benjamin witness okay who's
a senior fellow at the Brookings
Institute and the editor of law fair
blog he is not a Trump acolyte he says
quote I've been thinking about this New
Yorker story on financial records
missing from a government database I
don't want to rain on anybody's parade
here but colored me at least a little
bit skeptical assume for a moment that
some records of Cohn's transactions are
in fact missing that doesn't mean the
transactions themselves have disappeared
only the Treasury Department's record of
the back reports on the transactions are
gone from the database so when Bob
Muller or the SD NY the Southern
District of New York subpoenas the bank
as they surely have done already for the
records of all Cohn's transactions those
transaction records will still be there
and they'll be turned over moreover the
banks sure the bank surely still has
records of the transactions themselves
so I doubt very much there's a material
loss to Mullah or the SD NY in any
pending investigation even if there has
been in fact some data loss within the
government nor ever was such a data loss
to be discovered and the destruction
were intentional malicious that be
traceable and that would be prosecutable
presumably so and then this excuse that
is being used to go after Michael Cohen
is obviously an excuse as well so this
is why I say it's not that there's no
corruption it's that the corruption is
not where you are looking for the
corruption the corruption is in the
links the corruption is in distributing
information to the press that should not
be in the hands of the press the the
corruption is in the post-election
attempt to destroy Donald Trump by
leaking a bunch of information that has
not been confirmed that has not been
verified and that has not been traced to
any sort of real collusion that's the
real problem here not the investigation
itself it's in the investigation itself
I think was probably generated along
correct lines
we'll see how it was how it was pursued
it is possible that prosecutors were
overzealous and how they pursued it with
regard to for example the Carter page
FISA warrant we'll find that out so
Devon Nunez believes he believes that
the the going theory is that the FBI and
the CIA were basically working to go
after the Trump campaign and malicious
fashion by garnering warrants on
scoreless bases in order to discredit
well the Carter page FISA warrant came
about after the election so maybe that's
true maybe there's a possibility of that
that's not the same thing as saying the
investigation itself was launched in in
nasty fashion or for no reason at all
it's not the same thing as saying the
entire investigation is inherently
tainted that that's a different argument
and I think we ought to be very specific
about these arguments that we can be as
factual as possible none of this of
course means that actual collusion took
place there was intent to Kalu
on the part of Donald Trump jr. pretty
clearly but that is not the same thing
as a crime because collusion itself has
a statutory definition that includes
conspiracy and the conspiracy just
doesn't exist here there's no
information changing hands there's no
impact on the election and therefore
there's not a lot to say about it other
than an attempt to discredit Trump and
his victory in the first place okay
meanwhile the Democrats continue to
struggle for air so their generic ballot
lead is now down to four point seven
percent in the latest Real Clear
Politics poll average this is because
the Democrats have staked everything on
the Russia investigation what's amazing
about the Democrats is how dumb they are
so after Trump was elected if the
Democrats had any brains at all what
they could have done is they could have
come around and said hey you know mr.
president you seem like a pretty swell
guy and you get a lot of money to us in
the past and we feel like we can work
with you you're a good guy and York guy
we can get some deals done sure here
look let's just do some nationalized
health care just a little bit let's see
some nationalized health care the chance
of the Trump sign that would have been
about 53% okay because Trump is not an
ideological conservative he's governed
as a conservative one of the reasons he
has governed as a conservative is
because the Democrats have decided that
he is Satan and he must be destroyed
from without well they have nothing else
to offer other than we hate Trump and
Russia and Michael a vanetti and stormy
Daniels stormy Daniels by the way who is
making a literal bare ass of herself I
mean she is she's literally gonna go to
a there's a apparently a statue of
President Trump naked in Seattle or
something and she's gonna go do a lap
dance with the naked statue of Trump I
can't imagine why people aren't taking
the stormy Daniel stuff seriously it
seems to me that she was a very serious
person deserving of nothing but
intellectual respect and also yes she's
gonna go spank a naked statue with a
magazine but other than that I think
that totally yes Michael a vanetti sure
he's threatening journalists online
quarterly reporting on him but I think
that he's a real legit figure these are
all real legit people the Democrats have
staked their entire fortune and and and
their political fate on Michael Evan
Eddie and stormy Daniels good luck with
that well they don't really have much
choice because their alternative is to
say things like keith ellison so keith
Ellison who is almost the head of the
DNC Democratic Representative for
Minnesota he actually made the case
yesterday we got to regulate employer
pay so you have a booming economy
incomes are rising like in real terms
they're rising the economy is reaching
historic heights and keith ellison
solution is
we should use the government to force
employers to pay particular wages on the
upper end and the lower end yeah I can't
imagine why people don't trust Democrats
from the government I mean this is not a
big secret to shareholders and not a big
secret to boards of directors
don't you need direct government
eventually are you favoring the
government actually regulating the
relationship between CEO pays and the
average worker I think it's a very good
idea and I think we should start talking
about it okay so great I'm glad the
Democrats are coming out of the woodwork
well done guys just keep going keep
going it's amazing there's so far to the
left that they don't even understand
there they're blowing their greatest
opportunity for re-entry to power that
they've had in quite a while okay time
for some things I like and then some
things I hate and then a quick Bible
review so things I like so yesterday or
Sunday I believe Tom Wolfe died the
novelist Tom Wolfe there's another
really terrible death today Richard
Richard pipes who's a terrific historian
of Russia oh I'll recommend one of his
books tomorrow on the show probably but
Tom Wolfe was of course one of the great
nonfiction journalists of the 20th
century is also a very good novelist his
first huge book was bonfire of the
vanities as I said yesterday the first
half of this book is just tremendous the
second half the book it kind of bogs
down a little bit but the first half you
read it as a conservative like wow this
is this is a gutsy book and then the
book begins with a kind of yuppie
leftist liberal character driving into a
heavily black area and being and being
so afraid of crime that he promptly runs
over a black guy near his car and then
he hit and runs him and the and the book
begins with an attempted race riot by
now Sharpton character it's just it's an
intense book it's an intense book go
check out bonfire of the vanities Tom
Wolfe is always a great social satirist
and this obviously is evidence in Vaughn
fire the vanity so check that out okay
other things that I like well one of the
things that is obvious about the Trump
administration's decision to move the
embassy in Israel to Jerusalem is that
this should actually facilitate peace
because it may take off the table an
area of contention that should not be an
area of contention Israel is not going
to stop existing Israel is not going to
give up Jerusalem Bibi Netanyahu makes
that point yesterday on Vice
vice of course their coverage of Israel
has been absolutely egregiously awful
but here's Bibi Netanyahu making what is
a very fine point on Vice because a
piece that's based on lies will crash on
the rocks of Middle East reality
and it's time to to tell the
Palestinians abandon your fantasy of
destroying Israel that in the fantasy
that we will conquer Jerusalem abandon
the fantasy that says Israel disappears
it will not good well they he's exactly
right the left would prefer a false
peace based on false promises than they
would a real piece based on realities on
the ground because then they don't get
to paint their false moral picture of
what's actually happening in the Middle
East okay time for a quick thing that I
hate so good news the Democrats can't
call Hamas terrorists they say that
there was much innocent people shot on
the border even after Hamas suggested
that it was not as a bunch of Hamas
terrorists they won't call ms-13
terrorists or or animals they'll say
that that ms-13 they're just a bunch of
natural illegal immigrants I guess I
mean I I don't know how else to take
their interpretation of President
Trump's comments and now debbie
Wasserman Schultz has labeled the real
terrorists she's she did an interview
with The Huffington Post and she says
quote the NRA is kind of just shy of a
terrorist organization they've done
everything they can to perpetuate the
culture of violence that we have in our
country with the spread of assault
weapons across the nation good job
Democrats well done so just to get this
straight Hamas not terrorists ms-13 not
animals NRA members terrorists no you're
not alienating the American public at
all
you're not alienating the American
public at all when you say that
law-abiding gun owners are the real
terrorists but Hamas terrorists who use
babies as human shields are not
terrorists by the way there's that story
about an eight month old baby that died
in the in the crossfire in Gaza well or
what died after after being exposed to
tear gas and the question asked
yesterday is why that baby was anywhere
near the tear gas in the first place he
takes a baby to a protest where you know
that that it's a riot essentially who
does that beyond that there's a doctor
who's now reporting and they they
actually died of a pre-existing medical
condition so it had nothing to do with
the tear gas in the first place didn't
stop the media from reporting it they
buried it in paragraph 15 I believe of a
New York Times report yesterday so well
done media all the way through yes you
want to talk about political
polarization it started before Trump it
will last after Trump the left is
pushing it in a really heavy way it
ain't just Trump who's is the who's the
creator of the sort of political
polarization we're seeing okay so it's a
Thursday which means that I'm going to
do a little bit of Bible talk normally
Wednesday Wednesday light tough deal
with it so we're going through the Bible
yes last week we did the first chapter
of Joshua so I'm going through it
chapter by chapter because we've already
gone through the five books of Moses we
did that I think last year so now we're
going through this story of Joshua -
Joshua - is the story of raka raka was
the the whore that was in in Jericho and
Joshua and the Jews invade the land and
when they get to Jericho which is a
walled city Joshua and some of his other
spies they go into what some of the
spies of Joshua they go into rock hubs a
whorehouse essentially and the and
people are looking for them and they and
she advises them on how they can get
into the city and she says now that I'm
advised on how to get in the city and
how I'm going to hide you and she hides
them then I'm going to I'm going to need
your protection and here's what it says
this is Joshua 2:8 before the spies lay
down for the night she went up on the
roof and said to them I know that the
Lord has given you this land and that a
great fear of you has fallen on us so
that all who live in this country are
melting in fear because of you we have
heard how the Lord dried up the water of
the Red Sea for you when he came out of
Egypt and what you did to see Holman and
oak the two kings of the Amorite east of
the Jordan whom you completely destroyed
when we heard of it our hearts melted
and fear and everyone's courage failed
because of you for the Lord your God is
God in heaven above and on the earth
below the reason that I read this is
because it's actually a really bad
description of why you ought to believe
in God there is this you know the reason
that she is saying that people are
believing in God is because God is
demonstrating his mastery through human
beings it is a bad reason to believe in
God however it is also a very common
reason to believe in God and putting the
fear of God in someone is not just a
phrase putting the fear of God and
someone requires Western civilization to
stand up for itself it is not just
enough for you to say my principle - my
principles and I stand here on my
principles when you are fighting evil
people you have to protect yourself when
you are fighting evil people you have to
demonstrate that you are capable of
winning that is why what is realistic
why what America does in the world it
matters it matters on a military level
ok the proof truthful propositions are
not self-evident and for the vast
majority of people over the vast
majority of history they've not been
self-evident that does not mean you
should be an aggressor it does mean that
if you strongly defend your own values
either rhetorically or if you're put
under threat physically people are more
likely to believe that what you're
saying is true ok we'll be back here
tomorrow with all the latest and with
the mailbag I'm Ben Shapiro this is the
Ben Shapiro show
the Ben Shapiro show is produced by
Sonia Villarreal executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover and our technical producer is
Austin Stevens edited by Alex and Garo
audio is mixed by Mike Carmina hair and
makeup is by Jess wah of era the Ben
Shapiro show is a daily wire for word
publishing production copyright Ford
publishing 2018
