the big story of the day obviously is
that President Trump the Trump
administration they have now moved the
u.s. embassy to Jerusalem they they
unveiled from this giant seals beautiful
seal Ivanka Trump Jared Kushner they
were both there they both spoke Benjamin
Netanyahu spoke at this president Trump
did not attend but he sent a message
from abroad here's what it looked like
when President Trump paid homage to the
new embassy in Jerusalem today we
officially opened the United States
Embassy in Jerusalem congratulations
it's been a long time coming
Israel is a sovereign nation with the
right like every other sovereign nation
to determine its own capital yet for
many years we fail to acknowledge the
obvious the plain reality that Israel's
capital is Jerusalem and we extend a
hand in friendship to Israel the
Palestinians and to all of their
neighbors may there be peace may God
bless this embassy may God bless all who
serve there and may God bless the United
States of America okay Benjamin
Netanyahu the Prime Minister of Israel
he also spoke in so it was very grateful
obviously to president Trump for making
this move again this had been approved
by Congress as early as 1995 so for 23
years okay it has been the law of the
land in the United States that they come
that the embassy was supposed to move to
Jerusalem Clinton chickened out george w
bush chickened out barack obama
chickened out Donald Trump did not and
finally the embassy was in fact moved to
Jerusalem which is just a recognition of
simple facts the only reason anyone
cares about Jerusalem or has ever cared
about Jerusalem is because the Jews
cared about Jerusalem first here is
Benjamin Netanyahu Prime Minister of
Israel talking about it we have no
better friends in the world you stand
for Israel and you stand for Jerusalem
thank you what a glorious day remember
this moment
this is history President Trump by
recognizing history you have made this
street and that obviously is true look
it's an emotional moment for anyone who
is Jewish
honestly like anyone who cares about
Judaism anyone is Christian and cares
about the New Testament anybody who
cares about the history of Jerusalem
this should be an emotional historic
moment because the reality is that the
fellow the fulfillment of Jewish control
over Jerusalem was achieved in 1967 the
fulfillment of the creation or
recreation of a Jewish state in Israel
was fulfilled in 1948 but the
recognition by the United States that
this is the reality puts to bed this
idiotic myth that somehow Jerusalem was
not Jewish
