Democrats are confused why President
Trump's foreign policy seems to be
working the media experts demonstrate
they know nothing about gender or babies
and we checked the mailbag i'm ben
shapiro this is the ben shapiro show
so time coming up on today's show plus
I'm gonna tell you a little bit later in
the show who our special guest is for
our Sunday special it's somebody that
you know somebody that I think that you
will like our lineup is really good
we've been starting to reach out to a
lot of folks for the Sunday special and
the guests that we're having a really
first-rate but before I get to any of
today's news first I want to say thanks
to our sponsors over at Birch gold so
bird school is the place to go if you
are interested in diversifying a little
bit of your portfolio obviously the
stock market is doing really well the
dollar is quite strong right now all of
that is wonderful but things change and
this is why you should hedge your bets
at least a little bit and have some of
your money in precious metals that's
what Birch gold can do for you they are
the company I trust with precious metal
purchases and right now thanks for a
little-known IRS tax law you can even
move your IRA or eligible 401k into an
IRA backed by physical gold and silver
they have a long-standing track record
of continued success with thousands of
satisfied clients countless five-star
reviews an A+ rating with the Better
Business Bureau ask all of your
questions to my friends over at Birch
gold group and when you call them up
right now when you contact them and get
a free information kit on physical
precious metals this comprehensive 16
page kit shows how gold and silver can
protect your savings hey can legally
move that IRA or 401k out of stocks and
bonds into a precious metals and
precious metals IRA to get that no cost
no obligation kit right now go to
birchgold.com slash been birchgold.com /
been if you are interested in hedging
your bets if you're interested in
hedging against inflation or the
possibility of corruption in the
government or just volatility generally
it's not a bad idea to have at least a
little bit of your money in precious
metals birchgold.com / menus that slash
pen so they know that we sell you okay
so president romans had a very good week
on foreign policy a very good week on
foreign policy first of all there was
the removal of the United States from
the Iran deal which was as I have said
many times a very strong move a useful
move also president Trump was able to
bring home three American citizens who
had been held captive in North Korea
they thanked him for it all of this very
good for president Trump and Democrats
are sort of baffled by all of this they
don't understand why is it that Donald
Trump this rube the supposed innit why
is it that his foreign policy seems to
be achieving greater results than Barack
Obama's awful foreign policy which was
based very much on the idea of a world
working together where we reach out our
hands in
open-hand and we never threaten no we
never threaten if we do threaten we
don't really mean it like in Syria but
instead what we really should do is we
should all just hug it out why is it the
trunk Donald Trump's view is working
better and why does it resonate more
with Americans why is it you can see the
puzzlement on the faces of the folks in
the media they just cannot understand
why it is the Donald Trump seems to be
succeeding in this way the latest
indicator comes courtesy of NBC's Hallie
Jackson so Haley Jackson was covering
president Trump's photo-op with the with
the Koreans who with the American
citizens in North Korea who had been
released and Trump went to meet them on
the tarmac at like 2:00 a.m. 3:00 a.m.
and then he spoke about it and watch
NBC's coverage here because it truly is
amazing when you juxtapose this coverage
with the coverage of the media at Bowe
Bergdahl's release back to the United
States by Isis you recall that Bowe
Bergdahl had been taken prisoner rather
by al Qaeda
and you recall that the President of the
United States traded five top terrorists
for Bowe Bergdahl who was in fact a
traitor it turns out that that he was
being tried for desertion and Bowe
Bergdahl this is treated as a wonderful
thing you know Barack Obama have photo
op in the Rose Garden with Bowe
Bergdahl's parents talking about how
wonderful it was to bring Bowe Bergdahl
home this American Hero bringing him
home Obama didn't call me hero other
members of his administration did and
the media covered this straight they
they could look at look at what Barack
Obama did that's just so magnificent
it's so wonderful what there was no
question that these particular American
citizens were not in fact deserters from
the American military we didn't have to
trade terrorists to get the meth but
watch NBC's coverage here's Haley
Jackson but what was striking was that
this was wasn't Donald Trump's a former
reality show producer this was a staged
production meant for television meant
for the cameras meant to be shown and
seen here in this country and around the
world you had floodlights lighting up
this 30 by 50 foot American flag hanging
in between two ladder trucks as the
plane carrying these men rolled in this
moment when the president and first lady
holding hands went up the stairs
spending six minutes in private
conversation and then unexpectedly
because we didn't think that was gonna
happen unexpectedly coming over with
these men and taking a number of
questions from reporters who had
gathered around in front yelling
questions okay look at that look at that
photo op that staged photo op how
terrible that photo op you mean like the
exact
photo-op that Barack Obama did in the
Rose Garden with Bowe Bergdahl's parents
to announce the return of a deserter in
exchange for terrorists you mean like
that photo op that the media didn't call
a photo op and if you'd said it was a
photo op no you were not allowed to say
whose photo was bad to say that it was a
photo op because obviously listen the
President of the United States that
pointing who's well deserving with a
victory lap listen are these old photo
ops of course their photo ops of course
it's a photo op when President Trump
goes on the tarmac to meet with people
at 2:00 a.m. that's a photo op if I were
to meet somebody at 2:00 a.m. the only
reason I would do that is for a photo op
I'm not even sure I would meet members
of my family at 2:00 a.m. on a tarmac
and it's really early in the morning I
need my sleep but but for the media to
critique this by saying oh look at Trump
he's a reality show producer this is
what's so funny the media can't
understand how a reality TV guy became
president of the United States because
he was the second reality TV guy to
become presidents of the United States
the first was Barack Obama all of these
photo ops all the scripted nonsense
existed from Barack Obama to the media
just refused to call it out and then
there's John Brennan John Brennan is
former CIA director under Barack Obama
and he says that Kim jong-un is
obviously Duke President Trump how does
he know that Kim jong-un has duped
President Trump well he doesn't but he
was there when Barack Obama was being
duped by the Iranians he used to be he
was there when North Korea was duping
Barack Obama but but apparently he knows
better he knows now that Donald Trump
was duped by the North Koreans how does
he know because Donald Trump got to have
a photo op and if he got a photo op that
means that Trump must have given up
something awful in in exchange oh I
think he is very smartly and very
masterfully kim-jong escalated and saber
rattled so that he could then switch and
appear much more accommodating and
present a more peaceful face and so now
we've gone from mr. Trump calling him
Rocket Man and sick puppy to honorable
and nice okay well did it ever occur to
John Brennan that Donald Trump does that
as a as a fig leaf for his actual policy
Donald Trump says a lot of things and
then again you could put this on down
Trump's epitaph the dude said a lot of
stuff Donald Trump says a lot of things
but the question is what he actually
does and this is what the American
people are starting to recognize about
President Trump that despite and maybe
because of all the pyrotechnics because
of all the craziness it is sometimes
possible to ignore all of the good
things that are happening and you can
see that the folks
on MSNBC don't understand this I do
appreciate the the silliness of the host
there refers to Kim Jeong RunAs hoon
that's not the way that Korean names
work his name is Kim read his last name
is Kim but in any case John Brennan you
know making the case that Donald Trump
is being duped by the North Koreans with
no evidence that he's actually being
duped by the North Koreans to this point
other than Donald Trump said something
on a tarmac about these people being
treated very nicely by Kim Jong loon
which obviously was untrue Trump says a
lot of stuff right file that one at
Trump says a lot of stuff but for a guy
who's a dupe he seems to be doing pretty
decently at this and at least he's
surrounding himself with people who are
certainly not being duped now speaking
of Democrats who say that Trump is being
duped Nancy Pelosi she of the moving
dentures she suggested that President
Trump had failed in his oath to protect
and defend the United States by pulling
out of the Iran deal very very sad we
take an oath to protect and defend that
is our first responsibility I do not
think the president is honoring that
oath by what he did well okay so he's
not honoring his of what exactly is the
aute that he's not honoring I mean the
oath to uphold the Constitution which
was a step which was openly breached by
pushing the Iran deal
the Iran's goal was not a treaty the
arange goal is an executive agreement
between Barack Obama and the Iranian
government it was not approved by the
Senate in order for treaty to be
approved by the Senate you need at least
60 votes to approve that treaty in the
Senate did not get 60 votes in the
Senate and had a 21 percent approval
rating among the American public at the
time that it was passed when John Harkes
made a great point over a commentary he
said one of the reasons that the
Democrats are so attached to the Iran
deal is because they felt it was a great
triumph of them over the public it was
their ability to steamroll everybody and
push through a deal that everyone
thought was garbage that made them
celebrate it they thought it was in in a
real demonstration of their power of
their will of their ability to cram down
things the American people didn't want
on a stupid unwilling American public
but Donald Trump breached some sort of
constitutional duty by pulling out of a
deal with a terrorist nation Donald
Trump did that or is it Barack Obama
breaching his constitutional duty to
defend the United States by signing a
deal with it with a regime that has
killed American soldiers it has to be
clear about this during the a walk Iraq
war there are on/back militias they were
murdering American soldiers and wounding
American soldiers there's a lot of IEDs
set by Iranian troops produced in Iran
that were used MAME American troops
Barack Obama signed a deal with those
people and got nothing in return zero
things in return
but Donald Trump is the one who's a dupe
Donald Trump is the one who's a fool
there's a reason why the American people
are trusting Republicans more on foreign
policy these days than they trust
Democrats and part of that is because
the American people when it comes to
foreign policy they're not as as
sanguine about the possibilities of a
beautiful world as Democrats are
Democrats seem to always believe that if
we are just nice to everyone else
everyone else will be nice to us
that is not true you're nice to
everybody else until they're mean to you
at that point you clock them that's an
American foreign policy that I think
that the American people agree with
another demonstration of this obviously
is the Democrats newfound opposition to
Jena Haspel Jena Haspel of course the
CIA nominee to be director first female
director in the history of the CIA and
Democrats are just fighting mad about
this how could Jena Haspel even be
considered considering that she worked
at the CIA at a time when the CIA was
engaged in waterboarding of terrorists
how could they possibly do all of this
now they were totally fine when John
Brennan was at CIA didn't matter that
John Brennan worked at the CIA at the
time when waterboarding had been
approved it didn't matter that half the
people at the CIA were at the CIA at the
time when waterboarding was used but now
even even the the remote idea that
waterboarding was a necessary evil that
was something that we had to do but it
did not constitute formal torture that
has been thrown out we can't know if you
say this it makes you a cruel inhumane
bad person now john mccain has said some
of these same things about waterboarding
but i have a little more sympathy for
john mccain saying them considering the
man was actually tortured in custody for
seven years I have a little more
sympathy hearing that from John McCain
who's tortured for no reason
legitimately no reason other than to try
and break him I have more sympathy for
that position for McCain than I do from
Dianne Feinstein who knows better than
to assume the best about people like
Khalid Sheikh Mohammed one of the things
that was hilarious this week is Khalid
Sheikh Mohammed who is one of the
masterminds of 9/11 there were
suggestions that he was going to be
allowed to testify against Gina Haspel
and they were going to bring an actual
terrorist responsible for 9/11 out of
jail so that he could talk about the
horrors he experienced at the hands of
Gina Haskell if you want to make Gina
Haspel President of the United States
that is the best way to do that
seriously bring bring a terrorist out
there to talk about Gina Haspel was mean
to him okay I would vote for her for
president
after hearing that because holy chick
Mohammed deserved every little bit of
everything that he got but beyond that
he also gave us a lot of actionable
intelligence because we waterboarded him
in just a second I'm going to show you a
clip of Dick Cheney iment play for you a
clip of Dick Cheney talking specifically
about how Democrats really don't get it
right he explains why it is that
waterboarding was a necessary thing at
the time and again demonstrates why it
is that so many Americans are not going
to trust Democrats on foreign policy for
quite a while after Barack Obama but
first I want to say thanks to our
sponsors over at bull and branch so
here's the reality you're not sleeping
well but one of the reasons you're not
sleeping well is because you have a set
of crappy sheets right you just went to
your local retailer and you got a set of
sheets for like 50 bucks and you slap
them on there and it feels like you're
sleeping on plastic if you want the best
sheets that you can possibly sleep on at
a really affordable price go to bull and
branch the bull and branch makes
everything from betting to blankets and
it's made from pure 100% organic cotton
it starts out super soft to get softer
over time you buy directly from them so
you are essentially paying wholesale
prices luxury sheets can cost up to
thousand bucks in stores but you don't
have to spend that much money over a
bull and branches a couple of hundred
bucks everyone who tries Boleyn branch
sheets love them actually we like them
so much that we legitimately took sheets
in our house and threw them out and
bought Poland brand sheets instead
because they are just that much more
comfortable it's it's very difficult to
sleep on non bull and branch sheets
after you've slept on bull and branch
sheets which is pretty much the only
downside shipping is free you can try
them for 30 nights and if you don't love
them you send them back for a refund I
doubt you're gonna want to send them
back they are that good to get you
started right now my listeners get 50
bucks off your first set of sheets at
bull and branch comm promoter Ben that's
bull and branch comm promo code Ben
again total bull and branch comm promo
Club bet and you get 50 bucks off your
first set of sheets the sheets are just
phenomenal you really really enjoy them
I promise
check them out bull and branch comm
promo code Ben okay so speaking of
democratic inability to understand the
heart of the American public the truth
is that in elections in the United
States from basically World War two on
Republicans were trusted with security
far more than Democrats say after the
end of World War two and really with the
rise of President Eisenhower in the 1952
election since then Republicans have won
every foreign policy election and they
lost a lot of domestic elections so they
lost they won
Eisenhower won on a foreign policy Cold
War I'm gonna end the war in Korea based
election and then Richard Nixon won on a
wrestler
of security-based election we're going
to end the war in Vietnam with victory
and peace through victory right that was
going to be that was going to be the
idea from Richard Nixon and then end of
the Cold War Ronald Reagan ran on the
idea that the Soviet Union was an evil
empire and from 1980 to 1988 the
Republicans were present for 1988 to
1992 in the aftermath of that George HW
Bush was there to sort of do the cleanup
in the aftermath of the Cold War then he
got on some domestic issues right it was
the economy stupid that got Bill Clinton
into office in 1992 but as terrorism was
rising then George W Bush was trusted
more in foreign policy and then in the
2000 election and obviously he didn't
win the popular vote there but by 2004
clearly security was at the top of the
agenda and he won reelection a
hard-fought reelection battle against
John Kerry by 2008 the American people
were ready to move on from national
security they didn't want to hear about
the Iraq war anymore they were tired of
the Iraq war they'd been convinced by
the media that the Iraq war was the
wrong thing to do because they weren't
massive stockpiles of new WMD found in
Iraq in the first place and so we had a
domestic policy election and Barack
Obama won on the basis of that hey but
the reality is that when it comes to
crises in foreign policy Republicans are
trusted more than Democrats because
Republicans are more realistic than
Democrats on all this stuff they are
they see the world as a dark place
filled with people who are trying to
kill us and we have to strengthen our
hand and this is why Dick Cheney for all
the talk about him being this evil Darth
Vader ask figure there are a lot of
folks in the United States who believe
well maybe you need Darth Vader if
you're staring down somebody even worse
well here here's Dick Cheney talking
about why the use of water boring zorb
waterboarding during the war on terror
was a useful thing the techniques we
used were not tortured
a lot of people try to call it that but
it wasn't deemed torture at the time the
techniques we use our techniques were
use on our own people in training we
didn't go out and make them up someplace
president signed off I signed off and
have Security Council signed off they
did a good job they got the intelligence
they needed and we were safe from any
further mass casualty attacks on the
seven and a half years on our watch so
now people might have go back and try to
rewrite history but if it were my call
I'd do it again and most Americans I
believe still feel the same way despite
our sort of softness with regard to
waterboarding if there were another
terrorist attack in the United States of
9/11 scale the United States would
quickly shift into okay you do what you
need to get the information short of
actual full terror of full full torture
you know waterboarding is not full
torture we do use it to Train Navy SEALs
I watched as I say steven crowder get
waterboarded and dude is fine okay he's
just as crazy as you ever was but steven
crowder is totally fine it's not
somebody who's suffering from the
long-term after-effects of torture okay
well meanwhile the Muller probe it
continues to unfold and obviously
members of the Trump administration are
interested in wrapping this thing up is
this all a prelude to president from
firing Robert Miller I doubt it but I
think that they are trying to push
publicly for Muller and this probe and I
think that's appropriate because I think
that the molar probe does not appear to
have come up with anything so far in
terms of actionable intelligence about
the Trump administration a lot of the
late-breaking news about Michael Cohen
not about President Trump and short of
anything about President Trump and
Russian election collusion I don't see
the evidence at this point so here's
Mike Pence the vice president yesterday
saying listen it's time to wrap this
stuff this stuff up I mean we got enough
enough is enough about a year since this
investigation began our administration
has provided over a million documents we
fully cooperated in it and in the
interest of the country I think it's
time to wrap it up and I would very
respectfully encourage the special
counsel and his team to bring their work
to completion he was asked whether it
was witch-hunt he would he decline to
say that it was witch-hunt because he
doesn't want to look like he's stepping
on Muller completely but he's not wrong
when he says it's time to wrap this
thing up I mean the Muller investigation
has now been going on mount MOA was
appointed what May of last year so now
it's been going on for a full year the
Moller investigation and all of the talk
about Trump
illusion has been going on since the
middle of the 2016 election and nothing
right nothing the FBI's been looking
into this for two years and the best
they've been able to come up with his
George papadopolis low-level staffer met
with some Russian agents in London to
talk about leaks of Hillary emails and
went nowhere and then lied to the FBI
about it Papadopoulos which is why he is
probably gonna end up you know cutting
some sort of bargain all we've ended up
with is is a FISA warrant on Carter page
that resulted in no prosecution
whatsoever all we've ended up with is a
is a prosecution of Mike Flynn based on
him fibbing to the FBI about having a
conversation with the Russians after the
election having nothing to do with Trump
Russia collusion you know what any of
this stuff has to do with actual Trump
Russia election collusion is beyond me
and I think Trump is rightly angry about
this John Kelly the chief of staff for
president Trump he says that mostly the
president is just embarrassed and
annoyed by the investigation at this
point
is there a cloud because of it hanging
over this White House well yeah you know
it's there may not be a cloud but
certainly the president is somewhat
embarrassed frankly when world leaders
come in you know Bibi Netanyahu was here
and he was under investigation himself
and it's like you walk in and you know
the first couple of minutes of every
conversation might revolve around that
that kind of thing I mean you got to
sympathize with Trump to the extent that
Trump knows he didn't collude with
Russia and yet he's been hearing for two
years that he was he won an illegitimate
election because he colluded with Russia
that would annoy me too it would annoy
you - I think it would annoy everyone
you know this is all based on the
assumption he didn't actually collude
with Russia and I've seen no evidence
that he did at this point none has been
presented publicly so if mullahs got
something at a certain point you got to
say dude
wrap it up present your evidence let's
see what you got a show if you got
nothing then you got nothing now with
all of that said you know all of the
hubbub now surrounding Michael Cohen is
obviously not good for President Trump
the president has not surrounded himself
with the best people that is very clear
surrounding himself with Michael Cohen
was a foolish move from the very
beginning Michael Cohen is a dunderhead
that is obvious and the fact that
Michael Cohen continues to haunt the
president is largely a problem with
President Trump's own making in AT&T
announced today that they apologize for
ever having given money to Michael Cohen
they were apparently giving money to
Michael Cohen in the hopes that he would
essentially Lobby the President of the
United States on the AT&T Time Warner
merger they gave him about two hundred
thousand dollars the head of AT&T
legislative affairs office actually
resigned today
over all of this even though no illegal
activity took place you know they can
give Michael Cohen any amount of money
they want it's really up to Michael
Cohen to register as a lobbyist but it
does make it difficult for the President
of the United States to claim that he's
trying to drain the swamp when all the
people around him are raking in the cash
like Michael Cohen under my
administration we're fighting against
the lobbyists the special interests and
the corrupt Washington politics after
years of rebuilding foreign countries of
which a lot of people are taking the
cost of rebuilding those foreign
countries we are finally rebuilding our
country okay so when he says drain the
swamp in these rallies it's difficult to
say that well Michael Cohen is pulling
down two million dollars to be friends
with Donald Trump it makes things very
awkward it's why Donald Trump needs to
excise these people from his life it's
why the president needs to not engage us
now is he wrong that he's draining the
swamp as far as regulation no as far as
shrinking size of government regulation
I think that the president is doing his
best although he is signed into law a
couple of terrible omnibus packages he
never should have signed into law the
real kind of draining the swamp has
little to do with firing Michael Cohen
as his attorney it has a lot more to do
with cutting the size and scope of
government I think that Trump in some
ways has his heart in the right place
there although he's not cutting the size
and scope of government I think nearly
enough to suit me but it does not help
his case when when Michael Cohen is
running around being Michael Cohen okay
no meanwhile the expertise of the left
is on full display and when it comes to
matters of genetics and reality it's so
bizarre you know there are a lot of
folks on the left I spend my life going
to college campuses and being told that
I do not fully understand science that I
do not fully understand science I'm
going to explain in a second why it is
the left that apparently does not fully
understand science at least lately but
first I want to say thanks to our
sponsors over at American innovation so
American innovation is a brand new
podcast from wondering and it's awesome
okay I've listened to a few of their
first episodes and it really is good
ok the American innovations it's hosted
by popular science author Steven Johnson
and they tell you stories behind a lot
of the science that you've heard of but
you don't know the backstory to so they
tell you the full story behind DNA and
the mapping of the human genome they
tell you the whole story the whole
backstory behind the rise of the
personal computer how it happened
artifice
intelligence all of these things you
become smarter just by listening to this
podcast it's not a typical science
podcast just a guy talking into a mic
about science you're not only going to
hear about the science behind some of
America's greatest innovations you will
actually be immersed in the dramatic
moments behind the people place and time
that led to the amazing discoveries that
we are all living in that we all get to
benefit from in our lives the first six
episodes are actually written by New
York Times bestselling author Sam keen
you can hear the first three episodes
right now by searching for American
innovations on Apple podcast so this
weekend when you're not listen to my
Sunday special and when you're not
catching up on ben shapiro show right
tomorrow is a Saturday no new material
tomorrow that means it's time to listen
to American innovations on Apple podcast
wherever you're listening to this head
over to wonder EFM slash Ben that's
wonder if m / Ben go search for American
innovations on Apple podcasts or
wherever you're listening right now or
head over to wonder each FM / Ben this
show is really great it's really
fascinating and you learn a lot so check
it out
wonder EFM slash Ben and then slash Ben
lets them know that we sent you alright
so speaking of science the left
obviously is having some trouble with
the sign so this comes up in a couple of
different contexts today context number
one
apparently Donald Trump told John
McEnroe the the former number one seated
tennis player who's now he's got to be
pushing 60 John McEnroe
but John McEnroe was was apparently at
some event and Donald Trump passed a
note up to him offering to pay John
McEnroe a million dollars if you'd play
a match with Serena Williams here is
John McEnroe talking about it I was
calling a match and suddenly I get this
envelope and it's from Donald Trump you
know whose promoter Galore little did I
know what was going to end up happening
nor I believe anyone else so he wrote me
a letter said you know Dear John you
know I want to offer you a 1 million
dollars again to play either Serena or
Venus and so over the course of time
literally you know my kids you know my
daughters have dad I don't know if you
can beat Serena I'm like God my kids on
my side okay the answer is he could
probably beat Serena okay but
CNN's Christine Brennan says no either
Venus or Serena would have pummeled John
McEnroe the former number one player in
the world first of all I hung out in
their primes because I know are you
talking about when John McEnroe is 60
still
probably no it's the truth but here here
they're talking about it on CNN and
obviously female power means that women
have the same musculature and capacity
in sports as men if you're stupid
so here is here's Christine Brennan
trying to explain can we talk about him
saying that he was sure that he would
have beaten Serena or Venus Williams I
mean I don't think he can be so sure
well he's in his late 50s Breanna and I
don't think anyone would want to see
that but I think Serena or Venus would
have pummeled him a la Billie Jean King
over Bobby Riggs back in 1973 ah okay
Billie Jean King beat Bobby Riggs
because Bobby Riggs threw the match okay
he legitimately threw the match and he
was a drunk old dude okay the idea that
that match is one of the great
annoyances for anyone who knows anything
about sports it is such an annoyance
when people say the Billie Jean King
beat beat Bobby Riggs straight up hey
Bobby Riggs threw the match before the
match
hey this is there's very little doubt
about this at this point and here is my
proof that John McEnroe would in fact
beat Serena Williams okay and certainly
in his prime would have beat Serena
Williams no question first of all Serena
Williams has said before she doesn't
play on the men's tour because she
wouldn't win on the men's tour this is
obviously true okay many years ago very
early in Venus and Serena's career in
1998 Serena Williams decided she thought
she could beat some men so she was in an
ATP Tour office at the Australian Open
and a guy named Carsten brash who you've
never heard of because he was an okay
player but he wasn't anything special
he's once a top 40 player at his best
but at this point when he met Serena
Williams in 1998 who's ranked 200 and
third in the world 200 and third in the
world so Serena was talking about how
she might be able to beat some of the
men he said okay one play match and so
both Serena and Venus showed up to play
rather than sit to play matches with him
right just for fun so brash this
according to USA Today the date was set
in the day arrived brash played a
warm-up round of golf in the morning
then came to Melbourne Park the
threesome went to the backcourt where
each sister would have a one set shot at
brash word had spread around the grounds
the event was taking place which caused
tournament officials to restrict
admittance to the area to only those
with badges brash smoked and sipped
beers during the change overs and to be
honest no longer looked the part of a
fit professional athlete brash led 500
verse arena before winning the set
six-one and then posted a six to set
victory over Venus okay he was old he
was wearing two hundred third of the
world who's smoking and drinking beer
between the rounds and he kicked the
crap out of Serena and Venus Williams
that is not a rip on Serena and Venus
Williams as athletes they are incredible
athletes they're also women and to
pretend that women and men are exactly
the same when it comes to physical
capacity is just idiotic it's just
stupid okay she is the greatest female
tennis player of all time
but her fastest recorded serve was 129
miles per hour
okay the fastest recorded men's serve is
163 miles per hour in the 2015 Grand
Slam Serena's average served traveled
109 miles per hour Novak Djokovic
averaged 117 Andy Murray averaged 114 so
the experts have come up with something
called the universal tennis rating okay
it rates all players on a single scale
Djokovic there's a couple years ago
ranked at 16 point three nine that was
the highest in the world Serena ranked
at 13 point three six which doesn't
sound terrible until you realize that
that is the same ranking as a mid ranked
male college tennis player
okay so men and women they don't have
the same capacity okay this is true when
it comes to throwing baseballs as well
women on average cannot throw as fast as
men there are some women who can throw
pretty fast there are no women who can
throw 95 miles per hour
hey the average woman throws a baseball
slower then this is a real statistic
this is not me making it up the average
woman throws a baseball slower then out
of 1,000 men 998 of those men
okay the average woman throws faster
than two out of 1,000 men that you pick
up the street so let's get over this
whole women and men are exact insane
they're not exactly the same again
does this make women worse no does it
make women worse at sports yes by any
objective measure but why is this even
Chapman ah feminists don't you
understand you undermine your case when
you suggest that men and women are
exactly the same or they should be
treated exactly the same don't you
understand that it's really stupid
because then you know what happens
Fallon Fox who is a dude who is
transgender fights women in you in MMA
and beats the living crap out of them
because he still has male musculature
and it's unfair because a man beating
the hell out of women that this whole
thing is so stupid speaking of expertise
on the left I have to play this clip
because it's just incredible so there's
an expert in Britain I love what what
now passes for being an expert it's
pretty spectacular this is an
expert in Britain trying to explain that
parents should ask babies for permission
to change their diapers is a sexuality
expert in author named Deanne Carson and
she was speaking to ABC News in
Australia and she was asked what age
clients she works as she said we work
with children from three years old we
work with parents from birth and then
Carson explains exactly what she means
by that we work from children from three
years old we work with parents from
birth from birth yeah yeah just about
how to set up a culture of consent in
their home so I'm going to change your
nappy now is that okay of course the
baby's not going to respond yes ma'am
that's awesome I'd love to have my nappy
changed but if you leave a space and
wait for body language and wait to make
eye contact then you're letting that
child know that their response matters
um no okay as a parent to his appearance
of a four year old and two year old one
of whom is out of diapers and the other
one who will soon be out of diapers I
hope okay here's the truth
if you leave your kids to decide when
they want their diapers change they will
have diaper rash forever forever okay if
I let my two-year-old son explain to me
when he wants his day first of all he's
really smart so he actually does like
hehehe as soon as he goes to the
bathroom he immediately tells us like
right then he says okay peepee poo-poo
whatever and then we go and change him
but my daughter was not so much like
that right she she when she was very
young shoot shoes also clean frickin so
and she's a little baby she would not
eat until she'd been changed but as she
got older because kids do this she
started getting angry when you would
change her diaper and my son is starting
get to that age now to where he gets mad
when you change his diaper doesn't want
a saber change he thrashes around on the
changing table you know you have to do
force your kids to change their diaper
if you're not an idiot but apparently
being an idiot is an actual
qualification for being an expert on
parenting on national TV now listen I
don't want to I don't want a stereotype
this woman Deanne Carson I don't know if
she has kids I don't know who does her
hair but this is dumb okay this is
incredibly dumb and it's amazing what
constitutes expertise now that the
parenting experts know so little about
what actually happens with regard to
parent with regard to parenting so many
of them are basing it off of bad social
science or based on you know these tiny
uncontrolled studies that
in that a lot of what they have to say
is just absolutely counterintuitive and
then they claim that they are experts in
science first and these religious
parents who do things like change their
kids diapers without their kids
permission you're violating consent
you're part of rape culture if you
change your kid's diaper or some such
nonsense okay so I'm going into the
mailbag in just a second first I want to
say thanks to our sponsors over at the
u.s. CCA so this one is for my
pro-second amendment listeners out there
which is virtually all of you I believe
so I've got a great opportunity for you
to win an expensive new gun but you have
to be law-abiding and also you have to
ask act fast so the u.s. ECA is giving
you five chances to win $1,000 to buy an
expensive new Kimber micro with extra
ammo as a strong supporter of the Second
Amendment I'm also a proud member of the
u.s. CCI because they have all sorts of
fantastic services including educational
services informational services legal
services and they love giving away free
guns to wha biding citizens so you can
protect yourself go to defend my family
now calm and lock in your five free
chances to win right now defend my
family now calm and lock in those five
free chances to win don't miss out on
that chance when a thousand bucks for
your very own Kimber it is the affiant
one of the finest handguns you out there
but it all ends the 25th so you have to
hurry go to defend my family now calm
right now for those five chances to win
it's 100% free you can enter in seconds
and it gives you those five
opportunities yeah again you're a
law-abiding citizen if you don't own a
gun you probably should for self defense
and for various other reasons I think
that it's worthwhile owning weaponry and
defend my family now.com go register you
could actually win one at the very least
you'll be registering with the US ECI
which is a great organization to begin
with go check it out now defend my
family now
dot-com alrighty so we are now going to
get to the mailbag but first you're
going to have to go over to daily wire
calm now the reason you're gonna want to
is because if you want to ask me
questions that's the only way to do it
okay you think that you're sending me
these emails and I'm gonna answer all
them I get hundreds of emails a day I
mean not to be self-centered but I'm a
popular fellow I get lots and lots of
emails how do you know that your
question is actually going to be
answered you know it's gonna be answered
when you actually send it to me via
Daily wire and the way you do this is
you go to our daily wired chat room
right now as I'm about to do the mailbag
after you subscribe and then you can ask
me questions live and I will answer them
for you on air plus you can ask
questions of our other hosts including
the execrable Michael Knowles
it's almost time for our next episode of
the conversation Tuesday May 15 5:30
p.m. Eastern 2:30 p.m. Pacific Michael
Mills will be here to answer your
questions which means that he will stare
blankly into camera then make
an obscure reference to a catholic
theologian you've never heard of michael
the moles will answer all of those
questions if you go over to daily
wire.com and you subscribe all you have
to do to subscribe go over and subscribe
and then everybody can watch this right
at YouTube Facebook you can watch all of
it live
Alicia cross will be there and she will
be reading all of your questions to him
alive for a full hour and you will get
all of your questions answered
even if badly by Michael moles so go
check that out
plus you should subscribe also because
it helps us bring you the show ok let's
be honest about this it is your
subscriptions that allow us to bring you
the show and allow us to bring you the
Sunday specials our new Sunday special
he's going it's coming up on Sunday
because it's Sunday special if you can
get that from the name and we are
featuring Dave Rubin so Dave Rubin stops
by for the full hour as Larry King might
say and it is excellent it's a really a
lot of fun to listen to you've seen a
lot of hubbub about the about the
intellectual dark web this week well
Dave is a charter member and a connector
within the intellectual dark web and
we'll have full discussions about Dave's
philosophy and the stuff that Dave has
to say well and here's a little bit of
what it sounded like when I sat down
with Dave Rubin but one of the great
things about Dave Rubin is that the
first time I was introduced you I think
was probably on your show we knew each
other before before I was on your show
and you are I think one of the best
interviewers in the business so people
normally see stuff like this and expect
us to see the chairs reversed
yeah but what's what's really fun about
this I actually want to ask about some
of the send your own journey because you
don't actually get to talk about that
too much very quickly though I just for
the record clearly by you being an
interview and you stole this from me I I
was the one that came up with the idea
of the interview know much people
sitting there talking about you have
culturally appropriated it for me I just
want to put oh yeah and then just like
just like America we've been culturally
appropriate from others and then we're
gonna make the best of it make more
money so that mean that's that's our
actual plan it should be really really
good so you're gonna want to check it
out so go over our Sunday special that's
why you should subscribe go over to
iTunes leave us a review subscribe if
you want the annual subscription then
get the annual subscription which comes
along with this the very greatest in
leftist tears hot or cold vessels it is
just fantastic that's ninety nine
dollars a year your annual is better
than your monthly check it all out over
at daily we're calm we are the largest
fastest growing conservative podcast in
the nation
all righty it is time to mailbag it up
so let's do this thing so Jim says hello
Ben as a father of three beautiful girls
I feel it behooves me to make the world
a better place for them I personally
think our national debt needs to be
reconciled above all else and that
entails entitlement reform no politician
wants to discuss what do you think is
the number-one threat the next
generation faces and how can we fix it
today I think in terms of government
that's exactly right I mean in terms of
government the the blowing out of the
national debt and the creation of an a
fiscally irresponsible deficit that's
gonna be paid off by our kids and our
kids kids is really awful
and it's one of the things that Paul
Ryan was trying to push it's one of the
shortcomings of President Trump who
really doesn't care too much about
entitlement reform he thinks it's
politically toxic he may be right that
it's politically toxic but you got to do
it anyway because if you actually want
to save the country you can't be waiting
until 20 years from now when Social
Security goes fully bankrupt not even 20
years probably 10 15 years from now when
it goes fully bankrupt and you're
looking at drastically raising taxes or
continuing to blow out our national debt
which essentially outsources our foreign
policy to people who own our debt puts
us in severe fiscal need so that stuff
Republicans ought to be pursuing right
now and they ought to be making strong
moral arguments for why Social Security
needs to be restructured I think young
people in particular are willing to hear
that argument and if they care about
Social Security they're willing to hear
you don't want you don't want your taxes
raised and you want more money back from
the government you can have both of
these things all we have to do is make
Social Security a private thing as
opposed to making it a public thing okay
Noah says hi Ben I'm a new Daily wire
subscriber I was wondering what you
would say president Trump's greatest
accomplishment as president is at this
time he has a bunch of accomplishments
that I think are really great I think
the tax cuts are excellent I think that
his stacking of the courts is probably
the single best thing the his stacking
of the courts with with conservatives
who are going to be on those courts for
decades is is an excellent excellent
necessary thing because otherwise the
judiciary just becomes a tool of the
left beyond that obviously the movement
of the embassy to Jerusalem pulling out
of the Iran ziyal all of that is
terrific cutting down on regulation the
man's got a lot of accomplishments I
mean I can't be unhappy with his policy
so far I think is policy so far has been
terrific as I've said to top members of
the administration you know a - hunt
executive policy C+ on legislative
policy dd2 F on rhetoric I think his
rhetoric has improved of late you know
he hasn't had any big charlottesville
boo-boos as he as he used to hopefully
that lasts but you know it's it's a day
ending in why
so there'll be a tweet storm coming soon
Susan says question Haman you clearly
have amazing recall I imagine much of
that is IQ but any tips for the lay
person of the world to help us keep our
memories sharp well when it comes to you
know actively attempting to memorize now
I'm lucky because I have a pretty good
memory for things I want to I want to
think about but what I do find helps is
writing stuff down so not even looking
back at what you've written down but the
very act of writing things down is very
helpful it's a good study method for
kids who are in school if you're in high
school you're in junior high you're
trying to study for a test
write things and write them by hand not
type okay typing it doesn't get in your
head quite as much grab a pen write down
the stuff you want to remember the very
act of writing almost engraved in on
your memory so I would I would highly
recommend that as a memory tool also you
then have notes that you can later use I
make a mistake I think when I read books
and I've had this discussion with a with
a couple of people in in recent
interviews Jordan Peterson most
specifically I think talked about
highlighting books I believe is Jordan I
am NOT somebody who highlights my books
because I have a lot of reverence for
the written word and for books and I
don't like to facing my books but I was
hearing from it wasn't Jordan was
somebody else and it's gonna annoy me
now but so my memory ain't that great
but the but if you but what he was
saying is that it was Glenn back is Glen
so Glen was saying that he enjoyed
highlighting books specifically because
he would take notes on in the margins of
books and then his kids are always
fascinated by his thought process as he
was reading which i think is actually
kind of a cool thing so writing in books
writing this stuff down is probably the
best way to approach that John says hi
Ben hello Bhama can't work now that the
tax cuts and Jobs Act repealed its
funding mechanism the individual mandate
since it is a mandatory expenditure
wouldn't other tax dollars now have to
be allocated to it or will it just cease
to exist
thanks love the show this is the big
question after he got rid of the
individual mandate which was the funding
mechanism to pay for all of the
increased costs and regulation of
Obamacare the only way that you're going
to be able to bring cost down in the
individual marketplace is by getting rid
of regulation or by subsidizing the
federal government has chosen to
subsidize which is why I'm not in love
with just getting rid of the individual
mandate alone that's good but you're
gonna have to do more than that
otherwise you're gonna be blamed for an
increase in the price of individual
health care plans so this is why getting
rid of regulation is what was deeply
necessary and unfortunately did not
happen that's a major shortcoming of
Republican Congress and it behooves us
to remember that Chris has been can you
explain the central banking system in
the purpose
the Federal Reserve the positive and
negative sides alike please so the
Federal Reserve was originally
established in in the beginning of the
depression basically and it was
established in order to say to banks
that if you lose all of your money we
can provide you a certain percentage of
your money back to you so this is why
the FDIC the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation ensures that the first I
believe $200,000 of money that you have
in the bank you will get back regardless
of whether the bank goes bust this is
the federal government saying it's
trying to prevent runs on bank the way
it used to work is that if there is a
bank it had a certain amount on in the
bank the bank never has as much money in
the bank as it owes to people right
because when you give money to the bank
the bank doesn't just keep it in the
back room the bank lends that out to
people at interest that's how the bank
makes its money well what happens if
everybody who has their money stored in
the bank goes and asked for their money
at the same time the bank doesn't have
that money it goes bankrupt and it
starts trying to call in loans right
this is what happened the beginning of
the Great Depression everybody started
to have and everybody started going to
the bank and withdrawing the money from
the bank so the solution by the federal
government was the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation which was run by
the Fed and the idea there was that they
were going to be able to insure your
losses by banks now the problem with
this is it does create a significant
amount of moral hazard moral hazard
being that banks can now be
loosey-goosey about the amounts of money
that they lend out knowing the federal
government is gonna back their play at
the end or bail them out in the end and
that this has been the problem with the
Fed from the beginning is the
possibility of moral hazard where people
act irresponsibly and then the federal
government bails them out as we saw
actually in 2008-2009 the Fed has some
other stuff that it does in conjunction
with the Department of the Treasury the
Department of the Treasury sells bonds
stocks and bonds and the Federal Reserve
works with the government the Department
of the Treasury in order to provide the
the dollars that are used in the sales
of stocks and bonds when the government
buys back bonds for example they're
trying to take more bonds out of the
market they're trying to inflate the
currency or the amount of currency
that's in circulation Milton Friedman
was a big fan of the Fed actually he
thought that the the Fed should should
set a standard growth rate the amount of
money in circulation on a particular
year by year basis is like 2% then there
are people who are Chicago school so
Chicago school economists sit and think
the Fed ought to exist at the Fed ought
to have control over the amount of money
in circulation and then there's the
Vienna School of Economics which
suggests that we really should be on
gold stage
and the government shouldn't be able to
manipulate the amounts of currency
that's in circulation that happens
through a sort of complex process
between the Fed and the Department of
the Treasury I tend to be on the Vienna
School of Economics I'd I'm not a big
fan of the Federal Reserve I think the
Federal Reserve it creates a sense of
security that I think is unwarranted and
that leads again companies to rely on
the federal government to bail them out
and now bailouts are enshrined in the in
the dodd-frank Act and that really needs
to be gutted as well I mean that's
something else that the Republicans
ought to be pursuing right now as well
okay let's see Harrison says hey but I
was wondering what your opinion is of a
negative income tax such as the one
proposed by Milton Friedman as an
alternative to the welfare state so as
an alternative to the welfare state I'm
for it as an adjunct to the welfare
state I'm against it so the negative
income tax is that idea that based on
your income we sign one we basically
guarantee you a minimum income it's
basically an a universal basic income
but he says that you should have a
negative income tax based on the amount
of money that you make and we will sign
a check to you back from the federal
government for a particular amount of
money but it's not going to be dependent
on the amount of money that you make
completely and it's also not going to
require that you be single for example
though you're a single mother and it's
not gonna be welfare state based it's
going to be it's going to be a certain
sliding scale that we give you of a
consistent amount of money that goes
into your bank accounts and that is what
it is and it would be a lot cheaper than
the welfare state no question you
wouldn't need the infrastructure of the
welfare state so I agree that as it is a
there's alternative to the welfare state
would be great I tend to oppose both of
them because I don't think that that's a
useful thing and rely instead on private
charity Thomas says hi Ben in regard to
the more progressive in regards to
progressivism plaguing the nation do you
see America ever returning to its more
conservative judeo-christian roots and
what would it take to get us there I
think that what it would take to get us
there is to recognize that our moral
roots our judeo-christian whether you
like it or not this is an argument that
I've been having repeatedly with a lot
of folks who are Enlightenment thinkers
Neal Enlightenment thinkers I've had
this argument now with Sam Harris and
and with not really with jonah goldberg
openly but i would certainly like to
discuss it with joan i think he'd
probably agree with me actually and and
i had this argument with michael shermer
there there are a lot of people who are
so I've had the sentiment about Steven
Pinker enlightenment thinking is rooted
in judeo-christian values you want to
get people back to judeo-christian
values what you say is listen all the
stuff that's around you that was built
by judeo-christian civilization
behoove you to study the foundational
documents of the judeo-christian vision
and then to see how those documents have
been interpreted over the last several
thousand years to bring us here and
because there's this myth that's going
around that what happened is that in the
18th century
late 18th century early 19th century
there was a vast shift in public
thinking and the thinking went we reject
the Bible and from that came everything
grand that is a lie it is not
historically true it is not
philosophically true it is not morally
true and I think that we needed to bunk
that if we are actually going to fight
for judeo-christian values ok Derek says
salutations Ben I want to ask why does
the left hate Western culture almost
everything great about the modern world
is due to the progress of Western
civilization
yet the left loathes the very
foundations that made such an incredible
world it's mind-boggling
sincerely genic well I think that what
the left sees when they see Western
civilization is inequality so the reason
the left hates Western civilization is
because the left says as Mark said that
individual human beings are created by
the system in which we live we don't
have free will in the sense that we can
really move beyond the system what we
have to do is tear down the system we
have to tear down at its roots and then
we can build a better more utopian world
and from that utopian world will come at
transcendental man welcome a new type of
human being who's kinder and and more
generous and better to other human
beings but that can only change if you
get rid of the system itself and so what
the left tends to focus on is all of the
shortcomings of the system so what are
the shortcomings of the system in the
freest most prosperous time in human
history
well the shortcoming to the system our
lack of soul so in throughout the 20th
century the left kept saying that even
during the 1950's when everybody was
booming and it seemed like America was
finally starting to move beyond its
racial problem I mean that the civil
rights mom really starts in the 50s not
the 60s and there's real change coming
in America all of it good or at least a
large part of it good feminism is the
early first stage feminism is beginning
and all that is good you know with the
left says no the reason there are sexism
the reason there is racism the reason
there is brutality is because of this
capitalist system and all of these
people who you see who are engaged in
the capitalist system are truly empty
Souls these are people who have nothing
to live for
they're just shells of their former self
they're missing meaning and that missing
meaning is is a generation of Western
civilization it was generated by Western
civilization so all we have to do is get
rid of all of these Western civilized
notions about free freedom individual
rights
have to get rid of this whole shtick
about capitalism and when we do that we
will have a better human being in a
better world so that's that's the reason
they're trying to propose a utopian
vision to replace the Western civilized
vision failing to recognize of course
that all the good stuff around them is
inextricably intertwined with the
principles that generated it in the
first place
Fernando says I got asked this question
during dinner with a couple of friends
what is the soul I did not know how to
answer what do you believe in is the
definition of us all so this is a hard
question because obviously the soul is
unprovable it's not verifiable there's
no real way to tell what a soul is so
there are various definitions of the
soul so Thomas Aquinas has an
interesting definition of the soul he
says that basically things are people
are made up of form and matter right so
you are made up of matter and you are
made up of form so the form precedes the
matter in sort of platonic in in the
Platonic narrative that there is a form
of a dog that God has in mind and then
there is a dog right that there is there
is the form of dog and the reason that
you know all dogs are similar is because
there's a Platonic idea of dog right and
then so all those dogs fall under that
one Platonic ideal of the dog the same
thing holds true with regard to form and
matter sort of according to Aquinas so
the idea there is that you there is a
form of you right there's a form of man
and that encompasses what you are and
that survives death but it is more that
it is more than your constituent parts
in other words and that's what the soul
is so the form is the soul so whether
that survives death or not the idea is
that the form is you and it's not just
your constituent parts I think there's
something to that I also think that
there's a good case to be made that the
soul is the is what animates you that
when you die the soul obviously leaves
your body and what we mean by that is
that the animating force that allows you
to live and think and and make decisions
freely has now left you and so that
that's what I think the soul is what the
soul does after death is beyond me I
don't know the answer no one knows the
answer because it's our question you
believe Jesus came back to tell
everybody there are very few people who
have come back to tell anybody about
what happens after death I have my own
theories as to what happens after death
but those theories actually we'll be
discussing that I think in a coming
Sunday special sometime pretty soon okay
one more of these okay one more Natalie
says that I'm currently an intern at a
big corporate law firm I'm starting law
school next year
while the work of an attorney interests
and excites me I'm concerned growing
concerned about balancing the demands
corporate law and
family life I look around at this law
firm and see a lot of very successful
females but most of them especially
partners and high-level associates are
not married and do not have kids since
more than anything else I want to get
married and have children in the future
Michelle Obama thinks you're a terrible
person do you think it is possible for a
female to be both a good corporate
attorney and a good wife and mother at
the same time Thanks so I think the
answer is it is certainly possible to be
a good corporate attorney and a good
wife and mother I do think that there
are trade-offs and to pretend that there
are no trade-offs is to ignore reality
hours that you spend at work are hours
that you're not spending at home in
hours that you spend at home are not
hours that you are spending at work and
I do not think that a good corporate law
job substitutes for having a happy home
life I think almost nothing substitutes
for having a happy home life you know
and I'm thinking someone whose wife
works extraordinarily long hours right
my wife works really long hours like
today she took off from the house at
7:45 she'll be back tonight at 6:30 that
is a normal day for her that is a good
rotation for her her prior rotation she
was going in at 5:00 a.m. and she's
coming back at 10:00 P some days okay
that is hard and it's hard on the family
and it's hard on the kids
we've made provision for that right I'm
home a lot more than she is my parents
are over a lot we have a nanny right all
of these things are great but is it a
trade-off of course it's a trade-off and
it's a trade-off that she struggles with
and she feels every day I think one of
the great lies that feminism has told to
women is you can have it all you can
have a lot of good things but to pretend
that there are no trade-offs among those
things I is to is to be foolish I just
don't think that that's true in any real
sense okay time for a thing I hate and
then some thing I like and then some
things that I hate so the thing I like
there's a movie that's now available on
Amazon Prime it's called last flag
flying it's really good for the acting
you know it's it's very anti-war
obviously because every movie that
Hollywood has ever produced since the
Vietnam War has been an anti-war movie
basically there are a couple of
exceptions like 12 strong is it an
exception but this movie the acting is
really first-rate its Bryan Cranston and
Laurence Fishburne and Steve Carell
Cranston is of course the the highlight
of the show he really is terrific in
this film but Laurence Fishburne turns
in really good performance as well these
are basically the stories these three
guys were in the Army together in
Vietnam back during the Vietnam War and
now Steve Carell son was in the Marines
his son was killed and these and he
tries to go get these two guys to come
with him to pick up his son's body and
bring it to Arlington but it turns out
that the Army has lied to him about how
his son died and now he doesn't want to
bury his son in Arlington and said he
wants to bury his son back home here's a
little bit of the
you you know what amazes me about you
what could be anything I'm a pretty
amazing guy
you turn the keys of your bar over the
guy who's asleep on your pool table and
then you jump in your car and you drive
me to hell and gone and you don't even
know where we're going
ask the question willing to surrender to
God what the hell happened to Mueller
the Mahler first-class drinker gamblers
some visit us amongst us here today we
were in the service together with your
pastor I haven't seen these men in
decades to represent a dark period in my
life that went down on all the quick
drinking Fortuna
you got all old and boring shine down
because I'm not a huge Richard Linklater
fan as a general rule but the movie is
actually quite good and the acting more
than anything else it really is a
showcase for the three performers
involved so if you like good acting and
the script is is entertaining even if
it's anti-war it's really anti rock war
and there are a couple of lines the
Assumption in Hollywood always is that
the Iraq war was a terrible terrible
awful horrible terrible terrible mistake
and so everything they ever say about
the Iraq war is based on that argument
which i think is a deeply flawed
argument but it is still worth the watch
if if you're just looking for some solid
performances okay time for some things
that I hate all right so I have to show
you this clip from April Ryan April Ryan
is of course the White House
correspondent and can never remember
which outlet she is which is for but
she's a White House reporter she was on
CNN last night and she was discussing
Melania Trump and she's for America and
urban radio networks and here's what
April Ryan had to say about Melania
Trump it's just an amazing thing where
she's allowed to get away with this so
John Kelly the White House chief of
staff is being accused of racism today
because he suggested that a lot of
illegal immigrants who come to the
United States are undereducated which is
technically true okay that is just a
fact a lot of illegal immigrants who
come to the United States are
undereducated but April Ryan is not
considered in any way xenophobic for
saying this about Melania Trump she
wants to just show young people how it's
done and do it right and they will pick
up those those habits I wonder if the
president will change but but there are
realities there are a lot of realities
that she's dealing with this is this is
a first lady who is not culturally
American but she is learning the ways I
don't even know what that means
the Melania Trump is not culturally
American what exactly does that mean she
has a foreign accent
and what about Melania Trump is not
culturally American she seems pretty
culturally American to me yeah again
this it's amazing if somebody were to
say that on the right about anybody on
the left with an accent then I'll be oh
my god racism xenophobia terrible how
could you what about that person is bad
my my in-laws are culturally American
they have very strong Israeli accents
they're culturally American they've been
living in America since my wife was 12
years old which means that they've been
here I'm not gonna give away my wife's
age but they've been here for a little
while okay my wife wouldn't care on us
if so she's been there for 18 years when
I was 30 she doesn't care or was but
it's but the but the truth is that April
Ryan's allowed to get away with this
because April Ryan obviously is a member
of minority group if you're a member of
minority group then you can say anything
about any other member of minority group
my proof being that the members of the
women's March are members of minority
groups can hang out with freakin Lewis
Farrakhan and everybody just goes oh
well whatever who cares right keith
Ellison can be an actual anti-semite and
he's being quoted in the media today
saying I'm very upset that people are
calling me an anti-semite I think that
it's awful they're calling me an
anti-semite I'm more upset that you are
an anti-semite dude but you're allowed
to get away with it because if you have
the right skin color apparently you're
allowed to be a racist which is really
awful awful awful stuff okay
other things that I hate so George
Stephanopoulos just doing yeoman's work
on behalf of NBC and George
Stephanopoulos does have a long history
of defending people who are accused of
sexual misconduct going all the way back
to the Clinton days Tom Brokaw has been
accused of sexual harassment by Linda
Wester you know who was a former
reporter at NBC News and or at ABC News
rather and this is pretty funny because
George Stephanopoulos rushes to Tom
Brokaw's defense Tom Brokaw is pretty
angry he says he was ambushed
says he was perp walked what's your
response well I expected a denial that
is what harassers generally do what I
didn't expect was such a personal attack
and what I'm concerned about is the
message that that sends to women inside
NBC News about whether or not they are
safe to report somebody who is powerful
if they get that kind of backlash in
that letter he describes you as a
colleague who has trouble with the truth
are you absolutely convinced that
everything you remember about that it
said at those incidents with Tom Brokaw
or what happened George my memory of
those incidents is crystal clear the
notes that I took immediately afterward
are crystal clear he's a loon investor
from NBC News that obviously George
Stephanopoulos from ABC News imagined
him would he ask those questions of
stormy Daniels right really stormy
Daniels is an actual porn star right who
shall we say has some problems in her
life I would I think it's fair to say
storm McDaniel is a person with some
problems in her life with George
Stephanopoulos sit there and ask do you
know Donna Trump has said that you're
lying do you truly recall what happened
are you sure you recall every minute of
what happened we said you know he's very
upset Donald's room he's very very upset
with you you know he's pretty angry are
you absolutely convinced that what
you're saying is true like come on come
on I know that NBC News investigated
itself and cleared itself but um you
don't get to investigate and clear
yourself well and then bring out a bunch
of women who are not Linda Fester in
order to talk about how Tom Brokaw was
wonderful the woman amazing how the
media will circle the wagons and from
the me to movement actually as soon as
it's a member of their own who's really
under the gun somebody who is is
considered an iconic figure in that in
the media already so we will be back
here next week have yourself a wonderful
weekend don't try to spoil things too
much I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben
Shapiro show
the Ben Shapiro show is produced by
Mathis Glover executive producer Jeremy
boring senior producer Jonathan hey our
technical producer is Austin Stevens
edited by Alexander Oh audio is mixed by
mic Carmina hair and makeup is by Joshua
Oliveira the Ben Shapiro show is a daily
wire for word publishing production
copyright floor publishing 2018
