so I saw someone shared on Facebook an
article I don't remember where it was
from
another article about millennial men and
it was talking about the ways that
millennial men have reinvented or
reshaped masculinity and one of those
ways is that we are apparently more
emotionally vulnerable and more open
about our feelings and you hear this a
lot nowadays this is that this is an
improvement an improvement on the on the
male gender is that now as we are more
enlightened and more progressive younger
men tend to be more open eager to share
our feelings and to talk about our
feelings and I and I think that's
generally true that a lot of men these
days do seem very open about talking
about their feelings men and women but
it's always been the case for women
women probably even more so now we're
all kind of trending in this direction
of sharing and oversharing and
constantly and we love you know the
thing we love to talk about men and
women is we love talking about our
stress how stressed we are our anxiety
oh my gosh you have so much anxiety I'm
so stressed so much anxiety I'm stressed
I'm busy listen to me but I'm so busy
everyone you want to hear about how busy
I am that's the thing I've noticed
people love talking about how busy they
are they are how little sleep they got
the night before how stressed they are
and about their anxiety that's just we
love talking about and I think it's kind
of a status symbol because if well I got
you know I didn't get a lot of sleep and
I'm busy means I'm obviously an
important person so I get the admiration
of being an important person but I also
get a little bit of pity too so it's a
nice little it's admiration with this
nice thick coating this icing of pity on
top of it and it just makes for one
sweet cupcake I guess as far as as far
as we're concerned
I you know I'm gonna differ a little bit
with with some people though because
although I recognize that men are more
emotional these days and more willing
and anxious and eager to talk about
their feelings I don't see it
necessarily as an improvement I think
we're losing something of what a man is
supposed to be especially in the home
and in the context of a marriage or you
know as both a husband and a father so
I've been thinking about as I've been
thinking about this my mind went back to
a story that I read in a book called The
Gulag Archipelago which is actually a
feat a three-volume work written by
Solzhenitsyn and it's a great classic
series of books not exactly pick-me-up
errs it's about it's a history of the
Soviet labor camp system so if I'm
looking for lessons about marriage
obviously the first place I look if I'm
looking for insights into marriage I'm
gonna look at a book about the Soviet
labor camp system that's because you
know that's where no I just I think it
was in the second volume there's this
quick anecdote that Celgene Houston
relays he he's talking about it he gives
a general history of the labor camp
system he also talked about his own
experiences he spent several years in
the gulag himself and he kind of
intersperses his own experiences within
the larger tale of the history of Soviet
Russia which
not to spoil it for you but if I had to
summarize the two volumes that I've read
if I had to summarize two thousand pages
I would say it all boils down to this
Soviet Russia not a fun place it turns
out actually not not a great place if
you ever get in a time machine or trying
to decide where to go don't go to Soviet
Russia because you will end up at a
gulag and you're not going to enjoy it I
know it's kind of a shocker
so he he recounts one scene in the book
that I thought was the most powerful
illustration of married love to be
executed
yes what happened that his wife on her
way to come visit him of course not
knowing about any of this he wanted to
see his wife one more time and he
certainly didn't want her to come all
that way and then discover that he'd
just been killed
now I'm sure he was also worried that if
she showed up and he'd just been
executed what he was being executed that
they may arrest her for knowing about it
because that's the way things worked in
Soviet Russia is that if your family
member was arrested whatever happened to
them whatever their fate was wherever
they ended up whether it was in a camp
in Siberia or six feet underground you
weren't allowed to know and so if she
did find out that may put her in
jeopardy so he pleaded with the with the
guards and asked them to allow him to
see his wife one last time when she
comes and just to spend some time with
her and he assured the guards that once
she leaves he will offer himself up to
be executed and the guards agreed but of
course the condition is you can't tell
your wife you can't even hint at it
she cannot come to find out or suspect
that there's something bad about to be
happening about to happen to you
so not he couldn't even let a facial
expression cross his face that may tip
her off we spent two or three days with
her they were together the whole time
and he never hinted he never let on
except for one brief moment when they
were taking a walk by a lake and his
wife looked over and caught him for a
moment clutching clutching his head in
torment and agony thinking about what he
was about to face and she asked him what
was wrong and he quickly said nothing
and then finally when her visit was over
she got on the boat the boat was pulling
away and as the boat was pulling away he
was already undressing
and preparing to be shot now I find this
so powerful because it's an example the
most extreme example I've encountered of
a man shouldering a burden carrying a
cross for his family being in emotional
anguish and not sharing it not talking
about it keeping it to himself carrying
the load by himself and this is what men
not quite to this extent but hopefully
most of us but this is basically what we
are meant to do for our families we are
meant to shoulder burdens to carry
across we're told to love our wives like
Christ loved the church and we know that
Christ died for the church he suffered
and sacrificed
and he also didn't complain either he
did it with patience and grace and love
there was only there was just the one
the one moment the one very human moment
in the garden at Gethsemane where Jesus
wanted some of the apostles there in
this really vulnerable painful moment
for Christ but famously they fell asleep
on the job and so they couldn't even
give him that little bit of comfort the
one time that he asked for it so that's
what we're called to do to strive to
carry the largest portion of the burden
that we can and to do it without
complaining without holding it against
our wives or our children without
resentment without demanding
acknowledgement without martyring
ourselves without feeling the need to
constantly talk about it
we're called in other words to be
stressed and to have anxiety and not
constantly saying oh I'm so stressed I'm
so stressed out everyone listen to me
about my stress I have so much anxiety
listen no we're called to sometimes just
shut up and deal with it and not force
everyone around us including our wives
to accompany us in our self-pity and
misery all the time I think as modern
men we tend to make one of two mistakes
when it comes to this or perhaps we make
both mistakes we could number one
flat-out refuse to carry the burden or
to carry any burden at all we may allow
ourselves and some husbands allow our
happy to allow their wives to just carry
the entire burden by themselves a lot of
some husbands are fine
letting their wives do all the work feel
all the stress while they go out and
they go downstairs and play video games
or watch porn I think especially of the
families where you see them at church
and the when the mother is there with
her kids and she's trying to keep them
all in line in the pew the husband's
nowhere to be seen because he's at home
and his pajamas watching TV
the spiritual formation of a child is a
very difficult thing and keeping kids
quiet in church is just the this the
easiest aspect of it so very it could be
a very painful challenging thing to
shoulder that burden the burden of
spiritually of putting your children on
the right path spiritually and guarding
them against all the dangers and
spiritual dangers that are out there and
some men are perfectly fine allowing
their wives to take all of that on
completely alone and it is to call it
shameful is is a massive understatement
the second mistake we may make is well
okay we may do our part to some extent
shoulder some of the burden at least but
we've listened to much to modern notions
of manhood
we have listened to much to modern ideas
about how the genders are supposed to
interact we've become too anxious to
take art the culture up on its
invitation for us to spill our guts
constantly and to complain about our
stress and to share every last anxiety
that we have with the world and with our
wives I think there are men who you know
they'll tell their wives everything
every word every fear if they're in pain
emotional physical whatever they'll make
sure they're why even know it they'll
make sure everyone around them knows it
now here's the thing of course we should
share quite a bit with our wives and
there was a time when men were obviously
too closed up to silent they were just
too close the book
it's like robots in the home he had no
emotion whatsoever
and that meant that they had really no
bond you know there's there's it's hard
to have the intimacy it's hard to have
bond with your wife when you're not
letting her in at all
but I think we've overcorrected now
we've overcompensated some of us and if
we had to choose between the two
extremes I think we're better off on the
silent you know strong silent type end
of the spectrum than on this side of the
spectrum where we're so in touch with
our emotions that we're just constantly
eager to share them with everyone not
just our wives but the other day I saw
on my newsfeed and this is not an
uncommon sight you see this all the time
I saw a guy that adult male probably
about my age unleash a whole torrent of
personal complaints and anxieties right
there on the internet for everybody to
see for public consumption
I don't know if this guy is married but
if he is I can only imagine how often
his wife must be forced to listen to him
complain and moan about every will worry
and misfortune and heartache that he has
I think a balance is needed here but the
fact remains that sometimes I believe a
man has to carry a fear a worry a
concern a pain and to keep it to himself
carry it himself
I think a man has to sometimes be
willing to be stressed out and not show
it tired and not show it fed up and not
show it exhausted stressed out anxious
whatever and not show it to carry it
with dignity not to feel the need to
vent I guess that's what we call it
these days is venting and I don't want
to get off on a tangent here but venting
is generally an entirely selfish pursuit
it usually when we when we say we're
venting to somebody whether it's our you
know spouse or anybody when we say we're
venting what that means is we're just
piling toxic fumes and negativity upon
it right on top of some unsuspecting
innocent person because it makes us feel
better it's it's it's real it's like
rigueur it's just vomiting negativity
right on top of someone's head and say I
just had to vent I hope you don't mind
and then the person they have now
they're covered in your negativity and
they're like okay what am I supposed to
do with this thank you for unleashing
all of that on me
that's men and women I think I think all
of us all men and women well we're these
days we're all a little bit too eager to
vent and to constantly complain all the
time but a man especially I think has to
be willing sometimes to come home from
work where he deals with not only the
stress of earning a living but also the
underlying stress a constant stress of
being a being responsible for sustaining
and feeding his family and the worries
that come with that the what-ifs what
thenns all the different things but he
has to come home and be immediately
thrust back into family life and the
duties of family life with all of those
concerns and stresses and
responsibilities that come with that and
he has to make that transition suddenly
like flipping a switch just like that
and with without always letting on how
exhausted I'll burden he feels
because not everything should be shared
sometimes a man should be willing to be
a man and carry it himself that's not to
say that he can never speak with his
wife about anything hopefully his wife
will understand what her husband does
for the family and what he goes through
and she'll try to give him a break even
if he doesn't ask for one and hopefully
he'll try to get her brakes hopefully we
have a marriage like that but there
should still be that quiet dignity that
quiet strength which shoulders and
carries and indoors and does it in a way
that isn't always noticed and isn't
always begging for appreciation and for
acknowledgement
but he just fulfills his duty in love
and sacrifice
I think that's what's missing of course
not in every case but that's what's
missing generally from American manhood
is quiet strength and dignity that is
that's that's part of a man's of a man's
role I think just a thought just a
thought from a Soviet labor camp thanks
for watching everybody thanks for
listening I hope you have a great day
Godspeed
