it turns out that North Korea is trying
to cut a deal with President Trump you
know that crazy president Trump that
threatening President Trump that
President Trump we just pulled out of
the Iran deal and North Korea is now
trying to cut some sort of deal with
President Trump the latest evidence
being that Mike Pompeo the Secretary of
State a good Secretary of State unlike
John Kerry is on his way to North Korea
and he is about expected to return with
three Americans detained in North Korea
hey two of the detainees Tony Kim and
Kim hawk song have been held since 2017
the third detainee dong-chul Kim was
arrested in October 2015 and sentenced
to 10 years in prison with hard labor
for espionage Pompeyo said he'd be
meeting with senior North Korean leaders
he didn't know if he'd be meeting with
Kim he said we're prepared to me with
anyone who is speaking on behalf of the
North Korean government and can give us
solid answers so we're prepared I do
have to say that the funniest part of
this particular story is that that third
detainee dong-chul Kim he was arrested
in October 2015 and he's presumably been
held in solitary confinement he's been
held away from the world imagine his
reaction when he arrives in the United
States and is met on the tarmac by
President Donald Trump right he has no
idea the Trump is president it's gonna
be amazing he's gonna get off the plane
and Donald Trump Lee hello I'm the
president now and he's just giving what
but that's the guy who freedom okay
that's the guy who got him free
and again this is this is the entire
point all the foreign policy geniuses
all the diplomats he said Donald Trump
is gonna blow up the world just like
george w bush they're all cowboys all
these cowboys the only two the only the
only example in the recent past maybe
it's North Korea now that'd be the other
one the only example in the recent past
of a country voluntarily giving up its
nuclear weapons would be Libya during
the Bush administration the reason they
gave up their nuclear weapons is because
George W Bush invaded Iraq and took down
Saddam Hussein and the American military
destroyed Saddam Hussein's military in
three weeks and Muammar Qaddafi said oh
boy that's scary what if I just hand
over this yellow cake to you right now
and the United States said all right
sure it turns out that dictators who are
scared operate in ways that are much
more conducive to the American public
interest than dictators who are
emboldened do you think the Iran deal
embolden dictators or do you think that
the Iran deal made them more afraid of
American military might do you think
that it made them afraid of America's
commitment or do you think that it made
them seek America's pusillanimous
surrender pretty obvious
which because if you were a country
pursuing nuclear weapons you would look
at Iran and say look I'm gonna pursue
nuclear weapons as well because Barack
Obama will sign any deal with me I can
make any lie that I want he will hand me
any amount of money and then in ten
years I can do what I want anyway so why
the hell not right you think that North
Korea wouldn't accept Obama's deal if
Obama had put his deal on the table for
North Korea do you think that North
Korea witness said listen you you lift
all the sanctions you give us hundreds
of billions of dollars and we'll promise
well we'll cross our fingers and hope to
die we'll cross our hearts and hope to
die that we'll get rid of that nuclear
program mr. president don't worry we'll
take care of it do you think that they
wouldn't have accepted that deal of
course they would have accepted that
deal and they would have been lying they
accepted the same deal from Clinton they
accepted the same deal from George W
Bush and they would have accepted it
from Obama anyway okay but with Trump
they don't get to accept that deal I
hope we hope the president Trump is a
stalwart with regard to North Korea as
he has been with regard to Iran but it's
pretty clear that North Koreans think
that they're going to have to do
something to please president Trump
which is the reason that they just
released three North Koreans remember I
mean three American citizens from North
Korea remember that's three American
citizens released from North Korea under
President Trump
remember that otto warmbier was killed
in North Korea President Trump was the
president any president Obama was the
president when otto warmbier was taken
into custody in North Korea and he did
nothing zero things none hey I don't
wanna be here was given back to the
United States after he was effectively
brain-dead you know only after Trump
took office so clearly there's a bit of
a math change here Trump has changed
something and you know that I'm not a
guy who idly gives credit to President
Trump he gets a lot of credit for
adjusted on the Iran deal and so far
what he's been doing that North Korea
it's showing results now I'm still
skeptical that something great comes out
of it but we will find out at least his
strategy's a lot better than President
Obama's I'm gonna surrender at the first
available opportunity to anyone who
shows adverse interest to the United
States
