president Trump kills the Iran zeal the
West Virginia primary ends Dan
Blankenship's wild hopes and Michael
Cohen could be even more hot water i'm
ben shapiro this is the ben shapiro show
well out a lot a lot a lot of news
breaking yesterday and today and we'll
go through all that first however I want
to say thanks to our sponsor is over at
filter by so when's the last time you
checked the filters in your central air
system
I know sexy stuff now you go home and
you think man what I could really go for
right now is check in my air filters but
here's the problem if you don't you
could not only be breathing a bunch of
gunk you could also be destroying your
HVAC system which could lead to
thousands of dollars in repairs so stop
procrastinating and visit my friends a
filter by America's leading provider of
HVAC filters for home and small
businesses they carry over 600 different
filter sizes even custom ones all
shipped free within 24 hours they're
manufactured right here in the United
States we use them here at the daily
wear offices we use them at the shapiro
household as well filter by offers a
multitude of em e RV options all the way
up to hospital grade so check your
system specifications so you can pick
the right option maximize efficiency and
elevate the quality of the air that you
breathe in they also have an auto
delivery system and that means that you
never need to think about air filters
again so instead he's sitting around and
musing about air filters you just order
them and then they show up when they're
supposed to they show up at your house
and you save 5% so save money save time
and breathe better with filter by com
that's filter bu why.com again filter by
dot-com there's a reason we use it here
at the office there's a reason that I
use it my house filter by dot-com go
check it out right now
okay so the big news from yesterday is
that President Trump has now revoked the
Iran deal and this of course was
supposed to end the world all of human
life would be ended by President Trump
pulling out of one of the crappier deals
of all time we'll go through the Obama
teams wild dismay at all of this I mean
the the crying the sobbing could be
heard for miles around from President
Obama's house in Georgetown and you know
my left is tears tumblr just started
filling up right to the top magically it
just started filling up because of the
leftist years that were happening
because of President Trump revoking the
Iran deal a strong move by President
Trump a correct move by President Trump
here was President Trump what it looked
like yesterday what it sounded like when
he was revoking the Iran deal not only
does the deal fail to halt Iran's
nuclear ambitions but it also fails to
address the regime's development of
ballistic missiles that could deliver
nuclear warheads the Iran deal is
defective
at its core if we do nothing we know
exactly what will happen in just a short
period of time the world's leading state
sponsor of Terror
will be on the cusp of acquiring the
world's most dangerous weapons therefore
I am announcing today that the United
States will withdraw from the Iran
nuclear deal okay so here's the reason
why this is great okay what President
Trump is basically doing is he's saying
listen Iran you can have a nuclear
program or hopes aspirations toward a
nuclear program or you can have an
economy you cannot have both because
what this effectively is going to do is
to snapback sanctions now it's possible
Congress may have to pass new sanctions
but that will happen Congress will pass
new sanctions against Iran already
foreign companies that do business with
Iran are being put in the crosshairs of
the u.s. of the US financial system the
companies like Boeing that have just
signed major contracts with Iran those
contracts are gonna have to be revoked
as well they should be Iran has been
using billions of dollars provided to
them by the United States in order to
pursue terrorism around the world Iran
has been using all that money to build
up its nuclear program there their
missile program more specifically the
nuclear program has sort of been on hold
but they've maintained all of their
technology and they were just going to
relaunch that as soon as the deadline
was up which was gonna happen in 2025
anyway so Iran has been they built up
the military I believe 40% since the
Iran deal all despite a a massive
decline in their economy well which goes
to show that these were not a bunch of
moderates the lie that we were sold by
the Obama administration is that there
were a bunch of moderates in Iran and if
we could just reach out to those
moderates in the Iranian administration
and if we could give them something like
money if we could just give them money
then maybe they would be emboldened to
make friends with us maybe they would
become friendly maybe they would stop
everything they've been doing with this
nuclear program and this is the lie that
the Obama administration sold it was a
lie it Ben Rhodes admitted as much he
admitted there are no moderates in the
Iranian administration Hassan rouhani is
not a moderate and the fact that the
Obama administration lied about it
allowed the deal to go through
well Oh bomb atoll a bunch of lies about
this yesterday he was very upset because
his Cygnet foreign policy achievement
really his only foreign policy
achievement was this Iran deal and here
is what he said he said the reality is
clear the jcpoa is working that is a
view shared by our European allies
independent experts and the current US
Secretary of Defense the jcpoa that's
the joint joint coalition agreement is
it America's interest in a significantly
rolled back Iran's nuclear program it
has not significantly rolled back around
nuclear program all it has done is put
it on hold briefly while Iran takes all
of that money and builds up all of their
other capabilities Obama made sure that
the Iran deal did not include
restrictions on funding of terrorism or
development of ballistic missile
technology those are the two
technologies that one hooked up to the
bomb boom you have a nuclear weapon and
at least two delivery mechanisms
ballistic missiles and terrorist groups
funded by Iran Obama then added that
some of the countries of Europe have
signed on to the deal in the belief that
the Iranians can be trusted quote
walking away from the jcpoa turns our
back on America's closest allies and an
agreement that our country's leading
diplomats scientists and intelligence
professionals negotiated okay first of
all no one like the deal when it was
signed the polls showed Americans did
not like the Iran deal when it was
signed he could not get a majority of
Congress to approve his deal this was
not a treaty because he could not get 60
senators to approve of the jcpoa as for
the notion that the Iran GL's
abandonment turns our back on American
allies that's kind of weird because it
seems like all of our allies in the
region like our actual allies in the
region are pretty excited that we're
walking away from the deal here for
example it's been through Ben Netanyahu
the Prime Minister of Israel
here is his response to the announcement
Israel fully supports president Trump's
bold decision today to reject the
disastrous nuclear deal with the
terrorist regime in Tehran Israel has
opposed the nuclear deal from the start
because we said that rather than
blocking Iran's path to a bomb the deal
actually paves Iran's path to an entire
arsenal of nuclear bombs and this within
a few years time okay and this of course
is exactly true by the way it's not just
Israel who supports Trump's move here
Saudi Arabia supports Trump's moved here
the UAE supports Trump's move here Egypt
will support Trump's move here Jordan
will support from smoove here Obama
built in anti-iranian alliance because
he was so Pro Ron this was the
unintended consequence of Obama's
foreign policy from 2007 on Barack Obama
was pursuing a foreign policy he wanted
a foreign policy that made around a
regional power
this caused Saudi Arabia and Egypt and
Jordan to look at Israel and say we
might need to make common cause with the
Jews in order to fight off the Iranians
and that's exactly what has happened
hey Obama is still out there defending
the deal of course he says that the
agreement was an agreement between my
administration and the Iranian
government and look at all these other
countries who are mad well how about the
fact that this was an agreement that was
not approved by Congress in the first
place again a free tea must be approved
by two-thirds of the Senate okay it is
not something that can be done just
because the President of the United
States signs a piece of paper which is
the reason that Trump could simply come
out and rip up the piece of paper in the
first place
hey Obama also argued that the jcpoa had
worked in rolling back Iran's nuclear
program that is not true in the
slightest David Albright is the
president founder of the Institute for
Science and International Security he
told Bloomberg after Israeli
intelligence retrieved a warehouse full
of documents related to the Iranian
nuclear program quote the most
significant thing is that this is a
warehouse collection intended to be used
later for reconstitution they could have
destroyed those documents but these were
being carefully protected and hidden
with the intent to read intention to
reuse them when they launched their
weapons program in other words Iran is
already looking at the possibility of
ramping up their nuclear program and as
soon as this deal was killed as soon as
Trump said the deal was over the
Iranians immediately responded by
suggesting that they were going to
restart their nuclear program and also
fund more terrorism so that sort of
gives the light of the idea these were a
bunch of moderates who had been
emboldened by Trump if they're really
moderates if they're really moderates
than what you would have expected is
that Trump kills the deal they say oh
well that's that's really terrible you
know I really think that we should get
rid of our nuclear program anyway
because we're moderate let's reach out
to the Obama administration to the Trump
administration rather and let's try to
cut a new deal with the Trump
administration and said they said nope
you know what gonna ramp that nuclear
program right back up here was their
actual response because it's clip 13
there's their actual response of Iranian
members of parliament which as a shadow
parliament doesn't really exist anyway
burning a US flag on the floor of the
Iranian parliament and chanting death to
America in Farsi
and what you're watching here what
you're hearing is the sound of them
trying to use a lighter to light flagon
than their chanting death to America the
entire Parliament chanting death to
America okay so number one has been Tom
and its points out their garbage with
lighters they just don't know how they
work apparently and then in the Iranian
parliament but second of all these were
the moderates right these are these are
the people in Parliament these were the
people that Obama supposedly wanted to
elevate to power pretty amazing pretty
amazing so you know again these these
are the folks that we were supposed to
trust with all this but Obama thinks
that they are trustworthy he thinks
they're great he says that Iran is
complying with the agreement he says
that the US intelligence community has
continued to find that Iran is meeting
its responsibilities under the deal
again the point being that the deal
itself was so fatally flawed that Iran
could fund Hezbollah Iran could fund
commas or on confront al-qaeda around to
develop intercontinental ballistic
missiles none of that would have
violated the deal because Obama signed a
garbage deal because Obama was a garbage
president hey finally Obama argues that
the jcpoa does not expire here's here's
just a lie he says their prohibition on
Iran after obtaining a nuclear weapon is
permanent some of the most important and
intrusive inspections codified by the
jcpoa are permanent even as some
provisions in the jcpoa do become less
strict time this won't happen until 10
15 20 25 years into the deal yeah except
that that's a complete lie everybody
knows that as soon as this deal is up in
10 years which really means in eight
years at this point
Iran was going to rush to build a
nuclear weapon and again they say that
that's exactly what they're going to do
right now it's not just Barack Obama
making these idiotic claims it's all
some members of his administration the
pod the pod saved Tehran crowd is very
upset about all of this all the people
over at positive America I've invited
people from positive America on this
program before by the way they're not
interested well I'm not surprised but
it's not just it's not just Obama it's
all of his former lackeys who are very
very upset about the Samantha power
tweeted she's the former UN Ambassador
she tweeted quote I will never forget
the dark cloud that hung over the White
House in the years Iran was advancing
nuclear program and Obama was briefed on
all the risks of using military force
Trump has demolished America's
credibility and paved the way for Iran
to restart its nuclear program first of
all there's this really weird nostalgia
that Samantha power is talking about
where you know there was a dark and
terrible time when Iran was a threat to
the world and then then came the Iran
deal and the
you'll solved all the problems okay
let's be real about this for a second
Samantha power is a person who wrote a
book it made her famous all about why
the US could not stand idly by during
genocides
she then presided over Syrian policy
that results in the slaughter of half a
million human beings in Syria
and she strengthened the regime that
backed the Syrian regime namely the
Iranian regime so oh how terrible
those dead those dark days when Iran was
a threat around still a threat to the
world
Iran's been more of a threat to the
world since the jcpoa and they were
before the jcpoa Iran has increased its
development of ballistic missile
technology they've increased their
funding of terrorism they've increased
their military budget they've continued
to back Assad they've taken over Lebanon
they've pushed Hamas into prominence
again they've pushed in Yemen Iranian
Iranian backed parties into power and
yet Samantha power thinks the Trump is
the real problem here then there's Ben
Rhodes the former Obama national
security aide he tweeted quote one
tragicomic element of trumps presidency
is the more he tries to tear down
Obama's legacy the bigger he makes Obama
look first of all Ben Rhodes a former
fiction writer who wrote fiction on the
Iran deal and he's the one who went out
and admitted to the American public that
he lied over and over and over about the
Imran deal that so had Obama talking
about moderates in Iran in a second
underplay you the inspiring words of
John Kerry whose face isn't a stage of
full-on collapse it's like um as a
former friend of mine used to say his
face looks like it's a mudslide in the
Hollywood Hills well we'll get the
latest from John Kerry in just a second
first I want to say thanks to our
sponsors over at wink so if you are a
backer of the Iran deal you need a drink
right now
and if you're not a backer of the Iran
deal you also need a drink right now
because hey you know you could use a
drink
pop one open well that's what wink is
for wink WINZ is a great resource they
make enjoying downtime a lot easier
because they make it easy to discover
great wine winks wine experts selected
wines match to your taste personalized
for you shipped right to your door and
starting just 13 bucks a bottle there's
nothing like coming home to a box of
delicious wink wine selected for you it
is the best day of your month people
around the office we had a taste test
here at the office suffice it to say our
employees were very happy that day fill
out Winx palate profile quiz answer
simple questions that your average store
clerk would not ask or translate into a
recommendation questions like how do you
take your coffee and how do you feel
about blueberries and then they
recommend a wine just for you this is
also great if you have to go to a party
and bring a wine and you don't know the
difference between wine and kool-aid
well wink can make sure that you
bring the best bottle of wine to that
party and every month there are new
delicious wines they have an insanely
popular summer water rose a right now no
membership fees you can skip any month
you can cancel anytime and shipping is
covered and if you don't like about all
they send you they will replace it with
a bottle that you do love no questions
have so discover great wine today go to
try wink calm / man that's t ry winc
calm / man you get 20 bucks off your
first shipment that's try wink calm /
bend to get 20 bucks off your first trip
and again it's try wink calm / Ben go
check it out use that / bennett's they
know that we sent you okay so John Kerry
had been spending the last couple of
weeks running around the globe trying to
gin up support for this garbage deal he
was very upset yesterday and here he was
ripping into president from John Kerry
reporting for duty what the president
has done by withdrawing unilaterally is
placed the United States in breach of
this agreement he has literally taken a
situation where there was no crisis and
created crisis by transferring to Iran
sanctions that were meant with respect
to the nuclear agreement itself that
what the president has done is
unilaterally broken a multilateral
agreement that was working to prevent a
Tran piece of crap Secretary of State
he's just a terrible Secretary of State
Trump had every right to do this you
know why because you and your garbage
administration decided to push this
agreement through without the approval
of the American public or the Congress
end of story okay Congress has final say
on treaties you decided to go it alone
and guess what that's how it works if
you sign an executive order Trump can
reverse that executive order and if you
sign an agreement without the permission
of Congress then Trump can revoke that
too and that's exactly what Trump did
yesterday so good for Trump good for
Trump and John Kerry Bell was one of the
worst secretaries of state in American
history just really an awful Secretary
of State look at the breakdown on the
global stage of America's credibility
Trump restored that credibility
yesterday even finish that credibility
didn't hurt that credibility he helped
restore that credibility in the first
place the reason he helped restore that
credibility is very simple America's
credibility was shot we had lied to our
own people in order to promote to her on
and now Trump said no
and you can see the effect of this okay
and I'll show you that you can see the
effect of this here's how okay so today
Mike Pompeo is going to return to the
United States with several detainees
from North Korea and so that what the
line was supposed to be that Donald
Trump was going to blow up the world not
all Trump was going to lead to nuclear
proliferation everywhere Donald Trump
was going to lead to conflagrations that
would consume millions of human beings
and the latest indicator of this was
that he pulled out of the Iran deal and
that North Korea would therefore say
well we can't trust the United States to
keep a deal we signed with them
therefore we must pursue nuclear weapons
right now except that's not what's
happening is it that's not what's
happening in the slightest instead it
turns out that North Korea is trying to
cut a deal with President Trump you know
that crazy president Trump that
threatening President Trump that
President Trump we just pulled out of
the Iran deal and North Korea is now
trying to cut some sort of deal with
President Trump the latest evidence
being that Mike Pompeo the Secretary of
State a good Secretary of State unlike
John Kerry is on his way to North Korea
and he is about he expected to return
with three Americans detained in North
Korea
two of the detainees tony kim and kim
hak-sun have been held since 2017 the
third detainee dong-chul Kim was
arrested in October 2015 and sentenced
to ten years in prison
with hard labor for espionage Pompeyo
said he'd be meeting with senior North
Korean leaders he didn't know if he'd be
meeting with Kim he said we're prepared
to meet with anyone who is speaking on
behalf of the North Korean government
and can give us solid answers so we're
prepared I do have to say that the
funniest part of this particular story
is that that third detainee dong-chul
Kim he was arrested in October 2015 and
he's presumably been held in solitary
confinement he's been held away from the
world imagine his reaction when he
arrives in the United States and his met
on the tarmac by President Donald Trump
right he has no idea the Trump is
president it's gonna be amazing
he's gonna get off the plane and Donald
Trump Lee hello I'm the president now
and he's just giving what but that's the
guy who freedom okay that's the guy who
got him free and again this is this is
the entire point all the foreign policy
geniuses all the diplomats he said
Donald Trump is gonna blow up the world
just like george w bush they're all
cowboys all these cowboys the only two
the only the only example in the recent
past maybe it's North Korea now that'd
be the other one the only example in the
recent past of a country voluntarily
giving up its nuclear weapons would be
Libya during the Bush
administration the reason they gave up
their nuclear weapons is because George
W Bush invaded Iraq and took down Saddam
Hussein and the American military
destroyed Saddam Hussein's military in
three weeks and Muammar Qaddafi said oh
boy
that's scary what if I just hand over
this yellow cake to you right now and
the United States said all right sure it
turns out that dictators who are scared
operate in ways that are much more
conducive to the American public
interest than dictators who are
emboldened do you think the Iran deal
embolden dictators or do you think that
the Iran deal made them more afraid of
American military might do you think
that it made them afraid of America's
commitment or do you think that it made
them seek America's pusillanimous
surrender pretty obvious which is which
because if you were a country pursuing
nuclear weapons you would look at Iran
and say look I'm gonna pursue nuclear
weapons as well because Barack Obama
will sign any deal with me I can make
any lie that I want he will hand me any
amount of money and then in ten years I
can do it I want anyway so why the hell
not
you think that North Korea wouldn't
accept Obama's deal if Obama had put his
deal on the table for North Korea you
think that North Korea wouldn't I said
listen you you lift all the sanctions
you give us hundreds of billions of
dollars and we'll promise well we'll
cross our fingers and hope to die we'll
cross our hearts and hope to die that
will get rid of that nuclear program mr.
president don't worry we'll take care of
it do you think that they wouldn't have
accepted that deal of course they would
have accepted that deal and they would
have been lying they accepted the same
deal from Clinton they accepted the same
deal from george w bush and they would
have accepted it from obama anyway okay
but with trump
they don't get to accept that deal I
hope right we hope that President Trump
is a stalwart with regard to North Korea
as he has been with regard to Iran but
it's pretty clear that North Koreans
think that they're going to have to do
something to please President Trump
which is the reason that they just
released three North Koreans remember I
mean three American citizens from North
Korea remember that's three American
citizens released from North Korea under
President Trump
remember that otto warmbier was killed
in North Korea President Trump was the
president any president Obama was the
president when otto warmbier was taken
into custody in North Korea and he did
nothing zero things none hey I don't
want to be here was given back to the
United States after he was effectively
brain-dead you know only after Trump
took office so clearly there's a bit of
a math change here
Trump has changed something and you know
that I'm not a guy who idly gives credit
to President Trump he gets a lot of
credit for adjusted on the Iran deal and
so far what he's been doing on North
Korea it's showing where's
now I'm still skeptical that something
great comes out of it but we will find
out at least his strategies a lot better
and President Obama's I'm gonna
surrender at the first available
opportunity to anyone who shows adverse
interest to the United States okay
meanwhile last night in West Virginia
there was a primary and that primary in
West Virginia was shall we say amusing
there was a guy named Don Blankenship
and Don Blankenship you shall recall
what was this was this crazed mine owner
who just his probation literally ended
the day of the election so he'd been on
probation the reason he'd been on
probation is because there was a mine
collapse in which he was found negligent
and he had to do prison time so that was
pretty great and and in just a second
I'm going to explain to you how that
West Virginia primary one town first I
want to say thanks to our sponsors over
at policy genius so 80 percents of
people think life insurance costs double
what it actually cost not only that
almost a hundred percent - people think
buying life insurance is a pain in the
butt the truth is a healthy 35 year olds
can get half a million dollars in
coverage for less than 30 bucks a month
and getting life insurance doesn't
actually have to be complicated because
there is policy genius okay
you need to go buy life insurance right
now like there are a lot of terrible
stories about terrible things happening
to people and the family being left
breath because the person who died
didn't bother going to get life
insurance if you're a responsible person
you will right now pause this podcast
pause this show and you will go get your
life insurance from policy genius right
now it's the easy way to compare life
insurance online in just five minutes
you can compare quotes from the top
insurers to find the best policy for you
they've helped over 4 million people
shop for insurance and placed over 20
billion dollars in coverage and they
don't just make life insurance easy they
also do disability insurance renter's
insurance health insurance if you care
about insuring it they can cover it for
you so if you've been thinking about
getting that life insurance go to policy
genius.com it is the easy way to compare
top insurers and find the best policy
for you you'll be saving time money and
hassle and it is indeed free policy
genius.com
policy genius comparing life insurance
does not need to be a pain in the butt
okay so as I mentioned the West Virginia
primary happens yesterday and Tom
Blankenship goes down in absolute flames
so Don Blankenship was of course this
mine owner in West Virginia who had cut
in ads suggesting that Mitch McConnell
was in fact cocaine Mitch which would be
amazing if Mitch McConnell ran coke
that is the least effective coke of all
time and just just saying Mitch
McConnell that dudes a turtle
and if you think the Mitch McConnell is
what if that's Mitch McConnell on a high
I'd really hate I mean he he'd be dead
right I mean then the answer would be
that without cocaine he'd be dead if
you're really cocaine Mitch but in any
case Don Blankenship had called him
cocaine Mitch and then he had suggested
that McConnell's campaign was funded by
China people which was great and there
was a debate in which Blankenship
apparently did pretty well and there are
a couple of polls that were leaked to
the press now the problem was the polls
leaked to the press about Blankenship
didn't have any underlying details so
it's quite possible there was
Blankenship rivals in the race who are
leaking those pulls out in order to
drive down Blankenship's numbers saying
okay well Blankenship might win that
means everybody has to show up because
Blankenship is a crazy person when a
Blankenship got blown out by
double-digits he finnish for about 20
percent of the vote and this led Mitch
McConnell to actually tweet out it was
pretty funny to actually tweet this out
thanks for playing Don and it's a
picture of Mitch McConnell surrounded by
cocaine to understand this joke you have
to have seen the show narcos on netflix
because here's the actual poster for the
show narcos on netflix so narcos is
about the distribution of cocaine by
pablo escobar so they just Photoshop
Mitch McConnell into Pablo Escobar's
body basically the slogan for narcos by
the ways there's no business like blow
business so Mitch McConnell trolling Don
Blankenship now is it appropriate for
Mitch McConnell to do that probably not
is it funny yeah it's kind of funny and
again I can't blame Mitch McConnell too
much since since Don Blankenship had
suggested that Mitch McConnell's wife
was a China person I don't even know
what that means but there are a couple
of instructive things about about the
Blankenship race okay so number one
Blankenship lost for a couple of reasons
one is clearly not but also it is true
that Blankenship had no shot of winning
in a general election now people said
the same thing about Roy Moore but the
truth is that sons the allegations about
Roy Moore in Alabama of going after
fourteen-year-old girls
Roy Moore would've won that race walking
away despite all of his toxic views
despite all of the things that he had
said in the past Don Blankenship it was
pretty clear that he wasn't going
anywhere
Roy Moore probably was going somewhere
if it not been for that late-breaking
scandal you know so it is so Blankenship
let's put this way the Republican
primary voter has not suddenly
rediscovered moderation or sober
republicanism it's just that the
Republican primary voters still
understands that there are some
candidates who are bound to lose because
they're just too crazy for school okay
Roy Ward's apparently does not break
that barrier but Don Blankenship did now
what is also hilarious is there's
there's one guy and I have to analyze
what he had to say is West Virginia guy
his relatives died in the Blankenship
mine disaster and he said that he voted
for Don Blankenship anyway why do you
vote for Don Blankenship because this
you had cousins who died in that mind as
a career three of them three of your
cousins died in that mine disaster and
you're gonna vote for Blankenship
exactly I want an honest crook and
that's Blankenship okay so I think
there's a lot to this that I want an
honest crook and that's why I can check
Americans are so cynical about politics
right now that they would rather have
somebody who is obviously a gangster in
a position of power than somebody who
pretends to be genteel and they think is
secretly doing something on the sly
rights they'd rather have somebody who's
just a crook outright then somebody who
they think is is hiding the ball I think
that this is the 2016 election nutshell
I think a lot of people saw that Donald
Trump was Donald Trump they're like okay
at least the guy's an honest crook or at
least Donald Trump is an honest Donald
Trump if not a crook than Donald Trump
Donald Trump like the guy is the guy but
Hillary Clinton you know you don't know
what she's doing behind closed doors
because everything she says is a lie so
honesty authenticity now go a long way
in American politics the question is
whether we've gone so far that utter
cynicism means that nobody even a
sincere decent person running for
political office can be trusted and we
may be on the brink of that we may be at
the point in American politics where
anyone who is decent is seen as
insincere that anyone who is not a crook
is seen as actually a crook in disguise
if that's the case if we really go on
that fire in American politics it's
gonna be very difficult to elect to
anyone of decency ever again and I think
it's a miss Reid I think there are
politicians who are honest I mean off
the top of my head I think Senator Mike
Lee from Utah is an honest guy I think
he's not a crook and I think he's a
sincere guy and I think they're a bunch
of people in Congress like this I don't
think they're all bad folks I think the
lie that everyone in Congress is it is
obviously corrupt and they're all hiding
and they're all and they're all
attempting to to gain personally I don't
think that's true
and the problem with an honest crook is
that an honest crook is still a crook an
honest crook is still gonna screw you
you can trust that they're going to
screw you actually right Bill Clinton
was an honest crook and he did exactly
that right he
happy doing exactly that you know the
widespread feeling of corruption has
some pretty significant impacts on
American politics it also leads to
suspicions where none may be warranted
if you think everybody is corrupt you
know Donald Trump was it was fun I'm
saying this during the campaign he used
to say he had this sort of world-weary
attitude toward politics if you've ever
seen the Godfather Part one there's the
scene where Michael Corleone comes back
from Italy and he has he had formally
dated Kay Diane Keaton the worst actress
in human history and he had formally
dated Kay and he comes back and he's
having a conversation with Kay and he's
talking about how he wants her to marry
him and she says but you're a gangster
and he says well Kay do you the Senators
have people she says senators don't have
people killed presidents don't have
people killed and Michael says don't be
so naive Kay okay well you know it's a
good line but it's also not true
senators don't routinely have people
killed okay the reality is that when a
senator does kill someone like Teddy
Kennedy it has pretty significant
impacts on their public life senators do
not have the power to have people killed
governor's generally do not have the
power to have people killed Huey Long
might have been maybe the one exception
but it's not it's not a typical thing in
American politics that that would be
crook Russian gangster politics it is
not true in the United States that you
have to worry about you oppose senator
Kamala Harris in California and there's
gonna be a dead fish on your doorstep
the next day but Donald Trump had this
view of politics the problem is if all
of America has that view of politics
then everybody is going to assume that
there's corruption behind everything and
that actually redounds to Donald Trump's
detriment now that he is a politician
now that he's presidents of the United
States so as an example Michael Cohen is
Donald Trump's personal lawyer and
they're a bunch of allegations out today
from Michael a vanetti Michael a vanetti
is the lawyer for stormy Daniels that
Donald Trump's personal lawyer engaged
in something deeply corrupt now I'm
going to tell you the details there's no
evidence that any of this was actually
corrupt there isn't okay you couldn't
you can think that it was corrupt
you can suspect it was corrupt maybe
further evidence will show that it was
corrupt but everybody immediately jumps
to conclusions that there was corruption
going on even when there is no actual
line connecting the dots so here is what
we know The Daily Beast has now
confirmed that Donald Trump's personal
lawyer Michael Cohen received hundreds
of thousands of dollars from a company
connected to Russian oligarch viktor vet
scott vekselberg okay so this guy is
apparently connected to Vladimir Putin
the allegations were initially made by
Michael a vanetti that stormy Daniels
his lawyer okay so apparently the source
with the matter confirmed it there's a
dossier published by a vanetti on
Tuesday evening and here's what it said
vex o vekselberg and his cousin mr.
andrew in traitor routed eight payments
to mr. cohen through a company called
columbus nova LLC beginning in january
2017 and continuing until at least
August 2017 the funds a vanetti
suggested may have been used to
reimburse cohen for the hundred and
thirty thousand dollar payment made to
stormy Daniels in exchange for in
silence about an alleged affair with
Trump now that's a dot that has not been
connected okay so they're a couple of
dots here that have not been connected
one is this group Columbus Noba LLC a
Russian front group and two were they
paying Michael Cohen said Michael Cohen
would pay off Donald Trump's bills right
was it a bribe to Donald Trump
essentially from a Russian source there
we have three separate dots and there
are no lines connecting any of these
dots save dot number one which is that
there was a payment that was made by a
company to Michael Kahn dot number two
is that that company supposedly had to
do with the Russians and dot number
three is that that money was used to pay
off stormy Daniels but there's no actual
lines connecting these dots right
because the only facts that we do know
is that Michael Cohen got five hundred
thousand dollars from this company
Columbus Nova LLC we don't have any of
the other information confirmed none of
it hey there's a serious ongoing debate
over whether that company actually is a
Russian front group or not because in
traitor was a donor to the RNC
in June 2017 and traders donated thirty
five thousand bucks to a joint
fundraising committee for the RNC and
Trump's re-election campaign he also
gave a quarter million bucks to Trump's
inaugural committee so in trader and
Vekselberg have been active participants
in the US technology and media sectors
so here's an example Columbus Nova
technology partners they were the first
and only outside investor in Gawker
Media Columbus also backed the record
label a former Def Jam boss Lyor Cohen
invested in the streaming music pioneer
Rhapsody and put money behind a gig
economy site a genetic risk firm and a
company called tomfoolery incorporated
so there's an actual company okay it's
not just a cutout that is being used by
the Russians and Columbus Nova lawyer
Richard Owens of Latham and Watkins
which is a highly respected law firm
insisted that vekselberg did not have a
controlling interest in the firm quote
reports today that Viktor Vekselberg
used in Columbus Nova as a conduit for
payments to Michael Cohen or false
the claim that Viktor Vekselberg was
involved in or provided any funding for
Columbus Nova's engagement of Michael
Cohen is patently untrue
neither vekselberg nor anyone else
outside of Columbus Nova was involved in
the decision to hire Cohen or provided
funding for his engagement Columbus
Nova's own
website until Tuesday night said that
the company was the US investment
vehicle for the Renova group which is
Vekselberg asset management firm but it
is a u.s. investment vehicle for the
renova group it doesn't mean that they
don't have other money coming in I
decide also noted that in traders a
former director and current member of
the Executive Board of remote of Renova
apparently the page of the site was
removed Wednesday morning so it's
possible that a vanadis theory is
correct Vekselberg was recently
questioned by federal agents working
with robert muller by the way CNN
reported that the queries involved the
oligarchs payments to Cohen but there's
no hard evidence that this connection
has actually been made yet but because
everybody assumes the worst about
everybody in politics the assumption has
to be that Michael Collins did something
deeply deeply wrong ok in just a second
I'm going to show how this also hurts
Michael Cohen with regard to AT&T which
is supposedly paying Michael Cohen as
well first I want to say thanks to our
sponsors over at Legacy box so Mother's
Day is coming up and you're trying to
figure out what to get for your mom so
you can get her flowers which would be
great you should you should get her
chocolates you should do all those
things but I think that the best gift
that you can get for your parents is
preserving their memories because
honestly that sort of stuff tends to
fade into the woodwork it goes in the
garage it gets buried under piles of
crap you know it sits in your phone but
never gets printed out
well this Mother's Day what you can do
is give your mom the gift of legacy box
okay legacy box takes all your old VHS
and camcorder for tapes films photos it
converts them into perfectly preserved
digital files so instead of all this
garbage in your garage now you have it
all available on a thumb drive or a DVD
you can access it anytime you want if
there's a fire at your house you just
grab the DVD and you go everybody is
always asked what would you grab in case
of a fire and the answer always is photo
albums well instead of you having to
schlep photo albums out of the house
you've already got the thing right there
on your keychain all your memories are
right there on your keychain
they made it simple and safe over at
legacy box you send in your old pictures
and home movies and they put them on a
thumb drive or DVD and then you can sit
around and watch those precious memories
flash across the screen 400,000 families
have used legacy box to create over 3
million DVDs filled with countless
special memories so this Mother's Day
you ought to go over to legacy box and
legacy box is offering a one-time chance
only to save 50 percent at Legacy box
com /ban so special Mother's Day deal
legacy box com slash been for that deal
legacy box com slash man we've used it
at the Shapiro household I preserved
some memories for my parents it's just
it is it is so good I mean there there
really is nothing like
I think in terms of something you can do
for your parents and Mother's Day is a
perfect time to do it so check it out
legacy box comm slash men send all of
your old materials there and they send
you back to DVD or the thumb drive it's
just fantastic okay so am I going before
I go any further on the Michael : latest
first you're gonna have to go over to
Facebook you're gonna have to go to go
over to daily wire rather so for $9.99 a
month you get the rest of this show live
the rest of Michael Nolte show live
apparently Michael is on fire yesterday
not because I set him on fire but
apparently because he did a really good
show yesterday so you should go check it
out and by the way you also can ask
Michael questions because the
conversation is coming up on Tuesday May
15th so Michaels gonna sit there for an
hour answer your questions at 2:30 p.m.
Pacific 5:30 p.m. Eastern and I don't
know why you'd think he has answers but
if you think he does then you can go
check it out and you can ask him
questions live but only if you are a
subscriber the way it works is you can
watch it live at YouTube or at Facebook
but you can only ask a question if you
subscribe to ask questions as a
subscriber you go over to daily wire
comm and then you go over to the page
where you would watch a show and you
just type it into the chat box and
Alicia Kraus will sit there and curate
the questions and ensure that he has
asked all of your best questions so you
can check that out with this description
also you want the annual subscription
you get this the very greatest in
beverage vessels the leftist years hot
or cold tumbler it is cheaper than the
monthly is 99 dollars a year and it is
well worth the price because as I say
after that Iran zeal thing it just fills
up automatically with leftist years I
mean Trump is creating all sorts of them
on a daily basis if you just want to
listen to the show later head over to
iTunes head over to YouTube check us out
leave us a review please subscribe we
always appreciate we are the largest
fastest growing conservative podcast in
the nation
so as I say there's a lot of speculation
going on with regard to Michael Kahn and
this payment from a supposed source
according to The Daily Beast
if Michael have an ad store McDaniels
his lawyer his analysis is correct and
the payments violated federal banking
law then Cohen could be in serious legal
jeopardy they're reportedly concerns in
the president's inner circle that Kahn
could begin cooperating with
investigators and maybe he would flip on
Trump now what would he have to say
about Trump if he flipped on Trump who
knows I mean the answer is who knows and
they're rumors yesterday from New York
Magazine that seem not completely
illogical that the story about Eliot
Brody who is the former RNC chair that
Eliot broidy your book recall he was
also using Michael Cohen as a lawyer and
the suggestion was that he had paid off
a Playboy Playmate 1.6 million dollars
she'll get an abortion he had to resign
his slot at the RNC and he'd used
Michael Cohen as the go-between there's
a story from New York Magazine
suggesting that maybe it wasn't actually
broidy at all maybe Brody was taking the
fall as a cover-up for Trump I don't
know that that's supported I don't see
any evidence to support that as of yet
but if Cohen flips that could be a
serious problem but again I don't know
that the evidence is there yet that Cohn
was actually paid off by the Russians to
help out Trump or anything like that or
that he did anything illegal speaking of
an other non illegal activity that is
apparently deeply disturbing to everyone
a TNC confirmed Tuesday evening that it
paid Trump's personal lawyer Michael
Cohen in 2017 for quote insights into
understanding the new administration the
payments were revealed in a document
published by Stormy's annuals attorney
Mike 1180 Tuesday afternoon a vanetti
alleged that essential consultants a
show company set up by Cohen before the
election to pay Daniels was paid by
several corporations including AT&T at
the time AT&T was seeking government
approval for its acquisition of Time
Warner CNN's parent company a document
released by a vanetti stated that
essential received 200 grand in four
separate payments of 50 grand in late
2017 and early 2018 from AT&T
AT&T said no a central consulting was
one of several firms we engaged in early
2017 to provide insights into
understanding the new administration
they did no legal or lobbying work for
us and the contract ended in December
2017 okay but here is um here's one of
the problems okay so all of this may not
be illegal may turn out that none of
this is illegal that paying Trump's
lawyer to talk to them about what from
thinks is not illegal but it does stink
doesn't it I mean there there's
something about this that stinks to high
heaven the AT&T thing to me is more
disturbing than
reports about this firm paying Michael
Kohn $500,000 until we know more about
the firm and whether it in fact was a
Russian front group but AT&T handing
over $200,000 and apparently that number
might be higher to Michael Cohen for
nothing better than please advise us on
how President Trump thinks you can buy
Newt Gingrich's book for $11 like no you
don't need Michael Kony to do that this
looks like influence-peddling by Michael
Cohen out does that count formally as
bribery no it doesn't but it has
certainly swampy stuff it is swampy
stuff is precisely this sort of stuff
that Trump used to rail against when he
said that he was there to drain the
swamp so Michael Cohen is a swamp
creature President Trump needs to
extricate himself from the swamp as fast
as humanly possible I know that he's
used to operating inside a different
sort of swamp the swamp of New York real
estate where you have to cut deals with
with concrete manufacturers wink wink
nod nod in New Jersey and order to get
things done but it is time for Trump to
cut the cord on all these folks he
should have cut the corn on Michael
Cohen a long time ago and the fact that
Michael Cohen was taking a bunch of
money from AT&T while AT&T was under the
scrutiny of the of the Trump
administration does not look good it's
it's not a good look for Michael Kahn
again that doesn't mean that everything
here was illegal but it does mean that
there are some stuff here that should at
the very least be somewhat troubling if
you believe in honest open government
that is that is anti swamp government
that would be I think something to to
point out by the way it is worth noting
here that Michael a vanetti who
distributed all this information not
clear where he got the information he
could have violated the law himself in
order to get all of this information
because where the hell did he get it
right it did it did have an ID to get it
from the court did he get it from the
did he get it from the prosecutors was
he complicit in a crime in getting these
documents in the first place everything
here is deeply suspicious okay meanwhile
yesterday there was an article at The
New York Times that was I thought really
interesting is an article by Barry Weiss
with whom I'm friendly
she's an opinion columnist at the New
York Times and she of course has been
she's been put under heavy scrutiny
because she happens to be not a lefty so
she is I think you could best describe
her as slightly right of center Perry
but that's questionable she might just
be Center center but she is anti
identity politics and she is not in
favor of yelling at everyone who
disagrees with her and calling them a
racist so she wrote a piece yesterday
about the so called intellectual dark
web the intellectual dark web is
a group of people people like me Eric
Weinstein jordan peterson sam harris a
bunch of people who you're gonna hear
from in the future dave rubin people
gonna hear from in the future on this
show right are sunday special is the
intellectual dark web people who
disagree about everything
people like Michael Shermer who is a
atheist who's slightly to the right of
Center people like Brett Weinstein who
is an atheist who's all the way on the
Left we are all part of the so-called
intellectual dark web the only thing
that unites us is we don't like identity
politics we want to have conversations
with each other we don't want
conversations shut down by calls of
racism sexism bigotry homophobia we are
not racist sexist bigots or homophobes
by the way and we are tired of all
conversation being stifled by this so
Barry wrote a long piece about this and
this was her entire point is that this
intellectual dark web exists out there
again the term was coined by Eric Eric
Weinstein who's a former Harvard
mathematician so this led to Barry
appearing on MSNBC and on MSNBC she got
into a conversation with one of the
guests and this guest happens to be a
professor at Princeton ok this professor
at Princeton is a chair of African
American Studies he's Eddie Glaude jr.
and why starts talking about Barry
starts talking about all the various
members of the intellectual dark web and
listen to any cloud responds you wonder
why the audience for shows like mine
shows like Sam shorts like Jordans why
the audience is increasing it's because
if you keep calling everyone you
disagree with racially biased and
racially motivated a bunch of people are
going to turn off and they're going to
instead turn to people who are honest
about issues okay so here is Barry and
watch what any cloud says because this
is a great window into the mind of the
left well you talk about sam harris and
ben shapiro in one sentence I could see
the connection between those two which
have things something to do with how
they think about race having something
to do with how they think about
diversity in the country and the ways in
which that diversity is talked about
right the way in which they think about
political correctness I could see the
way that they're anti identity politics
identity politics is is a phrase that
kind of is a red herring identity
politics is just simply questions of
justice right no I don't think so
absolutely so is the question is it's
not how I think about let me help you
think about it then so if it's the case
here right here no no I get it I get a
step in Eddie you have just made Barry
Weiss's point that you disagree with the
way Barry Weiss views the world so
you're going to help her view the world
more the way you view the world the
entire purpose of the exercise is to
have honest conversations with people
and and and to not question their
morality jet are their wisdom just
because they don't view the world
exactly the same way not what I was this
is the way that people think who do not
want to have a conversation
they say that identity politics which
says we can judge you by the nature of
your ethnicity by the nature of your
skin color that this is just a question
of justice and anyone who disagrees with
that principle anyone who says that race
is something that should be irrelevant
to the vast majority of discussions that
reason should be the basis of discussion
not experience your personal life
experience anybody who says that is
apparently now anti justice right people
like me and Sam that's what we have in
common is that we're anti justice good
for Joe Scarborough that's exactly right
the reason that the intellectual dark
web is this is because the left has
forced everyone into a box together and
so fine if all the reasonable thinkers
who disagree on everything are gonna
talk with one another that's gonna make
the country better maybe they won't
you know feature us on mainstream media
all that often maybe they just do an
occasional piece in the New York Times
on us maybe we don't all have slots at
MSNBC or CNN but I do think that what's
happening is changing the country and I
think it's making a very very big
difference okay time for some things I
like and some things I hate and then we
will get to a bit of Bible talk renewed
Bible talk yeah okay so things that I
like so well I think it was yesterday I
talked about this awful video of a of a
black dude who was knocking a Jewish kid
it wasn't in Crown Heights I guess it
was in Williamsburg New York it was
considered kid and the kid had a kind of
odd haircut yet he's kind of close shave
and on top and then he had the side
locks coming down and he was wearing a
yarmulke and the kid may have been three
years old and this black guy was mocking
the kid and I ripped into black I said
you know this is just inappropriate well
this guy now came out and he has
apologized and he gave what I thought
was a great apology so good for him good
for him when you do something
this is how you apologize the guys known
on Twitter as Kai James and he says in
the video that he's truly sorry for his
actions and he says there's no excuse
for it good for him
this is what this is what it looks like
when you do something wrong and you're
supposed to fix it here is here is kai
james apologizing I recently posted
online a video of me coming out a little
kid in regards to his haircut on forever
I just want to sincerely apologize to
that young boy and his family I never
meant for anybody to get hurt
or for this to be taking the wrong way
it was just a joke and I'm sorry like
I'm truly sorry like I think about it
every day now like that was really like
I've if it was my little brother you're
right I don't want this to be like a
race thing I have nothing against Jewish
people I have friends that are Jewish my
babysitter growing up was Jewish there's
nothing like I have nothing against
Jewish people that honestly right there
was just in regards to the haircut only
that was my opinion on the haircut I
have nothing against them trust me
they'd have been through too much too
much we've been through as much as
they've been through they've been
through worse I don't have no issues
with Jewish people I respect them a
hundred percent they do what they do
they grind they get they get out of it
get it but right there that was just me
being real immature that was one of the
most immature videos I probably ever
recorded posted online okay good for him
okay this is what an apology looks like
and that's good and apology accepted
like don't he knows he wasn't supposed
to do that he knows it was egregious and
you got to give a guy credit when he
when he recognizes that he did something
wrong hopefully that's something we can
all take to heart okay time for a thing
I hate now speaking of egregious
behavior
okay people who should apologize the
Denver mayor has a son okay and the
mayor of Denver's son was stopped by a
traffic cop and he did one thing that
you're not supposed to do the son of the
Denver mayor his name is Michael Hancock
and the son is named Jordan Hancock he
starts threatening an Aurora police
officer who stopped him for speeding and
here is what he had to say to the police
officer
okay cause the cop in epping bleep and
then he lure a gay person
he says I'm about to get you fired you
effing be bored
so here's mayor Hancock say office in a
statement quote we addressed this matter
with Jordan and he has apologized to the
officer well I do not support nor
condone his inexcusable actions and
words during this traffic stop we love
our son dearly and support him what is
that lesson supposed to mean and we love
our son and support him in what calling
a cop an F word like a what okay how
about this how about our son acted like
a jerk he apologized as well he should
he's in timeout how about that but
instead I guess now we have to defend
our kids even when our kids do garbage
things the footage was leaked to the
local television station the Aurora
police didn't release the full video and
they said in a statement we'll be
conducting an internal investigation
into this matter to determine the
circumstances under which the video was
released any member who is found to have
violated departmental policies will be
held accountable so great now the police
are going to investigate the cop for
releasing the video but the kid is gonna
go completely free no problem for
cursing out a cop this way during a
traffic stop for abusing cop his way
just just wonderful that yet our
standards aren't dropping at all in this
country okay time for a bit of Bible
talk so I've decided that you know we
went through about six months ago we
finished up going through the entire
five books of Moses partial by partial
every week the the Jews read a portion
of the Bible of the Old Testament and
went through the five books of Moses so
I've decided that it starts it's time to
start going through the prophets and the
writing so we'll start with chapter 1 of
the book of Joshua so as you recall when
les we when last we left our story Moses
had died on top of mountain and the Jews
were about to enter the land of Israel
they were looking for a new leader and
Joshua was appointed by God he of course
was Moses his right-hand man which is
interesting of course because Moses
actually had a couple of sons and they
were passed over God did not actually
choose them because they were not the
tool that God needed at the time so in
but in Joshua 1 7 through 10 all right
Joshua gives a lecture to the to the
Jewish people before they go into the
land says be strong and very courageous
be careful to obey all the law my
servant Moses gave you do not turn from
it to the right or to the left that you
may be successful wherever you go keep
this book of law always on your lips
meditate on it day and night so that you
may be careful to do everything written
in it then you will be prosperous and
successful have I not commanded you be
strong and courageous do not be afraid
do not be discouraged for the Lord your
God will be with you wherever you go and
then Joshua orders the officers of the
people go through the camp and tell the
people get your provisions ready three
days from now you're gonna cross the
Jordan here to go in and take possession
of the land your Lord the Lord your God
is giving you for your own now what's
interesting about this is that everybody
always says that Judaism is a theocracy
which is true virtually every religion
okay anytime you have a religion that is
that is also involved in governance that
is a theocracy technically but this is
more like a constitutional monarchy so
the monarchy in Judaism doesn't arise
until King Simon and King until King
Saul which is significantly later than
this portion of time there's a whole
book of judges in which there's
essentially a rotating cast of leaders
who are put into power but the one thing
that is true and this is true even when
there is a king in Israel is that those
people are held to the standard they're
held to the standard of the Bible right
they're held to God's moral standard so
it was not an absolute dictatorship it
was more of a constitutional monarchy
than anything else and Joshua who was
the leader of the Jewish people there is
held to the same standard the law above
all else okay in that concept of the law
above all else including the power of
the leaders to change the law is a
unique one in the history of Western
civilization and has significant
ramifications all the way down to our
own day when there are people who say
that the law should be shifted to
accommodate particularly powerful people
as opposed to the law ruling people and
not man okay we'll be back here tomorrow
with much more I'm Ben Shapiro this is
the Ben Shapiro show
the Ben Shapiro show is produced by
Mathis Glover executive producer Jeremy
boring senior producer Jonathan hey our
technical producer is Austin Stevens
edited by Alex and Garo
audio is mixed by Mike Carmina hair and
makeup is by Joshua Oliveira the Ben
Shapiro show is a daily wire for word
publishing production copyright for
publishing 2018
