let's compare that to what Hillary
Clinton said about the Democrat parties
remember everything everybody is to
blame for her loss except for her but
here this is an amazing clip just play
this you may be the only presidential
candidate since World War two that
actually had to stand up and say I am a
capitalist and you did did it hurt you
probably I mean you know it's it's it's
hard to know but I mean if you're in the
Iowa caucuses and 41% of Democrats are
socialists or self-described socialist
and I'm asked are you a capitalist and I
say yes but with appropriate regulation
and appropriate accountability you know
that that probably gets lost and though
my gosh she's a couple of the Democrat
Party this is the former presidential
can you may remember that she ran for
president she was the head of the
Democratic Party there the head of their
ticket she had to make excuses for being
a capitalist to the Democrat Party
because it's filled with social stuff
that's good I just think about this for
a minute this you were translating the
news from Democrat into English right
the news is the news is stormy Daniels
paid off quiet they had sex okay that's
the news Hillary Clinton is sitting
there saying telling you that at least a
third of the Democrat Party is socialist
they're commies you know the people that
the people in Venezuela the Venezuelans
to eat cats that's who they are they're
the people who like created wonderful
places like the Soviet Union
