Avengers infinity war so I have many
thoughts on Avengers infinity war and if
you haven't seen the movie yet now is
the time for you to cut too short
today's podcast and then go back and
listen to it a little bit later after
you've actually seen the movie if you're
one of the five people in America who
have not seen the movie yet sorry for
those in the room who have not yet seen
the movie I'm about to spoil a bunch of
crap for you so Malthus it's time for
you to turn off your your earphones and
then walk out of the room if you don't
want to be spoiled because I'm about to
say a lot of stuff that's about to spoil
the movie okay so first of all the movie
is well-made it's it's really well-made
considering they have to juggle about 83
different plot lines and you can see
from the poster that it's every person
in the world in one movie the truth is
the real focus of this movie the real
focus of this movie is Iron Man Thor and
the guardians of the galaxy those are
those are really the people who you're
following during this film Captain
America is not in the film very much at
all here's a little bit of a preview
from one of the five people in America
who didn't see the preview here's a
little bit of what the movie looks like
the entire time I knew him he only ever
had one
to wipe out half the universe if he gets
all the Infinity stones she can do it
with the snap of his fingers just like
that tell me his name again Santos
we got one advantage
she's coming to us
we have a dance once so that's what we
use
okay so everybody's in the movie like
everyone including my mother like
everyone is in this film but well here's
my problem with the movie so I have a
couple of problems with them here's this
first the stuff I like the stuff that I
like is everything with Chris Pratt and
Chris Hemsworth is hysterical
Chris Hemsworth is the best thing in any
of the Marvel movies now he is really
really funny everything he does here is
very thor ragnarok based and it's there
there's one scene particularly between
Chris Pratt and Chris Hemsworth
that is just hysterically funny and and
really really good Chris Pratt is really
good in this I it's pretty obvious who
the stars are and this here in land and
beyond that Thanos as a character is is
a good character so Josh Brolin turns in
a really solid performances Thanos you
don't notice the CGI at all and his
entire character is CGI'd so that's a
pretty cool thing there are a couple
problems with danos his character
problem number one is that his
motivation is insufficiently spelled out
so they say that he had a home planet
his home planet was basically
overpopulated and the entire planet died
in poverty he had said let's randomly
kill half the planet and then we can fix
and then we can prevent a shortage on
pianos and pianos his home planet that's
Malthusian nonsense so first of all
somebody should have explained to him
that perhaps with additional creativity
of humanoid creatures comes additional
propensity to create awesome resources
so back in the 1960s Paul Ehrlich
predicted that by the year 1990 half the
population would be starving basically
none of that ended up being true so
Thanos is basically Paul Ehrlich the
Stanford professor with less hair and
poic was totally wrong he's wrong but
everything people are more prosperous
now there are more of us now than ever
before in human history by a long margin
and yet things are okay somebody should
have honestly this movie could have been
solved if somebody sat Thomas auld down
with Thanos like that would have fixed
everything
they should've gotten Julian Simon's
ghost to sit down with Thanos and they
could have had a nice conversation about
scarcity of resources and allocation of
those resources also if it turns out
that overpopulation is a thing among
humanoid creatures typically people just
have fewer kids which is what has
happened in throughout human history
which is why as countries get richer
it's actually interesting as countries
get richer people have fewer kids but
aside from the philosophical problems
with a nose the movie revolves around
Thanos so every bee
of the movie is involved with thanasis
story it really is not Avengers infinity
war it really more is Thanos the origins
because this is all lead up to Avengers
infinity War part two and this is my big
problem with the movie my big problem
with the movie is that the entire thing
is leading up to this giant climax where
a bunch of people are gonna get killed
and suffice it to say without telling
you who gets killed a bunch of major
characters get killed there are some
characters who get killed for real but
it is very obvious by the end of the
movie and some of the characters who
have been killed are not going to remain
dead zone okay now the reason that I
know this is because I'm not a stupid
human and when I watch the end of
infinity war and bad stuff happens let's
just I won't fully spoil it bad stuff
happens to many of the major characters
there are certain characters where you
go oh man I can't believe they killed
that guy off and then they kill off a
couple of characters you're like nah nah
these it turns out that Marvel is a
Disney property and Marvel is not gonna
kill off all of its most bankable stars
because they have movies already slated
on the books with these stars okay so
they're not gonna kill off like you're
you know who I'm talking about but
there's there's one character in
particular who's been in a film that
made a lot of money as in all the money
they're not gonna kill off that
character right and when you're watching
it and you're and you're thinking about
it the minute it happens it takes you
immediately out of the movie because
you're thinking nah this is not true so
in other words we got a two hour 40
minute movie leading up to the worst red
herring in the world in which presumably
all these characters are dead but we
know they're not really dead because
they're gonna reverse and they're gonna
bring back all the characters that
annoys the living crap out of me because
if you're going to create this idea that
there are major stakes in the movie if
you're gonna create this idea that deep
horrible things are going to happen then
you can't do it with me as the audience
knowing that you're faking with me as
the audience no you're like the first
time it happens the first time somebody
dies and it's a major character at the
end of the film they're a couple major
deaths before that in the film and those
ones I think are real by the time they
get to the end of the film when a major
character dies and you know that that
person is not going to die you're like
but what so why couldn't we've just had
like a seven minute movie like sure it
was fun and all but we could have had
like a seven minute movie and the seven
minute movie would have gone something
like this but I would have gone
something like that it would've been a
Star Wars crawl and says Thanos scourge
of the universe has found a box with six
Infinity stones in it flashbacks Danos
his home planet debating with his
friends and family about whether they
should kill off half the population him
losing the debate half the population
dying right just like jor-el on Krypton
right and then next thing you know it
shows Stannis with his magic glove on
right he snaps and then you get the end
of the movie so the whole thing could
been eight minutes long and that
actually would have been the prologue to
the seconds infinity war which is where
this stuff actually is going to happen
because this is all why the next
infinity war is where the remaining
characters are going to go about
reversing everything that just happened
in this movie don't do that that's
that's cheating okay you cheated me out
of 35 bucks because I had to spend a
bunch of money go to the ArcLight with
my wife to see this thing so I could
talk about it and again
did I not enjoy I enjoyed it I enjoyed
it but you can't make me feel
emotionally like there's one particular
death where they do it and they are so
attempting to strangle you as an
audience member there's still attempting
to strangle tears out of you as an
audience member in the way this
character dies and you're like but he's
not dead like I know he's not dead I
know for a fact he's not dead because
there's a movie slated on the books with
this star a year from now so he's not
dead right so you're lying to me you're
trying to like machine in in the show
friends where there's a there's a a an
anniversary for Ross and r84 for Ross
and what's Courtney Cox's character's
name and it's not Rachel it's the other
one the ending in any case Monica thank
you with Ross and Monica's parents and
Monica is and Ross can always make the
parents cry at the at the anniversary
and Monica desperately wants to make the
parents cry so she does a speech and the
parents aren't crying at all and she
just starts telling stories about like
when the dog died and all this sort of
thing like there is that moment in an
Avengers infinity war where one of the
characters is like basically the
producers are saying like you need to
cry now if you're not crying now this is
your bad person why don't you cry
why are you crying so wrong with you
aren't you and I'm not crying I know
he's not dead that's why I'm not crying
you okay so was it bad no it was
enjoyable but am I going to give them
the the credence of pretending am I
going to pretend along with them that
any of these people are really dead no
because I'm not a stupid idiot okay so
there is my infinity war summation and
and now if I if I spoil the movie for
you sorry but I gave you fair warning
you could have tuned out earlier and
then listen to it later
