so I had the wildest dream last night I
dreamed I was on Twitter and suddenly
Kanye West was tweeting not only that he
loved Donald Trump but about how Barack
Obama had failed to help black people in
America it was like oh no way and then
all the leftists were coming after Kanye
and he wouldn't back down and then
chance the rapper started tweeting about
how black people didn't have to be
Democrats and then some gay people
started tweeting that gay people didn't
have to be Democrats either and then
women started tweeting that as well and
Matthew McConaughey started saying that
anti-gun activists were trying to
destroy the Second Amendment and I'm
like this is a dream right because now
the only person left in America voting
for Democrats was Bill Kristol who said
he preferred an unaccountable deep state
governing America to Donald Trump and
then he just started screaming
incomprehensible gibberish and he turned
into a gigantic gargoyle and flew away
while candy canes fell out of the sky
and then I woke up and it wasn't a dream
Kanye and chance McConaughey and crystal
they all really said those things and my
bed was covered in candy canes The
Gargoyle part I think was because I was
on acid
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin it is
the Andrew Clavin show
another week has shocked by like a
bullet and the Clavin last weekend
threatens you even you forget you know
we get so involved in our week we forget
that the Clavin this weekend is coming
we have no reason to be happy because
it'll just be darkness all over the land
we have Dennis Miller the mighty Dennis
Miller you know very few people have
ever made me laugh so hard that I fell
off the couch Robin Williams made me
last night Dennis Miller I remember his
last it was an HBO special I just
remember laughing so hard I slid to the
floor he was like just a really really
funny guy and a guy who has had the guts
not to follow the herd and not to be a
typical Hollywood left and so it's
always gonna be interesting to talk to
him especially on a day like this when
the cultural left is in disarray
meanwhile let's talk about freedom
project Academy because you know I'm not
one of these people who would like
pounds my fist oh no you know our
schools are falling apart but face it
our schools pretty well falling apart
they are not you are not sending your
kid anymore to school to get lessons in
civics why America is the way it is you
know you instead you get this constant
constant stream of propaganda and it's
just not like you know place where
they're gonna come back knowing what you
need them to know and that's why Freedom
Project Academy has developed a fully
accredited judeo-christian classical
online school for kindergarten through
high school this is an incredibly
interactive education where students
attend live classes every day with
teachers and fellow classmates from
across the country FBA doesn't accept a
penny of government funding which allows
them to stay committed to teaching
students how to think not what to think
families can enroll students full-time
or start with a single class it's
entirely up to you try it out take a
look see what you can get go to freedom
for school comm and request a free
information packet from freedom project
Academy that's freedom for school comm
enrollment ends in July but classes fill
up fast
goto freedoms for school.com freedom for
school.com don't forget to tell them
that I sent you so they know that we are
supporting them so my biggest thought
when I saw what was happening yesterday
on Twitter which was dreamlike is that
really the only power that cultural left
has is our cowardice they have no power
except for the fact that we back down
and this is really it's really important
to remember because this has been going
on now for ever just so Kanye comes on
and you know and he says he loves Donald
Trump and mushy pyrrha I didn't see this
myself but Shapiro told me there was a
picture of him watching Jordan Peters oh
he they said he lost 10 million Twitter
followers after this and then I mean
that was one thing and and you know
Connie is all over the place he's always
been trumps Powell they've always been
friends
yeah but but the other thing is that
chance the rapper comes out and he says
you know black people don't have to be
Democrats which is pretty straight
forward I mean of course that is true
and and then the Matthew McConaughey was
just kind of icing on the cake here
Matthew McConaughey said you know these
people were protesting our guns really
do want to take our guns away and so
this constant bullying goes on you know
and it's not just Twitter it's not just
the Twitter you know birds that come
down and basically crap all over you it
is also the comedian's at night you know
every single one of them you know now
that you're a target you're a
laughingstock it's this kind of you know
let's watch a Stephen Colbert on Kanye
because it's this kind of upper class
you know like disdain so here is this
you know middle class this middle-aged
white guys he himself would say this
middle-aged white guy delivering his
your verdict on what Kanye West should
be talking about I think Kanye's
lobbying for a job as Trump's new
communications director they could just
change his name to Kelly and Kanye
but the height of Kanye's Trump praise
has got to be when he tweeted you don't
have to agree with Trump but the mob
can't make me not love him
we are both dragon energy he is my
brother I love everyone I don't agree
with everything anyone does that's what
makes us individuals and we have the
rights to independent thought yes we
have the right to independent thought
and I independently think that Kanye has
lost his mind you know what Donald Trump
is your brother it is true I am your
brother too and brother to brother I
just want to say put the phone ok you
could have stopped at 10 a.m. this
morning with I'm nice at ping pong so
you know if there were comedians who
disagreed who weren't part of the herd
if that would be fine so one comedian
goes after you another comedian goes
after somebody else but since they are
all in the herd what has really happened
is that Kanye West has broke another
herd and let me you know I started out
this week making jokes about Kanye
West's of great philosopher and all the
stuff that's not the point
the point is not Kanye West's it really
is not it is simply his his basic right
as an American to think for himself
without this kind of monolithic
communication organ which is the news
the entertainment media the Academy
falling down on top of him like the
temple on Samson that's the only thing
that's important about it and the
important thing is that it instructs us
again you don't have to participate in
celebrity culture you don't have to
think that Kanye West's ideas are
important his ideas are no more
important than Robert De Niro's right I
mean when Robert DeNiro comes out and
says he wants to punch Donald Trump
that's not important either except as an
example of the fact that you can say
what you want to say and that is the
whole thing on the left is yes we can
say what we want to say but not you and
you know the person who has become kind
of the Greek chorus on this is our
friend Candace Owens you know it's
starting to started out with Kanye
saying that he liked the way Candace
thinks and and she has been on kind of
giving a background of meaning to this
that I think is really fair and if she's
in a position to do it where other
people aren't at once they
enslaved our bodies Democratic Party but
say they haven't slaved our minds they
have told us who we must love who we
must hate what we must think what ideas
are unacceptable and in the long run
they just it just doesn't add up
listen I think differently Kanye West
thinks differently I can guarantee you
if he and I get in the same room we will
have a lot of disagreements the one
thing that we will celebrate is our
right to think differently I don't
understand what's so controversial for
the left to understand this the way they
have demonized him in the last 72 hours
it's almost sickening but at the end of
the day it's going to have adverse
effects I can guarantee you that yeah
because the adverse effect is if Kanye
doesn't crack and suddenly the curtain
is pulled away and you realize the
cultural left has no power except our
cowardice you know how many times have
you heard on the mailbag or just in
speeches I've given where people come up
and with a question they ask us how can
I say this how can I convince someone
this how can I talk to my professor
about that and what they're really
saying is how can I do this without
paying any social price and the idea is
you don't you pay a social price you
know it's like Rhett Butler says and
Gone with the Wind with enough courage
you don't need a reputation that is
really what it comes down to Candace
Owens has the courage Kanye West has the
courage it's not about whether you agree
it really is not about whether you agree
with them whether you admire them
whether you like them it is simply about
the fact that the other side has no
power except when we stand down and if
you want to see an example of this take
a look at Hank Azaria now you know this
really pains me because like I said
before my dad was a voice man he was one
of the great voice men who ever lived
Hank Azaria is one of the great voice
men he is well up there with Mel Blanc
who was the guy who did all the Warner
Brothers voices Bugs Bunny and Porky Pig
they were all you know Daffy Duck they
were all Mel Blanc Hank Azaria is that
level of a talent now that doesn't make
him a genius doesn't make him a
philosopher it doesn't make him a good
political guy but he has the right to
you know we want him we want this great
talent to be practicing his craft
because it to bring us entertainment so
he does this character up who who is one
of the many many cliched silly
characters on The Simpsons happens to be
an Indian guy comes under fire and the
Simpsons basically had the temerity to
answer back with a scene that said you
know what when
do anything about this basically you
know get take a walk you pound sand and
Hank Azaria comes out and he's basically
you look at him he's like broken this
thing has broken him and but listen to
the reason it's has broken him listen to
what he says I really want to see Indian
South Asian writer writers in the room
not a token way but genuinely informing
whatever new direction this character
may take including how it is voiced or
not voiced he wants to be a decent human
being he wants to be a decent human
being and we who have let the culture go
we have allowed the left to define what
a decent human being is so that in order
to have in order to do what you need to
do in order to practice your profession
in order to make people laugh in order
to have actual comedy an actual truth
being spoken you need courage because
they have colonized our system of
manners but their colonization just like
the colonization of four guys who take
over an entire community they have no
power unless we stand down they have no
power except for our cowardice are
basically accepting their standards of
what politeness and what decency is we
have a new sponsor ie harmony which I'm
really happy about because as you know I
mean I am I guess I'm the the most
happily married man in America and I
know and from experience that you're not
gonna really find happiness going out
and having hookups swiping left and
doing all that stuff and that's not what
harmony about is about a harmony is
about getting you into a solid permanent
real relationship and that is what they
do they send you a series of questions
they sent it to us I I couldn't try it
out personally because my wife would
have like you know hit me with a shovel
but but one of the the girls here did
try it out just to you know ask answer
the questions she said it took her ten
minutes but the questions are questions
of importance they're questions of
values the questions about who you are
and it sets you up to meet somebody who
is compatible with you eat harmony is
built to help you find lasting
meaningful relationships it's not a
swipe left
you know hookup site they use decades of
science data and psychological research
to send you the right matches and brings
and bring compatible
people together they are the number one
most trusted dating site or app based on
a 2018 survey of six over 1,600 US
singles based yeah based on a survey of
over 1,600 US singles and right now my
listeners can get a free month with a
harmony when they sign up for a
three-month subscription and enter my
code Clavin at checkout and I know what
you're saying what's the meaning of life
and how do you spell Clavin hey I don't
know and baby ok v-a
& que la vie en stop waiting start your
journey to a satisfying meaningful
relationship it can be fun to play
around with online dating apps but when
you're ready to fall in love with
someone and have a meaningful
relationship there's one app that's
built to bring you real love and that's
eat harmony come see how er Mandy can
change your life go to Harmony calm and
get started enter my code Clavin at
checkout you know the fact that the left
has colonized our system of manners has
colonized our standards of decency and
Ramin that requires courage to simply do
what's right if you think about Hank
Azaria think about the the end result of
if everybody did that it would mean the
most talented voice man in America can't
do people's voices if they're if he
doesn't have their color skin I mean
that is insane
that is insane right if there's a guy
like Hank Azaria can't do any damn voice
he wants that is crazy
so you think about the end result of
what they're doing you realize it's not
decency it's not politeness they've
simply colonized those systems of values
between us and made us think that we are
not decent and not polite if we don't do
what they said and that's the point of
Donald Trump and that is why even though
I you know again and again I keep saying
Trump should clean up his act sometimes
again and again it has been useful to
have Donald Trump out there you know
Jonah Goldberg was on the show what was
it two days ago talking about is his
terrific new book suicide of the West
and he was on what's his name Noah I
can't remember his last name
what did Trevor Noah that's why Trevor
Noah he was on Trevor Noah also selling
the book and he had this to say about
what frustrates him about our politics
and about
Trump and it's a really interesting
point in this conflict that we're in by
all means fight political correctness if
that's what you want to do right but
just because being rude is politically
incorrect doesn't mean being rude is
good and and I I agree with Jonah so far
as he goes I mean obviously like I do
oppose rudeness I do oppose calling
people names and political arguments and
all this and it does bring down the
standard of conversation but but in the
broader sphere we do have to realize how
completely everything we do has been
taken over and that we it requires
courage to stand up and stand back and
and when people say you know oh well
Donald Trump at least he fights and a
lot of them never Trump errs make fun of
that they say you know oh you know he's
this terrible guy but at least he fights
no this is something really true it does
you know when when you are in a place
when you're surrounded by your friends
and where you don't want to be the guy
who says the bad thing and you don't
want to be the guy who's nasty and you
don't want to be the guy who everybody
points at and laughs at or yells at
right it means that you cannot find your
own way to what you believe in to what
the truth is and it takes a little bit
of breaking the glass walls to get out
of that prison and they have no power
they have no power if you do not if you
stand up to them they do not have any
power except for that and that that's
why I thought you know we should listen
to a trump had to say about connieyc and
it was kind of amusing but it actually
is makes he makes a good point he was
talking on Fox and Friends I have known
Kanye a little bit and I get along with
Kanye I get along with a lot of people
frankly but Kanye
looks and he sees black unemployment at
the lowest it's been in the history of
our country okay he sees Hispanic
unemployment at the lowest it's been in
the history of our country he sees by
the way female unemployment women
unemployment the lowest has been in now
almost 19 years he sees that stuff and
he's smart and he says you know what
Trump is doing a much better job than
the Democrats did and by the way if they
ever got in and started putting back all
these rules and regulations where you
can't breathe
where businesses go out of business our
country would be in big trouble
Antron had I not gotten elected Hillary
would have come in she would have added
more rules and regulations we would have
been out of business he's making a
perfectly valid point that is a
perfectly valid point he's doing a
better job then Obama did for the people
Obama was supposed to represent he is he
just is that their life their lives are
better economically speaking than they
were before and the press can twist
everything he says to make it sound
racist or to make it sound authoritarian
but Obama was far more authoritarian far
more he exceeded the rules of
constitutional governance far more than
Trump has and it's all an illusion
created by the press
maybe not Trump's rudeness isn't but but
the rest of it is and to break through
that that prison just takes a little
courage you know I just want to add one
thing it doesn't take rudeness to fight
back
it doesn't take rudeness to fight back
it takes the courage to be called rude
it doesn't take indecency to fight back
it takes the courage to be called
indecent those are different things and
they have no power again they have no
power if you have the courage to be
called those things just to show you an
example Jim look at me I'm Jim Acosta
accosted Sarah Sanders in the press
briefing yesterday Acosta in that
article I think I was talking about it
yesterday and variety said basically
said Americans are stupid anybody who
doesn't see what I see is stupid and
then he said well I was taken out of
context so Sarris Islanders gave him a
little bit of the dig he was going after
Ronnie Jackson the guy who was going to
the doctor who was appointed Trump's
pick for to run the VA and he's now
stood down because all these allegations
came out against him says the
allegations are untrue but he stood down
and Acosta goes after Sarah saw Sanders
and she says well you know you know what
it means to be taken out of context
right and a cost that goes nuts right
but listen to way she handles him she's
not rude at all she's just stands up for
what she has to say as I stated a moment
ago we support a free press but we also
support a fair press and I think that
those things should go hand in hand and
there's a certain responsibility by the
repressed to report accurate information
think a number of people I think a
number of people in this room do that
every single day they do their very best
to provide fair and accurate information
certainly support that that's one of the
reasons I'm standing here taking your
questions and a lot of times taking your
questions in a tone that's completely
unnecessary I'm needed and frankly
doesn't help further the conversation or
help the American people get any more
information in a better way which is
your job and my job and that's what I'm
trying to turn towards the press
obviously it's not helpful at times and
I think that that's plain to see I mean
that that there's nothing rude about
that the only one being a rude rude is
Jim look at me I'm Jim Acosta you know a
Acosta eating hair or a music that's
aptly named he's like Charles Blow who
blows you know this he's a costly
because he's constantly costing people
but you know it doesn't take it doesn't
take rudeness it doesn't take in teasing
it takes the courage to be called those
things and once you show that courage
like Kanye did you know you'd say what
you want about Connie but he has that
dragon blood and it came from the
courage the once you have it they
disappear they just vanish they have no
power except for that and why you know
it matters you know I haven't talked
about this all week and there's a reason
I haven't talked about it it it's it's
so awful that in some ways you know you
can't you can't put into words what's so
awful about this thing that's happening
in England okay England who's what which
was once the most polite country in the
world this this thing about the Alfie
Evans his name is a little baby has some
kind of disease nobody's quite clear
what it is but some kind of rare
degenerative disease and the court has
determined in England that he must die
and they've essentially decided to put
him down like a dog that is essentially
what they did because the parents want
to keep him alive they want to fight for
his life that Court says no you can't do
it they took him off life support that
baby keeps on fighting keeps on fighting
and gets and is still there what's awful
about this is if the National Health
says this baby is too expensive to keep
him alive fine but the parents would
want to take
Italy where they're willing to treat him
the Italian sent in a chopper to get him
they send out police to keep the baby
there so that he can be killed you know
this is a culture where England is a
culture where the ordinary man has lost
his voice where when you speak up
against Islam you get you can get
arrested when a guy gave a finger to a
traffic camera the other day and they
said they what they were gonna put him
away and somebody trained his dog to
give the Nazi salute which I thought was
pretty clever actually trained is up to
give the Nazi salute as a joke and they
they put him on trial this is a place
where the ordinary man has lost his
voice it can happen here and when it
does happen you have a state that
believes you belong to them what I don't
know anything about I would not presume
to make some kind of medical statement
statement about where this baby is well
what's right for this baby I don't know
I only know that it's the parents right
to choose it is not the States
this woman somebody pointed this out on
Twitter that this woman could have
killed this baby aborted the baby before
it was born and now they won't let her
keep it alive so suddenly she loses
choice death always wins hey is Dennis
on one Dennis Miller like I said one of
the few comedians who has ever made me
fall off the couch I laughed so hard
he's a five-time Emmy Award winner for
his show Dennis Miller live he most
recently served as host for eight years
of the nationally syndicated Westwood
one radio talk show the Dennis Miller
show he's had four New York Times
bestsellers he's he is about to start
performing alive again that Saturday May
19th he'll be at the Riverside Theatre
in Milwaukee Friday June 15th he will be
at the NYC B theater at Westbury on Long
Island and in June he'll be taping his
tenth stand-up special it was one of his
stand-up specials that may be fought
literally roll of the couch I laughs are
Dennis are you there literally local
citizens are beheaded on a bridge in the
restaurant this the mayor rushes out the
podiums deaqon to say this is not
terrorism but rather the work solo
crazed individual and I thought what
Siddiq
turn into the mayors of JA beaches will
be open that's all the needs that live
those violins right so you are you are a
guy who has in fact defied the cultural
left you are guilty of doing comedy
while not being a leftist what what do
you think when you're looking at Kanye
West on Twitter good three I mean I
that takes some courage to step out like
that and the fact that he's pushed all
his chips in on Trump I would say well
the hash tag I put up is oranges but to
the black I really think there is some
crazy walk on people's I love when he
talks about freeing your mind up and
then I saw another listen ah I'm not a
twenty the Eldar hip-hop world but I got
a chance the rapper say yeah being black
doesn't mean you a Democrat and I
thought oh that in whatever I guess
right now it's probably in Terry
McAuliffe office damn central they must
be they must be freaking out if this if
that firewall is going to start breaking
they would have nobody I mean if they
lie if they lost the black boat they
would never win another election
basically him people just started
getting free thinking you know I think
it always sounds to William Shockley
when you'd start talking about black
vote I'm just saying if people or if any
you know gender or any racially defined
group or any of that just started
freeing their thoughts just to hear
Kanye was saying Obama was president for
eight years nothing good happened in
Chicago I thought why you never see
where it's coming from but it's almost
like it reminds me of a cure delay 2010
not 2001
your memory Snuggies it's beautiful he
like he can like see the thing breaking
that it's beautiful my god so many stars
noticed things on yeah who would have
thought Kanye West when I would watch
him so insolent and I think publicly
drunk driver grabbing a young girls you
know granny out of her hand and being a
bit of an embarrassment and he think
there's like she never can predict it I
think she might set off something here
that well all I would say is oh my god
somebody stars because it if people
start getting illuminated listen there's
gonna be some things on the right just
don't make any sense to me
but I'm telling you they're more on the
left right now this the rigidity of the
lockstep has gotten comical at this
point when i watch the north korean army
missile parade i think well lucidum
we're a scary thought that's has it i
mean you you have been it seems to me
fearless for all I know you go home and
hide in the corner and tremble but you
you seem fearless in expressing your
opinion you've been on Bill O'Reilly
which puts a target on your head have
you have you suffered for this
politically look I mean professionally
well I think suffer is overused word
should go in at Walter Reed or Bethesda
Jews not bring listen hey I gotta sleep
with myself at night doesn't matter how
big my house is yeah like which is one
reason that would probably stay in long
step and all the way to the end of the
day you're heading to a spot that's like
a roadrunner cut out of pure fear
 can you get to sleep and Laurie
it doesn't matter to me about being
decried I'm a 64 year old man if I've
taken the the long ramble from a you
know being born through 64 and I haven't
learned you don't have to care about
what other people think is long to try
to be a civil human being trying to be
reasonably kind today I see that in that
Kanye queries a sense I'm sick of the
thought police for god sakes what am I
supposed to do like you know go through
the whole cycle and then
somebody on the view to pre-approve my
desk rattle when i care to the ends life
so then what do you think when you see I
was talking before about Hank Azaria who
I admire so much I mean my father was a
really good voice man and his area is up
there with Mel Blanc in terms of the his
talent at doing voices and he has to
stand down and apologize for doing a poo
I mean doesn't that send a chill up your
spine I'm a huge fan
thank you Sarah can do what he wants I'm
I'm leading Dennis Miller's life there's
too much second-guessing right now going
on social media and all that god I look
at social media I think never at lives
let's live been more scrutinized you
know what I mean it's it's like where
we're putting everything under the
jeweler's loupe it's like we do this a
brooder film ten times a day or other
people's cinnamon moment I remember once
I met Karl Malden backstage at a video
conference it was like an award ceremony
he was getting a Lifetime video I also
remember that Leonard Maltin was like
I'm seeing that and one of the sub junks
of the the evening was they had to get
the porn award I know it wasn't the porn
was this video all of it but one of them
you know a big sellers porn I remember
Thunderball give the award film called
Edward penis hands oh because he's in
his tracks and he reluctantly opens the
envelope as the winner is Edward but I'm
in the background with Karl Malden we're
dying and I say to Malden and this
with me forever I say you know Karl I
know you're he was talking about alien
how he wanted to push and indeed he did
get him an Oscar because I had not heard
I said I'm always wondering how much
Kohlberg and Elia Kazan suits me or the
proletariat town criers
I mean literally they think the
Guttenberg of proletarian ethos in this
country would name names even if they
were already named dance in front of the
elect committee I remember Malden book
to me said it was a long time ago - you
weren't there he said can I tell you
something you don't know how brave you
are
until they chain you to the radiator any
man
it took my breath away yeah it's true
you asked me about anchors they're
active there you can do whatever he
wants about this animated figure on a
longest-running TV show ever much for
love if we live in a time now where
there are people out there who are going
to try to ruin and break into a thousand
pieces Hank Azaria's rice bowl because
he does the voice of a kwik-e-mart owner
on an end things two things should go
off in your head the Simpsons just
passed Gunsmoke is the longest-running
was popular show in a history of
television and it was space of maybe one
or two years the curtain has come down
prohibited it and if his area chooses to
go through with it he will have to be
boycotted or ruined now you can look at
Hank Azaria said it hurts me to say Hank
Azaria can do whatever he wants because
it is a complete goat stuff out there
and anybody could do what they want yeah
no I totally understand that and the
point the Maldon point is very very well
taken I guess you know when I look at at
the the late-night comics for instance I
don't think Steve Colbert is a bad guy I
don't think you know what each one of
them is a bad guy but it does seem a
little unfair to me that they're all on
one side it seemed it's when they gang
up like that is I know they're not each
one is not individually culpable but the
fact that you cannot turn on late-night
TV and see somebody support trumpets it
seems just a little bit like like 62
million Americans are being ganged up on
I know he was he was third and now he's
one I like or maybe I can't remember but
I do remember he got an unexpected you
know to me it's like when I look at the
hashtag on social media I always think
wow nice second acts for the tic-tac-toe
grid lucky little symbol hanging in
there a career that was stalled then it
gets an unexpected boost from hashtag
Bank well that's sort of like Alex
Colbert I don't think they were III
don't know what there are stalls but it
wasn't as hot as it is now sometimes
come in and give them a bit of a boost
but I'm saying if you're looking for
fairness you gotta look for fairness in
a field that might be fair show business
from
very or from its very birth whenever
they don't you see those people slow
dancing in God's dresses way back then
and then the moon rocket suckin the moon
guys I bought you know from from the
beginning of time Hollywood has been an
unfair business that's predicated a lot
on cosmetic issues and brakes and rough
rescuing guys running roughshod over
people who are needy because they want
to be in shape you know to think well I
find it unfair on late-night television
I'm telling you you've got your you've
got your binoculars on the wrong field
fair enough when when you do your you're
doing a net you're taping your 10th
stand-up special right is it is this
who's this for
but I went back and ordered them oh it's
my night and I did eight for HBO one for
I think it was called epic and now this
ninth one is just for a nice gentleman
who then sells it to individual
platforms I got it ok so now is your
material still political when you go out
and do stand-up right 2/3 not political
and 1/3 political because once your the
Weekend Update guys I can expect you to
do topic driven stuff but then again I
don't want to go out there turn this
into a you know a sort of a Falcon and
the snowman dinner table argument with
people I want to go and make them laps
around cheese 1/3 so how is it how is
Trump affected to feel I mean the way I
look at some of these comics Trump has
become like the f-word they say it and
that people laugh but it's not always
that that funny but he is a character
you couldn't invent the guy you were
incredibly hilarious about Obama how do
you feel about Trump I mean where do you
stand on the Donald
but tweeting makes me laugh to meet
Trump doesn't drink so lighting up ass
hats on Twitter is a tiny act before bed
and yeah I look at Trump and I don't get
all of it but I'll say this I get a lot
of it and to me technically in Jesus
Christ Superstar a realizes what a
corrupt crap three-card Monte game the
Pharisees are running in the temple he
just comes over
and flips out over the table they'll
figure out the rest of it later are
there days when I think he's a little
crazy yeah there are but let me say this
about Trump's craziness
I think his outer voice is an accurate
depiction of his inner voice warts and
all
I don't like Hillary Clinton's in her
voice and on her voice if everyone had a
couple being night interesting to
introduce them so so Hillary try to hire
to deal with a store McDaniels thing I'd
say listen you know this drill you're
out of work
cheated on our frequency blind woman
playing Scrabble with gypsies so I have
to ask you this who makes you laugh now
what who's funny that you like the world
Jerry's the Evergreen is the greatest
stand-up of our yep 25 years a Brian
Regan and the new guy who just destroys
me as Sebastian Maniscalco I don't know
if you know them it's a bit of an odd
name ma ni SCAL Co Sebastian Maniscalco
Brian detain the David Spade and Dana
Carvey as dinner I have to be
resuscitated so my final question you're
going out you're going to do appearances
Saturday May 19th at the Riverside
Theatre in Milwaukee Friday June 15th at
NYC B theater at Westbury on Long Island
do you ever run into political trouble
like the people protest or anything like
that
that people get just David come on man
get rang up Skinner practice twice to
God the day you find yourself going back
to it days in laying on bed saying
somebody didn't like me I can't go back
and say did I a lien a tour follow you
today you can see the internet you could
put up the new cured cancer and some
people with trollese there's a people
thing you know that's all it's changed
is I think people were always this
acrimonious with each other but back and
you know Torquemada said you didn't know
how pissed off people are at each other
now everybody's little mental Burke just
put up at a hundred schwöre whole was a
genius in retrospect saying everybody
would be famous for 15 minutes it was
probably a little too optimistic it
doesn't even take that you can be famous
you know last time I saw Fame bars if
there are bars that this little I was at
its worst wake now listen I got picked
one more thing I'm doing a podcast
called the Dennis Miller option and I'll
leave it at that people can find it on a
board podcast one but I'm talking about
the world I did one about sports but a
lot of people don't follow sports I'm
doing the sports one and now I do the
Dennis Miller option I'm sorry to hammer
it but I owe it to the people who gave
me the kick to get out there and sell it
because it's knit so thank you Andrew
you're good Ken I appreciate your time
hey thanks a lot done as I appreciate so
that was a perfect example of what I was
saying right right that's the attitude
that's the attitude you need you can't
go back to your hotel and worry that you
offended anybody you know it's just it's
life is too short you got to sleep with
yourself you got to live with yourself
I mean that's it that's what it takes
take that attitude and all those guys
who frightened you who make you feel
worried about things they all vanish
they got no power if you have that
attitude hey by the way speaking of not
only does Dennis have a podcast but then
daily wire is now on Apple News did you
know this so if you put us on your news
channels on Apple you will get our
latest stories on the go which is
absolutely excellent you know I have to
talk about one other story that I just
really like and it's you know it's funny
but Patton Oswalt has been in a comedian
obviously actor and he has been
absolutely virulent against Trump and
against the people you know who vote for
Trump and all this so I don't agree with
his politics so what so what this is a
great story and I'm really glad it
happened his wife who died way too young
very tragically plunged him into grief
she was a crime writer Michelle McNamara
she became obsessed with the guy she
dubbed the Golden State killer a
murderer rapist here in California she
was writing a book when she died call
I'll be gone in the dark about this her
obsession kept the case alive and this
is no knock on the police the police
have been after the sky forever but her
obsession kept people calling in with
tips and all this stuff and I guess it
was yesterday was it or maybe the day
before the police have arrested Joseph
James danja lo 72 years old they say
that they've got the DNA evidence to
convict him of these horrible crimes
like Oswalt just tell a little bit of
the the story he was on TV talking about
it and obviously just filled with pride
for his late wife good thing the guy is
named oh my god um
JJ D'Angelo he was a former policeman
from Auburn right near the Sacramento
area where they where the rapes first
started so now there's all this you know
sheer her book and her and the article
that led to the book really amped up all
the interest in the case and really put
a lot of focus on this not to discredit
the work that that that the police and
the lab technicians did but it is this
it was like it was her dream she didn't
care about she always said I don't care
about credit I want to know that he's in
jail and now he's he's caught he she the
bracelets are on and it feels like this
thing that she wanted so badly is now
done I love that story that's that is
really good sir I stuff I like we're
gonna get a new somebody that's always
saying that's their favorite intro song
so I got to see a quiet place I couldn't
get to it I couldn't get to it cuz you
know it's one of those things I asked my
wife you want to see a quiet place she
laughed at me you know it's like what's
your quote there's no way she was gonna
see the scary movie really good I mean
first of all it's only about an hour and
a half which I think should be that's
the one federal law censoring the arts
that I would support as a law saying all
movies can no movie can be over an hour
and a half it was really right and tight
it's directed by John Krasinski the guy
from the office he also stars in it with
we blunt who's his wife right yeah she's
his wife and emily Blunt's is terrific
but the premise of the film is there's
been an apocalypse there are these
monsters wandering around and they can't
see you but they can hear you so you
have to be dead silent all the time
there's very little dialogue it was so
intense and so tense that I was twisting
in my seat through it and an hour later
I was still wired it's very frightening
there's been a lot of talk on a lot of
podcast I don't want to give anything
away from case you haven't seen it a lot
of talk on a lot of podcasts and radio
about some of the plot holes in it
they're not exactly I didn't find them
to be plot holes I found them a couple
of things with it made you think like oh
well I'm not sure if that would have
happened or something like that but it
doesn't matter it's done with so much
verb and so much skill and the values
are excellent which i think is really
great it really is about family it was
nice to see a family pray I always
complain that nobody says grace in the
movies but people actually do say grace
in their lives it was nice to see a
family that was linked together by their
commitment to one another and also just
really scary intelligent horror and
great great performances so that was
terrific last week we always like to end
the week with some music and last week I
guess I just kind of lost the train of
thought and I didn't talk about who I
was head-on it's a woman named Leon La
Havas who is a British singer and
guitarist
and she is just a terrific musician my
son Spencer sent her to me that was we
played what was it it's the stuff you
don't do it's what you don't do
here she is we will end this this week
with Leon Havas but I want you to hear
some of the guitar she plays as well as
her beautiful beautiful voice she is
just terrific
Bea Clavin this weekend is upon us I can
stave it off no longer darkness falls
monsters into the streets the stars
turned to blood it's it's a mess but but
if you survive we'll be back on Monday
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show and here is Leon la havas
my heart
the Andrew Clavin show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover technical producer Austen Stevens
edited by Alex zingaro audio is mixed by
Mike core Mina hair and makeup is by
Jesuit vera and our animations are by
Cynthia Angulo and Jacob Jackson the
Andrew Klavan show is a daily wire for
word publishing production copyright for
word publishing 2018
