kanye west embraces donald trump chance
the rapper tells black americans to
escape the democratic party and kim
kardashian speaks up for free thought
whoever wrote 2018 is amazing this is
the ben shapiro show
okay it just keeps getting better better
I mean folks the guest appearances the
special episodes the moving moments it
could you have asked for more when you
elected this reality TV show could you I
could not have it is just unbelievable
we're gonna get to all of the Kanye
related mania that has been happening
around the world and what it means and
why it's glorious if I seem a little
giddy this morning that's because the
world broke last night I mean obviously
we're now living in a parallel universe
in which dogs live with cats and giant
marshmallow men run through New York
City something has happened something
magical has happened we'll discuss all
of it in just a second first I want to
say thanks to our sponsors over at
movement so spring is right around the
corner and movement is dropping all new
sunglasses to get you ready for warmer
weather okay we at our house we have the
movement sunglasses I have movement on
glasses I wear that my wife has movement
sunglasses they are really top-notch the
problem normally with sunglasses is you
either get a cheap pair that looks
absolutely terrible
or you get a $200 pair and then you
break it or you lose it okay so this is
why you need the sunglasses from
movement together the watch guys but
they figured that you needed sunglasses
too so they decided to make quality
trendy sunglasses at a fair price
they're not plastic they are acetate and
you can get them polarized they start at
just 70 bucks these are my go-to shades
and they really are amazing then you
Mike wearing sunglasses generally but
these things make me look cool I know
it's a difficult task but somehow
movement makes it happen these are high
quality premium acetate frames no cheap
plastic again you have to see them get
15% off today with free shipping and
free returns by going to MVM t.com slash
shapiro that's MVM t.com slash shapiro
again these are the folks who make the
best watches on planet earth I love
their watches right I've got one on
right now as I always do and now I wear
their sunglasses as well there's a
reason for that
MVM t comm slash shapiro MVM t.com slash
appear you get 15% off today go get some
of their sunglasses they're really great
MDM t-dot-com slash Shapiro and joined
the movement all right so what's going
on I don't know you tell me it's crazy
so Kanye West you remember him from such
things as being crazy for 20 years well
back in 2005 you'll recall during
Hurricane Katrina Kanye West decided to
go on television and say the george w
bush was a vicious racist who was
drowning black people for no reason and
this is what it looked like here just a
brief flash
back of Kanye West young Kanye who looks
exactly the same today is actually as he
did then and Mike Meyers who absolutely
does not look the same today as he did
then and they're talking about hurricane
relief for NBC and Kanye just launches
into this thing about how George W Bush
hates black people it turns out Kanye
West is the only black man in America
who thinks George W Bush is a racist but
Donald Trump isn't so that's pretty
incredible
here is Kanye West talking in 2005 it's
remember this is the guy were talking
about the destruction of the spirit of
the people of southern Louisiana and
Mississippi meeting up being the most
tragic loss of all George Bush doesn't
care about black people please call what
just happened well I just said now the
reason that I show this is to remember
that the entire left thought this was
great the entire left thought that Kanye
West was a hero Kanye West was another
one of their cultural heroes which
showed a couple of things one look Kanye
was always a weird dude hey Kanye was
always a nut job
and Kanye back in 2005 you know being a
nut job the left embrace is not jobbery
because obviously his nut job arey cut
in their favor second of all there is
this monolithic culture on the left that
feels that all celebrities must be on
the left if you are not on the left and
you are celebrity you get raked through
the coals we talked about this earlier
this week with regard to Shania Twain
who is a Canadian country singer who was
forced to recant when she said that she
might have voted for Donald Trump she
can't even vote she's Canadian she was
forced to recant all of that
well now Kanye West has has decided that
it's time to break the thought monopoly
so there's two things here one is a
serious topic and one is a not so
serious topic then that's a serious
topic is the sheer hilarity of Kanye
West becoming friends with Donald Trump
and the left panicking to the left is
absolutely panicking they're panicking
because again they have this monolithic
hold on the culture now out here in Los
Angeles there's something called friends
of a bouquet it's the super secret
Hollywood group that everybody knows
about since it was on the front page of
the New York Times okay that super
secret Hollywood group has thousands of
members all conservatives who have had
to hide the fact that they're
conservatives for years in Hollywood for
fear of being fired there's this
groupthink that prevails in the music
industry there's a group thing that
prevails in identity politics in Kanye
at the intersection there's that leftist
Ward intersection is that the
intersectionality of race and the
leftist politics of Hollywood so he's a
Hollywood star right he's obviously a
major music presence and also he happens
to be a black guy which means that he
has to be of the left because if you are
a black guy and you're not of the left
according to the left you are no longer
a legitimately black human being if
you're Clarence Thomas you're not black
if you're condi rice you're not black
you've gone to the quantum quote sunken
place and this is the language that
folks were using about Kanye West
yesterday that was a reference to the
movie get out by Jordan Peele which is
all about how black people who interact
with white culture ends up being
essentially drowned by white culture in
their own psyche it's a I thought the
movies deeply racist but in any case the
the left really believes this right the
left believes that if you're a
Republican you're black or not
legitimately black they believe if
you're in Hollywood and you're a
Republican that you shouldn't be in
Hollywood they are fistic in their group
thing and kanye west broke that
yesterday in this sense it's actually
what he did was kind of important in the
other sense which is just watching the
left lose their minds over the fact that
a crazy guy says some stuff about Trump
that's pretty astonishing in and of
itself so we have to go through the
entire story because it's just too
glorious not to so yesterday Kanye West
begins tweeting and he's been back on
Twitter because in about three weeks he
drops a new album with apparently a
guest track was Tommy Lehren which will
be incredible but here here's Kanye West
he tweets out quote I no longer have a
manager I can't be managed pretty
spectacular
and then he continues tweeting I love
the way Candace Owens thinks now Candace
Owens for folks who don't know now it
works for Turning Point USA a great
organization with whom I work I speak at
their their leadership conferences of
here about and Candace is black Candice
is their communications director and she
speaks out routinely about why she
thinks that the perception of
victimization by black Americans is
damaging and counterproductive so Kanye
endorses Candace Owens and everybody on
the Left loses their minds this is crazy
how could Kanye endorse Candace Owens
he's going to the sunken place he's
going to the sunken place but it doesn't
stop there Kanye continues says you
don't have to argue with Trump but the
mob can't make me not love him we are
both dragon energy he is my brother I
love everyone I don't agree with
everything anyone does that's what makes
us individuals and we have the right to
independent thought there's so many
great things about this suite I will
like it'll take me an hour just to break
down the beauty of this tweet it's like
a Robert Frost poem
but you begin with the fact that they
are both dragon energy I don't even know
what that means but it sounds awesome I
know they're playing Dungeons & Dragons
whether they watch Game of Thrones
together I don't know whether they both
ingested cocaine I don't know okay we
both did their dragon energy so we know
their dragon energy also but what he
says here that you don't have to agree
with honey anything anyone does because
you're individuals and you have the
right to independent thought this broke
the internet yesterday the left lost
their mind how could Kanye West say that
you have a right to independent thought
and then say that he likes Trump which
actually is an element of independent
thought so Kanye's listen I can think
for myself and the entire left said shut
up you're not allowed to think for
yourself you're not even legitimately
black I'm gonna get to the left response
to Kanye in just a second but we have to
go through Kanye's fulsome thoughts I
mean his brilliant his brilliant spurts
of idea of making here more Kanye West
he says if your friend jumps off the
bridge you don't have to do the same ye
being ye is a fight for you to be you ye
by the way is a Jesus because he made an
album called he--this so ye being is a
fight for you to be you I didn't think
he was actually using like old British
grammar for people in my life the idea
of Trump is pretty much a 50/50 split
but I don't tell a Hillary supporter not
to support Hillary
I love Hillary - he loves everybody hey
he just loves everybody by the way his
wife Kim Kardashian raise money for
Hillary Clinton and both of them raised
money for Barack Obama as well Barack
Obama by the way once called the ones
called Kanye a jackass publicly which
was which is pretty spectacular
we'll play here's what Barack Obama once
said of Kanye West seems like perfectly
nice person she's getting her award
points of agreement between myself and
Barack Obama but it is amusing to watch
as Kanye actually destroys the left
perception of pop culture dominance and
so back to Kanye's tweets so Kanye
continues tweeting my wife just called
me and she wanted me to make this clear
to everyone I don't agree with
everything from does I don't agree 100%
with anyone but myself and it didn't
stop there right this is this this just
continued then he tweeted out a picture
of himself in a make America great again
hat giving the Donald Trump OK salute
and it says we got love which is just
amazing it's just amazing and and people
at people's heads were exploding online
last night I'm just exploding the entire
left was losing their mind again we're
gonna get to the left reaction of this
because it's hysterically funny yeah and
then it didn't even stop there I Kanye
continues tweeting
he then tweets out my Maggie hat is
signed and then he shows that Donald
Trump has signed his mega hat and he
with with a bunch of flame emojis which
is really spectacular okay there are two
more Kanye tweets and then we'll get to
some responses so Kanye continues write
this thing is all day long he tweets out
a video of Scott Adams so Scott Adams of
course is a big Trump supporter and the
creator of Dilbert the cartoon Dilbert
and Kanye is now tweeting out Scott
Adams videos about why Kanye is breaking
the culture it's just amazing it feels
like there's something big happening and
I think a framework to see this big
happening stuff is that people are
breaking out of what I call their their
mental prisons the people are realizing
that there were things that used to to
hold us back they used to limit what we
could do and you know what our danger
was come on he's Tooting out Scott Adams
videos it's amazing okay then finally he
finishes with this one
Kanye tweets out Obama was in office for
eight years and nothing in Chicago
changed boom mic drop unbelievable
revenge right so I love the fact that
Obama called Kanye jackass and Kanye
said listen Obama was the president for
eight years things still sucks for black
people
well slow clap for Kanye West right
there slowly he so I've spent my entire
career saying that I hate rap and I
don't think that rap is a real form of
music and I think that a lot of the
cultural values pushed by rap are
garbage
WTF oMG I love rap now okay I'm there
what can I say
and then what's amazing is before I get
to Kim Kardashian's responses to all of
this which were just as amazing as Kanye
chance the rapper who you may not have
heard of but your kids certainly have OK
chance the rapper tweets this out black
people don't have to be Democrats heads
exploding all over America people are
Democrats at the DNC headquarters
running and crying and sobbing to
themselves because here is the truth
black people don't have to be
Democrats now a fascinating statistic
from a guy named Harry anton who used to
work over at 5:38 he may still work over
at 5:38 actually but harry when tweeted
out this quote for the 2016 census ok
only 8% of black voters went for Trump
but among black men earning at least
$100,000 a year it was 15% so Kanye
isn't completely alone in other words
what Kanye is doing right now might not
actually be as stupid and not important
as I am as I'm mocking it for being and
in just a second I'm gonna explain why
it might actually be important why it
might actually be important and then
we'll get to Kim Kardashian's response
and Trump's response because it's just
fantastic first I want to say thanks to
our sponsors over at the u.s. ECA
alright so your time is almost up on
this one how would you like to hit the
range tomorrow with a brand new gun the
US you see and wants to give you a free
gun right now you're law-abiding citizen
you ought to be able to defend yourself
they want to make it possible for you to
do so they're giving away a different
gun every single day this month but all
of this ends on Monday so you are almost
out of time just go to defend my family
now one calm to get entered right now
and give you up to 17 chances to win
your gun everyday it could be 17 Kimber
or 17 blocks maybe even that new Sig
Sauer they're all gone on Monday all you
have to do is go to defend my family now
one calm to reveal the gun you could
take home today and it is totally free
but again there's not a lot of time the
gunner of the day always disappears at
midnight it all ends Monday again hurry
this is your last chance defend my
family now one calm to get entered to
win your free gun right now let's defend
my family now one calm the reason you
should go over there besides the ability
to win a free gun which is pretty
awesome
is the u.s. CCA has all sorts of other
services they offer to gun owners from
informational classes to insurance to
defense insurance go check them out
they're really good people we are always
we are always honored to work with them
defend my family now one comes defend my
family now one common again you can get
entered to win your free gun right now
but time is running out defend my family
now one calm go and check it out alright
so the reason that Kanye's tweet storm
might actually matter the reason that
chance the rapper saying this might
actually matter is because if
Republicans were able to win 15 percent
of the black vote again black people who
made over $100,000 a year in the in the
air before the election 15 percent of
them voted for Trump
if Republicans won 15 percent of the
black vote they would never lose another
election really they would never lose an
election in the United States again
okay the fact that the Democrats have
been winning elections for so long is
almost entirely dependent on the
Solidarity of the black vote that goes
90 to 90 percent tublat to democratic
candidates and there's something
happening I think there is a ground
shift that is beginning to happen there
there's something called preference
falsification heads it's a term that was
put forth by social scientist named
Seymour Curran in his book private truth
public lies this was pointed out to me
yesterday by Eric Weinstein who's one of
those brilliant people in American
public life MIT PhD and astrophysics I
believe mean is he just he's a pretty
amazing guy but he pointed out this this
idea preference falsifications a
preference falsification is this idea
that the stuff you say publicly is very
much pure approved that what you feel
privately may not be the stuff that you
say publicly that if you Maybach Trump
but you're not gonna say to upholster
the 'back Trump in other words and what
happens is that as soon as a crack in
the in the wall appears as soon as
somebody says well my secret preference
is actually my public preference and
your secret preference is also the same
as their secret preference you might say
well now the door is open now I can say
what I really feel and there is this
feeling among a lot of conservatives
that perhaps they're gonna be a lot more
minority folks who say listen I don't
want to be boxed in to this idea that
because I'm black or because I'm
Hispanic or because I'm Asian or gay or
a woman that I have to vote Democrat you
know I'm an independent person with
independent thoughts and if Kanye can
say it he'll mean if Kanye can say it
then why can't I say that
maybe meritocracy isn't the end of the
world maybe a meritocracy is a good
thing you know why black folks over
$100,000.00 our voting Republican in
larger numbers than folks who are under
a hundred thousand dollars I would
imagine it has very little to do with
tax policy and a lot to do with the
feeling that perhaps it's okay to vote
for the perpetuation of a meritocratic
system that we live in an in an area
where if you work hard you still can get
ahead Kanye's a very wealthy man and he
does actually work hard right there are
a lot of black folks in this country who
work intensely hard and make a lot of
money because of that and maybe they're
beginning to look at the system that's
been pushed by the Democrats and say
well you know I'm gonna give this a
second look I'm gonna think a second
time about this and if Kanye can say it
then why the hell shouldn't I say it why
is that so terrible you know that's why
I mean this could actually be an
important cultural moment because that
and also because the left stranglehold
culture maybe that's beginning to loosen
a little bit maybe cultural figures are
beginning to realize hey why exactly do
we have to be monolithically democrat
why can't we actually have a different
set of thoughts once in a while okay so
all of this results in reaction from a
bunch of different people we begin with
the reaction from Kim Kardashian so Kim
has a choice right Kim Kardashian is of
course Kanye West's wife and she has a
choice either she can say oh god Kanye's
had it again
shut up dear or she can defend him and
Kim Kardashian comes out and defends him
so I love that our cultural heroes are
now Kim Kardashian let me make one thing
clear from the outside here I don't
think Kim Kardashian is a cultural hero
I think she's done a lot to to make our
culture more degraded
I don't think Kanye West is a cultural
hero I think he's done a lot to make our
culture more degraded but the fact that
they are fighting back against the
hegemony of a of a fistic thought
policing from the left that is a good
thing I don't have to like their work to
understand what they're doing is
actually not a bad thing and has some
cultural impact and importance Kim
Kardashian says to the media trying to
demonize my husband let me just say this
your commentary on Kanye being erratic
and his tweets being disturbing is
actually scary so quick to label him as
having mental health issues for just
being himself when he has always been
expressive is not fair this is the point
that I was making yesterday on the show
from the point that I was making
yesterday is that Kanye has been like
this always and yet only when he
endorses Trump suddenly does he become a
crazy person according to the media
right so if you think freely if you
think well in a way the media doesn't
approve then you are cast out and you
are seen as something absolutely
terrible right Kim Kardashian continued
to tweet along these lines and and she
she you know was backing her husband
really to the photo she said yesterday
it was announced that Kanye had parted
ways with some business people in media
outlets made this about Kanye's mental
health rather than just a simple
business decision so I'm glad he tweeted
about the state of his company and all
of the exciting things happening so
full-scale defense by Kim Kardashian of
her husband Kanye West yesterday and
they're there for more of these of these
tweets so let's go through them she
tweets he's a free thinker is that not
allowed in America because some of his
ideas differs from yours you have to
throw in the mental health card it's
just not fair he's actually out of the
sunken place when he's being himself
which is very expressive again the
sunken place is a reference to Jordan
peels movie get out which suggested that
if you are a black man dating a white
woman or interacting with nice white
people then you end up in the sunken
place where you're essentially a slave
to them at
enslaved you and taken over your body
which it's an idiotic idea I was again I
think get out is a really really
troubling movie in the fact that so many
people are willing to overlook the
racial politics of the movie is
astounding to me the idea that Kanye
West is in the sunken place now because
he's he's doing this this is by the way
an idea that's being pushed by a lot of
folks on the Left so I have to show you
this this clip from from Comedy Central
the opposition and its clip 15 so this
is the I mentioned the sunken place you
haven't seen the movie there's a scene
where I believe her name is I Catherine
Keener is is sitting there hypnotizing
the black main character by swirling her
her drink in her in her cup of coffee
with her spoon and so throughout this
clip what you will hear is this is this
black woman who is supposedly playing
the Catherine Keener character trying to
hypnotize black people into supporting
President Trump
Wow swirling her spoon in her cup
because the idea is that she's gonna put
us all in the sunken place in order to
vote for Trump the left has been lying
to us we're not stronger together we're
stronger as individuals you don't have
to be a Democrat what is Barack Obama
ever done for you I mean for you
personally has Barack Obama ever helped
you move
did he give you a ride to the airport
Nicole the cook Nicole what why are you
stirring your tea so weird
don't worry Jordon it's not for you okay
so again the this idea is that Kayne was
somehow put into the sunken place by all
of the evil white people and black
Republicans hey this is so condescending
I can't even tell you it's insanely
condescending yeah I think that black
people just like white people just like
all people are capable of free thinking
but according to the media if you
support Donald Trump and you're black
this means that you have somehow been
hypnotized into it by evil nefarious
white folks which is just a crazy crazy
thought Kim Kardashian continued her
tweet storm again this is the culture
that she's fighting against the culture
that she's fighting against in the
culture of the Kayne are fighting
against this is the part of what they're
doing that's important is they're saying
listen we can speak for ourselves and
what I love about that clip from Comedy
Central is the lines that ladies is
using to explain evil Republican
positions she's saying we are stronger
as individuals than we are together well
we are because it's an individualistic
society okay and the idea that as a
collective being members of a collective
is the most important thing is just is
just silly
anyway let's finish up these Kim
Kardashian tweets real quick so Kim
Kardashian finishes tweeting she says
now when he spoke out about Trump most
people including myself have very
different feelings and opinions about
this but this is his opinion I believe
in people being able to have their own
opinions even if really different from
mine he never said he agrees with his
politics and then she finished up Kanye
will never run in the race of popular
opinion and we know that and that's why
I love him and respect him and in a few
years when someone else says the exact
same thing but they aren't labeled the
way he is you will all praise them
Kanye's years ahead of his time again
this stuff is actually kind of important
so stupid as I think pop culture often
is this is actually kind of important
stuff now I'll show you president
Trump's reaction to this in just a
second first I want to say thanks to our
sponsors over at bull and branch so if
you had trouble sleeping last night
because you were so excited you were so
excited about Kanye West endorsing
President Trump then perhaps let me
recommend bull and branch eats okay you
just the real reason you couldn't sleep
last night is because you're sleeping on
crappy sheets the the reality is you
spend very little time thinking about
your sheets you spend very little money
on your sheets and if you do think about
your sheets you think what's the thread
count do you even know what thread count
means I don't I know
idea what it means you know but you went
by a gas station one time and they said
they were selling thousand thread-count
sheets they thought those will be great
and then you get home and it's actually
just a plastic tarp
well you no longer have to do that this
is what bull and branch is for Bo and
branch makes everything from bedding to
blankets in it is made from pure 100%
organic cotton it starts out super soft
it gets even softer over time you buy
directly from them so you're essentially
paying wholesale prices luxury sheets
can cost up to a thousand bucks in the
store bull and bran cheats are only a
couple of hundred bucks that's not
expensive for nice sheets and you're
sleeping on these every night so it is
well worth that we actually throw out a
bunch of our sheets after getting bull
and ranch because they are that good
shipping is free you can try them for
free for 30 nights well you can try them
for 30 nights and if you don't like them
then you send them back obviously if you
don't love them send them back for a
refund but you're not gonna want to send
them back to get you started right now
my listeners get 50 bucks off your first
set of sheets at bull and branch calm
promo code Ben that's bull and branch
calm today for 50 bucks off your first
set of sheets Bo ll and branch calm
promo code Ben Bowlin branch con promo
code Ben got 50 bucks off your first set
of sheets that also lets them know that
we sent you as well okay so Kim
Kardashian and Kanye West speaking up on
behalf of freethought which is great
okay and then Donald Trump gets involved
because everything is amazing so Donald
Trump over at the White House you got
nothing better to do it's not like we
have like a North Korean crisis or the
stock market hasn't been volatile so
cause the Trump gets involved and I got
it dude I gotta give the guy props I
gotta give him kudos here and the fact
is Donald Trump was always a pop culture
president this is the thing he likes
most it is the thing also that he is
best at you want to talk about making
people lose their minds here's what
Donald Trump did yesterday so after
Kanye tweeted out that Trump was his
brother and that they both have dragon
energy again amazing okay Trump tweeted
out Thank You Kanye very cool and then
Trump tweeted again he tweeted mega
right after the after Kanye tweeted out
a picture of his hat sign he tweeted out
mega which is just awesome sauce so well
done
president Trump so again everyone is
very confused and the confusion
yesterday was palpable and hilarious so
Shep Smith reporting on this for Fox
News obviously has no idea what's going
on and it is so funny the couple of
first families all getting together here
it's Kanye easy and and Kim my guess is
Kris Jenner gave a call we don't
this but you got to figure Kris Jenner
gave a call don't you figure this is
getting up there now Kanye back and
Chris is involved and Kim's in there now
POTUS has tweeted we'll see what happens
and everyone in the world has the same
reaction the Shep Smith is having
yesterday on Twitter as I as I tweeted
yesterday
everything is so stupid and wonderful at
the same time it's like life just became
a corgi it's incredible so Sarah
Huckabee Sanders was asked at the White
House about Kanye West which is just
unbelievably great and here is Sarah
Huckabee being asked again at the White
House the seat of government for the
free world about Kanye West a guy who's
sometimes rhymes words and his support
for President Trump here we go
rap superstar Kanye the president
expressing his admiration the president
has reached out to Kanye West and
whether he'd be willing to meet with I
don't know of any conversation that
they've had over the last week or so
I'll keep you posted if that changes a
time that's okay so let me just say this
I would not be surprised to see common
Kim and Kanye at the White House in the
near future I just would not be
surprised if that is something that
happens because how could it not okay
visit we ended this this particular
episode of Trump's season three on a
cliffhanger will they go to the White
House we got to fulfill that cliffhanger
it's just incredible so the best part of
all of this the best part of all of this
by far has been the reaction left so the
left cannot believe this the lift cannot
believe that Kanye would step off the
reservation off the as Hillary Clinton
once said step off the plan they thought
plantation okay they they they just
can't believe it how could how possibly
could Kanye West be be talking in terms
that people on the Left don't like it's
just it's just crazy so they're a couple
of editorials are ready one yesterday
but how Kanye West is now the darling of
the all right now David's word Lake is
writing for The Washington Post quote
Kanye West fell for the worst black
Republican sales pitch there is here's
why and this is what he said the best
black Republican sales pitch I ever
heard was from Niger in US then the
spokesman for the Congress of racial
equality or core
the civil rights hero organization led
by his father Roy in a
the GOP is not for rich people he said
during our conversation at the 2011 CPAC
it's for people who want to be rich
there of course many working-class
Republicans and many rich black
Democrats but as a clever made to make a
clever way to make a point
striving black Americans ought to
reconsider what the GOP has to offer the
worst black Republican sales pitch is
the one Kanye West just fell for
turningpoint us a spokeswoman Candace
Owens is one woman a revival of the
trope that black Americans are slaves on
the Democratic Party plantation its shop
more in defies logic and mainly
highlights the shallow politics of those
who subscribe to it so then they go
through a bunch of Republicans who have
said that there's this thought
plantation for Democrats where they have
been inculcated to believe in in a
nation of victimization okay well listen
again black people can think for
themselves but it is also true the
Democratic Party has been pushing this
message of victimization to every
minority group that it can find not just
black folks and a lot of people have
been buying into it because it is
flattering it's flattering to believe
that if there's a level of lack of
success in in a particular community any
community that that's because of
victimization at the hands of somebody
greater you know Trump does the same
thing with working-class white folks in
in the in the Rust Belt
but again the left can't deal with this
so again it must be that I love that the
argument of this piece is that black
people have not been duped by the
Democratic Party Kanye West has been
duped by Republicans you can't have it
both ways either everybody is capable of
thinking for themselves in which case
give them credit or people are being
duped on all sides so this is here's
what Candace Candace Owens said last
week that sort of got Kanye's attention
quote victim mentality is not cool I
don't know why people like being
oppressed were oppressed 400 years of
slavery Jim Crow by the way none of you
guys lived through that your
grandparents did and it's embarrassing
that you utilize their history you're
not living through anything right now
okay and then Kanye West said well
that's kind of true
and that's what and then Kanye West said
the truth is the numbers are in okay
police brutality is not an issue that is
facing the black community whatsoever
okay
and there's some truth to this also
police violence you know shooting of
black men is not disproportion it's the
amount of crime that's occurring in the
black community and the level of police
violence against black folks is largely
explainable by the fact that police are
largely police in black communities
where there are high levels of crime has
been true throughout American history
whenever there are disproportionate
levels of violence against any
particular community in the United
States that are not explicitly based on
racism
it's largely because there's a lot of
crime in that community and the police
are in that community a lot in any case
now the Washington Post can't believe it
they just can't believe it it's just
terrible and it's and so this must be
that Kanye has fallen into the sunken
place they're not the only people saying
this over at the root
Damon young rights Kanye West doesn't
care about black people so it's amazing
back in 2005 when he was saying black
people were victimized by george w bush
kanye west care deeply about black
people but now the kanye west doesn't
seem like a democrat anymore then all of
a sudden Kanye West doesn't care about
black people at all so here's what this
guy writes over at the root which I
believe is a black oriented website he
says last year Panama Jackson a man who
in the 14 years that we've known each
other has become one of my friends
published a piece about his mother's
support of Donald Trump and reveals how
that ruined his relationship with her
deciding to write this was very
difficult for him
we had countless email texts G chat and
phone conversations about how his
mother's politics affected him as he
wrestled with whether to put these
thoughts in print he said that I don't
know I do not know if Kanye West is
aware of the anger and the fury and the
disgust in the terror that that slogan
Magga along with the shirts and hats and
bumper stickers as plasters on induces I
also do not know as someone suggested
whether this is an elaborate publicity
stunt or troll I do know however that I
don't give an F intent doesn't matter as
much as action in effect
Kanye's recent actions have shown in
clear and unambiguous fashion that he
doesn't care about black people I want
to continue reading from this piece
again the left has there gone
I mean I'm the you you cut against their
identity politics and they cannot
control themselves okay so I'm gonna
explain a little bit more about that in
just a second first I want to say thanks
to our sponsors over at Gemini so you
could have surgery to look at oh there's
a lot of people in the United States
doing that right now but there's no
reason that you have to do that Joanne
from Connecticut says my husband looks
10 years younger using genja cell he saw
a results the first day he used it I've
also had remarkable results can't be
without it so bags and puffiness under
your eyes okay that can be gone you can
watch those saggy drooping eyelids
disappear that is years off your
appearance it does work my wife uses
genja cell from Xiamen a my mom steals
it and uses jen yourself from germany it
is that good not only that with its
immediate effects you will see results
like Joanne's in as little as 12 hours
or your money back guaranteed so that's
pretty easy pitch right there and from
now on to a Mother's Day you can order
genja selling you can try Japanese brand
new gen ESL eyelid lift for droopy
sagging eyelids AB
solutely free right now xiaomi will also
include a free surprise luxury gift also
just for Mother's Day so it's a pretty
good Mother's Day gift to go to genja
Cellcom that's genja Cellcom and select
my name Ben Shapiro at checkout or call
866 329 o4 that's 800 663 2904 if you
call now Express shipping is also free
800 663 2904 that's 800 663 2904 or
visit Jen you sell calm that's G en you
CL calm again they're their product is
just terrific and if it doesn't work for
you then you have a money-back guarantee
so pretty pretty yeah I think that's
pretty easily worth the risk so go check
that out
okay so I want to talk some more about
the left's disproportionate response to
Kanye West what it shows about their
belief in pop culture what it shows
about their belief in race in just a
second first we're gonna have to go over
to daily wire.com and subscribe for
$9.99 a month you get the rest of this
show live the rest of the Andrew Klavan
show live the rest of the Michael Mol's
show live and you get to be part of the
mailbag okay so here we are the mailbag
tomorrow send your stuff in get your
questions in but only if you subscribe
so go subscribe get the annual
subscription and you get this the very
greatest and beverage vessels left this
year's hot or cold tumbler you will
enjoy it you will love it you'll be able
to show it off to your friends it is
full to the brim today over Kanye West I
mean this leftist chair tumbler we
actually had to pour out some of the
leftist years just in order for this to
be able to sit safely on the desk next
to my computer you can get your own
tumblr when you get the 99 annual 99
dollar annual subscription if you just
want to listen later go over to iTunes
SoundCloud YouTube please subscribe
please leave us a review it always helps
we are the largest fastest growing
conservative podcast in the nation
so again this writer from the root he
says that Kanye doesn't care about black
people he says black people who have
supported him and amplified him and even
shielded him from and defended him
against the type of people he's aligning
himself with black people who watched
him grow from the person with the name
we didn't quite know how to pronounce
who kept getting production credits on
jay-z and Cam'ron tracks to arguably the
most important person in hip-hop black
people who made him black people like
Panama who again ended a relationship
with his own mother because of what her
support of the man whom Kanye just
called one of his favorite people
represents first of all if you ended a
relationship with your mom because your
mom voted for Trump there's something
wrong with you yeah if you ended your
relationship with your mom because your
mom voted for Hillary there's something
wrong with you
hey she's your mom don't be an idiot but
this just demonstrates the power of pop
culture in the minds of the left so it's
funny the left today is mocking the
right to say oh look at you guys now all
of a sudden you're big Kanye fans and
there's some truth to that all these
people who are suddenly saying oh Kanye
is a genius can't wait to see him at
CPAC maybe you should speak at the RNC
like come on guys I mean still Kanye I
mean Kanye's Kanye and you gotta be real
that who Kanye is the guy is not Phi
Beta Kappa he is not the world's
greatest thinker I don't need
philosopher but he is somebody who is
thinking differently from the prevailing
culture and he's speaking out clearly
about it which takes a fair bit of guts
and then I think we can appreciate but
when the left says you know don't
worship celebrity there's a certain
irony to it because the reason they're
so mad is because they worship celebrity
the left has assumed repeatedly over and
over and over that everyone in pop
culture is their supporter and they've
relied heavily on pop culture in order
to push their pull their politics this
is what they do I wrote an entire book
about this Hollywood is replete with
people who believe that it is their job
to promote social justice warrior ring
in the form of their work and if you
disagree with them they will throw you
out you will not get a job the same
thing is true in the music industry and
when somebody speaks out they cannot
stand it they cannot abide it and the
same thing is true in terms of racial
politics so we've now heard that Kanye
isn't a real black person he doesn't
care about black people anymore because
Kanye as a black man thinks differently
than you Kanye is a black man thinks
maybe Donald Trump isn't the worst
person in the world now listen I may not
think Kanye's a great thinker I may not
agree with his his husband
Trump personally but I do think that
Kanye speaking for himself does not make
him any less black than when he was
speak
for himself 15 years ago or 20 years ago
the the notion that if you if you agree
with certain white people that you don't
like about that other people of your
race don't like about politics that this
makes you not a member of your own race
is so disparaging and so nasty and so
gross no wonder there are people running
from this and the left keeps doubling
down on this it is amazing I have to
show this tweet from a former head Obama
speech writer named John Lubbock so Jon
Lovitz Jon Favreau John frum bro is a
former Obama speechwriter he's also on
pod save America and here's what he
tweeted stop giving Kayne the attention
he's desperate for last time we did that
some huge bleep became president okay so
I will just point this out when
Republicans say this about if they'd
said this about Kanye about exactly
Kanye if they'd said why in the world
would you pay attention to Kanye when
Laura Ingraham said why would pay
attention to LeBron James on politics
shut up and dribble when she said that
about LeBron James the entire world
called Laura Ingraham a racist she was
called a racist for saying that a black
man was wrong about politics or that he
was unqualified to speak on politics jon
favreau a former Obama speech writer
says stop giving Kanye attention because
he's some huge bleep just like the huge
bleep who's now president and the entire
left says oh okay that's fine so it
turns out they're not about racial
solidarity or racial tolerance at all
they're about political solidarity and
they use race as a proxy for politics
that's what this is really about so it's
fine for Jon Favreau to say the sort of
stuff yeah well what does it matter
anyway because obviously Kanye deserves
it according to the left well guess what
maybe the monopoly is breaking maybe
people are just getting sick of all of
this maybe people are tired of it
whether the left has become so
overreaching and it's attempt to control
people's minds it attempts to control
our culture that the reaction is going
to be strong there will be a backlash
and I think they've gone too far
I mean how strong has it has the the
left's overreach cotton not only did
they show lack Shania Twain for the
temerity of saying that she might have
voted for Trump now Hank Azaria who's
the voice of Homer Simpson on the on The
Simpsons he's come out he says he's no
longer going to a voice the character of
a poo the Indian 7/11 owner read the
kwik-e-mart owner because up who is is
an Indian stereotype today this is so
idiotic a poo is one of the
characters on The Simpsons the entire
show is a series of stereotypes have you
not seen it Homer is a stereotype of a
white stupid father right that's the
entire thing is a stereotype Bart is a
stereotype of a bratty child lisa is a
stereotype of a leftist pie-in-the-sky
utopian everyone on the show is a
stereotype groundskeeper Willie is a
stereotype
okay literally every character on The
Simpsons is a stereotype but political
correctness now says you can't play up
who so Hank Azaria is gonna batter that
he's gonna say I'm no longer gonna play
up Lew and I think the most important
thing is we have to listen to South
Asian people Indian people in this
country when they talk about what they
feel and and and how they think about
about this character what their American
experience of it has been and as you
know in television terms listening to
voices means inclusion in the writers
room I really want to see Indian South
Asian writer writers in the room not a
token way but genuinely informing
whatever new direction this character
may take including how it is voiced or
not voiced you know I'm perfectly
willing and happy to step aside or help
transition it into something new I
really hope that's what the Simpsons
does and it just it not only makes sense
but it just feels like the right thing
to do okay there are a lot of people in
America who react to this not by
clapping for Hank Azaria by going what
the hell like what the hell then we're
now at the point in pop culture where we
can't even make jokes about people who
run the kwik-e-mart right the every
every stereotype has been it has
appeared on that show same thing and
Family Guy I mean Family Guy has some of
the worst Jewish stereotypes on planet
Earth then nobody seems all that
bothered by that that kind of stuff now
everybody needs to lighten up everybody
needs to think of each other as an
individual and everybody needs to
recognize that pop culture does not need
to be dominated by one ideology at all
times and also racial politics should
not supplant to individual politics but
the left believes again in
intersectionality they believe group
politics are always overrules individual
politics that's a really nasty belief
and a lot of people gonna buck that a
lot of people are gonna start thinking
hey maybe I'm an individual and then
yeah I ought not be treated as a part of
group the more that happens the more the
Democrats are really in serious trouble
I think that's what they know and that's
why they're angry about Kanye West okay
that's a lot of time that we spent on
Kanye West now I want to turn into some
actual Syria
politics so there's some breaking news
on Michael cone and president Trump in
the investigations into them so Michael
cone has now pled the fifth in the store
McDaniels case so you'll recall that
Cohen admitted to making a payment of
about a hundred thirty thousand dollars
to porn stars Stormies annuals in
exchange for her shutting up about an
affair that she had with Donald Trump
and then storming Daniel sued him
because she wants to get out of the
agreement so that she can talk out or
actually he sued her after she spoke up
because he was trying to make her abide
by that agreement well now he's been
called testify and he has pled the fifth
there are bunch of people on the Left
who are saying that if he plead the
fifth this means you're guilty
he says I'm pleading the fifth because
there's an active FBI investigation well
this makes a fair bit of legal sense you
would have to plead the fifth because
anything he uses in court here can be
used against him by the FBI so even if
he just slips up even if he even if he
missed speaks that stuff can now be used
as the predicate for an investigation by
the FBI the only thing you can do right
now is abide by the stuff his attorneys
are telling him people are saying he's
guilty I don't I don't see you know any
evidence of that
yet we'll find out what people have on
him when the FBI finally comes forward
with an actual indictment if in fact
they do meanwhile president Trump's
lawyers have told the judge that they
are hiring a forensics firm tecora to
comb through a trove of documents seized
when the FBI raided the property of his
personal attorney Michael Cohen
according to CNN they said the president
will be available as needed to review
materials to isolate those they believe
are protected by attorney-client
privilege attorneys for president Trump
submitted a letter to the court ahead of
a hearing that judge Kimball would
scheduled for Thursday afternoon asking
for an update on the government
production of copies of material seized
in the raid of Cohen's home not
surprising that the that Trump's lawyers
would want to go through the documents
they know exactly what's there and they
know how to handle it there are a couple
of threats to Trump in the Michael cone
FBI raid the threat number one is that
Trump combined with Cohen in order to
pay off stormy Daniels and this a
campaign finance violation that's
possibility number one the second and
more difficult possibility is that Trump
has been using Cohen as a fixer on
various issues for years the real
possibility that that Cohn has documents
showing that Trump now paid for an
abortion or something and that leaks
that possibility is pretty high Trump is
going to want to know whether the
whether the FBI has that the FBI has not
been non leaky let's put
been quite leaky all throughout this
process so it's not a giant shock that
that Trump wants to be put involved in
in document production and seeing what
exactly the FBI has meanwhile Rudy
Giuliani president Trump's new personal
lawyer is dealing with an ongoing probe
into Russian interference in the 2016
election and he's met with counsel
Robert Muller on Tuesday reopening
negotiations for presidential interview
according to the Washington Post
so Giuliani joined Trump's legal team
last week he's conveyed the ongoing
resistance of Trump and his advisors to
an interview with federal investigators
but he is now negotiating with Muller I
think the idea here is will let Trump
talk to you if you promise that
basically you got nothing on him right
if you say that you got nothing on him
and if I know what you're gonna ask him
that I'm happy to put Trump here in
front of you now I think this is a dumb
legal strategy I think all the best
intentions will go awry I don't see an
upside really to Trump talking with
Muller maybe the idea here is that if
Trump demonstrates that he has no
knowledge of anything that went on
during his campaign then Muller has no
case against Trump but it's also
possible that Trump let something slip
that's really damaging again it's up to
Muller to prove the case it's not up to
Trump to disprove the case so I'm not
sure I see the legal strategy here on
the part of Rudy Giuliani pushing this
sort of stuff Giuliani of course is
trying to get this thing settled there
are a lot of people around Trump I can
tell you this there are a lot of people
who are very close to Trump who are
giving him bad advice
I don't think Giuliani is necessarily
one of them but I know that there are a
lot of people close to Trump or telling
him Jeff Sessions is the worst rod
Rosenstein is the worst maybe you should
just fire all of these people maybe you
should fire Muller mr. president do not
listen to that advice this is all gonna
be fine as long as everyone just shuts
up okay because again I don't see any of
the evidence yet to demonstrate Russian
collusion with the Trump campaign and
certainly not with the knowledge of the
President of the United States and I
don't see the case for obstruction of
justice even James Comey doesn't see the
case for obstruction of justice and so I
just I think that it's a big mistake to
underestimate the the impact of getting
in front of Muller I think it's a big
mistake to fire the people who are
involved President Trump should be
taking the most hands-off approach
possible here because they don't have
the goods they just do not there's no
evidence that they have the goods at
this point and until there is evidence
they have the goods president Trump
would be a fool to dip his thumb into
this particular pie okay time for some
things I like and then we'll get
some things that I hate so things that I
like yesterday I spoke at Liberty
University it is an incredible place
I'll tell you it is just an amazing
place the level of religious fervor the
level of interest in judeo-christian
values it was really quite wonderful
there about I guess there is a kid's
convocation so is a huge crowd
convocation you're mandated to come so I
can't say that I drew all of those
people I have been told that normally
convocation speakers draw 78,000 people
we drew anywhere from from eleven
thousand to thirteen thousand people
yesterday and it was just electric it
was fantastic and and before we started
the convocation when you give a speech
it's actually the middle of a worship
service and the worship service was led
by the Liberty University worship
collective they're actually really good
okay so this is the band that they shift
every four years for every four years
they change over the the constituency of
their worship band and the worship band
is actually quite good I was quite taken
with them so here's here's a little bit
of what they sounded like they have they
have a music video for one of their
songs I believe this this is slightly
older from last year
in your house
I
it was really a cool thing and it was it
there's an amazing moments actually
during my speech I talked a little bit
about abortion actually a fair bit about
abortion and I talked about the the
movement on the left to abort children
with Down syndrome and one and the one
of the I believe he's one of the deans
over there
Pastor David Nasser right his brother
came up with him afterward his brother
was in the crowd and his brother is Down
syndrome and his brother to let a prayer
after my speech against abortion he said
something he said something incredibly
moving east he actually thanked God for
his Down syndrome he said I thank God
for my down syndrome so I can be an
advocate on behalf of Down syndrome
people everywhere who do not want to be
killed in the womb it was an amazing
amazing thing but yeah the Liberty is
doing amazing work and it's not just
because I speak at a lot of campuses
right how often do actually recommend
the campuses I think Liberty is doing
some pretty amazing things the level of
growth that university is just
incredible so check them out of here if
you're looking at going to college I
think this would be an interesting place
to go for sure and check out the Liberty
University worship collective if you're
in the Christian rock it's I think they
do some pretty cool stuff okay time for
a couple of quick things that I hate so
first thing that I hate I it is pretty
incredible how Hillary Clinton was able
to get away with the fact that she was
so closely associated with Harvey
Weinstein and it had very little impact
on her during the during the election
cycle and she has not really been raked
over the coals for her for her
association with Weinstein since Ronan
Farrow who just want a Pulitzer Prize
for his investigation into Harvey
Weinstein he's he's written a new book
now and he actually says that Hillary
canceled an interview tried to cancel an
interview because he was writing about
Harvey Weinstein which is a pretty
incredible thing had scheduled an
interview while I was at the height of
the Weinstein reporting and her folks
got in touch and said we hear you're
working on a big story sounded very
concerned and tried to cancel that
interview or the Weinstein set over the
Weinstein stuff no I'm surprised at that
you all I'm pretty pretty impressive you
know that Hillary Clinton would go that
far in defense of Harvey Weinstein but
again everyone is on the left she's
ripping into Trump remember you ran the
worst candidate in history in 2016
that's why you lost okay other things
that I hate so so McCrone Emmanuel
macron spoke before Congress yesterday
it got completely overshadowed by Kanye
which is hysterically funny
apparently there are reports that the
French Embassy they were confused
because all of the news coverage
yesterday was about storming
daniels and kanye west and i quote but
our president is here speaking before
Congress he no one cares of course we
don't care why do we care what Emmanuel
macron has to say I mean like really
he's like I understand he likes to plant
trees with President Trump and hold
hands them sometimes all weird and stuff
but like why exactly what I care what
Emmanuel macron has to say on matters of
politics when his own country is right
now in the throes of a spate of
anti-semitic attacks that has led to the
mass migration of literally thousands of
Jews per years out of out of France to
Israel and he's talking about Western
values at the same time
apparently he ripped into Trump from the
floor of Congress Democrats were
cheering it was basically an Obama
speech from the floor of Congress here's
what it sounded like
we can choose isolationism withdrawal
and nationalism this is an option it can
be tempting to us as a temporary remedy
to all fears but closing the door to the
word will not stop the evolution of the
word it will not doubt but inflame the
fears of our citizens there is an
existing framework called the jcpoa to
control the nuclear activity of Iran
okay so he went there and he promoted
the Iran deal he talked about how
isolationism in the isolationism isn't
the way I agree that isolationism isn't
the way he also talked about how
nationalism was it was inherently
terrible which is something I disagree
with I don't think nationalism is
inherently terrible I think it depends
what nation you are being nationalistic
on behalf of but when McCrone goes out
there and he rips into the Trump
administration which is currently
defending Western civilization on a
variety of fronts right it was Trump not
Obama who actually took action in Syria
it's Trump not Obama who's attempting to
take action in North Korea it is Trump
not Obama who's taking harsh action
against the Russians and when McCrone
gets up there and rips into Trump it
just demonstrates that the global Left
has a serious disconnect they think that
being globalist being internationalist
that what that really means that we all
ought to get in a room and then have a
poll as to what to do on policy Trump
believes that and I think that he's been
made to believe at least by the folks
around him like john bolton company that
being a true nationalist means
protecting America's interests which
means which means being muscular on the
world stage and pursuing America's
interests also means some
is going it alone which obviously is
eminently correct okay final thing that
I hate today
so all the late night host last night
decided to go after Kanye of course
because if Kanye had tweeted in favor of
President Obama or had tweeted against
Trump then he'd be a hero of Colin
Kapernick meal from the national anthem
he's a hero
but if Kanye tweets that he likes
president from end of world so you want
to see the Solidarity of Hollywood you
want to see the universality of
Hollywood and the monolithic nature of
Hollywood look at these late night hosts
going after Kanye but right now my
Twitter feed is just tweets from Donald
Trump and Kanye West Kanye is getting
kind of political he tweeted my Maggie
hat is signed followed by 30 fire emojis
now that is fitting because that is how
many times I would set that hat on fire
we have the right to independent thought
and I independently think that Kanye has
lost his mind like I don't even know
what happened here
I think Kanye West just realized he's
too rich to not be Republican I don't
even know what is know what's crazy is
that Kanye is the same guy who said
George Bush hates black people that's
what he says if George Bush doesn't care
about black people but he's the same guy
who loves Trump like when George Bush
sees us on Twitter he's gonna be like
what the I know it was a bad president
but this guy's friends with Nazis okay
so a couple of things to point out here
first of all I love Trevor Noah saying
that Kanye became too rich to be a
Democrat how much mine is Trevor no make
again it seems to me Trevor knows
probably a pretty rich dude okay second
thing I love that Stephen Colbert is
saying that Kanye gets political and
then T he says that he would set the
Donald Trump hat on fire so only Kanye
has been political not Stephen Colbert
again you're allowed to be political in
Hollywood but only on one side of the
aisle okay we'll be back here tomorrow
with all of the latest insanity that is
sure to break out today i'm ben shapiro
this is the ben shapiro show
the Ben Shapiro show is produced by
Mathis Glover executive producer Jeremy
boring senior producer Jonathan hey our
technical producer is austin stevens
edited by alec singhara audio is mixed
by Mike Carmina hair and makeup is by
Joshua Oliveira the Ben Shapiro show is
a daily wire for word publishing
production copyright floor publishing
