in a special election Republicans held
on to a congressional seat in Arizona
yesterday CNN says the Republican win is
a win for Democrats because if Democrats
win
that's a Democrat win but if Republicans
win the win goes to the Democrats after
CNN crunched the numbers in CNN's
patented number crunching machine many
of the numbers lay crunch to the point
of no longer being numbers but simply
mangled symbols representing nothing in
particular
this allowed CNN to announce that the
Republican win was yet another sign of
an oncoming Democrat wave that would
sweep the country with Republican wins
favoring Democrats meanwhile Fox News is
once again one the ratings cycle with
CNN which CNN says is a win for CNN
trigger warning I'm Andrew Klavan and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
see Topsy the Zipit easing its
all right it's mailbag day so your
problems you pack up your problems Eevee
pack up your problems in your old mail
bag and smile brothers month here's the
thing though you want to be able to be
if you're not in this week's mailbag you
want to be in next week's mailbag you
have to subscribe to ask questions to go
to the daily wire.com send us ten bucks
you're in the mailbag that's it just
that's all we ask it so it's like a
bribe consider it a bribe it's like it's
like protection for your personal
problems you know like the Mafia that
comes around and says pay him so you're
you know a truck doesn't drive through
your restaurant this is the same thing
you pay us the ten lousy bucks a month
and your personal problems don't happen
anymore because we answer all your
questions in the mailbag you might say
how can you do that while looking so
superb well it's because I exercise like
crazy and you can exercise like crazy
too if you get Beachbody on demand what
is it
Beachbody on demand is an easy-to-use
streaming service that gives you instant
access to a wide variety of super
effective workouts you can do from the
comfort of your living room or your
hotel or ever you are 24 hours a day
seven days a week it is the best because
it has a history of success it's the
company behind nine p90x insanity 21 day
fix a number of other top exercise
programs they have the best trainers
like Shaun T chalene johnson Tony Horton
and autumn Calabrese they have excellent
programs from body building to weight
training to cardio to yoga even dance
workouts and you can work out on your
schedule and access it anywhere anytime
I have tried a lot of these programs the
insanity one is well-named
because you have to be insane but you
will look insanely good after you do it
for a while and right now my listeners
can get a special free trial membership
when you text andrew to 300 300 300
30 30 30 to get your Beachbody on demand
free trial membership you'll get full
access to the entire platform for free
all the workouts the nutrition
information and support totally free
again just text Andrew to 30 30 33 o 3o
3o make sure you do that so they know
that people are listening
when we sponsor things and then you see
this light does shining on me we can
keep that burning but because we have
sponsors so the there's asperity
between what is happening in the news
for instance Donald Trump's meeting with
the French president and the way the
news is reporting it I just sat there
and I thought to myself you know the
biggest lie the biggest lie that
American journalists tell themselves the
biggest lie American journals tell is
the lie they tell themselves the lie
that they are doing a good job and a lie
that if they're being attacked it must
be because they're being adversarial
heroic reporters there is there's an old
expression and a lot of people are said
to have said this love your country but
don't trust your government
well my expression is love the First
Amendment but don't necessarily trust
the people who use it who benefit from
it I mean I am an absolutist when it
comes to the First Amendment I don't
believe there should be any censorship I
believe you should be able to say
whatever you want tell whatever you want
that's why I so I'm so annoyed and
disrespectful of Google and Twitter and
YouTube for silencing conservatives I
think everybody should get a chance to
talk but that doesn't make you a good
reporter and it doesn't make you a good
journalist and when I look at these guys
they are working so hard because Trump
attacks them so much as they deserve
they tell themselves that it's Trump you
know that's the lie they tell themselves
over we must be really getting to him
when instead all they do is lie and lie
and lie and you know our press our press
basically has now become an arm of the
Democrat Party I mean there's just the
numbers just show it 7% of journalists
identify as Republicans 28% of you know
identify as Democrats something like 50
percent identify as independence and
they are lying they are just lying they
are Democrats if any of those fifty
percent we identify as independents has
ever voted for anyone other than a
Democrat it's a socialist I mean think
or not they are not middle-of-the-road
you know they don't let a lot of places
won't let journalists donate to
campaigns but those journals who did
donate ninety six percent of them
donated to Hillary Clinton in the last
election
and that doesn't mean they have they
never report malfeasance on the part of
Democrats but when they do it's
basically self-criticism and - they're
saying you know why aren't the Democrats
doing a better job and it makes their
coverage a standing lie if you did not
report if you did not report on Obama's
IRS scandal the way at this at the level
you were reported on the non scandal
about Russia collusion you are a liar
you're lying
that means CNN ABC CBS NBC The New York
Times that means all of them are living
in a bubble of dishonesty and everything
they say so I but the thing is I used to
think to myself they're purposely
propagandizing for the Democrats but no
the biggest lie they tell themselves is
the biggest lie they tell is little high
they tell themselves which is that they
are being objective so there is an
article in variety which is the show
business trade paper right that it's
called inside the intense combative
world of covering the Trump White House
and who do they interview they interview
to the biggest nude Knicks in journalism
to the biggest idiots April Ryan and Jim
Acosta
look at me I'm Jim Acosta that's his
nickname is Jim
look at me I'm Jim Acosta and hey they
they are there's also a Washington Post
woman in there her name is Ashley Parker
but she never gets to speak because the
two of them are so busy telling how what
your heroes they are these tremendous
heroes so let's look at just a couple of
quotes because they actually did get
some of it on video they talked the play
cut number nine this is April Ryan Jim
Acosta on how heroic they are because
people are threatening them with death I
actively get death threats and just for
asking questions I mean even when the
President did that fateful first and
only solo press conference when I asked
him about the urban agenda or his urban
fix and then he asked me to get the
Congressional Black Caucus together I
started getting so much hate as if I did
something wrong and then when Sean
Spicer told me to stop shaking my head
how dare you you are nothing but this
the other and death from above we're
coming after you oh it was terrible yeah
I probably received more death threats
than I can count
I get them basically once a week and
there was one this week that came in
after the Easter Egg Roll situation and
it was a you know threat of violence it
was an email that came to me I alerted
CNN made them aware of it and our
security people took care of it and it's
you know it's an unfortunate side effect
of this environment that we're living in
right now it's you know nobody should
send death threats to anybody you should
never send death threats to the press
but just because you're getting death
threats doesn't mean you're not a
schmuck I mean Jim look at me I'm Jim
Acosta is one of the worst journalists I
have ever he's a clown and April Ryan is
absurd but they think they tell
themselves that they tell themselves
that because people are threatening them
because Trump is angry at them they must
be in an adversarial position and
therefore they must have been an
adversarial position with the reporters
who come before but let's take let's
just play one more cut from this
interview this self-aggrandizing
interview and I love the fact that the
lady from the Washington Post can't get
a word in edgewise she never really says
anything but here they they talk about
the fact that it's always it really has
always been they've always had an
adversarial relationship with everybody
they cover but with Trump it's just he's
just so mean the years that year they
are well under Obama and April can speak
to the shoes in the briefing room and
you know Ashley and I covered Mitt
Romney you know obviously there was this
adversarial relationship between the
press and the people you're covering
there's a you know there were tense
moments obviously there's tension
there's that natural tension that exists
between the journalists and the press
and and the people that were covering
but it was never like this we were never
called fake news we were never called
the enemy of the people and that I think
just created a totally different climate
and environment that we're all sort of
trying to make sense of and trying to
figure out how do we cover the news in
that kind of toxic environment and and
so that that's why I you know for a lot
of us it's very challenging but it's
also very rewarding but you know there's
one thing there's a thread
you know for the last four presidents
that I've covered there's a thread
there's always retaliation but never on
this scale you know if you write
something or or report on something that
they don't like of course they're gonna
give you a call or call your bosses or
come to you literally and talk to you
about well it wasn't this way or you've
gotten it wrong this administration
you'll get a fakey an award or they'll
call you out they'll try to embarrass
you they will try to disparage your name
so let's let's just see for a minute
let's go back and visit the adversarial
relationship that these reporters had
with the Obama administration let's play
cut number 11 April Ryan asking the
really tough questions of President
Barack Obama under your watch people
have said that you have expanded the
rubberband of inclusion and with the
election and the incoming administration
people are saying that rubberband has
required and maybe is even broken and
I'm taking her to a time on Air Force
One going to Selma Alabama when you said
your job wants to close a gap that
remains with that what gaps still remain
when it comes to rights issues on the
table and also what part when you play
in fixing those gaps
after in your new life
and lastly you are the first black
president do you expect in this country
see this that's know it's hard to
understand why Trump would you know take
after these people but not Obama why
Obama was so nice to them why Obama did
not you know when Obama I got any kind
of a question that asked the press
discussed for days whether it was
because of race that he had been asked
the tough questions now let's look at
the way these guys talk about Donald
Trump okay Donald Trump put out a tweet
about sanctuary cities in California of
cities in California rebelling against
the state's declaration that we're a
sanctuary state right and he put out
tweets said there's a revolution going
on in California so many sanctuary areas
want out of this ridiculous
crime-infested and breeding concept
Jerry Brown is trying to back out of the
National Guard at the border but the
people of the state are not happy wants
security and safety now so it seems
obvious to me when he said this breeding
concept what he meant was this concept
that has get this idea this is just
getting worse and worse
listen to Ryan and Acosta asked what
what this word means and you tell me if
they would ever ever ever have taken
anything from Obama out of context like
this listen to this when he used for
breeding was he making a derogatory term
about Latinos in California that they
breed a lot or that they're prone to
breeding about the problem itself
growing and getting bigger you know what
does breeding mean to this president
because when you think of breeding you
think of animals breeding population to
think what you think certainly I think
that you mean a lot of things to a lot
of people but the president's talking
about a growing problem and I dress that
with Jim I don't have anything else to
have twice they have twice about his use
of the word breeding they must be out
there breeding and they did it you know
it was serious when they did in
Charlottesville you know when they did
it about that that was serious the make
the guy look like some kind of a racist
madman so that Kanye West has to like
suffer the slings and arrows of
outrageous fortune because he actually
has a friends with Donald Trump who's
won awards for his work among the black
community it's utterly
surd it is utterly absurd but then lie
the biggest lie they tell is the lie
they tell themselves you know the New
York Times had an article before it's a
former newspaper you may have heard of
it it's they had an article about what
you never see you never see that point
of view in the mainstream press and they
took a poll of about a thousand people
what would you like to see in the
mainstream press that you never seen of
course the biggest one was you never see
any Trump supporters you never see
anybody in Trump supporters and at the
same time they said oh also we'd like to
see more open communists open social
like we never see people on the Left now
I believe that The Times is lying about
this but I think they I think everybody
must say yeah no Trump supporters in
your newspaper not one so he says he
says well they were writing it he says
well yeah it's true that we don't talk
enough about Donald Trump but it's the
Trump problem strikes me as trickier to
solve because so much of trumps
political style depends on line well so
much of the New York Times depends on
lying to if you covered if you did not
cover the Obama IRS scandal the greatest
presidential scandal of my lifetime a
lifetime which includes Watergate if you
didn't include it cover it the way
you're just won this Pulitzer Prize for
covering the scandal that doesn't even
exist about Russia then you're a liar
you are you're just even you're good
reporting just contributes to the lie
you know I know that Joy Behar is not a
journalist but I just want to play this
for one minute Joy Behar that that
horrible cackling human humanoid on the
view who she you know they had this
picture at Barbara Bush's funeral where
Obama and George W Bush and Clinton were
all there and they're smiling and
they're you know and they are says isn't
this wonderful isn't this the way it
ought to be
if only Trump could be like this oh
listen to Joy Behar this picture made me
nostalgic for the America that I grew up
in basically where there were statesmen
running the country in cities and I'm
one of those people in that picture
denigrated the press I think that that
differentiates all those from Donald
Trump they didn't like the press there
were many acrimonious moments where
people got into trouble with the press
you know even george w and and clinton
they were not happy but this guy goes
after the press as if the press is the
enemy
makes up fake stories and that's why
they're different from him that's one of
the main reasons why we should be
looking at that picture and understand
what we're seeing to a Behar said of the
book George Bush George W Bush
administration I don't know what it's
going to take for people to really wake
up and understand that they are liars
and they are murderers this is the
George W Bush administration that's what
I mean though this is what I mean I know
she's not a journalist but they're all
like this they're all like they don't
know they don't know that they said the
same thing about Mitt Romney that they
say about Trump that they treated george
w bush like scum they treated him like
dirt they kicked him around like a
soccer ball and they treated Obama like
the second coming of Christ I mean even
even Barbara Walters said that we
thought he was this this new coming of
the Savior and they don't know and they
think that doesn't affect the way they
cover it and they think we don't see the
way they cover it because they think
it's reality see that's the thing they
think yes yes we did treat Obama like
Jesus because he was Jesus you know
that's why that's why we do it and we
treat Trump like a devil because because
he's Satan anybody anybody can see I
mean this is this is the thing they're
living in this lie so let's just look it
really always helps at least once a week
it always helps to stop look at reality
look at what's really happening and then
look at the coverage in the press and it
is it couldn't be any funnier with Trump
meeting with the French president
macaroon or whatever the heck his name
is Horan Makai and makini they had the
first state dinner first state dinner
and first before I start on the rest of
the press I have to give kudos to CBS
who finally notice something that has
really gotten to me is that Melania
Trump is a great first lady she's far
far better than you know she's it would
be hard to top w's white that that she
Laura Bush be hard to top Laura Bush but
she has been elegant classy and and
after all her husband is under fire her
husband has probably done terrible
things in their marriage and it's all
coming out and yet she remains
incredibly classy and CBS finally
noticed the disparity play that cut clip
but if she's seen mysterious maybe one
reason as the media hasn't exactly
embraced her Trump support
James Woods pointed out an apparent
double standard on Twitter Michelle
Obama graced more than 30 major US
magazine covers when her husband was
president so far mrs. Trump has been on
exactly none and only one foreign
magazine nearly twenty years ago when
she was dating mr. Trump the New York
Times said she might be the perfect
political spouse she said then if she
ever became first lady she would be
traditional like Jackie Onassis and
since the inauguration when she first
drew comparisons to Jackie oh she's
weathered her husband's storms with
dignity much like her famous predecessor
Melania Trump is the first lady of the
century like Jackie O was the first lady
of last century Paolo's Empoli is a
longtime friend of both trumps we have
seen clearly the way that she's a change
in the White House the way she's
decorate in the White House she has her
own taste very elegant very classy so
good for them because really she has got
nothing but flak and she has been
elegant and composed and kind to kids
and really really L you know she just
she she makes you proud you know she
makes it
are you proud that she's representing
the country and I and I was not somebody
you know I've said that it's kind of
cognitive dissonance because her
background is not what do you think the
background over first lady's have been
but she's just been doing a good job and
good for them for mentioning all right
so Trump and macron get it together and
they obviously love each other the two
of them it's like an actual relationship
the hilarious moment we got to play it
because it's just hilarious
is Trump brushing the dandruff they
can't keep their hands off one another
jump brushes the dandruff off the French
president's shoulder but we do have a
very special relationship
in fact I'll get that little piece of
we have to make him perfect he is
perfect
it's great all right it's a funny moment
but but they're talking about serious
stuff and and Trump has these objections
to the Iran deal the Barack Obama's Iran
deal which was pushed forward through
lies and by tricking the press openly
they said they tricked the press and
he's right he's right to have these are
worthwhile objections to have but he is
also in a bind which was that the Iran
deal was diabolically set up to give a
ran all this money to give everything to
the Iran up front and only get whatever
benefits we get afterward and so we get
this ten-year delay in their nuclear
weapons program considering the fact
that they are demonic terrorists
nutballs
that's nothing ten years you know that's
that's the thinking of a child I mean
John Oliver was on them saying ten years
is better than now ten years is now when
you're talking about nuclear weapons for
Iran it's absurd it is a childish stupid
deal Trump is right and the Europeans
have their own self-interests which is
that they like dealing with Iran they
like the deal with the or the oil and
they they do a lot of commercial dealing
with them trading with them and so it's
good for Europe so macron is trying to
get Trump - maybe renegotiate the deal
they're talking about serious stuff okay
that's what they're talking about let's
talk about what the press is talking
about okay here is CNN's editor what's
his name the editor in editor-at-large
Chris ELISA he's looking at in case
you're not watching you're just
listening he's looking at a picture of
the French first lady and Melania and
Mackenna and Trump all holding hands and
raising up their hands triumphantly and
some of them have their the French
people have their fingers I guess lifted
listen this is crystal easy reporting
the news this is the four of them after
they both gave McCrone and Trump both
gave speeches so obviously lots of
people talking about a Melania Trump's
hat that's the buzz of the picture but I
just want to point one thing out people
will say oh I did I find this that the
political theatrics fascinating what is
going on here and here why is Matt crone
doing the hook em horns it's very
it's either that or the gene Simmons
kiss guitarist thing but either way it's
super weird Melania Trump grabbing his
other two fingers that's a pro move
Donald Trump grabbing I think just Mac
Crohn's middle finger super super
awkward these are the things that I
spend my life trying to figure out
Brooke it's it's a blessing and a curse
it's a curse for us it's a you know it's
a blessing for you that you're getting
paid to do that say that you got paid to
waste 45 seconds of actual airtime
talking about that and let's just go
back to the New York Times for a minute
how they're covering this obvious it's
an obvious friendship between these two
guys and you know who knows why it is
it's like they hit it off they like each
other all right here's the New York
Times talking about what they call love
bromance right for all of the
disagreements and differences of
opinions that the presidents hashed out
privately on Tuesday none more prominent
than whether to keep or scrap the
nuclear deal with Iran mr. Trump and mr.
McCrone seemed to revel in each other's
presence pouring on the charm perhaps it
was a diplomatic strategy on the part of
mr. McCrone who hosted mr. Trump last
summer at the best steel day parade in
Paris or perhaps mr. Trump was simply
trying to please or dominate his guests
mr. the idea that they might just like
each other never occurs to them it's
a-you know mr. Trump took you know
because how could they because the New
York Times doesn't live in a world where
that's possible mr. Trump took mr.
McCrone hand as they went to walk into
the Oval Office not letting go as they
strolled away it was a stark contrast to
the chilly reception mr. Trump appeared
to receive from his wife Melania earlier
in the day as they awaited the macarons
arrival on the South Lawn when he
reached his fingers over gingerly to try
to clasp hands with mrs. Trump who at
first did not reciprocate and ultimately
they did hold hands you know I actually
saw this piece of video and he's he's
you know got his little fingers kind of
knocking ovate you know who knows she
may not even even felt it who knows
what's going on in me remember
but but just to show you where the New
York Times stands because the New York
Times thinks that they are an objective
newspaper with a slightly urban liberal
tilt right that comment that comment is
the same as MSNBC now I rarely pick on
MSNBC right because there are openly
leftist organization the New York Times
I pick them cuz they lie because they
think then and they lie to them the
biggest lie they tell is the one
they tell themselves that they play it
straight but let's just listen to MSNBC
talking about the same thing the fact
that the president McCrone touch each
other all the time it was interesting to
watch all of that today there's clearly
a relationship that's developed between
Trump and microns I mean it is you know
like I expected from MSNBC I expect from
the New York Times too but the New York
Times doesn't it doesn't expect it from
himself
let me end this with just a little piece
from one of the really good web sites
his campus reform which goes out and
talks to college kids and just shows how
little they know about things that
recently they went out and they asked
them about Trump sending troops National
Guard troops to the border to protect
the border and first asked about Trump
and then told them only then did they
tell them that Obama had done exactly
the same thing
and listen to this and think about the
media because this is what the media is
like I don't think it's good to send you
know militarized tubes to people who are
coming in unarmed walls don't really
like keep people out and like just think
about it like how many airplanes like
are there they're basically there to
like was it shoot to kill like what's
like I don't want there to be any loss
of life like that seems like the only
goal here did you know that President
Obama did the exact same thing when he
was president like
honestly I'm not super up-to-date with
all this I didn't know that so I just
think that we need to be so like
compassionate toward other people and is
definitely not what he's putting forward
and did you know President Obama did the
same move he also sent a few thousand
troops I did not know that that's
surprising I mean yeah I got yeah I was
yeah that's kind of surprising it
sounded like you're opposed to that when
President Trump did it were you opposed
to it and President Obama did it though
when President Obama did it I felt that
there was I suppose different coverage
as to what the intentions were I don't
know anything about that personally
that's that is the American press that
is the American press when Donald Trump
comes out and says this deal has
problems the Iran deal has problems I
guarantee you if Trump had made this
deal with Iran and Obama we're trying to
overturn it or renegotiate it it would
be like oh my god this deal is so bad
this dish it's who does it it is who
does it and you know it wouldn't all
they could fix it easily hire some Trump
supporters hi put some Trump supporters
on the editorial desk easy easy fix but
the biggest lie they tell them to tell
is this one they tell themselves and it
is that they are objective and because
it's because Trump is attacking them
that they must be doing what's right and
they're not they are not the mailbag is
coming up which means you're just a few
minutes away from all your problems
being solved this is a great day for you
start drinking come on over to the Daily
wire calm sea that was perfect timing
like we should always just have to drug
if I drag out the bag a little bit it
gives us time to hit that button all
right from from Yago dear great
patriarch Clavin destroyer of feminist
myths I am afraid I am becoming a sexist
in the misogynistic sense of the word
recently I've been noticing more and
more how the differences between the
sexes play a major role in history and
society Camille Paglia
made it clear that societies that start
adopting feminine qualities start to see
the beginning of their society crumble
women just aren't as interested in the
truth
and how women tend to make decisions
based on emotion and security rather
than a reason and freedom makes me think
that women are pardon the harsh words
ladies inferior in the development of
philosophies or societies that work my
entire life I've had more female friends
than male but I just can't get over how
a rational and emotional most women have
been sounding as of late lord Clavin
help me see the errors of my views or at
least how women aren't as bad making
them sound dear thanks and I'm sorry to
any women watching that I may have
offended I'm really not that bad a guy
all bigotry is are the same all bigotry
is the same it's when when you were
bigoted against a group it is not that
you are saying anything wrong about the
group it is that you're overestimating
yourself okay it is not that other
people you know don't have problems it's
not in any group that you put together
whether it's a random group or a racial
group or a sex group are going to have
problems that are related to that actual
group that actual grouping it is the
idea that you are better than they are
that somehow you that you don't have
those flaws and that your flaws aren't
equally destructive you know to the
world at large or to people at large
I've worked I have had the advantage of
working both in an office that was all
men and in an office that except for me
was all women and I can tell you that
when there is not balance you've got
serious serious problems you really do
and it may be it may be that men who
have a greater propensity for risk are
more at ease with freedom than women are
but some of the fiercest defenders of
freedom I know are women and some of the
worst violators against freedom because
they believe that the opposition should
be crutch crushed like we were talking
about yesterday they believe that
freedom can only be maintained if we
crush the opposition you think well
that's not freedom anymore you know that
those tend to be men so your mistake is
not thinking Oh women are emotional more
emotional than men women are more
emotional lament you're not your mistake
may not be thinking that men have the
capacity to be incredibly coldly
rational your mistake is not seeing the
flaws of men you're he's not seeing the
flaws as men you sound like Henry
Higgins in my fair lady you know women
are irrational that's all there is to
that and why can't there be men are so
reasonable and pleasant nice it's not
it's not what he's thinking about whip
it's what he's saying about men we are
all of us we are all of us a deeply
deeply flawed we're all of us a danger
to society and ourselves we are all of
us a danger to freedom every single one
of us that women are going to have be
flawed like women and men are going to
be flawed like men that's true that is
true but that woman's flaws are greater
than men's flaws is ridiculous
it's all about good people and all about
people who support the right ideas
that's all it's about
all right I hope that convinced you
otherwise you're gonna have a very
lonely life from gay Cathy
Andrew do you believe in hell I
understand the argument about why
there's evil on earth because God
doesn't want us to force us to follow
him and in order for there to be a true
relationship there must be freedom of
choice involved a natural consequence of
this is the existence of evil but the
prospect of facing eternal damnation for
choosing not to form a relationship with
the Creator seems a bit like putting a
gun to someone's head and telling them
they're totally free to choose if I can
rob them or not
interesting point first let me answer
just in all honesty I almost never think
about what happens after I die I mean
for first I'm never going to die and
second secondly when I do die I'm coming
back because it's just just to repay
those who have offended me so I you know
I just don't think about it and when I
read the Gospels when I read the Bible
there's very very little actual
information most of it most of what we
think about Hell what we think about
heaven is deduced so you ask me all
these things you know do I believe in
Hell yeah I suspect that what I what I
believe is that the Ark of morality is
longer than life the moral arc is longer
than life because God lives longer than
life and we live longer than life we
live in God's world and the things that
we do in this world have an effect and
they have a result and I it seems
perfectly likely to me that the things
we do in this world continue to have an
effect as we go forward so you say
that's a threat but it's not really a
threat because it's something you're
doing to yourself if you don't work out
you're going to be out of shape if you
do work out you'll be in shape now I
hope you enjoy working out I enjoy
working out but you know still you do it
also for the results everything you do
is for the results really everything you
do except just the experience of joy
itself you
for because of a purpose right you do
for a purpose and you know that they're
you know that they're going to be
consequences you know if you drink hard
tonight you're gonna feel bad tomorrow
you know if you don't you know you know
feel better and all everything has
consequences
so the fact that we live in a world of
consequences you can look at as being a
threat but or you can just look at it as
the facts of life and if you believe you
know you cannot believe that in those
things but it's just going to lead you
where it leads you
and the thing the thing about it is is
because it would be to me unfair if
everything went great in life and then
the trapdoor opened up beneath you and
you fell through the roof because you
didn't know the right name of God I
don't believe that I don't believe that
that's what happens I don't believe
we're living in a game show a random
game show is like ah sorry you didn't
say Jesus Jesus boom you're done you
know I don't believe that that's the way
it works I believe that if you follow
what is the best instinct within
yourself toward virtue you're going to
get there get to the right place get
where you want to go and so if you're
not doing that you already know you're
doing the wrong thing so it's not like
it's not like a big surprise if as you
go through into the afterlife the
consequences continue the one thing I
will say is this is somewhere in my
heart I believe that in the idea that a
damnation is eternal
Jesus is always saying that the fire is
never extinguished but he doesn't
necessarily say nobody ever gets out you
know and I I've always wondered if there
is a moment when anybody and everybody
can still be saved that's is more in
keeping with my idea of God but again I
don't think about it that much because
it's it's really literally above my
paygrade it's literally the thing that
you're not supposed to know from Jeremy
hi I am wondering about your theme song
is it original or am I missing a
cultural reference my kids come running
when they hear it and sing hooray hurrah
they run away when they hear Shapiro's
guitar riff Run For Your Lives children
when you hear that guitar fe shapiro is
coming after you that's how you scare
your kids into doing the right thing do
better Bay
ben shapiro is coming at these this song
is inspired by a Danny Kaye Danny Kaye
is one of the funniest comedians who
ever lived and he had a very big movie
career his movies are okay and some of
them are grade the core Chester is a
great great comedy still I think it
still holds up but he's in a movie
called the merry Andrew right and in
this is one of the worst songs ever
written by one of the greatest
songwriters who ever lived Johnny Mercer
called everything is tickety-boo and
he's supposed to be an Englishman than
their English are supposed to say
everything is tickety-boo
so the merry Andrew is singing
everything is tickety-boo so I once came
in and made that joke and I think it was
Jeremy boring the god king of the daily
wire who suggested we turned the joke
into a song so we Jeremy and I wrote the
song that was supposed to be a kind of
take off we didn't think we could just
steal everything is tickety-boo
and so we that's how the song came to be
Jeremy wrote the first verse and then I
went through and made it worse that I
said this is not quite bad enough for a
theme so so I went through and made it
worse all right from Christopher dear
galactic Viceroy of all that is mediocre
mediocre I am and I guess if I'm the the
Lord of the multiverse that includes the
mediocre I am an army reservist in Idaho
and I'm up for potential deployment if I
deploy my fiance and I were planning on
getting married legally before I leave
then having the ceremony reception
immediately upon coming home that way
she's entitled to my benefits in the
case that I get blown up god forbid this
will also increase the amount that I'm
paid in my allowance for housing that
way she won't have to worry at all about
rent or living considering she will be
finishing college while I'm gone we have
been waiting to have sex until we are
married because of our Christian faith
and have been seeking a multitude of
wise counselors and Noel's what that's
what it's a wondering if we should have
sex after we sign the legal document or
wait until I get home and have the
religious ceremony before we get it on I
am her spiritual leader as we believe a
husband should be and she will be in
favor of whatever I decide
would I be leading her into sin if we
have sex after signing the legal Val but
before taking our religious ones before
our friends and family I don't
understand why there's another question
like this about living together and when
one it's almost the same question
someone
they want to move in together and
because they can't afford the mayor the
wedding so so here is my take on this
first of all I this whole notion of big
weddings now that has become a big deal
I don't care about it i virtually eloped
with my wife we had 10 people at our
wedding that was like 40 years ago we've
been very happy ever since you know you
don't need a big wedding I don't
understand in this question why you
can't have your a quick service done by
an actual minister solve your problem
and and sleep together and be married
and then if you want to have a big
ceremony when you get back and or when
you have more money do it then I don't
understand why you can't why that's that
seems like a very simple solution to me
why I get all legalistic and wonder does
this work just have the ceremony
performed by a whatever your religion is
very quickly and then come back and have
a big wedding if you want take my advice
come back and don't have a big wedding
and instead get a nice house you know
invest in a house and have some people
have forever but I don't I don't even
understand why you're setting up this
dichotomy if it bothers you that you're
only that you'd only be married legally
and not religiously get married
religiously quickly and you know have a
big party when you get back and stay
safe from Marisa a dear Lord of most
wisdom I was brought up see not many
people know that title that's one of my
more obscure titles I was brought up in
the Christian faith and I've always
tried to follow the Bible to some extent
I have recently started spending more
time trying to read understand and
follow faithfully I have noticed that I
repeatedly struggle and fail with
battling jealousy I am a student-athlete
at college and have been working very
hard for the last two and a half years
to compete at Nationals this year I have
been pathetically underperforming while
a freshman will more than likely be
making Nationals in the same event
she's a wonderfully smart beautiful
dedicated and hard-working individual
and I want to be her friend however even
when I talked with her outside of
practice I feel a competitive urge and
slightly jealous do you have any
suggestions on what I should do to stop
regarding her as competition and drop my
jealous feelings over so I can have a
true friendship thank you in advance
Marisa this is a big deal manemma where
you wrote a whole book about this called
the green hills of africa the moral of
this
which is is envy ruins everything
jealousy ruins everything which I truly
believe I wrestled with it a great deal
in youth and I overcame it and not to be
honest I'm not I've tried to go back and
trace what I did to overcome it I mean I
learned to take great pleasure in the
achievements of my friends now listen
I've I've done most of the things in my
life that I wanted to do I have liked
achievement that doesn't mean that
everything I did always succeeded
but I've achieved everything that I set
out to do and so that doesn't kind of
make you relaxed but but it it was I
really do believe it was more than that
I really understood two things early on
when I understood that I wasn't actually
jealous of other people's achievements I
was angry that I wasn't achieving
something so that's the first thing you
say in your letter that you have been
pathetically underperforming and the
question I immediately comes into my
mind is why are you pathetically
underperforming because you're not
working hard enough are you pathetically
underperforming because you don't have
as much skill as you thought you had why
are you pathetically underperforming
because that's your real problem your
real problem is not that this girl is is
going to the Nationals it's that you're
not and you're not living up to your
expectations and so that's the problem
you have to solve I mean even when I
experienced Envy in the old days I
realized that I didn't want my friends
to fail I loved my friends I wanted them
to succeed I was actually happy for them
I was just dissatisfied with my own life
and that was a very very important
distinction so the question here is you
know why aren't you inspired by this
competitor to do better why aren't you
using her skills to move you up the
ladder so that you're doing better why
are you underperforming that's the first
question that that comes into my mind
the other thing I'd learn to teach
myself is where my joy came from what
made me joyful
what made my life to a fly and what I
learned was everything in my life that
was joyful came from love whether it was
big love like my love for my wife and my
family or my love for my work which gave
me big joy or little love like my love
of doing puzzles which gives me joy you
know like I've learned that to actually
live into the things I love and live
into the joy of those things and that
starts means that you look at other
people
have things that maybe you don't have
like a billion dollars and you think
would that give me joy it really I don't
love money that much I mean I you know I
like having enough money I want to have
enough money to do the things I want to
do but I'm not in love with money so
they wouldn't give me that much joy that
means that I don't envy people who have
a billion dollars you know I don't envy
people who who do things at a level that
I don't think is very good even if it
wins them popularity because I love
excellence I love writing well I love
doing what I do well and even if it
means that my stuff is a little quirky
and offbeat and not as popular as some
guy who's writing for the bestseller you
know it just doesn't bother me because I
live into the joy so those are my two
recommendations is Hemingway was right
Envy ruins everything it is a it's just
saps your joy so Mike two questions are
you know why are you not doing what you
want to do what how can you solve that
problem and to what really gives you joy
does your athleticism give you joy does
competing give you joy does doing this
stuff to give you joy do those things
and then you won't have to envy anybody
alright we've got to end there it is
time for tickety-boo news come with me
if you want to live come with me if you
want to live because the New York Post
has an article on what six easy ways men
can live longer and the first one is by
staring at boobs that is the headline
staring at boobs is just one of six easy
ways men can live longer and this is
tickety-boo news because it means I'm
gonna be with you forever never die no
the real reason this is tickety-boo news
is because all that that was their
headline you know stare at women's
breasts and you'll live longer than
apparently that you know like I guess so
what would we say a an interest in an
interest in in you know life and sex
keeps you alive I guess that's what it
what it is but but the others it's the
other five that are really interesting
because they led with the stuff that
they knew would get you to to read the
the article right is it what does it say
it says the same effect occurs when men
look at cute animals staring at women's
breasts creates a positive mindset in
men I could have told you that that's
ridiculous you know and then and so
and looking to cute animals also and
after any positive thinking has a good
effect on your health
so the real headline is positive
thinking right they made it as sexy as
they could have lots of sex right but
but that having lots of sex helps you
live longer but getting married also
helps you live longer so I have lots of
sex in your marriage see they tried to
make this as dirty as they possibly
could but really what is telling you is
positive mindset get married have kids
be responsible and you don't have to
worry about having a little extra weight
apparently that you know having a little
extra weight is good for you and keeps
you alive so looking at those things you
know look at looking at women having
lots of sex get married have kids be
responsible
get a little extra weight I'm golden 110
Dennis Miller will be with us tomorrow
is that is that right Dennis Miller a
hilarious comedian who has not been
afraid of expressing his political
leanings toward the right he will be
with us I will be with us I hope you
will be with us I'm Andrew Clavin this
is the Andrew Clavin show
the Andrew Klavan show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover technical producer Austin Stevens
edited by Alex zingaro audio is mixed by
Mike Carmina hair and makeup is by
Jesuit Vera and our animations are by
Cynthia Angulo and Jacob Jackson the
Andrew Clavin show is a daily wire for
word publishing production copyright for
word publishing 2018
you
