okay who started the food fighter shut
up girls first okay this and more
plastic actually no that's not right she
came to my table we have a roast of
someone in the wild
what Pedley should we pick today she
does my homework so we have to leave her
alone
I mean she's suing us and I'm stop
screwing her brother so no the pregnant
one no I think she's past due
hey you come here you're so cut to the
chase
alright just roast me you know she
reminds me of Caitlyn Jenner wait before
before Caitlyn Jenner before but there
before guys before before Bruce Jenner
before so who's the father
I'm not oh you know that doesn't it's a
beauty mark permanent damage it degree
tomorrow mark it's a beauty mark mark
beauty mark beauty mark here mark mark
mark see you from Venezuela but you
burned
as serious wait sisters let's not be
mean to him as a gay man I understand
what you're going through I get it
I'm a man too it's not for everybody
here to stand up to these you're ugly Oh
nobody touch me
actually cast our flu file until someone
says so stop stop stop
you need to use 5% of your brains at
least and realize this is an accident
whoever pushed you is really deeply
what's at me I see kids like you all the
time let me tell you what happened
because it was a nerd yeah that was not
a bully I was trying to help this is
what happened that's my future baby mama
I didn't mean I mean baby you good are
you are make it survive paddle Tata Tata
fuqua you come to do we agree guys right
when did you become French we're gonna
take your sweet ass and dip it into
barbecue sauce you know that yo you good
yeah you look good no I mean are you
gonna do something about this Tonio take
care of this huh this look that will
teach me but for everybody here look at
these peppers you see that just just
make him just go along with that right
here's an apple sorry for the mess right
buddy
and that's what caused the whole problem
and you know where it started with the
nerd Oh hold on and add a detail so you
slipped on a banana well whoever planted
that there is really difficult it was
our group with the banana we're trying
to figure something out we were doing
some equations and trigonometry as your
principal I just will let you know that
if you try a little harder to make
friends and fit in then maybe you won't
fit the trash can anymore and you'll be
cool when you're seniors like me
principal Calvin I would like to make a
request all the other food that you guys
have is covered in germs GameStop what
do you guys do for fun we like to do our
projects in our homework I have come up
with this formula that if you close your
eyes you tap your shoulder three times
you take something you throw it you make
it you missed again you got to get the
wind speed okay right over my head but
have a have a great day
good luck good luck in life
technically it was a guy who threw the
Apple because that cost a whole new to
Newtonian you're all suspended get out
oh my god
wind velocity
