um first question how does it feel
handing a crown down to Princess Leia a
next question had she chosen a prince
yet yes she was chosen her new Prince
and she is very
myself I had to like haven't you seen
snow why than the one that sleeps it's
called taking a nap I'm your prince
charming I don't like his Tommy making
out I don't care
so listen new Fiona call it quits wanna
come over I'm excuse me I just later
drive out to be with you bro i slayed a
dragon the track one matter of fact my
donkey is married to that dragon so fuck
you oh well I you know what just take my
new puss-in-boots
we're taking out right here okay next
question how much she treat Oh singing I
have a question how does she treat her
sisters she's such a bitch
very much I've been dreaming of a true
love's kiss from a prince with the
really big with a really big heart it's
a beautiful day I am so blessed I can't
wait to get home and have some coffee
your ass you wish at the horse your
voice Meo unit your virginity no I lost
something it's actually material where's
your white dress I am wearing my white
dress
oh is it your head dumbass hold on oh oh
no we got a contract so we can I leave
you into it you can marry marry what so
tonight we're gonna practice
now you're gonna win the princess oh oh
you don't learn nothing whatever I'm
done join me with my crown no she she is
ready
Queen your dress God Laila is gonna be
the new queen right
