for knives and best friends for years we
do everything together which probably
explains our both terrible update I
should go
what you're not gonna leave a tip I kind
of met a girl we can go on a double date
now Leon you're seeing someone too
mine's 5 feet 7 inches tall eats chili
lime chips where's the durable red
sneakers plays happening to us a girl
like this is not coming along ever again
what if we joint date hurt I think that
is the worst idea I've ever heard
ladies date both of us we want to be
your boyfriend this thing is kind of
crazy but that's why I love it let's do
this you really believe you had sex with
her things are going to implode right
have you even floated the threesome
question yet Dahlia had an idea this is
Noah upon his sexual Steve but aren't
you guys gonna start like I don't know
fighting we're best friends what I need
to do is be not me you tried to take her
from me but what way are you my friend
bullshit
I think just be yourself I'll try it
with someone you're not
you want her to like you for you don't
you well that sounds like a tour our
ninja sons a simple job just make sure
your swords don't cross
