ladies and farmers today is he non-us
birthday okay and I just have one thing
to say each one of you is gonna have
tasks okay right right Hannah yes so
you're gonna go and you're just gonna
get friends just invite anybody okay
invited friends whatever you know like
Greg yes
I'm sorry do you ever blink no you're
gonna prevent inanna from coming too
early to this party until we're done
canina one simple thing to do get in the
balloons okay and you Oscar Oscar
I thought Oh champagne rocket just get
the cake get the macaroni said I told
you get the honey get the bread chip get
the cops get everything you know our
favorite food okay let's go
hey yeah no I'll be there in like three
hours okay don't worry about oh maybe we
just got here okay bye guys hey are you
my uber yes you don't even have an
oversized ah okay what the fuck is this
what I told you to get macaronis oh I
thought you said pony don't worry about
it and where's the honey I kind of
thought you said bunnies bunny pony
bunny it's a common mistake you know
there's a man born he'll Brandon get him
out of here please think sugar sugar
scary non-stop
can I at least keep the bunny um it's
really hot in here can you just turn on
the AC please no do you have bad dreams
make a left here please have you ever
gone right before green light red light
are you guys for unite Wow
I'm throwing a surprise birthday party
for my friend yeah there's gonna be
everything there's no fun you got some
purses um yeah why wouldn't they yeah a
flat-screen TVs yeah big TV jewelry um
it's on the corner of 5th and orange
it's not what apartment no uh 212 he'll
be doing here said Hollywood forever
Hollywood Forever Cemetery no Hollywood
Boulevard Boulevard why are we at a
cemetery right now
yeah I've got the gifts and I got the
balloons my cell type calm down calm
down it's online and this lady was being
okay okay okay I'm Sophie and I thought
he was like balloons are gone what am I
gonna do
keeping on it away we're not ready yet
got it Go Go yo yo yo yo yo put it over
there when you want to be sufficient
later look yeah we make yourselves at
home guys yeah Hannah who are these
people
those are my friends where did you find
them cuz I haven't seen them the streets
you just put strangers in my home
couldn't me Lele seriously their harm oh
my god I just you guys every year from
everything sick of it every single time
you guys do this and I have the worst
birthday ever
where's the cake honestly Oscar it's
bloody Oh saw not levy Oh
saw are you doing Wingardium Leviosa
