the headlights of rescue vehicles
illuminate a ravine on the Dead Sea
they're searching for school children
swept away in a flash flood on Thursday
the sound of rushing water is drowned
out by helicopters sent from Israel
we're doing everything we can everyone
from the Ministry of Labour the Ministry
of Interior Civil Defence down in the
water and up in the mountain they won't
be leaving the area until we know the
fate of every student every citizen
Jordan has experienced heavy rains this
week
witnesses say the children were visiting
Popular Hot Springs inland from the Dead
Sea when they were swept into a valley
by a flash flood most of the children
were under 14 years old rescuers said
families picnicking at the holiday spot
were among the dead and injured when the
flash floods came to this scientists
swept the students four to five
kilometres from the hot springs to this
valley which leads to the Dead Sea there
were people who ended up in the sea
water and there were people who managed
to reach rocks and Jordans Prime
Minister tweeted this image of a letter
between a man's Victoria College and the
Ministry of Education showing they only
had permission to go to Azraq a two hour
drive east of the Dead Sea the weather
is bad I mean there were many warnings
from the metrological department and in
Jordan and that's why I really don't
understand how the school syndicates and
in such a day
the Dead Sea is the lowest point on
earth and prone to deadly floods in
April 10 teenagers who are hiking in
southern Israel also drowned a few
kilometers from the site a procession of
ambulances pushed through crowds at
southern soon a hospital doctors treated
more than 40 patients each time the
doors opened relative Swart
hopeful it might reveal the fate of
those still missing Charlotte Bellis
al-jazeera
