merchants in Istanbul gather outside
foreign exchange offices urging
customers to get rid of their US Dollars
and buy lira instead for those that to
exchange their currencies there is a
gift free tea and tomatoes with many
Turks fearing they're now under
economics each president reject a fair
John called for a boycott of American
brands to protect the national currency
and he sees a future without relying on
the US we will produce every product we
are importing from abroad with foreign
currency here and we will be the ones
exporting these products we will impose
a boycott on US electronic products if
they have iPhones there is Samsung on
the other side the number of iPhone
users in Turkey has reached 10 million
in the last 10 years which is worth 7
billion dollars that's a sixteen point
five percent stake in the Turkish
smartphone market but Samsung dominates
it with more than 52 percent the
government's urging industry not to use
US products and is urging consumers to
the same they provide some excitement
yes they sound very exciting but I do
not think that it would have any
material impact on on imports from us
the Turkish government has received
messages of support from EU leaders who
say turkeys stability is very important
for them turkeys private sector relies
heavily on European lenders support also
comes from Turkey's regional partners in
Syria Russia and Iran who are also
suffering from US sanctions overuse of
the US dollar as a world reserve
currency will lead to its own
deterioration many other countries will
choose to switch from trading in dollars
to the national currencies turkey
imports energy from both Russia and Iran
and that cost constitutes almost half of
its trade deficit that's why economists
warn trading in national currencies with
these countries is not feasible
experts say market dynamics should be
the priority what we need to do is that
ok to say ok we are slowing down the
economy and we are even ready to get
into a very
session in a very small period of time
and we first of all hike rates and we
solve problems with D with the US but
president our John is adamant raising
interest rates is not the answer that he
says would only make the rich richer and
the poor poorer
sinem kosoul of al jazeera istanbul
