slowly picking through the rubble to
recover what's left of their lives
the Marikina River burst its banks at
the weekend leaving behind huge mounds
of garbage and sludge disaster
management officials said there in just
eight hours the River rose from 16 to 21
meters
just shy of the record of 23 meters nine
years ago when 700 people were killed
this car mechanic is trying to rescue
his tools all our belongings were washed
away including the supplies in my shop
everything is destroyed now all that is
left are good-for-nothing
just scrap metal and here we are trying
to clean them up his case is typical of
the region's poorest to a living
day-to-day before the floods and now
struggle even more officials are asking
the international community for help
they want to strengthen and build up
their flood control infrastructure we
are creeping river walls and we are now
improving our damage networks and as the
typhoon season continues Marikina City
and other low-lying parts of the
Philippines are bracing for more
flooding
Imran Khan deserve
