protests by pro-beijing supporters
outside Hong Kong's foreign
correspondents pub their anger aimed at
the man speaking inside Andy Chan leads
a small political party advocating
independence from China leading to
accusations that he's threatening
national security due to the nature of
how the Chinese propaganda machine works
the National Party was instantly
demonized as some sort of extremist
group due to this single word
independence in reality what the
National Party is chasing out is no
different from what many Hong Kong has
wish for the team of democracy although
he says he's not guilty of any crime the
police have recommended his party be
banned if that happens he says it sets a
precedent for stifling all debate about
independence but there's a very
dangerous idea because staking accused a
few people in the restaurant they
discuss about independence they say you
have the potential to form a party and
you have the potential to effect on
their national security so we are going
to arrest you right now to take
preventive measures chan is from a new
generation of activists which has grown
out of the so called umbrella movement
four years ago that occupied the streets
of Hong Kong demanding greater autonomy
Hong Kong's then leader CY Leung with
the target for their anger and his
attacks on the foreign correspondents
club along with other pro-beijing
figures for allowing Chan's lunchtime
appearance has stirred up the protests
you asked me if the FCC should leave
Hong Kong of course maybe even arrest
them with Chinese we love our country
why are you separating us from China
it's led to fears of this issue being
used in a wider attack on press freedom
they seem to be signaling the people who
have the air of Beijing but they really
would like Hong Kong to be much more
like the Chinese mainland where there
are controls and what journalists can do
what journalists can say and indeed
where they can operate for Beijing and
its supporters the word independence has
become a red line that shouldn't be
crossed the fear for pro-democracy
groups here is that a future law may
officially ban even mention of it and so
rolling back ever further the freedoms
enjoyed by Hong Kong people Rob McBride
al Jazeera Hong Kong
