but let's continue this the discussion
about the effect of the declining lira
the South African markets have been
really taking a hit from this let's
bring in Ali Khan Sachi is a financial
analyst and CEO of rich management a
financial and political advisory firm he
joins us via Skype from Nairobi we
appreciate your time so much so why
specifically is what's happening in
Turkey specifically affecting an
emerging markets in a way in the way
that it is so you know the proximate
cause to this emerging market weakness
and contagion has been Turkey but you
know we got to take a step back what
we're seeing is the reduction of dollars
being supplied into the system the end
of quantitative easing when the markets
the global markets were flooded with
cheap and free dollars everybody got
terribly excited particularly across
emerging and frontier markets and we've
seen a whiplash of a turn here the
dollar has been weaponized whether it's
deliberate or by design it's not clear
to me but it's become a very very
powerful financial instrument coercive
financial instrument in the hands of
President Trump and essentially the
reprice in Turkey has spilled over into
other markets as you said the rand fell
more than 10 percent yesterday that's an
extraordinary eye popping drop
unprecedented in the last decade and
essentially we're seeing this sort of
spillover contagion effect yet the
Indian rupee hit the South African Rand
and other markets and unfortunately I
think our God is an extreme example of a
policymaker who's totally deluded he has
no options left each time he speaks
essentially this market is a sell unless
he puts up interest rates do you think
he's making it worse he's making it much
worse I mean it's just extraordinary
this is part of the problem when people
drink the kool-aid they kind of believe
that they can somehow you know pinky
nude style fight the mark
you can't fight the markets mrs.
Thatcher said in 1998 many people have
said it and essentially it's a losing
battle he's going to have to cease gonna
have to raise interest rates by now it
might mean 500 basis points so we could
go he's gonna have to raise it by 750 to
bring the situation under control I'm
afraid how much worse can it get could
this become Venezuela how much worse
could it get look I mean we're looking
at a precipice right now I mean I know
we've had a pretty strong 40-something
percent which is just extraordinary but
if he refuses to raise interest rates
the only thing that can give is the
Turkish lira and people are now
beginning to price him if I'm our
republic wheelbarrow type scenario where
the currency utterly collapses inflation
takes off and Turks will be wandering
around with wheelbarrows of lira trying
to buy a loaf of bread I'm interested in
something that you said if I could go
back he said that the dollar is being
weaponized that's a really powerful word
and you were clear to say that you
didn't necessarily know what what the
intentions were but now that it's very
possible that a lot of this is related
to the way the dollar has been treated
is that incumbent upon the u.s. to try
to reverse some of this financial
warfare strategies which are proven so
optimal I think you know the whole thing
about manga is bringing everyone down to
size and the dollar is basically
kneecapping countries and aired again is
the first feather to lose his kneecaps
they're going to be others that they
could if they pursue the policy that
heard again is seeking to pursue
certainly let me be clear the Trump is
wielding something much more powerful
than a nuclear weapon now he's reducing
the supply of dollars into the financial
market everybody has gotten canister all
over borrow they've been living high on
cheap dollars but this is the end of
cheap dollars and it
they take to address the situation the
worse the situation becomes I suppose
the one big thing that is in our favor
is this whole concept of populism very
popular leaders they've stuck themselves
on a pedestal now the corporate effect
is very simple everyone can point at
them whether it's president again
whether it's rouhani Khamenei or whether
it's Maduro they are all under there
under a remote-controlled drone attack
just like Maduro was except the drone is
the US dollar okay we will leave it at
that
Ali Khan sought you thank you very much
for joining us we appreciate it
