be wise and and you're sitting warms the
voice from Egypt's Ministry of Interior
everyone wants to avoid any bloodshed
but by now hundreds of people had
already been killed by the country's
security forces as they moved in to end
the last of the major protests by
supporters of President Mohammed Morsi
he'd been deposed in a military coup for
47 days they'd occupied a square outside
raba I'll add a we're mosque kill us
just two killers just the killers our
president is Morsi that were calling for
legitimacy this is our point of view
that's why they are killing us most of
the protesters had little to defend
themselves with the security forces said
that some of them were armed yes
everyone in the square including
journalists covering the protests came
under a hail of apparently
indiscriminate gunfire this was a team
from al-jazeera five years later more
than 700 people arrested at raba a
standing trial together the cases of 75
of them have been referred to Egypt's
top religious authority to decide
whether they should be sentenced to
death
among those on trial is photojournalist
Mahmoud Abbas aide known as Shou cam he
was arrested for taking pictures of the
security forces as they broke up the
protest corniche a lie and he God
willing the trial is fair with no
injustice he's a man who's been wronged
at the end of the day journalism isn't
an insult or a crime more than a
thousand people were likely killed on
August 14 2013
that's according to Human Rights Watch
no one from the Egyptian security forces
has ever been charged with any offences
relating to the raba massacre Burnett
Smith al-jazeera
