thousands attended the Finn Rose a
convoy of vehicles ferried the bodies
from the mob sneaking through the
streets of Sadr City
a healthy stronghold the coffins draped
in green who are laid out at a square in
the city portraits of the victims lined
up on the ground ahead of a special
prayer for the dead Ramona's shout
slogans against Saudi Arabia and who
they say is its biggest ally an armed
supplier the United States these people
have come from various parts of the
country to give a proper send-off to
those who died in the latest sodium
arathi coalition a strike security was
tight at the ceremony which was attended
by several high-ranking healthy
officials the funerals was supposed to
take place on Saturday or postponed due
to security fears the children were
returning from a school summer camp but
when their bus stopped at the busy
market it was targeted by airstrikes
UNICEF has called the carnage the single
biggest attack on children since the war
in Yemen escalated in 2015 images of the
children covered in blood and reeling
from shock have provoked international
condemnation we request all parties to
the conflict to end the attacks against
civilians against children in particular
against infrastructure and we plea for
them to enter into a cessation of
hostilities to put an end to this war
the Tsurugi Emirati coalition initially
denied aiming at civilians and defended
the incident as a legitimate military
operation a responsive site to a
ballistic missile fired into Saudi
Arabia the previous day but hours later
the Coalition promised to investigate I
didn't think it will be accepted that
the side that has committed this crime
is allowed to investigate it because we
know the result already the saudi-led
coalition has investigated and many
crimes like the great funeral hall and
other strikes they did and there is no
result has come from this
investigation the United Nations
Security Council has called for credible
and transparent investigation into the
attack the war in Yemen has left at
least 10,000 people dead and led to what
the UN describes as the world's worst
humanitarian crisis the UN special envoy
to Yemen Martin Griffis has invited
parties in the conflict to talks in
Geneva from the 6th of September but
efforts to get a ceasefire deal before
them have so far failed Mohammed Al
Jazeera Djibouti
