the Taliban has turned the ancient city
of Ghazni into an urban battlefield the
assault is now on its fourth day with
270,000 residents locked inside their
homes casualties of the offensive litter
the streets those that reach the
hospital find it overwhelmed space and
medicine rationed between soldiers and
civilians there are so many trauma cases
and too little capacity which into order
international humanitarian partners and
the UN will try to bring in trauma kits
essential drugs and medical supplies as
soon as possible Ghazni became the front
line of the war between the Taliban and
the Afghan military on Friday morning
the Taliban launched rockets at the
police headquarters then took
checkpoints while publishing tweets and
videos declaring victory afghan special
forces responded with US air support but
the Taliban bunkered down in residents
homes of here war has followed the
government has defiant Ghazni is under
their control
194 Taliban fighters including Pakistani
and foreign fighters were killed
I hope the Taliban responsible for what
has happened in the city all the
destruction and torching of buildings
with phone lines cut only residents who
have escaped can reveal the reality
Ghazni fate is undecided they were
burning buildings and there were dead
bodies everywhere in Ghazni city the
fight was ongoing the situation was very
bad and all the shops were closed
the Taliban badly warned Ghazni they
briefly held parts of the western city
of Farah in May in Kunduz 2 years ago
but neither are as significant as this
Ghazni is a large provincial capital
just 150 kilometers from Kabul it lies
on the motorway that connects Kabul with
southern Afghanistan
if Ghazni Falls Kabul is cut off the
government is trying to keep the road
open despite frequent Taliban ambushes
we have launched checkpoints for the
safety of our people using the highway
we are here to serve them day or night
Afghans are watching Ghazni nervously
they want guarantees of safety
demonstrators gathered outside the
Ministry of Defence headquarters in
Kabul questioning what security their
tax dollars provide with upcoming
elections president Ghani is looking to
calm concerns on Sunday he had an
emergency meeting with military and
police chiefs and tweeted he would send
reinforcements the Red Cross is sending
reinforcements to dropping 40 body bags
bandages and medicine at the main
hospital Charlotte Bellis al-jazeera
