the Syrian government says it is going
to retake it Libyan army helicopters
dropped leaflets telling rebels and
civilians and the opposition controlled
northwestern province that it is better
to join reconciliation agreements as
others in Syria have done rebels have
agreed to such deals when on the verge
of military defeat so far those in it
lips say they're not ready to surrender
instead they arrested dozens of people
they accuse of promoting a return to
state rule on security tracked down
people who are promoting reconciliation
with the regime and they're trying to
help the regime into some areas so we
arrested them they're waging
psychological warfare is a weaken the
morale of the fighters and people
they're collaborating with the regime
like in previous assaults the Syrian
government backs up calls for
reconciliation with military action
state media showed reinforcements being
brought to the consecrates of Idlib
months of calm were temporarily
shattered in recent days dozens of
civilians were killed in airstrikes that
targeted towns and villages on the
fringes of the province but despite this
many believe a wide-scale
assault is not looming the regime wants
to control whole Syria not just it but
the Turks will play a role in it live
the province is under Turkish protection
and Turkey reach an agreement with
Russia it will force high attack
leadership to disband or join the rebel
Brigade high staff leadership the group
formerly known as el nusra and
al-qaeda's Syria affiliate harass Adeem
have not shown any intention to disband
turkey was under pressure from its
political allies Russia and Iran to
eliminate them possibly using Syrian
rebels the pressure may now ease turkey
had warned Russia and Iran that a
government offensive and adlib would
threaten their political alliance the
three countries the main stakeholders in
the Syrian conflict have been
cooperating through the so-called
Astana process their partnership has
recently taken a whole new meaning the
United States has declared economic war
against them
cooperation between these main players
could stave off a battle that could
affect the
lives of millions in it lib limited
military operations however are expected
around the edges of the province the
government wants to secure main highways
and prevent Italy from being used to
attack its strongholds sena father al
jazeera Beirut
