I am for me okay you're in the stream
today we examine a growing sexual abuse
scandal within the Catholic Church in
Chile
we'll ask whether the church is doing
enough to ensure survivors get justice
and how it can prevent future cases of
mistreatment join the conversation via
Twitter and our YouTube chat the
Catholic Church in Chile is mired in a
sexual abuse scandal that is now under
the lens of special prosecutors just a
few hours ago authorities raided the
headquarters of the Chilean Bishops
Conference it's part of an investigation
into at least 38 cases of abuse
allegedly committed by Catholic clergy
and lay members survivors say the church
sought to actively cover-up the reports
and in some cases simply moved alleged
offenders to different diocese activists
within the lay community have responded
angrily to the church his handling of
the allegations in one case protesters
stormed Santiago Cathedral to demand the
resignation of Archbishop Ricardo exacty
he is under investigation for allegedly
covering up reports of abuse and is due
to testify in court next week
earlier this month Chilean Bishops
pleaded for forgiveness for their
handling of the abuse allegations and
the president of the Bishops Conference
pledged to cooperate with investigators
have a look we would like to humbly
recognize that we have failed in our
duties as priests for not listening
believing tending to and supporting the
victims of these grave sins and in
justices committed by priests and other
religious authorities but beyond
apologies how can the church reform
itself to combat sexual abuse by the
clergy for more on this were joined from
Santiago Chile by Jose Andres Maria he
is director of para la confianza that's
foundation for trust the group provides
help and support to survivors of sexual
abuse from Dublin we have Marie Collins
she is chief executive of the Mari
Collins foundation which works to
support children who have suffered
sexual abuse online she's also a former
men
of the Pontifical Commission for the
protection of - Augustine Madera is a
Jesuit priests and he joins us from
Santiago also in the Chilean capital we
have Sandra Adonis she is a professor of
theology at the Catholic University of
Chile hello everybody
Marie when people look at this story
then they may well be thinking another
scandal in the Catholic Church this time
in Chile what's different about this
well Marie the difference about this one
I think is that because the Pope himself
after a visit to the country made some
very derogatory and scathing remarks
about the victims in Chile and then had
to apologize and admit he had made a
mistake it really brought the attention
of the world on to Chile what has
happened is in Chile is horrific but my
belief is that we have the same thing in
so many other countries if we look at
what is happening in Chile victims
cover-up abusers being protected it's a
pattern that repeats and repeats and
repeats and the apologies repeat and
repeat listening to the apology there in
Chile reminded me of apologies I heard
here in Ireland 20 years ago and we
heard them in America we heard them in
Australia we've heard them in country
after country but the situation in Chile
is really an example of what is
happening in so many countries but it is
such a clear example and I think the
fact that the police are going in that
you know the local authorities are
taking action that has to happen more
because if the church are not going to
deal properly with this abuse of
vulnerable adults and children then the
state whatever state it may be has to
step in and do it because it's come to
the point now where we can't trust the
church to do it see mari has she been
talking I've been seeing Sandra nodding
Sandra what's behind that nod why
I think that the question on how the
institutional structure is working is
there is the biggest point that is
behind I mean there is a kind of
relationships that there are a
symmetrical ones that being making this
crisis be here and are creating this
environment for the abuser to to
increase I mean it's a kind of
relationships that are being in crisis
right at this moment in my opinion so
that the fact that the Pope is being
taken this Chilean case in his own hands
has to do with two things on the one
hand that the Chilean church and the
Chilean authorities were unable simply
unable to to take the issue and to solve
the problem and to really care about
what what was going on and on the other
hand it's it's it's telling us about how
centralized the church the Catholic
Church worldwide is being a right at
this moment if the Pope doesn't care
about what is happening in all the local
churches the problem maybe will never be
in Seoul how they imagine what you think
at this point in the conversation
because we got this tweet from someone
named Monica she says or cirno is a
small and quiet Chilean city where
Bishop Burroughs was appointed despite
accusations of him covering up sexual
abuse there were big protests and she
says the Pope called or sir no
inhabitants fools
though that it's not an exact quote she
says it was sad though to see how the
Pope allowed to deeply divided the city
where
I grew up Jose can you relate to what
she's saying here yeah but I involved in
the case I am part of the group who
accused the priest named father Kelly
Karima very powerful a very powerful
priest in Chile who was was protected by
by different authorities and especially
he was protected by the Catholic Church
in hierarchy and we started a struggle
against not only against a father who
abused a big group of teenagers but
especially we accused the church of
cover cover up this case and when when
we started this when we started this
this fight against a culture of abuse
and cover-up in the church M the Pope
came to Chile and and the the and the
Pope told us it was it was a very a very
heavy
maybe heavy words against us against us
China's that we were liars about this
case and the case of covering up and
protecting for the color Rima from part
of one another important Bishop called
burrows who was Bishop in in the city of
osorno where this person is telling that
the Pope divided them you know so not
telling them that they were left-wing
and fully silly people now and a after
after those words the the Pope I don't
know the Pope yes the Pope realized that
he he was committing a missed a very big
mistake and he invited us to talk to him
and to hear
not not only to to give to ask us for
forgiveness but to hear from our part
some suggestions now and we spent one
week in in their house with him talking
about some recommendations I'm talking
about this culture of abuse sexual abuse
and especially this I know that I don't
know if it is the first time but but but
we we tried to highlight the the concept
of cover up cover up is as serious and
as harm harm harm harmfulness us the the
the abuse itself alright how they might
come back to Inge in just a moment
because I want to bringing the father
into the conversation father you're in
Santiago and I'm I want to show our
viewers this scene from Santiago in July
when protesters took over the cathedral
I want you to actually look at this
video have a look right now as a team
must resign we must redeem many sins and
he is a high official the church's
consecrated staff have much more
responsibility before God but also
before the people of Chile and before
the crimes that have been committed with
the children well I'm just wondering
what it's like to be a Catholic priest a
Jesuit priest in Chile right now what is
the mood like one of the deepest crisis
in the Chilean history of our church and
it's not easy to be a priest today and
many of us feel deep sorrow and deep
pain especially for what the victims
have suffered I feel people like
Cassandra's Maria Hamilton and Cruz a
few they had been made many of us many
priests few they had been real heroes
because they had gone through a great
struggle to to be heard and to to be
believed and one of the greatest sins we
have as a church especially our bishops
is that they were not able to listen to
hear them and it was a press which
listened to them and made this possible
that the truth came out so I think they
have done us a great a great
contribution and and we feel very I feel
very ashamed of what as a church what we
have done and and I think we're going
through this deep crisis which after a
very prestigious church during the
dictatorship we had in the 70s in 1973
to 1989
we had a dictatorship in which the
church had a great and fearless struggle
trying to to defend the human rights and
that prestige has gone down very fast
because it hasn't been able to to keep
up I pick up some on something you said
you spoke about the the sin of the
church leadership the bishops not being
able to deal with the situation but
surely that's not really reflective of
what was happening it wasn't that they
were not able to do it it's what they
weren't willing to do it and this is
what's happening around the world that
there are bishops church leaders who are
not willing to deal with abusers in the
proper way and by protecting an abuser
you facilitate their further abuse
because they can continue abusing if you
don't stop them
and what is it in the code like to ask
you a question what it is in the culture
of the church the structure of the
church that causes these men in these
hierarchical positions to to be able to
do this when it's it's obvious to
everybody that what is happening is a
crime and it's a crime that they're
colluding with it's not that they're
sinning they are actually cluding with
the crime and there's there's a whole
difference there between not being able
to do something and not being willing to
do it I I would like to say something I
mean in my life and in the in this way a
little complicated I have been I mean I
have I have been I knew some priest a
very empathic and very engaged priest
and I think there is a kind of struggle
within the church and there's a culture
of abuse and of a cover-up in in the
church and and I think people I know I
was teen and not that much but but i but
I have my god finish that you are very
engaged with this and what we say from
from from from outside the church why
you are not taking the control of the
church you the good people the good
priest why you are not taking the
control and why you're not taking away
the the bad bishops and the bad priests
who are abusing and kagura policy Jose
Maria you asked two amazing questions
father I'm going to give you a chance to
actually respond to both of those go
ahead well first of all I read the the
Australian report on on abuse the Royal
Commission and what I see what happened
in Australia is similar as what has
happened in Chile and other countries it
has taken
very very long and suffering time to
realize that a child abuse it's not a
sin it's a crime it's taking a very long
time in another side also it's important
to realize that the bishops we actually
have our bishops that were elected by
Rome and with that many of them with a
profile with a very homogeneous profile
or very conservative people are very
strict with a very strict on liturgy and
moral and sexual moral but no not real
pastoral leaders so I think there is a
responsibility in the election of these
bishops in which a lot of lay people
have not been listened many communities
have not been listened and the election
of people that are a few many of them
didn't have the abilities for the
leadership of a parish and many of the
incurred in abuse of power I let you up
something is it possible I agree with
with Augustine's views and I will also
like to point out that when it comes to
the education the theological and
pastoral education for the future
ministers there is a huge like lagoon on
what is related with the power the the
power in the church and the way they are
going to deal with with women with a
child's with etc no so and in this way I
think that the very state need of making
a kind of professional ethics of the
leadership in the church Sandra you know
of them because they are not only
Bishop's mm-hmm first I mean we are
talking about the priests I mean in
general the ministers the leadership and
I I agree I agree with you and and I and
I asked the Pope personally to - I know
it changed or to ask or to question to
question their way to understand the
power the way to understand the women
the role of the women in in the church
because I think that that the sexual
abuse child sexual abuse in the Catholic
Church is abuse of power and you cannot
understand the sexual abuse without
unstrained to understand they use the
pathology the pathological a use of
power in the church right Jose I want to
jump in here because I mean I know
you're right in that and I think our
community agrees with you and it's
something that that idea really is is
permeating beyond just chilling I want
to bring in here I want to bring in our
online community because they're
watching this they want to be part of
this conversation as well so this is a
hashtag that was brought to our
attention this is church - and this
really just goes to show that this is
beyond chilly as I mentioned this is a
global conversation this hashtag in
particular is gaining traction after
eight Mother Jones reporter here in the
u.s. opened up about sexual abuse that
she faced within an evangelical church
and more people are then sharing their
stories but there are members of our
community as well who say within the
last two weeks
this is bubbled up in lots of places
around the world have a listen to Tim
Lennon recently we've seen in Chile were
the civil society the police has raided
church offices we've seen that also in
Saginaw Michigan we also are seeing in
the state of Pennsylvania the report of
the grand jury which examined six
diocese which showed 300 predator
priests and systematic and historic
cover-up by church authorities in
Pennsylvania we find we can't rely on
the church that we need civil society to
examine that children need to be
protected and church officials are more
interested in their reputations and
protecting children so Mari Tim here is
the president of an organization called
Survivors Network of those Abused by
priests and he's also a survivor of
clergy sexual abuse himself but what I
want you to pick up on is he says we
can't rely on the church anymore we have
to rely on civil society and you were a
former member of a papal a group looking
into this and you're not anymore
what do you make of his comment oh and
and I would like to mention here that I
am a survivor also and and that's the
reason that I got involved in this whole
issue in the first place because in my
own case my abuser was being protected
by the diocese and we no longer can
trust because the church has shown it
has had nearly three decades now since
this issue first came to the fore in
countries came here in the in Ireland in
the 90s 1990s in American the early
2000s we've had report after report
showing all saying the same thing
concluding the same thing that and the
church protected its reputation before
it protected children and it's had the
chance to change that and do something
about it I was three years on the
Pontifical Commission for the protection
of minors which was there to advise Pope
Francis on what he could do to change
things and to protect children better
look after survivors and we recommended
an accountability tribunal which would
bring bishops to book those bishops it
did not protect children who covered up
for abusers that if they would be
brought before this Tribunal and
properly disciplined and sanctioned for
their behavior and their crimes and the
Pope Francis approved that but when it
went to the Congregation for the
Doctrine of the Faith which is like his
civil service they were asked to then
implement this put this into operation
they refused and we produce guidelines a
policy document which was to be global
every church in the world was to follow
it to protect
children better and they didn't
implement that either Somalian sorry let
me ask you this then because this is
interesting what's happening in Chile
which is civil law is taking place right
now so we have a very well-known
prosecutor in Milano arias who's
investigating these cover-ups of sexual
abuse by the Catholic Church in Chile
this is what he says as he's been doing
his investigation have a look well I
can't concretely refer to a specific
thing or document or seizure but we
found evidence of the destruction of
documents and that aside from being
circumstantial evidence of a cover-up
itself that's also a crime that could be
a crime of concealment or of destruction
of information for Muslim father could
list now me exactly I and I hear that
and we see this on the news every day
there's a headline right now about the
Catholic Church in abuse cases that is
not in Chile not about Chile but farther
the idea of Catholic priests either
covering up or being accused and found
guilty of abuse then go into prison is
that a possibility that's that civil law
not canon law are you comfortable with
that of course it's a possibility and
there are there have been some priests
that have gone have gone to jail that
are actually in jail and and I think
also that the bishops in the the latest
reunion they had they agreed to to to to
favor the civil law in this procedures
Mary I would like to ask you something
since you're aware I mean since you're a
former well but 70 we have less than one
minute left to make this quick very fast
yeah
first of your hand because the question
is that it is clear that the credibility
of the church is down and I think in my
opinion and what is the question Sandra
boys were going to be at the end of the
show if the question the question is
that a commission of truth that without
onami of the Catholic Church will work
to - in
network it will only work if those at
the top caracal ism is killing the
church and if those at the top will only
agree that this is an issue they must
deal with that they cannot rely on power
prestige and position anymore
they have to behave as thank you Mary
thank you Thank You Jose
thank you Father we really appreciate
you being part of this program today we
continue always online at AJ stream on
Twitter take everybody
you
