we begin with a question on the rise of
far-right anti-immigration movements in
countries like Great Britain do such
movements and the support that they
attract drive media coverage or is it
the other way around do the news media
through excessive coverage help
manufacture that support take Tommy
Robinson who calls himself a warrior for
freedom of speech on issues such as
migration when he rails against the
supposedly creeping influence of
political Islam in UK society that
resonates with audiences but what came
first his newfound popularity or the
coverage of him a recent academic study
suggests that right-wing
anti-immigration political parties such
as the UK Independence Party you Kipp
know more of their success to the news
media than they would care to admit that
news outlets do far more than just
reflect current events this is a story
about British politics but the issue at
the core of it the relationship between
the far-right and the news media is a
dynamic at play in many countries around
the globe our starting point this week
is London when it comes to figures like
Tommy Robinson's past Jim isn't just
when to cover him the larger question is
why when you scroll back to the
beginning when Robinson had no tangible
following did the British media cover
him and provide him with the platform in
the first place
the intuitive idea that I think a lot of
people have in their minds many
journalists included is that if you see
some sort of idea or actor that you find
troubling let's say with respect to the
public interest you want to go and
report on that you want to say look this
might be a problem the counterintuitive
model which is I think the one that
actually holds in reality is that it
actually ends up being a feeding frenzy
not to say nothing to you that boosts
these figures further and further into
public support this is what right-wing
extremism in the UK looks like 14 months
ago a man plowed his van into a crowd
near a mosque in London there were nine
casualties and one fatality at the trial
the court was told that the driver
Darren Osborne wanted to kill Muslims
was a follower of Tommy Robinson and had
been in email contact with him just days
before the attack
British broadcasters saw nothing wrong
with interviewing Robinson
giving him airtime the day after the
attack and again once the trial
concluded
Tommy Robinson has repeatedly being
bailed out by the media Darren was born
mode a bunch of pedestrian Stan for no
other reason than that he assumed they
were Muslims he did so inspired by Tony
Robinson's ideology I would start with
buying all Muslim I would temporarily
halt Muslim immigration into this
country was very day after the murder
they put him on good morning Britain the
day after Darren Osborne goes to jail
they bring Tommy Roberts not BBC
Newsnight
and give him the chance to represent
himself as a martyr we had free
terrorist attacks in quick succession
and rather than talk about them as a
radicalizing factor for why this man we
why this man react you want to put it on
the fact that I'd report the truth every
single time the media has given him a
platform and mid a politician out of
somebody who was essentially a far-right
football hooligan one of the most
dangerous games that the the political
and political liberals and the left have
played over recent years has been to
call for the banning of views they don't
like because underlying all of this is
the contemptuous underestimation
of our fellow citizens who we assume are
going to be easily Jeep easily turn into
racist easily influenced I think that's
a very dangerous contemptuous way of
treating our fellow citizens lots of
people talk about media coverage
anecdotally impressionistic Lee but
relatively few quantify it and analyze
it an academic study published last week
in the British Journal of political
science examined more than a decade's
worth of coverage by British newspapers
of UK the UK Independence Party an
anti-immigration party which fought for
Britain's departure from the European
Union the authors looked at the chicken
and egg question of what came first was
that UKIP's rise in popularity followed
by increased coverage or did the press
coverage of the party precede its
surgeon support and have a causal effect
we found that media coverage is a
predictor of public support in future
periods but we did not find any evidence
that public support is a predictor of
media coverage so there appears to be a
unique causal effect between media
coverage of these far-right wing
populist parties and their rise in
electoral significance I don't think
that the media should be in the business
of making moral decisions about what
kind of voices are heard on the media I
don't think the media is to blame for
the rise of Thomas Robinson
Tommy Robinson has opinions which should
be heard argued over and discussed and
that's not the same as saying that you
endorsed those opinions
depriving him of mainstream media
coverage just means that he gains a
certain mystique as though his ideas are
so frightening that you have to keep
them out of the mainstream the British
media have been creating a space for
whatever reason for the far right well
in advance of any ostensible support for
them and to justify it by saying ah but
if we put them on television we'll
expose them and what turns out to be the
case is the journalists know very little
about the history of the far-right about
the history of the individuals they are
arguing with about their politics or
even about how to engage with or
challenge their most offensive claims in
the end they end up being played by the
far-right one of the broadcaster's that
interviewed Tommy Robinson over the
Darren Osbourne case last year and has
since given airtime to his supporters is
the BBC this is how it explained its
decision to provide them with a black
man there will be some politicians
public figures or views featured in our
news coverage that some of our audience
will find unpalatable we wouldn't
however censor a political viewpoint as
we have a duty to create a platform
whereas wider range of voices as
possible can be heard we aim to analyse
and scrutinize the facts so our audience
can make up their own minds
BBC wasn't the only British media outlet
we approached with questions we also
wrote to ITV and a radio station LBC
neither chose to comment they've let
their work speak for itself
generally journalists are relatively
inhospitable to extreme fringe far
right-wing populist viewpoints but once
those actors do force themselves onto
the agenda then there's a feeding frenzy
that occurs so that's how I think media
and journalists specifically can produce
a reality that they actually don't
really want to see
with the governing Conservatives divided
over breakfast the opposition Labour
Party split over the same issue and the
mostly pro brexit tabloid press still
pushing its agenda British politics is
already in a messy state and when the
broadcast media even with the best of
journalistic intentions put the likes of
Tommy Robinson on their air so that they
can grill him they find they cannot do
so without giving him the exposure he
craves they say the road to hell is
paved with good intentions
that is where Britain seems to find
itself today and the news media aren't
just reporting the story many times they
have a hand in driving it
