this is the holiday I come for
internally displaced people in Iraq's
Anbar province at the height of the
military operations against ISIL in 2015
it was home to 7,000 people government
officials have come to see it closed
Swamy on the last 150 or so families
that had remained here have finally
returned home we've closed it as part of
a government program to resettle all IDP
camps
it's a program criticized by aid workers
who say it's happening too quickly and
it's still too dangerous
more than 3 million people had returned
to their homes by the middle of this
year but more than two and a half
million others are still displaced
according to the International
Organization for Migration Mohammed
Jassim was one of those brave enough to
go back home but his family house was
destroyed in the war so Mohammad is
living in a tent some of his relatives
are here to help him our situation is
desperate
there's nothing to salvage from our home
it's not a home anymore actually we urge
the government to pay us the
compensation it promised others
complained they have to live with the
threats from booby traps unexploded
bombs and other devices and the health
risks posed by the decomposed bodies
that lie on the land where their houses
once stood for a whole day earthmoving
machines have been excavating the rubble
in my compound and recover dozens of
bodies they were at least five to six
bodies in each of several shallow holes
we found here
the devastation poverty and lack of
services in areas recaptured from ISIL
have forced many to choose to stay in
the comes for others it isn't
economically viable to leave some have
been able to set up barber shops or
fruit stands at makeshift markets making
about $50 a month unable to put up with
the lack of basic services when they
have returned home many have been forced
to go back to comes that are still open
for them the fallen and desperate search
for sanctuary
continues Mohammed Al Jazeera that
