from under a collapsed building some
made it out alive
the younger ones had to be carried out
by volunteers
the familiar exercise for Syrian
rescuers a powerful explosion brought
down this building in the town of Tsar
mother in northwestern Syria but this
time it wasn't an attack by the Assad
government or its allies of Tehran
looking bad at first we thought it was
an air strike but shortly afterwards we
realized it was an explosion inside a
warehouse
civil defense teams arrived on the scene
and began working to free survivors they
were able to rescue seven civilians who
were still alive some of whom were badly
injured and they also took out about
five dead bodies according to residents
there were more than 50 people living in
these buildings so we believe they are
between 35 to 40 trapped under the
rubble
activists say it was a weapons depot
which exploded it's not clear what
caused the blast it lip is the last
remaining rebel stronghold and fighters
have been preparing for an offensive by
the Assad government the promised
borders Turkey and it's a major trade
route from the north regime forces have
warned of a final campaign and called on
people to leave the area according to
state media the Syrian army has launched
a series of attacks on what it calls
terrorist positions in Italy province
local media has reported a troop buildup
from multiple directions towards ad-lib
videos uploaded online appear to show
columns of soldiers sheer militia and
military hardware heading towards the
rebel-held province last month bashar
al-assad said the retaking of it lip was
among the priorities for the Syrian
militaries operations other areas face
siege and bomb tactics by the Syrian
forces and the Russian and Iranian
allies Italy was home to two million
people including those forced to leave
their homes from other rebel-held paths
aid workers a warning of another
humanitarian disaster when fighting
breaks out summer in Java aid how does
air
