a light turns red in Mexico City and
something extraordinary happens this is
the idea of our den tear a ballet
company working with the Mexico City
government to take dance to the masses
in this traffic choke City that means
here okay it's a mess at this back Sione
it's a satisfaction for every ballerina
to dance on this stage to reach all
kinds of different people and see their
reactions much closer than just from an
assigned seat watching you from every
side motorists and pedestrians who catch
the performance or a little in all it
makes you think oh I've never seen
something like that here that belongs in
the theater and to see it in the street
you just say wow it reminds us what we
really are because sometimes the daily
routine can make us mechanical this
brings us back to ourselves they've
adapted classics like Swan Lake and the
Nutcracker to fit exactly in the 58
seconds between lights
they've made other adjustments to
special non-slip shoes and changes in
routine for Less jumps on the hard road
on cold days like this one they have to
warm up for an hour and a half before
performing the sacrifices are worth it
they say to try and reach a new audience
that's what the company's trying to do
here to give a little taste to change
that perception and leave people
searching for more and don't says yo
creo que le Mele little it's basically a
francillon thing I think invading the
space of those in transit
is a little like saying hey we're part
of your society and we'd like you to
come and see us we're invading your
space why don't you come to us why don't
you take a chance and watch a
performance in its entirety after about
25 Lightning performances in one hour
it's all over until they pop up at
another traffic light somewhere else in
the capital John Holman al Jazeera
Mexico City
