a year after the eyes of the world
focused on Charlottesville they're still
anger many of those who took to the
streets are upset about the massive
security operation that's virtually
locked the city down others are keen to
send a message of peace and
reconciliation we're called to love
we're not called the hate there's
nowhere in my scriptures where we're
called to hate people so what I'm doing
here it's starkly different from what
happened 12 months ago when white
nationalists and counter protesters
clashed 32 year-old Heather Hare was
killed
Charlottesville became a flashpoint over
the fate of statues of soldiers who
fought for slavery activists say racism
still exists here that the community is
pulling together local organizers
continuing to come together to find ways
to protect each other because we know
that the city and these institutions
aren't here for us and aren't here to
protect us and so what I've seen is an
amazing resilience from the community
who is standing up and speaking up and
showing up for things like today after a
year of reflection some things have
changed in Charlottesville the city's
under new leadership but challenges
remain the Confederate statues at SPARC
last year's trouble still stands and
many here say deep-rooted racism is
still a problem and the Gallacher
aljazeera Charlottesville Virginia
