they set off on a 280 kilometers Ernie
who most of them are going to their town
for the first time since Boko Haram over
on it five years ago the destruction
that greeted them was unimaginable yet
most are glad they are whom Nigeria's
government says 400,000 homes who are
destroyed in Borno State alone over nine
years about a hundred thousand have been
rebuilt despite the huge challenges when
the process of reconstructing it we
experience about Boko Haram attack
that's this one the second difficulties
that we face we have taste is the
transportation of building materials
which is also another problem another
issue is the provision of skin level
added to that is a lack of money while
some displaced persons have returned
home thousands more remain in camps like
this they say it's still unsafe to go
back to the villages despite assurances
from the security forces they're worried
now is whether or not they will continue
to receive help in the camps many of the
people here in my degrees say they will
rather remain in relative safety of the
city that risk attacks by Boko Haram
fighters there is no adequate security
there are no schools or shelter that's
why we've not gone back but for some
communities the road to recovery is a
bit smoother Valmet a lady whose husband
was killed by Boko Haram got a two-room
house we are grateful that we have a
roof over our head but it's been quite a
struggle living without him there's no
one to help us out our village in Guam
was rebuilt from scratch
it now has a water supply civil
authority and a few soldiers more
importantly the local school is up and
running people here say the school is a
symbol of defiance to Boko Haram
whose ideology opposes Western education
and influences muhammad idris al jazeera
Northeast Nigeria
