a year ago to the day liberal might met
the alt right now police in Washington
DC want to keep history from repeating
itself on the anniversary of the deadly
white supremacist rally in
Charlottesville Virginia that left a
counter demonstrator dead when a car
drove into a crowd as many as 400 white
supremacist marchers prepare to converge
on Lafayette Square in front of the
White House so do more than a thousand
left-wing marchers who call themselves
an tyfa or anti-fascists Jason Kessler
who organized that unites the right
March is leading this one leaving many
here fearing another round of violent
confrontation oh I think something
serious could happen I think something
terrible would happen
let me just like in Charlottesville
Kessler's Charlottesville Ally Richard
Spencer is not expected in Washington
though his ideas are yes I mean America
historically is undoubtedly a white
country we're headed in a very different
direction well we're saying rings true
what we're saying cuts right to the
heart of the matter and that's why
people are attracted to us that's why
we're growing hundreds of city and US
Park Service police will lining the
streets with one simple goal well to
make sure to make sure that nobody is
injured and nothing gets broken
barricades will play a key role police
say they've learned lessons from
Charlottesville and their main goal will
be to keep the two groups apart even as
they converge by the hundreds in this
relatively small space it's a colossal
task counter demonstrators are already
filling the streets I think it's an
absolute affront to human decency to be
below these Nazis and white supremacists
um to come here and march in front of
the White House on this somber
anniversary a police force with perhaps
more experience than any in the world in
handling protests tries to allow the
March but not the mayhem John hendren al
Jazeera Washington
