with Palestinian flags flying on their
boats Gaza fishermen protest against
Israel's blockade they gathered in the
port before heading out to sea this
protest is part of the demonstrations
against the siege happening every week
on the land border this is our peaceful
activity that the whole world agrees
with Israel should know that this is a
small geographical area but we insist on
our freedom after 20 weeks of protests
on the land border with Israel the
fishermen now say it's their turn and
their plan is to take this for a tiller
of boats and sail it along the coast
towards the border with Israel which is
around 10 kilometers north from here
Israel restricts Gaza fishermen from
operating more than 3 nautical miles
from the coast the Israeli Navy has
confiscated boats and killed 13
fishermen it says tried to breach the
area to allows the fishermen to work in
since the siege began almost 12 years
ago as the boats sailed towards the
border people walked along the beach in
support we came here to protest against
the siege and to tell the world of our
suffering we are sure this won't break
the siege but we hope it will go some
way to ending this injustice the
protests come days after the worst
escalation of violence between Israel
and Hamas since the 2014 war funerals
were held for three men including a
volunteer medic shot by Israeli soldiers
during protests on Friday a delegation
representing the UN's Middle East peace
and voice seen here in Gaza in July have
been meeting Hamas leaders trying to
forge a lasting truce as the fishing
boats approached the border the Israeli
Navy opened fire warning shots to force
the fishing vessels back the boats
turned and headed for the port Israel
has refused to formally acknowledge a
truce announced by Hamas on Thursday
there are fears anything either side
calls a provocation could result in more
violence and even another war chants
trafford al Jazeera Gaza
