panic in Crimea as the bomb exploded in
a school in the most eastern city of
kids ambulances and military trucks
rushed to the scene among the death many
teenagers dozens of students in the
vocational training school suffered
injuries they were taken to hospitals in
both Crimea and Russia the 2-story
school is heavily damaged a gas
explosion was initially thought to have
caused the blast but it soon became
clear it wasn't an accident
investigators say the bomb exploded in
the canteen and the gunman walked around
a school with a rifle shooting everyone
he saw then police found the body of an
18-year old student in the school
library they say he shot himself and
consider him to be the only attacker it
is already clear that this is a crime
motives and versions of this tragedy of
being carefully investigated Russian
President Putin held a minute of silence
for the victims after his meeting with
Egyptian president Sisi in Sochi Putin
recently opened a new bridge which
connects Russia with Crimea the
peninsula was annexed from Ukraine by
Russian troops four years ago any
violence in Crimea has the potential to
escalate simmering tensions between the
Russians and Ukrainians there's been an
outpouring of sympathy for the victims
of the school attack here in Moscow
Russians are laying flowers at a
memorial near the Kremlin mourners are
asking what brought a young student to
commit such a bloody attack step fasten
al-jazeera Moscow
