abdel hakim armour is on a grim mission
he's looking for the remains of his son
Ahmed who's on a bus targeted in a
sodium Marathi airstrike in northern
Yemen he climbs onto the wreckage of the
bus in the rubble of the destroyed
market buildings desperately he searches
for any signs and then he breaks down
the children were returning from a
summer camp when the attack happened I
just found some of what the child was
wearing I didn't find any of his remains
not his finger not his bone not his
skull nothing I looked through all the
remains in the hospital and I didn't see
anything
video from both Iran television shows
the children boarding the bus that
morning they all seemed happy excited to
save the children says Yemen is the
worst place in the world to be a child
it's not hard to see why when you watch
these pictures taken moments after the
airstrike body parts are strewn around
injured children some with limbs missing
lie in agony it was the worst attack on
children since Yemen's brutal war
escalated in 2015 according to UNICEF in
a cemetery inside a province 29 child
sized graves have been dug but a joint
funeral for the children has been ruled
out due to security concerns thoughthey
fighters say they feared the gathering
would be targeted by more airstrikes the
sodium erotic coalition initially denied
aiming at civilians and defended the
incident as a legitimate military
operation a response is said to a
ballistic missile fire into Saudi Arabia
the previous day but hours later the
Coalition promised an investigation what
if I just say that willing to cooperate
in any inquiry in condemning the attack
Antonio Guterres the UN
secretary-general also called for a
swift and international investigation
into it those words and the growing
chorus of condemnation is instilling
some hope in yeah
is that the war in their country is
finally getting some attention Mohammed
Al Jazeera Djibouti
