a city in southern Spain may be an apt
location for two European leaders to
partner up over a divisive issue
migration an agreement the German
Chancellor hopes will help quell the
argument over the refugee crisis with
the help of fellow member European Union
countries we are just a few kilometers
from the African coast similar to Malta
or Sicily so this is a challenge we must
cope with together and no country can
dodge this task the aim to stop refugees
and migrants using the border free
Schengen zone to travel to Germany a
country that has taken in already more
than a million asylum seekers since 2015
those who are already registered in
Spain will be refused entry at the
German border and deported within 48
hours the Solidarity of the EU and its
members with this migration challenge
that we are facing in our country but
you also accept our responsibility
regarding the control of secondary
movements that are affecting in this
case Germany
if this bilateral agreement sounds
familiar
that's because it is it's based on the
existing Dublin agreement that was
suspended by mrs. Merkel in 2015 as a
result of the refugee problems that year
the German government has portrayed the
deal as a breakthrough in the EU s
current immigration crisis a similar
pact is also being made with Greece and
there was never any doubt that this
agreement with Spain would go ahead
Spain has recently become the new
preferred route for asylum seekers
attempting to reach Europe and there are
fears that it will be yet another
transit point for migrants to reach
Germany
Germany is also working with Italy to
agree a similar deal a challenge given
the anti-immigration stance from
politicians now in its government Sonia
gai a go al-jazeera
