it was just six months ago after years
of protests then a state of emergency
that East Africa's most populous country
Ethiopia saw an unexpected changing of
the political guard the surprise
resignation of Prime Minister
Hailemariam Desalegn led to a leader
from the Oromo tribe
Oba Ahmed taking power in the four
months since he became prime minister he
has not only forged an historic
agreement to end the 20 years standoff
with Eritrea he's also made bold
promises to end the authoritarianism of
former prime ministers and to heal
social tensions among Ethiopia's Oromo
Amhara and tigre ethnic groups the media
specifically social media are central to
this story because it was Ethiopians
constant use of platforms like Facebook
and Twitter to coordinate protests and
amplify grievances beyond the reach of
government censorship that preceded all
the changes the listening posts flow
Phillips now on how social media both
inside and outside the country shaped
Ethiopia's political revolution and what
some of the most influential Ethiopian
journalists are now hoping for under
their new prime minister
on April 2nd a new prime minister an
orally addressed Ethiopians as one
nation
democracies Lambada met the mountain he
taken there was hope there was optimism
you could take it as a sort of Obama's
moment for Ethiopians he's a very naive
across a team approach but the regime
has 7m Achilles you must have a seven I
bet that I give him a touch recommend
static method Lika Peru eg a bad weather
allowing freedom of the press or to open
up the space for for the opposition or
even to restore peace with with Eritrea
guitar Toulon alumni to is a true word
Agra Chuang medicine ah-ha got a tuna
limited to Mela mathematician Lu the
judgments are hidden in the cabinet
Roland and I was very much impressed by
his articulation his vision and how we
would like to change things quite in a
different way than we used to know
delegates
Yemen Yemen a yak Muhammed all know
mangas he has vocal Ghana
prior to Prime Minister a BER meds rise
to power
Ethiopia had had just two prime
ministers in 23 years MELAS Sanaa we who
spent his 17 years consolidating power
around his ethnic group that agreeance
and Hailemariam Desalegn we whose
leadership only preserved the status quo
ignoring widespread calls for reforms
during that period
Ethiopia's democracy was stained with
sham elections and clamp downs on media
criticism draconian legislation such as
the 2004 Criminal Code and the 2009
anti-terror proclamation was repeatedly
abused landing thousands of journalists
and political activists in prisons and
sending countless others into exile I've
been in prison nine times for over nine
years and for what for simply writing my
views not nothing more there's this
final time I was in prison for six and a
half years I was charged as a terrorist
of course I've never been a terrorist
this is what you get for working as a
journalist and tourism indicators
critical media was you know being
decimated one way or another and
journalists were leaving the country we
saw that kind of yawning gap in the
media and of course the 2009 media law
in itself puts a lot of restrictions on
media registration and access to funding
to the media and all these things that
really systematically eliminated
independent media of the ground
despite the Ethiopian authorities tight
control of the mainstream media and the
internet social media platforms like
Facebook and Twitter broke the
government's hold on information
increased access to smartphones and
improvements in Internet connectivity
led tech savvy Ethiopians to use social
media to talk politics
by 2015 massive demonstrations against
government land grabbing in the or amia
region had broken out social media
proved crucial for the coordination of
protests and the airing of grievances
JAMA Mohammed an activist and journalist
from our Amir became a key player from
his base in the United States beyond the
reach of the Ethiopian authorities four
years ago he turned his living room in
Minnesota into a kind of newsroom
posting and tweeting eyewitness accounts
of government abuse for his millions of
followers back home sharing protest
tactics and strategies and using his
platforms to help
Ethiopians collect you cannot imagine
this revolution this change without
social media people from all corners of
the world will snap a picture record a
video and send it to us who was up or
through Facebook and we take that we
verified we edited and we Arab battlin
and they take our production in the
ferry sure mom it was the one central
figure that played a very decisive role
in galvanizing the protests he has
become a virtual space for the gathering
of the message of the protesters who
have been silenced it who have been
killed who could not trust the media to
tell their stories they trust Joe they
send their stories to him and he
broadcasts it back you can disagree with
him I have a lot of things that I
disagree with him but you can't deny him
that significant role he played in this
in this protest he was involved in
mobilizing people you know to come out
and and ask and demand their their
freedom and when there's absence of
democracy journalists are forced to
double as activists for democracy and
that's what your mama does but he wasn't
fighting for a specific political life
he was advocating for fundamental
democratic rights because unless there's
fundamental democratic democratic rights
there's no journalism the kind of fast
change that we've seen over the last
three years without the
Media would have been impossible and the
mainstream media and this you know it
hurts my ego to admit that we were back
burners in this whole process we were
blade cameras and hoods it has taken us
too long to understand this shift and
the ability to use the social media to
affect the kind of change that the
political activists have done quite
successfully Ethiopian journalists
working in the Diaspora like Jawa
Mohammed have spent the last few years
supporting movements for political
change from afar now with a new prime
minister it's time to assess where the
ube Ahmed will follow through on his
promise to open up the space for free
expression and for them to work out
their own journalistic role in this new
Ethiopia
Ahmed shidae is the Minister for
communication affairs we asked him about
the government's plans to review the
restrictive media legislation still in
place we have already set up a legal
professional Council to review different
laws that prohibits or that limits
citizens exercise of their political
right whether it is in the media context
or in the political party context and
definitely it's going to be addressed
this is part of the deepening of
democratization and reforms that has
been articulated and managed and led by
the prime minister and Ethiopians are
already seeing the results since the
beginning of this year more than 6,000
political prisoners many of them
journalists like asked in de Nagar have
been released and on June 22nd a bias
chief of staff tweeted the 264 websites
and TV channels including critical media
outlets like Java muhammad's or a mere
media network had been unblocked there
are still significant roadblocks to a
genuinely Free Press
including repressive laws that remain on
the books but the government's call for
journalists to help restructure
Ethiopia's media landscape is being
taken up some of them are coming home
the kind of freedom that we see anything
appear today is unprecedented but
everybody has this doubt in their mind
is this is this a dream
is it going to last is this guy going to
go to another dictator I will be
travelling back to the country to build
the media we have now established our
headquarters our office in an Sabha
where were to continue supporting but we
are going to hold his feet to the fire
as well because there are a lot of
promises it must kill does not deliver
the promise of democracy then we'll be
back to social media will go back to
advocating for democracy for
transparency for equality and we'll end
up clashing with the government if so
I'm prepared to go back to prison again
so whether there is democracy or no
democracy it's back to work
there's no choice
