nowwhere seems more remote from the
daily agony of Gaza than the southern
French city of our but step into tie Xia
but Naji's exhibition and that all
changes called home away from home
the artist records a visit to his
Palestinian cousins in the United States
we joined him as he took his two sons
around the displays showing them their
family tree and their cousins all
members of the same diaspora all sharing
the fate of exile from their homeland
they have pride of place on the wall
singing verses from the Koran their
father took them to California where
they were free to practice their faith
to be taught at an Islamic school to
learn about their origins their language
their culture and their roots it was a
performance the children that the
gallery were enchanted and delighted by
but Isaiah still finds himself torn
between two worlds I have always been
split between the desire to stay in
France where I was training as an artist
and where I have more opportunities and
facilities for my work and desire to
return where I was born
where I grew up where I have my family
my friends and my roots millions of
refugees are now begin to experience the
feelings that this exhibition so
intelligently explores but there's one
tragedy that seems never-ending
and that's the conflict in Gaza you
don't know how long the situation more
last it's been six years since I went to
Gaza I don't even know when I will go
back the idea you can take a plane
ticket go home when you decide when you
want it changes your life
he was very moved by what he had seen
and discovered in in America the fact
that this
relatives that he didn't see since a
long time we're living their own life in
this totally different country Thais
fondest memory of his childhood in Gaza
was going to the beach defying a
dawn-to-dusk curfew after the Oslo
Accords he remembered the crowds
returning and spending all night there
it was just a fleeting moment of bliss
he said the calm between two storms
David cheetah al-jazeera
