sleeping on the airport floor rather
than in a holiday hotel all because of
the strike that's hit Ryanair for these
passengers their vacation is beginning
with uncertainty and lots of tricky
questions like this couple fresh in from
the states and when we landed here in
Berlin right yeah I'm in Berlin they
told us that the Ryan Air flight to
Athens that we had booked have been
canceled because of pilots on strike so
we just went through a couple different
ways of getting to Athens and the
airline rebooked us going to
Thessaloniki
tonight and then tomorrow in the morning
bouncing from Thessaloniki to Athens so
what's behind this industrial action
Ryan er employs about 400 pilots here in
Germany they are members of the pilots
union cockpit and for the Union the
issue with Ryanair is very clear they
want improved terms and conditions and
they say Ryanair really needs to reform
its height an easter woman today is not
about wanted to beat Ryanair and it
wouldn't be possible anyway against a
transatlantic employer but what it is
about is to signal to management that
there needs to be an end to them trying
to beat their own staff today we want to
send a clear message to Dublin Ryanair
must change so far at least the airline
appears not to want to but as chief
executive has accepted Ryanair will take
a financial hit it's hard to assess the
damage
regional structure the what we have said
in our portal one results is that our
fairs this summer we thought they would
be up by 4% we now expected only be
about one percent and so on our fairs
are being damaged the best but not
perhaps for those caught up in Friday's
strike action dominic came al-jazeera
at berlin shown a third airport
