it's illegal but cannabis is planted
almost everywhere in Lebanon's northern
baqar region in recent years the
government stopped destroying the crops
because it couldn't provide the
impoverished population with
alternatives now it is considering
legalizing cultivation for medical use
but some farmers are concerned it could
cut profits the high supply means it's
now very cheap so if they veganize the
cultivation it will have no value
we have been asking to legalize that
trade for 20 years and they were against
it now they want to do this to gain
political support from the people who
are fed up with the politicians it's a
multi-million dollar industry which an
international consulting firm says could
help Lebanon struggling economy it would
first have to introduce new seedlings
that have medical properties a draft
bill has been proposed in Parliament
proponents say the people of the region
will benefit I proposed this rule to
help farmers they have been the victims
they can't openly sell it because it's
illegal so dealers benefit most by
imposing a price on the farmers and
selling the product for higher prices
and those dealers have political cover
it's not the first time the idea has
been put forward and it may take months
before Parliament votes on the bill
farmers say they have little choice but
to grow cannabis in order to survive
people are poor and there are little
economic opportunities they blame the
authorities for neglecting their area
the livelihoods of tens of thousands
depend on this trade which is controlled
by the region's powerful families
growing cannabis is cheap and
alternative crops can't survive the
harsh climate here that is one reason
why attempts to eradicate the
cultivation after the civil war in the
1990s failed there are those who believe
the government should support this
industry today you have hashish plant
without tetrahydrocannabinol so it's
very important for to cultivate such
amounts of fish plant where you can get
more than 40 products out of it
the best thread you can just get it out
of that
yeah the fiber it's out of that the
United Nations says Lebanon is one of
the largest producers and exporters of
cannabis in the world politicians now
want to cash in on this lucrative
underground market but in a country
known for corruption some questioned the
government's ability to control and
regulate the trade senator al Jazeera
northern becau Lebanon
