the story of flyer beal is one shared by
many here creating the first regional
airline in northern iraq became a dream
deferred
the war to purge isil grounded the
airline then a political dispute with
the federal government in baghdad
brought more delays in june three years
after the airline was registered it
began flying passengers from Erbil to
cities in Sweden Germany and Holland to
mean fly I reveal how to fly Erbil is to
make the name of Erbil well-known
internationally so people have more
curiosity to visit Kurdistan and Erbil
are the safest areas in Iraq and the
most economically stable flyer bees can
grow if things are stable construction
cranes dot the Erbil skyline but there
are also shells of buildings scattered
throughout the capital of Iraq's Kurdish
region reminders of the grand
aspirations of luxury condominiums
shopping malls and businesses yet to be
fulfilled
there are 1.4 million people working for
the government and public sector in the
semi autonomous Kurdish region of
northern Iraq that's more than one-fifth
of the population employees have seen
their salaries cut some months they
haven't been paid this stems from a
dispute over oil exports and budget
payments between Baghdad and the
regional government here in 2014
the Iraqi government stopped providing
funds to the region the money pays the
salaries of government and public sector
employees such as Qahhar Hussein and his
wife her teaching salary has been
slashed in half they say they're owed
twelve thousand dollars in unpaid wages
money suffered okay there is a lot of
pressure on us we can't afford any
vacations we can only afford food and
hope to survive every month and every
year this year the federal government
resumed payments but not at the pre 2014
level
because she had a mucus and the hope of
the people is that the economy goes back
to where it was the political the social
problems every other problem they're all
connected to the economic problems
Hussein says year after year they keep
hearing the economy is improving
when they finally believe it they hope
to realize a dream put on hold by the
economic crisis to give their daughter a
sibling
Natacha guy named al jazeera Erbil
