it's taken nearly three months and as
many Iraqis predicted the result remains
unchanged populist mutt father as such
will continue to play a central role in
forming the next government a votes
recount was ordered in June over
allegations of fraud bart's Iraqis have
been unhappy at how long the process
took we live an illusion of democracy we
thought the results would be announced
within 24 hours
just like developed countries yet more
than three months later including the
burning of ballots we hear the same
results we could have formed the
government during this time had we known
it's a mockery with 54 seats in
parliament and Sudz election win means
his party will choose the next prime
minister
the ser√°n alliances made up of religious
nationalist and secular communists but
the Shia cleric is also looking beyond
his base for coalition partners the
political uncertainty has raised
tensions across the country thousands of
people protested last month from the
south to the capital against poor basic
services unemployment and the slow pace
of rebuilding Iraq after years of war
wanna submit alleged meat shall I fish
developing in an attempt to quash public
anger prime minister haider al-abadi
who's seeking a second term in office
like several people in the electricity
ministry over power cuts his father has
threatened to join the opposition if his
rivals fail to agree to a list of 40
demands including those of the
protesters and preconditions for
choosing the next prime minister we must
remember that all Sutter has a strong
support base and this could play an
instrumental role in objecting to the
formation and delay of the next
government if his conditions are not met
once the recount result is ratified the
process of forming a new government
should begin and while it will have to
balance a relationship with both the
United States and Iran
it's the Iraqis it will ultimately have
to answer to if their demands aren't met
Saira hereit's al-jazeera
