the hopes of doing a brexit deal at this
summit long-gone British Prime Minister
Theresa Mays positive tone on arrival
won't have impressed many here in
Brussels what we've seen is that we've
sold most of issues in withdrawal
agreement there are still there is still
the question of the Northern Irish
backstop but I believe everybody around
the table wants to get a deal by working
intensively and closely we can achieve
that deal I believe a deal is achievable
now is the time to make it happen may
spent less than half an hour addressing
her fellow leaders on the status of exit
talks before they went into dinner
without her a further sign of the UK's
growing isolation within this block she
presented them with no new ideas to
break the current deadlock so there
wasn't much to discuss EU leaders are
running out of patience with Britain
just as Britain is running out of time
they called off a planned emergency
summit in November judging that
insufficient progress has been made to
expect a deal by then it looks that
still we do have a lot of discussions
they know she's politically weak at home
Theresa May has bowed to different
factions in her government and
Parliament rejecting the --use plan for
a backstop or insurance policy against a
future hard border on the island of
Ireland
they insist it's non-negotiable and
there's more and more talk about all of
this ending in No Deal disruptions at
borders tariffs on trade British
passport holders requiring visas and
work permits on the continent there is
one new idea doing the rounds the --use
potential willingness to extend the
so-called transition period after
Britain leaves the EU allowing a full
three years for trade talks to take
place before that thorny issue of the
backstop applies it might soften some
opposition to the backs
hardly imaginative thinking at this
stage but possibly all they've got the
Prime Minister and others stressed that
a deal is 90% done but on the problem of
Ireland they're still miles apart
Jonah hull al Jazeera Brussels
