no lock come back in the truck at all
see you pull you out see see y'all see
of people that suppose is to pay truck
police pull over the bait truck unlocked
and loaded with boxes of Nike shoes they
leave it on the side of the road in one
of Chicago's grittiest neighborhoods
locals say sometimes the back is rolled
up to reveal the Nike shoes inside you
trying to create crime then they wait
for the young men of Englewood to
discover it on this YouTube video posted
by anti-crime activist Charles Mackenzie
outraged residents call that entrapment
the streets of Chicago's South Side are
among the city's most violent but
neighborhood activists say the bait
truck preys on poor black children
tempting them to steal what they
wouldn't touch if police hadn't put it
there this young man apparently took the
bait each year across the u.s. the FBI
says cargo theft costs twenty seven
million dollars in losses but local
activists say police tactics here are
racist they say there are no reports of
bait trucks being parked downtown or in
the affluent white neighborhoods of
Chicago's North Side many here are now
asking why now how many times have you
seen police officers Park a truck full
of iPhones and MacBooks in a white
neighborhood wonder how many white kids
are actually going to that van and it's
trying to start looking through there
and grabbing iPhones and MacBooks you
know good where they're go over there
and do the exact same thing the black
kids are doing in a statement Chicago
police told Al Jazeera quote the
operation was conducted by Norfolk
Southern Railroad police the Chicago
Police Department assisted with
enforcement as necessary I think this is
bogus
real fires being committed why have you
got it what is film preach this thing
this time neighborhood activists
persuade police to move the truck along
and that's what advocacy looked like
good job people and on it goes to the
next neighborhood john Hendren al
jazeera Chicago
