illegal no more at midnight in the
easternmost timezone the first non
medicinal cannabis is sold without
breaking Canadian law feels great
wouldn't you be super happy to if you're
the first person in line legalization is
being celebrated countrywide and not
just by smokers Canadian cannabis
companies have seen their share prices
soar in recent months as the big day
approached there's not one client that
I've met yet that has not been touched
by the introduction of cannabis in
Canada life sciences technology the
banking industry retailers but in
addition to food and beverage companies
you're gonna start seeing a lot of
activity as they touch the cannabis
market how Canadians buy their cannabis
depends on where they live there will be
different distribution rules in each of
the ten provinces and 3 territories some
will have government-run online and real
stores other's private retail prices
will also differ some critics say that
puts too many restrictions on an
activity most Canadians have long wanted
to be legal we can't really stop it with
prohibition we better call it
legalization unfortunately the
government has tried to maintain all of
the details of prohibition and just call
it legalization
legalizing cannabis fulfills a campaign
promise made in 2015 by Prime Minister
Justin Trudeau who himself admitted
several years ago that he was an
occasional user in the past the
government is also offering pardons to
people convicted of possession now that
the drug is legal because cannabis has
been outlawed for so long its effects on
mind and body are being studied in
detail at this Toronto medical lab
they're using a simulator to see how
drivers who've smoked a joint react to
virtual traffic conditions police and
Road Safety advisors are also part of
the research the most important thing is
for drivers to understand what's going
on in their bodies and prevent things
from happening
I think everybody's interested in
keeping our world safer
so we'll help drivers to maintain that
polls show most Canadians are not
opposed to legal cannabis so long as it
can be kept away from children and the
multibillion-dollar profits from an
industry once dominated by organized
crime can be taxed and used to benefit
society
Daniel Locke al-jazeera Toronto
