when hurricanes Irma and Maria struck
Puerto Rico nearly a year ago they're
furious winds and waters were initially
reported to have killed about a dozen
people president Donald Trump
highlighted the number when he visited
days after the storm thousands of people
that died in other hurricanes
but Trump's words would prove premature
the disasters drawn-out aftermath the
days and months without power fresh
water and working hospitals has taken
many times more lives on Thursday the
Puerto Rican government acknowledged for
the first time that the death toll could
be 20 times the current official count
of 64 a report from the governor's
office says there were 1427 more deaths
in the four months after the Hurricanes
than normal but adds the caveat that may
or may not be attributable to the
Hurricanes for me there's no doubt that
they have to do with the hurricane and
you're still listening to all of these
stories from people that they keep
telling you how everything changed after
Maria how they don't have any insulin or
how they lost their houses or their
farms how they don't even have money to
put for them food on the table this
summer some Puerto Ricans are living
under the same blue tarps and dealing
with the electricity outages which
continue to plague swathes of the island
I feel powerless it's called
powerlessness because I can't do
anything Puerto Rico's governor has
asked Congress for 139 billion dollars
in relief assistance noting that almost
a year after the disaster permanent
reconstruction has just begun if only
the government had given me a little
more everyone I called offered a hand
but I'm still waiting for the people of
the island who are suffering and dying
the help cannot come soon enough
Heidi Joe Castro al Jazeera
