digging in for a fight these soldiers
are part of a 1,000 member force sent to
fight gunmen who laid siege to villages
in Northwest Nigeria for more than seven
years they sacked many villages looting
killing and raping the criminals are
forced up to 40,000 people from their
homes yet despite the military
operations civilians continue to seek
refuge in larger towns sani Hakim II
says his village was raided under my to
get out to kill my father
they walked right into his room I shot
the old man they waded out cattle and
camels some of my villages were
kidnapped for ransom they took our women
raped and abandoned them for us to take
to hospital more than 100 people I
estimated to have been killed in the
past six weeks alone survivors say the
attackers showed no mercy my neighbor
who was pregnant was shot at a close
range she lost the baby but she survived
she's now in hospital each day at
mealtime they line up their plates to be
served but the quality of food has not
been good an outbreak of cholera swept
through some camps recently leading to
several deaths but officials say it's
been brought under control this camp in
Gedanken will open just ten days ago and
officials say already 6,000 people have
registered with thousands more living
with their relatives in town some say
they are eager to go back home but most
say they are afraid to even step out of
town they say their villages are not
safe but the army which is trying to
battle so many crisis across Nigeria
says it can guarantee their safety I
will continue to assure them of their
protection as long as they are willing
to go back to their localities officials
say 6,000 people listen to the Army's
advice and return home but more than
30,000 others are still waiting to see
if it will ever be safe enough to go
back a harmony breeze al Jazeera
Northwest Nigeria
