an Israeli airstrike on a five storey
building it's a cultural center and it's
destroyed it happened as Israel was
deliberating its next step after scores
of air strikes on Gaza yet even as
ambulances rushed the injured to
hospital her ass was in negotiations for
a truce nearly five hours had passed
without any Israeli attacks after the
airstrike on the cultural center Hamas
said in its statement to al-jazeera that
this was a truce it would be imposed at
2040 GMT not a full ceasefire guarded
words there and they said that the
United Nations and Egypt had been
involved in mediation earlier a senior
official from Hamas had hinted that they
could stop firing rockets
sometimes the sums of confrontation
takes six hours 24 hours after that who
stopped I think that the equation of the
confrontation now is well known so I
think both sides are not involved we are
not interested now now to reach the
point of the wide confrontation all our
work we try to avoid that
Wednesday's fighting had been sporadic
but one of the last actions of Hamas
before it relented with rocket strikes
was the launch of a grad missile the
first time it had used the weapons since
the 2014 war
at times on Wednesday night civilians
said the intensity of the bombardment
seemed reminiscent to the last three
wars this house in Deir el Balah
was struck by an Israeli aircraft a
pregnant mother and her 18 month-old
baby died here
the husband a Hamas policeman is
critically ill in the hospital the first
to see this scene was a next-door
neighbor I'm very angry a pregnant woman
and her baby she had been married for
two years
there was nothing dangerous about her
Gaza has been here so many times before
waiting and watching cease fires have
come and gone will the truce hold there
is still some hope here in a place
surrounded by walls with no way out but
there is cynicism about whether they've
seen the last of this Andrew Symonds al
Jazeera Gaza City
