when he took the job over four years ago
Stefan de Mistura described it as almost
mission impossible now after seven years
of war with over 12 million people
displaced from their homes in Syria and
over half a million killed he told the
Security Council he was stepping down
with a peace deal far from sight let me
also give you some heads-up if I may I
will myself be moving on as of the last
week of November mr. de Mistura tried
everything from local truces to meetings
of key international players in 2016 he
managed to get Syrian government
representatives to Geneva to meet with a
delegation that for the first time
represented many of the opposition
elements including key fighting groups
this promising opportunity stopped in
its tracks by military action during the
talks by Syria and its Russian ally if
therefore taking this decision to bring
a temporary pause temporary pause it is
not end and is not the failure of the
talk haven't they basically bombed your
talks I am NOT referring to military
activity it was Russian air power and
Iranian forces on the ground that
changed the balance of power the
Russians then began to pushing talks
first in Astana then in Sochi as a rival
to mr. de mistura's Geneva process in
over four years of press conferences and
in interviews there seemed to one thing
that was your mantra there is no
military solution and yet in that time
we've seen starvation used as a weapon
we've seen repression including torture
we've seen aerial bombardment including
barrel bombs we've seen the repeated use
of chemical weapons the Syrian
government clearly didn't believe you
and it now controls most of the country
so it did have a military solution
didn't it you see and I work for the UN
and I've been working for the and now 48
years in 22 wars or me
in conflict area I've learned one thing
and I know the Secretary General feels
very strongly like this what matters is
winning the peace mr. de Mistura isn't
finishing quite yet he's making a last
trip to Damascus next week to persuade
the Syrian government to accept a
finalized list for a constitutional
committee they've been dragging their
heels on that for nine months it's
unlikely his decision to quit will give
him any more leverage James BAE's al
Jazeera at the United Nations
