a tiny and delicate creature the el
segundo blue butterfly has fluttered and
danced on planet earth for tens of
millions of years far longer than the
human species has existed it is
classified as an endangered species
clinging to the outermost fringes of Los
Angeles's sprawling metropolis its
native habitat largely reduced to
suburban McMansions and strip malls and
all key works to keep the el segundo
blue from vanishing forever there is
some habitat here that was planted for
the endangered El Segundo blue butterfly
there are 1,300 threatened or endangered
animals and plants in the United States
including the mighty California condor
the elusive eastern red wolf and the
far-ranging Kemp's ridley sea turtle
they are afforded special protection
under a landmark law signed by President
Richard Nixon in 1973 it was intended to
protect some of our most imperiled
plants and animals from extinction and
it's been highly successful in doing
that 99% of the plants and animals that
are currently protected under the
Endangered Species Act are still around
now the Trump administration has
proposed changes in the Endangered
Species Act species already on the list
would not be removed but rapidly
declining species like the monarch
butterfly could be in trouble threatened
species would receive no special
protection until they reach endangered
status and are in danger of dying out
the proposed changes to the Endangered
Species Act would make it easier for
corporations to develop rare habitats
drill for oil and gas cut down forests
and lay pipelines the Trump
administration has consistently sought
to ease environmental regulations it
claims inhibit economic growth this is
just another piece of that puzzle that
shows their total disregard for the
ecological processes
and the world that we live in for and
all key the survival of the El Segundo
blue butterfly is a symbol of nature's
beauty and a farsighted legislation from
a different era without the Endangered
Species Act we would hate working very
aggressively on paving over paradise
environmental organizations are planning
a legal fight to derail the
administration's proposed changes to the
Endangered Species Act Rob Reynolds
al-jazeera Palos Verdes California
