my name is Norman King the first iPad to
graduate in the University of the
Philippines I was actually a working
student way back then I work eight to
five and then I studied six to eleven in
the evening the only sad part as
experience of Anita is that no matter
what you will still be discriminated we
are being portrayed as something like
uneducated and poor people only living
in the mountains and sometimes when it
comes to opportunities we have
difficulty when it comes to competition
the way other people see us it's still
much lesser of a person and that's when
I realize no there's something more than
this I prayed that I simply say Lord I
wanted to go to school university of the
philippines manila is one of the premier
school or the state school in the
philippines the only question that they
ask me is that why should we accept you
in this program in the university my
response is if it is required of us you
know to study our own culture I will do
it because I want at the end of the day
that they will hear our voice that there
was someone who could fight for our
rights and be the voice of the many
graduation ceremony so when I walk there
wearing my traditional costume I walk
there with a head up high because I know
together with my shoulder to shoulder
and my people tight a community it's
like wiping all of those negative
notions about the hata I still want to
work with the young and generations to
strive more to encourage them to
motivate them that what I have done is
simply the start
