still wearing his backpack this boy was
in a minibus full of children heading on
a weekend school outing in northern
Yemen but as they went through the city
of sada their bus was hit by an
airstrike a Houthi TV station accused
the Saudi Emirati led coalition have
been behind the attack the Red Cross
says scores of people have been killed
we are expecting even more damage and
these are more it happened because the
planes are still circling in the sky so
we're even expecting more air strike I
mean what's happening today and also
what happened yes we condemned it Saudi
Arabia and its allies have been fighting
in Yemen for more than three years
against the Houthis who were aligned
with Iran the Houthis controlled much of
northern Yemen including the capital
sana four years ago they drove a saudi
back to government into exile this
latest attack adds more casualties to
the list of nearly 10,000 people killed
during the war the UN called it the
world's worst humanitarian crisis
Bernard Smith August
