dozens of articulated lorries are parked
with nowhere to go
the main cargo crossing in Alma Jara
province in the southeast of Yemen has
been out of operation for days
that's because workers the customs
office are protesting a 100% increase in
tariffs on goods from abroad and there's
fear it will drive prices up in the
region's poorest country custom tax on
imports would normally cost me per
shipment around four thousand US dollars
but now will cost me over fifty thousand
dollars so you can see it's a huge
difference in costs 70 percent of
imports enter Yemen from Oman through
this key border crossing a lifeline for
a country on the brink of famine after a
relentless war that started three years
ago but the saudi-led coalition which
has a strong presence in El Mahara fears
Iran could be smuggling weapons in for
the Houthi rebels it back last week
Yemen's internationally recognized
president was greeted with open arms by
the Saudi ambassador to Yemen upon
landing in al maraa it was Abdullah
bormenthal Hades first visit outside of
Aden since his return to Yemen in 2015
his announcements of eight new projects
wasn't enough to keep locals happy for
months the people of Amara have been
protesting the presence of Saudi and
United Arab Emirates troops there calls
for the Coalition to scale back its
military presence and hand back elevador
Airport was finally met in a deal last
month but tensions are far from over
the saudi-led coalition has reportedly
not fully honored the agreement and is
still in control of the airport seaport
and border crossing with Oman locals
have given the deal until September to
see if the saudi-led coalition will
fulfill their six demands fully and if
not then they say they'll be back on the
streets protesting so to hide at al
Jazeera
