since early morning thousands of
supporters and opponents had filled
downtown Buenos itis as the Senate
debated whether or not to approve a
landmark bill to legalize abortion the
influence of a Catholic Church and its
Argentine born pope could not be
underestimated unlike last month when
the less conservative Lower House
narrowly passed the bill this time
opponents had good reason to be
optimistic this is the final stretch to
decide whether or not there will be
legal abortion we are here to support
the Senators who we believe will vote
against a killing of an unborn child on
the other side of the Senate building
pro-abortion activists wearing their
emblematic green kerchief tried to keep
their spirits up sooner or later
it will be legal because we have
launched a cultural and a social
revolution yes there are different
points of view but we have achieved so
far is incredible the debate went long
into the night while the vigil continued
under the pouring rain when the bill was
finally defeated many could not be
consoled
after what they described as an epic
battle I feel it's raining it's really
cold and we are still fighting for you
because hey girls I are dying girls of
every age are dying
although there are no hard statistics
it's estimated that between 300 and 500
thousand clandestine abortions are
practiced in Argentina every year apart
from the color green many here are
carrying one of these this is a metal
coat hanger which too many women insert
in their uterus to provoke a miscarriage
the procedure explains why unsafe and
illegal abortions here in Argentina are
the number one cause of maternal deaths
components of abortions say there are
other ways to deal with unwanted
pregnancy such as adoption by law a new
bill cannot be submitted to Congress
until next year at the earliest this
abortion campaigners insist they're
already preparing
next battle you see a human al-jazeera
when Osiris
