she's the biggest star in gymnastics the
USA Simone biles lit up Rio 2016 winning
four gold medals and one bronze and
she's in Qatar for the artistic
gymnastics World Championships looking
for even more success I'm really excited
I think our team as a whole will shine a
lot of light at this competition and
hopefully we'll bring back some medals
and it'll be good
we'll make memories bars took a
year-long break from competition after
the Olympics she's picked up from where
she left off since her return becoming
the first woman to win five US national
all-round titles than August and in Doha
she'd be leading a team with far less
experience to take on the world's best
the American team is training behind me
Simone biles of course is their headline
act she'll have the chance to get six
medals here in Doha it'll give a boost
to gymnastics as a whole in the country
and particularly for American gymnastics
back in the headlines for the right
reasons the image of USA gymnastics has
been tainted by the sex abuse scandal
involving former team dr. Larry NASA
who's been sentenced to more than 300
years in jail since then the national
governing body has faced heavy criticism
for not taking serious steps to reform
and implement changes to ensure their
gymnasts are protected sufficiently
they've also had a crisis of leadership
earlier this month interim president
Mary Bona resigned - just days into her
job making it for high-ranking officials
to leave in the last six months right
now we have people that really are not
an in tune with what really is happening
within our community and what has
happened and they're refusing to make
really really huge changes which no one
is going to move forward until we do now
baaz was one of nearly a hundred sixty
women who accused NASA of sexual abuse
the 21 year old has said speaking about
what happened to her was empowering and
she feels now that she has the
responsibility to be a role model in
Doha however bars and the team have been
told to focus strictly on competing well
you know the bring here to compete with
gymnastics
all the other stuff we don't care about
we don't talk about everyday we focus on
what the plan is from workout to workout
we really take it one workout at a time
we know we have good experience in depth
so our chances of finishing in the top
three are good the u.s. women's biggest
competition at these championships is
likely to come from China and Russia
what's unlikely though is that any one
gymnast will outshine biles
Sohail malik al jazeera Doha
