deep into the night intense bombardment
the flash of outgoing rockets from Gaza
Israel's Iron Dome air defense system
knocked out several of the missiles but
the majority got through and in response
came the blasts and flames from Israeli
air strikes this is how it started here
a rocket unlike most of them finding its
target the Israeli town of desert with
people fleeing in all directions in the
panic towns right across southern Israel
under attack the response was fast air
strikes right across the Gaza Strip up
to 20 mostly basis of the al-qassam
brigades the military wing of Hamas it
released a statement saying in
retaliation against the Israeli
aggression the resistance is continuing
to fire rockets at Israeli towns the
casualties may not have been high in
number but they included a mother and
baby in a house hit in Deir el bara as
emergency services on both sides of
Gaza's walls responded to the barrage of
incoming and outgoing fire Egyptian
mediators were engaged in trying to
pursue both sides to call a truce much
rest now on the real intentions of
Israel and Hamas to one or both really
intend to break down the ceasefire talks
and Nikolaj Madden of the UN Special
Envoy has been here before not so
serious but he mediated and succeeded in
stopping the fighting a month ago his
words our collective efforts have
prevented an explosion until now we will
work hard to ensure Gaza steps back from
the brink
kamme Latin oov and Egyptian mediators
bring Gaza back from the brink again
thousand people are in fear tonight that
he may not succeed there are more
questions than answers right now could
this be a tactical prelude of violence
ahead of signing any agreement to get
more damage done on Hamas as far as the
Israelis concerned and Hamas to rally
its faithful with a show of force
possible but everything rests now with
the Israeli response it seems and the
Israeli security cabinet is meeting
later on Thursday we may know more then
