the election wasn't even supposed to be
closed but after a long election night
it was too close to call
Republican Troy Boulder's and held the
narrowest of leads over Democrat Danny
O'Connor in a special election for
Ohio's 12th congressional district I'm
going to promise to you that I'm going
to work relentlessly relentlessly for
this 12th congressional district on the
right path and we're going to keep it
going that way in this heavily
Republican district O'Connor and his
party called it a win of sorts anyway
with his campaign claiming provisional
and absentee ballots could still make
the difference it was anything but a
concession speech can you believe how
close this is we are in a tie ballgame
and you made this possible the
grassroots individuals who've been
knocking on doors fighting for the
future of our country in this sprawling
landscape of Ohio farmland and suburbs
just one Democrat has won here since
1939 Republican state legislators in
Ohio redrew this district to make it
more Republican in 2011 so Democrats say
even a modest loss is a harbinger of a
coming Democratic wave in the November
midterm elections this should have been
a slam dunk for the Republicans the fact
that it's not is already significant
President Donald Trump won here by 11
percentage points in 2016 when polls
showed Democrat Danny O'Connor in a dead
heat with Republican Troy Boulder's in
this year Trump took notice and took to
the road Troy Bolton
he is the guy he is the guy that's gonna
do things so I got to work outside
groups poured millions of dollars into
the race most for pro Boulder's and ads
but shows that we have a grassroots
enthusiasm about our campaign we have
folks across our district aurochs
my opponent needs Washington DC to come
in and bail them out in a way that we
don't Democrats need 23 seats to take
over the House of Representatives and
each side has one more chance to win
this district the winner only holds
office until January now the two
candidates returned to the campaign
trail to face each other again in the
November midterm elections john Hendren
al jazeera Westerville Ohio
