few of those filling up at this New
Delhi petrol station have a view on
Iran's nuclear program nor the merits of
the deal to control it but the renewal
of US sanctions on Iran could be felt
here India is the second biggest
importer of Iranian oil after China 18
percent of its oil comes from Iran when
petrol prices go up it's the common
people like me and others who are
affected India also exports to Iran some
tea more rice
the re-imposition of sanctions so far
does not color food nor oil the full
extent of what the United States expects
of other countries won't be known until
November India is hoping exemptions can
be made a waiver from the sanctions
regime or freedom from consequences if
it does continue to trade with Iran but
Indian exports to the US are 25 times
those to Iran it can't afford to risk
them but the word is and will be taken
by the woman it will be in the national
interest it is a very very difficult
choice we have to strike a balance
between two of my media partner one is
my strategic partner one is my main
business partner India has close ties to
Iran president Hassan rouhani came to
New Delhi in February Prime Minister
Narendra Modi went to Tehran two years
ago their country's ties are strategic
as well as economic sanctions on Iran
aren't just a matter of money for India
this is about more than the price of
petrol or rice there is a geopolitical
dimension to the US sanctions regime
could cost India
India is the major investor in this port
on iran's south coast
it gives India access by sea to places
which because Pakistan blocks the land
routes it can't reach otherwise Iran is
important from the geographical point of
view when we are looking at Afghanistan
when we are looking at Central Asia so
it is the hub when we talk about the
connectivity projects investment in Iran
is also politically strategic China's
so-called belt and road investment
initiative gives it influence across
Central Asia if India can't rival it
people here believe China's influence
will grow little is clear yet US and
Indian officials will meet in September
to discuss what the full US sanctions
regime will mean here it could hurt
Andrew Thomas al Jazeera New Delhi
