this was the first of a series of town
hall meetings cooled by the incoming
Mexican government to ask victims and
community leaders a simple question how
can we bring peace it was emotionally
charged perhaps inevitably in Ciudad
Juarez a town once known as the world's
murder capital Jose Luis Castillo in
particular was desperate to talk to the
president-elect about a disappeared
daughter that never leaves his mind nine
years two months and three hours she's
been missing her name is Esmeralda
Castillo Rincon to him what's needed is
political will not just to reduce the
violence but to find the tens of
thousands of people who have disappeared
for nine years I've been literally
fighting with authorities to get them to
help me to find her to help me find my
Esmeralda the new government has
promised it will be different we know
this is a country of disappeared people
that it's full of mass graves of morgues
with unidentified bodies until now there
haven't been anywhere near enough
resources dedicated to finding them we
need a national commission to find the
disappeared with the highest scientific
standards and enough personnel to cope
with one of the most painful situations
in our recent history they also want to
radically alter the security strategy
offering social programs and even
amnesty for some of the young and poor
drawn into organized crime the details
have yet to be agreed on but they're
hoping that these forums with academics
victims businesspeople politicians and
others will help this is the first of 18
Town Hall events that are going to take
place across the country there'll also
be meetings for migrants and even for
prisoners what the incoming
administration say is that they want the
Mexican public to help them define their
security strategy president-elect under
his Manuel Lopez Obrador has promised to
lead from the front personally taking
charge of security every day from 6:00
a.m. and meet with the head of the Army
Navy interior minister and security
minister to get the latest security
report and make decisions
the question is how capable his
government will be of turning new ideas
into reality once they take power John
Holman al-jazeera Ciudad Juarez
