it was a war that lasted only six days
but which had a profound effect on a
country and a region on the edge of
Europe ten years on buildings have been
repaired but the pain of loss is still
felt it hurts so much she was my only
child life is very hard without her the
bombing by Russia of an apartment
complex in the georgian town of Gouri
claimed 14 lives among them sits in oku
Shosh villas only daughter 43 year old
Maya newspaper reports show her watching
over her daughter's body in the rubble
they just abused us Russia is our
neighbor but it is also our enemy a war
that destroyed families and divided
communities was driven she says not by
people but by politics the impulsive
Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili
who thought NATO would support him in a
war with Russia Russia meanwhile
calculating correctly that it would not
in the end there was little NATO
appetite for war with Russia over
Georgia the breakaway regions of South
Ossetia and Abkhazia were lost along
with villages like tiny a breathy over
here behind a barbed-wire fence in a
peace deal that was never fully honored
point five from the six-point agreement
says that the Russia shall withdraw his
troops to the positions they held prior
to the outbreak of hostilities and that
has never happened
Russia has maintained ever seasonable
military presence in in the breakaways
around 4,500 problem and in each post
South Ossetia and Abkhazia and big
permanent bases
now the European Union monitors a
fragile peace along a frontier some call
a border others an occupation mine
Russian military and observation posts
peek out from territory that was once
Georgian now South Ossetia a
self-declared independent Republic
recognized only by Russia and a few
others lives were lost here too under a
hail of Georgian missiles former fellow
countrymen who seemed unlikely ever to
unite Jonah hull al-jazeera on the
Georgian boundary with South Ossetia
