back in court to face more charges Najib
Razak former Prime Minister of Malaysia
has pleaded not guilty to receiving
proceeds that stemmed from unlawful
activities he's alleged to have received
10 and a half million dollars from a
state company called SRC international
these three additional charges were amla
charges Amla meanings any anti money
laundering and now anti money laundering
is a big big word but it strictly means
proceeds of crime they are in addition
to the charges brought against him last
month for criminal breach of trust and
abuse of power SRC International is a
former unit of 1mdb the state investment
fund set up by Najib when he was both
Prime Minister and Finance Minister the
US Department of Justice alleges four
and a half billion dollars has been
stolen from the fund 1mdb isn't just
being investigated in Malaysia at least
six other countries including Singapore
and Switzerland are investigating the
fund over alleged corruption and money
laundering
Najib is alleged to have covered up
irregularities at the fund when he was
still in power
sacking his Deputy Prime Minister and
replacing the Attorney General with
another officer who subsequently cleared
him of any wrongdoing but since coming
into power following a general election
in May the new administration led by
Mahathir Mohamad has moved swiftly to
uncover the true extent of the
corruption scandal surrounding 1mdb
the government recently took possession
of a 250 million dollar yacht it was
handed over by Indonesian authorities
who had seized the vessel on behalf of
US officials who alleged the yacht was
bought with money stolen from 1mdb
Florence lui al Jazeera Kuala Lumpur
