millions of Colombians celebrated the
swearing-in of a new president several
foreign leaders including Modi's yamaki
about an thena
and ever Morales of Bolivia attended the
event speaking to a crowd of supporters
president Yvonne Duque called for unity
from all of Colombia's political parties
I want to govern Colombia with
unbreakable values and principles
overcoming left/right divisions
overcoming the sort of social dialogue
that fractures society
I want to govern Colombia with the
spirit of building and never destroying
oblivion Dukas rise to the presidency
comes at a critical time for Colombia in
the country's most rural areas coca and
other illicit crops are being produced
at record levels the national economy
has yet to fully recover from the global
financial recession there's also the
question of Venezuela the ongoing
political crisis there has pushed
thousands of Venezuelan refugees into
Colombia overwhelming the country's
public services in Bogota a rally was
held by opposition supporters where
members of the Revolutionary Armed
Forces of Colombia or FARC were in
attendance the future of a historic
peace deal between the Colombian
government and the FARC is uncertain and
critics of President Duque worry that he
won't honor the agreement there's
pessimism and there's concern over the
new president because his government is
extremely right-wing he's been opposed
to the peace process of outgoing
President Juan Manuel Santos and some in
the party have said they want to destroy
the peace deal activists also called for
attention to an increase in
assassinations of civil society leaders
more than 300 social activists have been
killed in the last two years this
demonstration is to say we are against
assassinations of Colombia social
leaders this is something we can no
longer accept we have to protect our
leaders and our human rights defenders
this cannot continue in Colombia it's
clear the new president has many
challenges ahead as he presides over a
country only recently climbing out
in half a century of Worf perhaps the
most difficult challenge even dukkha
will face as he begins his presidency
will be finding a way to bridge a
politically divided country and finding
a way to make all Colombians feel
included in the building of a lasting
peace mana Rapinoe al jazeera Bogota
