Canada is a country that prides itself
on promoting human rights at home and
overseas now one country is determined
it pay a steep price for that principle
Saudi Arabia is suspending direct
flights to Canada demanding 15,000 Saudi
students and their families in the
country leave and it's killing off hopes
of future trade deals it's all for
speaking out on Twitter against Saudi
Arabia's arrest of two women's rights
activists on unspecified charges once
Amer Badawi is the sister of Raef Badawi
another imprisoned activist whose wife
is now a Canadian citizen I think Saudi
Arabia's very aggressive reaction
demonstrates how sensitive they are to
this kind of criticism how much it
matters to them and so this really
should be viewed by other governments as
an important opening and opportunity to
build that pressure but if Canada was
expecting the European Union or the
United States to come to its defense we
have discussed it with the government of
Saudi Arabia and his up for Saudi Arabia
and the Canadians to work this matter
out what it got from these Saudi trading
partners was lukewarm backing at best
the dispute has given the government of
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau a boost at
home or her support for women's rights
but critics say Canada has little to
gain by putting the Saudis on the
defensive the big question is what is
done in a thoughtful and effective way
would it have been more productive to
have used quiet diplomacy rather than a
form of public shaming and was Canada
prepared for the fallout trade between
the two countries amounts to about four
billion dollars a year much of it coming
from the sale of Canadian armoured
vehicles Canada hasn't backed down from
its position but now reportedly is
talking to allies with influence for
help and pursuing quiet diplomacy after
such an explosive spat Kristin Shalini
al-jazeera
Toronto
