behind long box pristine beaches there's
devastation in Manteca village not many
houses are still standing after Sunday's
earthquake 2,000 people were made
homeless in an instant two children died
people ran for the hills and are
spending the nights on higher ground a
few men came down to collect their
belongings nobody's come to help us yet
we have a little bit of food we're still
waiting for help from the government and
praying it will arrive soon the bargain
with the mosque severely damaged Prius
our health outdoors the time being we're
trying to calm everyone down by spending
the night in the Hills how many are
still in panic and traumatized it's
better for us to stay there maybe 1 or 2
weeks until help arrives more search and
rescue workers have reached the island
two days after the earthquake struck
they're digging for survivors with their
bare hands trying to recover the body of
a shop owner trapped under the rubble
with his wife she was taken out a life
this woman was lucky to more than forty
hours after the quake struck she was
rescued from the debris of her house the
rescue operation has been here at this
mosque where initial reports said that
tens of people were buried under the
rubble so far two have been found alive
but no more science of life have been
detected and rescue workers say that a
lack of heavy equipment is seriously
hampering the chances of finding anyone
alive after two days of digging and
searching rescue workers have stopped
the operation Peluso Alison kami Budokan
elaborate we really really need heavy
equipment like excavators I don't know
why they're not here that's not our
responsibility we've brought all our own
equipment finally an excavator arrives
at another mosque where cries for help
were heard hours after the quake for two
days relatives had tried to get rescue
teams to look for people in the rubble
but help may have come too late because
no one
been found alive step fasten aljazeera
permanent Lombok
