there were Flags posters and t-shirts
showing venezuela's President but the
man himself was a no-show at a
pro-government rally in Caracas the few
hundred supporters had gathered less
than 48 hours after Nicolas Maduro had
been targeted by what the military says
were missile Laden drones speaking from
the presidential palace
Maduro repeated his accusation that
Colombia's president was behind the
assassination attempt Juan Manuel Santos
has said that Maduro is at the end of
his days and if it's said by Juan Manuel
Santos who is a member of the killer
Colombian oligarchy what can you expect
Maduro is hosting an outdoor rally for
the National Guard when according to
security forces two drones were launched
towards the stage one fell onto an
apartment building the other was
diverted according to the government
Colombia's president dismissed
allegations he was involved in the
attack historic cordon line there are
accusations that I am with the
Venezuelan right-wing plotting to
assassinate the president of Venezuela
by god I say to the president of
Venezuela that on Saturday I was on much
more important things
I was baptizing my granddaughter
Venezuela's economy is collapsing with
most of the population and during
widespread food and medicine shortages
president Maduro says right-wing
plotters in the US and Colombia are
trying to bring him down bernhard smith
al jazeera
