I am for me okay and you're in the
stream three journalists from EU Member
States have been brutally murdered in
the past year causing some industry
experts to wonder whether this is the
start of a trend we'll explore each of
these cases and what they mean for the
future of press freedom in the region
but first here's Al Jazeera's launce Li
with more
Victoria Mehra Nova looks like the
latest grim statistic in the dangerous
world of journalism her body discovered
in the Bulgarian town where she was
investigating the corrupts misuse of
European Union funds she joins the likes
of Daphne Cara Juana Galicia blown up
near her home in Malta by a car bomb
John Cusack shot dead outside his home
in Slovakia punitive runs at over 90
percent most people think it's it's
likely they'll get away with killing a
journalist and what often happens is
maybe the killer gets caught but the
intellectual mastermind the person who
planned it the person who paid for it
the person who instructed it they get
away scot-free and indeed many of them
become political leaders in different
countries around the world or certainly
people with a high up in business or
high up in corporation not only is there
a dwindling political defense of free
reporting but increasingly an apparent
acceptance that digging for stories may
result in physical harm so what can be
done to ensure accountability in each of
these investigations and of course
protect journalism working to expose
corruption to help us explore these
questions will enforce Lee joins us now
from London William is the media freedom
representative for the association of
European journalists he's also the
international director for freedom of
the media at the University our shelled
and with the latest on the murder
Veronica Amara Nova and to clean the
debate about whether her murder was tied
to her work after loose to burn off is
the editor-in-chief of bavuji that's an
online newspaper he's also an outgoing
board member of the organized crime and
corruption reporting project or o CCR P
this good gentlemen to have you hidden
stream unfortunately for a very tragic
story
enos first of all what do we actually
know about the murder itself what have
you been able to glean what do you feel
is actually true what we know from the
authorities that the murder is and and
this statement not related to the work
of Victoria manuever diapered I suspect
a young person from from gypsy minority
who was drunk and under drugs when she
did this but it's still not clear what
are his motives so we're waiting to know
more about her about his motives and
details of the investigation so what
kind of what did Victoria do what kind
of TV journalist was she so she was a TV
host she was not investigative
journalist technically she was hosting a
show his previous show was more a
lifestyle show but talent to more social
problems and more acute journalism you
know exposing exposing problems in the
society and she was very engaged with
with people with disabilities if you
look at this t-shirt she was wearing
with the black t-shirt saying the system
is killing us this is the t-shirt were
invited by by the mothers of children
with disabilities who fight to have a
fair fair treatment by the state so she
was really engaged and and the last the
last show she prepared it's 9:20 Tector
was turned to investigative journalism
and she plant because with her team to
make it an investigative journalism show
and in the first show she invited two
journalists one from our website and 100
mania partner for most GMP that they
were working together investigation with
you so she's looking into corruption
there
you're looking she's not looking too
into corruption and I think she was very
sensible to this because she said it in
her last words on the TV show we don't
think she should choose well she she she
was not investigative journalist like
what I'm doing today which is talking to
people about corruption and talking
about investigation exactly let me do
let me just bring this in here because
we've got lots of comments about what
happened to Victoria and this one comes
in from dr. Rutter's vet sir
and she says Bogoria has been ranked
111th in the world based on press
freedom by reporters without borders
around worse than all the ue you
countries and all balkan countries which
are aspiring members harassment is
common William then we just bring you
into the conversation here okay can we
make a connection here between what may
have happened to Victoria because she
was a journalist and the reporting
atmosphere in Bulgaria I think I'm just
gonna bring in William here cuz I'm
interested in his thoughts I come right
back to you okay have William yeah okay
I think the suspicions immediate
suspicions that jumping to conclusion in
a sense about the killing of Victoria
ananova arises from two things one is
the large number of contract killings
against journalists in Europe in the
last couple of years and going back to
Anna Politkovskaya in Russia more than
15 years ago by me and the other is you
know the fact that this invested the
investigations into systemic EU fraud of
EU monies going to Bulgaria is a story
that goes back many years and clearly
many people in top political positions
I've got a lot to answer for and they
are accused this they're accused many
times of covering up and they're making
accusing and excluding journalists to
investigate and indeed
you know making making their own kind of
private kleptocracy in a sense based on
EU funds so that public suspicion is
very high
they've been very big public
demonstrations not only recently over
Marino it was killing but over the over
the last couple of years let me just
show a couple of things to you audience
so watching this right now this is Marie
ESPA robas tweet Maria is a journalist
who's worked for Al Jazeera from time to
time and I'm just going to show you some
of how the public's been reacting to
Victoria's death here with vigils and an
Elizabeth has an interesting comment to
make I'm just going to wind up this
little section right here Elsa says
journalists are facing a plethora of
changes working in a climate of
political instability and a mirror
system that meanders between that post
communist rejection of any government
control or policy interventions and
desire to follow Western journalistic
norms and trends I have to tell you that
Victoria's show that she started where
she was looking into investigation is
and corruption is going to continue even
though Victoria has passed away that is
her legacy earthliness thank you very
much we will keep an eye on this
investigation William I'm going to ask
you to stick around with us as we move
our discussion to Slovakia and the
deaths of journalists a Yan and kuzey AK
and his partner Martina Kasner over who
were killed in February now at the time
al Jazeera Charlotte Bell is reporting
on the nature of his work oh look whose
ear had been investigating suspected
corruption between the Italian mafia and
people close to Prime Minister Robert
Feker young kuzey AK exposed the
activities of people connected to the
Italian mafia and their business in
Slovakia especially when it comes to the
drawdown of EU funds various government
contracts suspicions of tax fraud
blackmailing in Europe that's a danger
for democracy we are to declare a state
of emergency for democracy in Europe so
mounting public pressure and calls for
justice eventually led to the
resignation of the vampire minister
robert fico and his gun
and in September prosecutors charged
three people with a killing of Kodiak
and Costner over three Sullivan is the
editor and co-founder that previously
mentioned OCC RP he joins us from Surrey
ovo welcome drew I'm wondering if in
this case is this a win is it set is
this justice here because an
administration had to step down well
it's it's the administration stepped
down but the mere SD party is still in
charge so Robert feet says political
party is still in charge and still
controlling things so so it really
hasn't changed they've you know changed
the faces but it's still the same power
structure can you remind us because
these are stories that we don't always
notice these these killings of
journalists in different parts of the
world looking in EU countries are going
underneath the radar what happened to
you and what happened to his partner
well yarn was reporting was looking into
you know Robert feet shows a assistant
who worked for previously to him with
the Italian mafia and so he was
investigating the Andromeda its ties to
the Sameer political party its ties to
the power structure looking at there the
use of European funds in farm subsidies
and electrical you know green power
subsidies and how they had amassed a
large amount of money over seventy
million dollars from these types of
funds and so he was really looking at
the the the classic area that gets you
in trouble which is that nexus of
organized crime and political corruption
and that's really the most dangerous
place to be and in the sense you know
journalists like jaan they're really
Canaries in a coal mine
because when you've got these really
serious nexuses you know operating you
know that that you don't the public may
not know about them and so in a reporter
like jaan ventures into that territory
and gets killed we realize that the
corruption and the problems are much
more severe than we thought let me share
this with you I think
it's different now when we look at these
these murders of journalists is that
there is a community of journalists or
RIE around the public who care about the
work all Riley around often by a hashtag
so there's all for Yan and there's Peter
body who's using that hashtag and Peter
says more than 300 journalists signed a
statement expressing dissatisfaction
with the investigation of the murder of
Jana and Martina as well as political
changes in the Slovak Republic how much
pressure is this continuing to put on
the administration or on the authorities
well we we love to think that it's
putting a lot of pressure on the
authorities but really there there isn't
I mean the whole investigation is being
controlled by you know the ruling
parties there and so they they pretty
much can control who gets you know
charged with things and who doesn't so
you know Yan was working with with us on
this last story before he died and you
know what we understand is that that you
know the Andromeda mafia is embedded in
you know large parts of Europe and they
go into places like Eastern Slovakia
which are not particularly democratic or
sophisticated places and they're easily
with large amounts of money able to
build an infrastructure in these areas
that you know fund political parties and
you know pay off policemen and other
government officials and so it's a it
really is a toxic environment that's
very difficult to report in and then a
lot of the media in in Slovakia and in
other places you know a good example is
Adonis's Bulgaria are controlled by
oligarchs and by people who are close to
the political power structures so it's
really not a good environment for
journalists right now and it's very
dangerous to operate gonna say I think
the idea that drew was talking about a
kind of state capture effectively then
all the authorities the the political
leaders the the judiciary the police and
above all the investigators are kind of
opening it together
so although a few suspects have actually
been arrested
Slovakia of course the the suspicion is
that in the end you know the hitmen may
may may or may not be charged but the
masterminds wrote and what we're seeing
is this kind of atmosphere of impunity
and of the kind of new new kind of
autocracy spreading in a sense from
Russia and the former Soviet Union and
it's getting desperately close now it's
inside the European Union and we'll see
from stories in Malta and so on how
similar things are happening like the
one that happened for example to Maxim
Borodin earlier this year in Russia and
a couple of others the year before he
was thrown or anyway he he fell from a
fifth floor balcony he was investigating
corruption in the highest levels of the
Russian state and mercenaries operating
Russian mercenaries in Syria the kind of
thing that governments don't want
exposed castellon similar things
happening in Turkey and it's now
becoming rather pervasive I want to
bring up register to wrap up here drew a
politico page and it's yang cozy hats
last story italian mafias tentacles
reach into slavic politics just so that
people who are watching this right now
can see the kind of reporting he was
doing and the kind of reporting that got
him into trouble
through sovereign thank you editor and
co-founder of the occ RP finally we had
to mortar and the anniversary of daphne
coruña Galicia Samer der my co-host
malika Bulow on tuesday sent us this
report from Valletta
in her car
doesn't mean it now today protesters
campaigners journalists in international
or gathered here and the left of the
Capitol
not enough has-been
the Maltese government has offered a 1
million euro reward to anyone who can
provide information useful to the
investigation but Daphne's family
remains skeptical about its commitment
to resolving the case her son Matthew
recently told the independent newspaper
it appears that absolutely nothing is
happening when we ask for updates
the response from prosecutor was to mock
us publicly in Paris France to explain
the situation and to demand to obtain
justice for Daphne Laurent Richard is
the founder and executive director of
forbidden stories and that is a
collaborative journalism Network working
on behalf of journalists who are
threatened jailed or killed worldwide
Lauren it's good to have you in this
conversation I'm going to start
straightaway live on YouTube people
watching YouTube right now we've got
venom amis on YouTube
Daphne coruña Galicia was one of the
most well-known journalists in water
working to expose corruption and
criminal activity I've also heard her
described as a one-woman Wikipedia or
wiki leaks dictionary a one-woman wiki
leaks how would you talk about her to
people who don't know her work well good
evening Daphne was a fearless reporter
she was one of the very unique free
voice voices in in Malta in this tiny
area and where there is a high level of
corruption and she was very yes she was
a fearless investigative reporter she
was publishing very critical stories for
the public opinion and not only for the
multis opinion not only for the multi
citizens but for European citizens she
was investigating critical issue such as
organized crime corruption and money
laundering and she was very very learned
she was facing a lot of threats just
before being killed she was facing 56
libel cases just against her so that
tell you about the environment and this
ecosystem in Malta and how difficult it
is to do to be an investigative
journalist in this island in the middle
of European Union so my colleague Malika
was actually reporting from mortis who
actually wasn't reporting the water she
was on vacation in water which is often
how people think about water as a vague
patience fought somewhere to go to enjoy
the weather enjoy the Mediterranean so
there's a disconnect between what mortar
is like if you live there and what mod
is like when you visit there can you
explain that yeah and that's a problem I
think we need to reconnect what with
what Martha is multi sir is a country
we're in the middle of Europe which is a
member state and where you can find a
lot a lot of corruption with the Panama
papers we were able to know and to
discover that staff member inside the
government do have some bank account on
some offshore company there's TV plays
even with with all this investigation
from many journalists all over the world
so this is a kind of of country where
there is a high level of infinity we are
right now one year after the killing of
DAF day and there were two people
arrested and we don't know we still
don't know who is the mastermind but we
know one thing that the official
investigation doesn't go so far too far
so that's a kind of problem and as a
reporter we were running in forbidden
stories a massive collaborative
investigation with 45 reporters from 80
news again organization based in 15
countries we did ask some interviews
from the Maltese government and nobody
there to answer or some questions nobody
accept any kind of interview with us and
this is kind of problem in a democracy
where people need to answer a question
from journalists because we are working
for the public interest
Isobel says on on Twitter she's in water
right now it's so easy to kill a woman
particularly a vocal woman who disagrees
with one's views in water
I was thinking also of the Irish
investigative journalist Veronica Guerin
who was shot by a motorcyclist through
the window of her car at traffic lights
near Dublin that is a horrible way to
die though the way that Daphne died as
well would you mind just recapping that
for us it's a horrible thing to explain
but I think it's important for everyone
to know absolutely because the kind of
killing it's it's really important to
describe because they did not only kill
Daphne they they they they place a bomb
under the seat of the car or
Daphne it was in the beginning of the
afternoon she said goodbye to her son
and then the explosion happened she died
immediately but by by killing her like
that they were not only killing Daphne
come on again it's an investigative
reporter they were sending a strong
signal to many people in Europe that we
can do this like that we can use a bomb
in the middle of European and kill an
investigative journalist we still don't
know who killed Daphne we still don't
know who is a mastermind we don't have
the evidence of who is the mastermind as
a reporter but we we still need to get
the government talking and answering us
on some very critical information and
the Daphne project was not only about
investigating the killing but we did
think that it's very important to
complete the work of Daphne and to and
to think about the story she was working
and to continue work Rebecca Vincent
says this William I've put this one to
you for justice for Daphne would mean
every single person involved in the
planning facilitating and carrying out
of her assassination would be identified
and prosecuted to the full extent of the
law and protection ensured for
journalists continue to do investigative
reporting in mortar how realistic is
that it shouldn't be that difficult in
an EU country or in any country really
it doesn't really matter if you're in
the EU or not I'm just gonna bring him
William here just to see what he's
perspective Italy go ahead William well
I mean you talk to people in Malta who
know about the situation there and there
is a complete veil of silence the police
investigators have every possible lead
they have witnesses who can talk about
the movements of the people who were
arrested they know exactly how it was
done by a remote control from a boat off
shore at this time and that that they
visited the house overnight these things
are clearly in the public domain is
actually a film they're made by an
Italian director which spills out the
story what's happening here is that the
because of the political politicization
of the judiciary and the police it's
impossible to get at the aides get at
the story and the worst thing of all
is that the institutions of Europe the
EU in particular effectively are
allowing this to continue even though
they have rule of law expeditions there
and they're now investigating at last
the corruption in the banking system it
doesn't touch the basic problem and so
the government's like Malta can go on
trusting in their own impunity because
they're not held to account by other
countries we've had summit question
tonight right yes we we need to talk
about this this impute in Malta or this
infinity in all the country cannot
happen if we were having some
institution in Europe who were strong on
corruption issues on organized crime and
probably they are to lacked on that and
that's why we we have some journalists
who have been killed because they are in
investigating the very serious and
critical stories for the public opinion
and now we have an infinity situation in
Malta we have a lot of European
environment consider Europe statement
but the situation is still on place for
the people are still in charge in power
so that's that's that's a problem I want
to ask you very quick I want to very
quickly because we're running out of
time on this show and it's very very
important looking at my laptop everybody
forbidden stories it's dedicated to
journalists who were assassinated while
they were doing their work this is an
interesting project that you've been
working on and you've also got the
daphne project one year after in a
sentence
can you explain what we will see if we
go here well we've forbidden stories is
a non-profit collaborative platform
devoted to continue the work of
assassinated and jail reporters we do
think that if journalists are dying for
some stories we need to focus on the
stories because probably they are very
relevant to the public interest so
basically we are continuing that so we
should thank you so much right out of
time but we will not forget these
journalists and we will come back to you
Lauren is the founding executive
director forbidden stories we cannot do
a show about journalists in peril and
and press freedom without mentioning
adizero is very omar bird who's saying
you'll see
here on my laptop he remains detained
without charge for 687 days in Egypt
stay tuned for al-jazeera updates an
always demand press freedom thanks for
watching see you online
you
