I'm for me okay you're in the stream
today as a controversial registry cookie
four million people in India stateless
we asked why
Twitter's your thoughts and YouTube can
be right here in the street the
citizenship of four million people in
India's Assam region is in limbo after
their names were left off a recent draft
of the country's national register of
citizens or NRC supporters of the
registry say that it helps identify
illegal immigrants who've crossed
India's porous border with Bangladesh
but opponents say the list is
politically motivated and a way for the
ruling BJP to maintain a Hindu majority
in the state Muslims make up one third
of asam's population so joining us from
India to talk about all of this we have
Rana Ayub she's journalist and a writer
summer job buttered Shira is the chief
adviser and spokesperson for the US and
Students Union among us and Assamese
resident and we also have Pawan Kara
he's a spokesman for the Indian National
Congress party good to have you here
everybody Rana if you could explain to
outsiders what the National Registry for
citizens actually is in Assam how would
you do it I mean this is a register just
evolved over decades you know kind of
figuring out who I mean kind of
understanding who the who the immigrants
in Assam are now Assam has seen a
maximum influx of migrants from
Bangladesh since the 1971 war who have
stayed in a sample for generations their
families have stayed here and this is an
ethnic conflict and over a period of
time while political parties have kind
of stoped this conflict for communal
purposes in 1983 we saw one of the worst
massacres against Muslims the dinelli
Misaka which when partition stoked
communal tensions you know in a in a
predominantly ethnic you know ethnic
divide what we are seeing right now the
NCR the national you know
it is a very arbitrary process because
now you have it's being called as
perhaps about the biggest disinterring
chunk I mean exercise we're in close to
4 million have been left out of the list
some of them include the family members
of the former President of India these
include army men it seems to be a very
arbitrary process also this issue has
become you know more than the ethnic
divide more than they sure about
somebody who is a summation na nasibis
as it stands in the present day it has
been made in to ensure who is a Muslim
Ben Gurion who Shingo Bengali Ronen I am
NOT going to allow you to debate the
entire conversation all by yourself but
thank you that's a sterling introduction
I'm on I'm just trying to think about
that there's something about the state
of a son that people really need to know
the the breakdown of the different
ethnicities how would you say that in
short hands of people outside understand
yes so the state of a son is so the
current debate revolves around who
actually isn't as nice and innocent yes
yes exactly and and this is something
that has been happening for quite some
time
and like unfortunately as I think like
even you might just be aware of the fact
that it's a part of the country which
has often been neglected or like you
know it's not a part of the mainland
India it's from the northeastern region
so there is a very few people who are
actually aware of the ethnic composition
of the state of Assam as I as amis is
also a language which we speak but SME
doesn't identify speakers who only speak
that language it includes a lot of
tribes hoods stained uh like even if I
am NOT wrong there are 20 listed tribes
who reside in the state of Assam at the
same time there are parolee speaking
population and over time a lot of Hindi
speaking as well as Marathi speaking
population of also venture industry and
I must be very clear over here
the cilenti language which is often
associated with the Bengali Muslims or
the if so called immigrants is also one
of the language that's been spoken in
the sound part part of a song so the
true essence of an SMS community is not
just the people who speak as it is but
also people who have been residing there
for ages for centuries and
all combined all tribes all linguistic
groups the mind together to form the SES
community savage ah I want to share a
tweet here this week comes from Aaron
and Alan says the official rationale for
the NRC is that illegal immigrants have
altered the demographics of a some but
there's no reliable data despite census
and straight border control it's hard to
understand their logic do you understand
the need for there to be a register so
you can actually say you are Indian or
you're not Indian
yes well the National Register of
citizen of Assam is not not a new
document after after India got
independence in 47 the National Register
of citizen of 1951 was repaired as by
this as for the first sensors of the of
India so it in 1951 energy as prepared
as part in sensor support constant
support of our country so for a national
register of citizen is not a new
document it was pre-cleared in 1951 now
but it was not updated now it is updated
as far the Assam Accord you know there
was a there was a historic or some
movement to solve these facts for
Henderson and problem of in Assam and
after did history kasam movement the
Assam Accord was signed and you will get
a some moment more than 855 people have
sacrificed their life there the markers
that they are someone but thousands
become physically handicapped people
have people has sacrificed a lot and
after that the Assam Accord was signed
in between comment of India government
over something all are some Swedish
Union and although some gonna say
grandpa listen so much if I if I know
because there's a lot of history here
and I'm just going to help us out so we
can move the conversation on a little
bit so this document is not new but
people now are being asked to produce
their documents to prove that they are
actually Indian power and let me just
bring you into the conversation here
this is what Jerusalem has to say that
the Assam state hasn't negotiated
anything with Bangladesh the neighbor to
take refugees or migrants back so why
would you actually have even a draft
list that you are publishing because
that causes people to
be very fearful about what might happen
to them see there is a reason why we are
updating the NRC as it is called this
was a commitment made under the Accord
which brought to end of conflict which
took a lot of lives and therefore the
need to honor that commitment in this
was made in 1985 in 2005 it has a long
journey
several litigations 2005 the Congress
government revived the the issue of NRC
yeah again litigations but power one was
from the community member was what what
provisions have you made with the
neighboring Bangladesh because if if
some people decided you're not India and
you don't have the documents why are
they gonna go now that's a very ticklish
question and a very difficult question I
don't think you will get answers from
the government I am from the opposition
though you will not get answers even
from the government because why because
yeah there are there are UN treaties
that we are signatories off Bangladesh
is already more than indicated that they
are not willing to take them back they
haven't said it in as many words but
they have said it that well it's an
internal matter of India and I must tell
you that we have several illegal
immigrants Indian illegal immigrants in
UK which India is to take back so it's a
it's a contradiction in terms but I
would not like to give any suggestion it
has to be the government the government
must come out with the strategy they
should they've not yet called all
parties together all political parties
all stakeholders together when the list
is finally ready what is the way out
what does the government plan to do is
something which we all have to put our
heads together and if the ball is in the
court of this government of the day they
must call everybody they must involve
all the stakeholders and find out the
way it's not it's not so easy just I'm
talking you I'm gonna go straight to you
it feels like the horses before the cut
of carts before the horse right now
because the strategy isn't there yet
some adult Butthead yeah yeah you see
it's a legal process it's a transparent
process and it is monitored by the
Supreme Court of India that's very
important and it's it's a question of
citizen and non citizen other people who
have entered illegally into India stay
here but in India is for Indians as some
is for Indians and who decides always
interview here illegally
yeah Assam and India is not for illegal
foreigners that's really clear in years
for Indians as some is for Indians in
Assam in India is not not for illegal
holiness these are people when I say
that one more time could someone who
decides who decides it was an illegal
immigrant I mean these are people who
have embellished Asami's culture they
have stayed here for generations you
cannot really throw people overnight
from the from a land they call their own
what is the process I mean that has to
come into the exam I Quintus in this
context House Committee also it has the
government explain what is the procedure
are they going to be sent to detention
centers are they going to be deported I
mean international law says that if
there are citizens I mean if there are
individuals whose citizenship
you know it's an estate of dilemma is
not decided they cannot be sent into
detention centers they cannot be sent to
prisons what is the game plan at the end
what a word is the plaintiff action of
the Indian government has for these four
million people Bangladesh has shown no
intention to take them on board I mean I
mean India has already played you know
could see with with with the Rohingya
refugees
I mean India's basic India's in india's
line of action india's entire intention
to be xavi migrants i think the ruling
government has really displayed no moral
compass in the present day issue you're
not expecting four million people to
find a solution to a problem they have
not been able to find out what they used
to find it next one month i hear you
just do one of the term so i can hear
you very clearly online you go first go
ahead
i'ma go ahead yeah yeah this is from a
perspective of someone who is just an
average consumer of news or someone who
has lived in the south the problem that
I see these days is a lot of
people who are talking about this whole
issue have never been really been in the
state of Assam or have never really
experienced the problems that we have
faced we a state that is adverse to
natural calamities we are a state that
is adverse to a lot of other issues
economic growth included in a the
problem is that it's it's a continuous
process the influx is it has been
happening since 1971 and it's still
happening the porous border is still
there and it's vulnerable for us to have
people coming in all the time
yes it's familiar I understand like you
know tourism there's no single plan as
to how do you go for detention and
that's something which I think it's
beyond my capability to like you know
give a solution so what I feel at this
point of time is that if my identity is
a threat if I am concerned first process
that I would go for is to identify who
is who if I see a settlement coming
overnight on a land right next to me I
would like to know who these people are
so I said our it's watching you know
they know that you are as amazing and so
you feel that your culture your identity
is at risk because of other people being
in your state what is at risk
what are you losing what do you feel
you're losing right now I come from the
most interior regions of Assam I come
from I have my generation my generation
of family upstate they're in that
village Wow
we speak a particular Thailand as amis
also has numerous dialects we speak a
particular language and we know the
different other types of language that
means poking around when you see over
time in the last 10 to 20 years
the number of people speaking a
different dialect or something just
similar to something across the border
is increasing or we see if settlements
coming up overnight is something that
returns us I see that that's a very
that's a very clear example thank you
pollen concern as the leading opposition
party you've been here as an architect
of energy I would say our concern is the
manner in which it is being done
that's our objection there's
generational poverty there is
generational illiteracy loss of
documents through annual funding running
so all these aspects need to be focused
on there is the vice-chancellor of form
of Isis
whose name is missing hundreds of
thousands of such examples where people
who everybody knows belong here are
missing now amlong says that the
outsiders there be people who come on
tear states are never complete you can't
continue treating them as Outsiders
after all they've been working on your
tea estates on your palms in your
markets for ages for generations so you
need to distinguish who is and wanna ask
a very correct question how do you
distinguish documents is one aspect
there 14 categories of documents and
then there is a legacy data all that is
not so easy for an illiterate person and
let me give you that summer job so much
on coming right sometime coming right to
you let me just give our audience a
example of the documentation from the
government of a son these are the
admissible documents so there's a first
requirement so here's a list of
documents here a second requirement
another list of documents and points to
remember obviously this will be in
various different local language that
people can actually understand it that
is our lot for somebody to take on if
they didn't go to school if they are
having trouble or if they even they just
having to work for a living I don't have
time to run around to get all the
documents I need in just one month Sammy
Jo go ahead would you have to add so for
your improvements in the data protection
of illegal foreigner in India is 1948
but in case of Osama subsonic Islamic
what the 71 is the cap appear that means
from 48 to 71 I'm gonna bring you up to
date because I'm not gonna do history
I'm gonna do current it for you right
now let me show you something and then
you can respond this is a woman who last
week found out that she wasn't on the
draft list so she potentially may not be
a citizen of India although she's lived
there she's grown up there have a listen
to what she has to say go ahead let's
play that well go to God bucket over
here fool I'm extremely upset my health
is getting worse man if I don't get
justice my children will be treated as
citizens of India if my name doesn't
appear in the NRC less than their nails
will not appear either this woman is
distraught semaj anak
be up to 4 million people maybe in this
same situation go ahead you know yeah so
even those who have been turned up to 71
he may be Hindu he may me Muslim their
name will be an arson they are it's very
clear and it is monitored by the Supreme
Court of India I am repeating again it's
a legal process it's a transparent
process and it is monitored by the
Supreme Court of India nobody should
fear who have been turned up to 71
Hindus and Muslims their name will be
the updated NRC this more 271 days is
really about yeah they must be out of
because yeah I really very clearly
Nabeel our mind says this on Twitter I'm
gonna put this to you Rana these
unfortunate people will be victim of
political games then they will be
assimilated as a gesture of kindness and
to show how progressive and welcoming
India is so this looks like the bill
sees that they've got me a happy ending
to this and not mass deportations Rana
well I mean I could not agree more with
Nabil that in the end I mean there could
be a situation where the Indian company
will you know perhaps a year later once
the additions are over say that he we we
have decided to take everybody in our
food and we are a generous country but
the unfortunate bit is if it was
something to do if the government was
really concerned about the migrant
status and about culture and ethnicity
of Assamese it would not be using it as
an election issue I mean the the the
president of the ruling party in India
went to inaugurate railway station with
her pradesh and he's talking about
immigrants in immigrants in our salmon
how he has thrown out Bangladeshi in
feel free in potato
Twitter's when the Prime Minister of
India when he was about to assume power
in 2014 he stoped the sentiment again
when he was about to you know for the
election saying that we are going to
throw out every Bangladeshi immigrant
out of Assam then he also gave a bizarre
argument saying that Assamese rhinoceros
are being killed to make way for bound
of the she immigrants I mean these are
the kind of sentiments you are stoking
in a Sam to create a kind of conflict at
the end of the day it boils down to a
communal game which you are going to use
this is nobody's really concerned about
the NCRR migrants here a monk I have
what we saying yes I agree to a lot of
points by Donna and as well as far one
has to on the process that you know
there has been a lot of issues whose
will talk to the process in fact to be
very honest my name
wasn't included in the host of my
parents names were there my sisters
names were there I had to go to a center
and I had to tell them you know what my
sister who is five years younger to me
is in a list and my parents is name and
it so it's a long process and it's yes I
understand I'm not I hope you do realize
your privilege here I hope you do
realize a privilege here that not many
as privileged as you and how not many as
I asked privilege are Isaac as educated
belong to the Indian middle class set up
there who are cancer patients complete
my statement what I was saying is there
but the real reason why I am speaking
here is that I want the nation to
identify this issue what why did it take
so long that look when only the final
draft of the NRC was published and when
we have when four million lives were at
stake that you know their destitution
she could go away the nation starts
talking about the immigrant nation why
wasn't this being discussed for why is
it was to be me I have a point to add to
what I'm lambda said ahead we cannot
label anybody an illegal immigrant at
this stage we are politics baby whatever
it is as a responsible political parties
we should stop labeling them as illegal
immigrants at this stage this is just
the first stage there are two more
stages for verification but when the
president of the ruling party act
irresponsibly and call them illegal
immigrants the foot soldiers get a
license to start calling them names to
start treating them as foreigners which
can be a very dangerous thing which we
should you know it should really be
avoided and then the politics starts you
know its own the power plays that start
happening there's no reaction from
somebody else that's something which we
need to avoid as responsible political
parties some it out but yeah but but we
should be very clear there is a threat
to the identity of the language culture
or be indigenous people of Assam it's a
question of citizen intensity there it's
not a question I'm Hindu Muslim non
citizen non-indian cannot say in Assam
Thomas for Indian citizen that's very
clear and which which led to this a Nazi
Samuel I completely understand your
I agree with - in fact 1985 accord
between also Center and said was exactly
on these lines haven't said that let's
all act responsibly and let's not jump
the gun and start calling people illegal
immigrants because it's yep we should
not be playing with this kind of
sentiment we should not stop sentiments
like this let's wait the process
let's direction oxygen is going wrong
the process and let's also figure out
what next
once the list is prepared what happens
then to those people who do not find
that list after all we are also we are
not a phenomenal power power you make
national when you make a very good point
summer John let me just ask this to you
some of the hold hot I'm going straight
to you
what do you do if after the final list
has been published they were let's say
three million people who are deemed to
be Indian they don't have the
documentation do you want to happen to
them some is not a dumping ground
I love the new only good voice so early
in the morning in India okay
some let me just put this let me put
this point to you what if you don't have
your documentation you are Indian you
don't have your paperwork should that
person those people also be deported
what if they served in the commie not at
all I'm telling you those who have been
fed up to 71 he may be mean Hindu he may
be Muslim their names will be in the
updated NRC as because it is for it is
monitored by the Supreme Court of India
it's very important it's a legal process
if transparent process monitored by the
Supreme Court of India
nobody's appeared where is the design to
give a color it's the anti Muslim which
aunty Hindu and the manganese
it is it is against illegal foreigner
which is very clear on that point let me
put this to you let me put this I hear
you you've made a very strong strident
point Rana let me put this to you here
um it says Islamophobia and racism is a
big problem in India the government is
sitting and watching it all happening
and taking no actions 2019 is the
election should we be connecting the
dots between what's happening and Assam
right now and the election next year
this has never been issue about an
ethnic conflict this has never been an
issue about the NRC the issue is about
labeling a community as outsiders
infiltrators which which is which which
the present-day politicians which the
Prime Minister his second-in-command
have made it very obvious otherwise
there was no reason and after as Sam the
president of the ruling party is saying
that they will repeat a similar exercise
in West Bengal the neighboring state you
I mean and as as achievement of the
ruling state in this wing Khalsa the you
are in a wave trying to start a civil
war in India what if countries are
coming you I mean this is Islamophobic I
mean it's Islamophobic not by intent but
but to stop pure that the Muslims and
Outsiders I go to come and come to India
and ruin your culture these are people
who are we staying here for day or for
generations in a sentence yes I hear you
but our audience did not hear you I'm
gonna get a hold tight if you ever watch
Indian TV we are we are definitely we're
jamming it right now okay everybody hold
tight how much time do we have I think
we have about 30 seconds all right
online
your one sentence to end what is it it
is definitely an issue of ethnicity yes
it's been tried it's being painted with
a political way it's been created at the
linguistic one but calling it like as
long as it it's it's it's it's
definitely an issue of ethnic on ethnic
identity I hear you Emlyn thank you
Pawan semaj Rana thank you very much
audience watching our online community
let me leave you with this comment for
Nilay Patel millions of Indians living
illegally in many countries across the
globe if their respective governments
start sending them back do we have
enough space and jobs to accommodate
them party should come together and
resolve this issue what do you have to
add you can always find us online at AJ
stream on Twitter I will see you there
thanks for watching everybody
take care
