the new local congressman from San Luis
Mexico out to meet his constituents he's
unlike any politician they've seen
before
a chav abanda street kid just like them
made good for some Pedro Cali Salas
nicknamed el Micah's is a blueprint the
incoming government on how they can
rescue young people drawn to crime
his body's a patchwork of tattoos and
knife cuts product of a life of violence
and drug addiction until he hit bottom
why not buy that you know Scalia my star
my left my mother was sick with kidney
failure they called me and I was
drinking with my crew thinking tomorrow
she'll be okay and she died and I didn't
get to say goodbye and to kill the pain
I jumped in front of cars I tried to
hang myself from a tree in my garden I
was taking cocaine all the time
I was 24 years old that was the turning
point he sought help a Christian mentor
who gave him his first job he in turn
says he gained a faith and a mission to
help San Luis his young and marginalized
I realized there aren't public policies
for the young and that there are lots of
them like me who didn't get to choose
where they live children with dreams
start just like me I wanted to be an
actor so I started to campaign for a
space for them to try and reduce the
fights between gangs he formed an
association and organized football
tournaments dances work programs
hundreds of gang members turned up he
used it to broker peace deals between
them I team as an example to follow that
you can come from the barrio and still
manage to become someone now he's
heading to the local Congress not
everyone's pleased many criticized his
criminal past and doubt his reform
he says he's received threats and was
even briefly kidnapped but he says he
can't let down those in the city's gangs
now his approach chimes with incoming
president and there's Manuel Lopez
Obrador
nationwide plans violence in Mexico is
at record levels and the incoming
administration says the strategy has to
change rather than just confronting
those drawn to organized crime
they say that young people need to be
offered other option
controversially that includes an amnesty
for some low-level gang members no me he
supports that and so far his base seems
to follow him but they have a warning
just don't lose sight of who you are
remember it's better to be remembered as
a good person than to have a street
named after you that's a test for Ali
he's and the rest of the incoming
government will they bring the social
change they promise or succumb to their
newfound political power John Holman
al-jazeera
San Luis Potosi
