it is a rustic landscape of peaks and
paddy fields a country seemingly at odds
with the modern world less than two
generations ago Bhutan had a subsistence
economy
now it's hoping to graduate from the
UN's list of least developed countries
to a developing one more manageable than
other places but there's globalization
there's this explosion of media there's
forces beyond our control and we have
been in that pried open prized open
Bhutan became a democracy in 2008 under
the orders of the previous king it's a
change the country still getting used to
polling stations have been set up even
in the remotest corners of the country
voters will choose from one of two
parties there's very little politically
that separates them including their
names the DPT returns first ever ruling
party and the dmt political newcomers
it's really at the crossroad because we
are a new party what we are offering
people is that we must strengthen
democracy and when I say when we say we
must strengthen democracy we must
strengthen the bridge between the people
and the government we are looking at
firstly bridging the development gap
then we are looking at income gap then
it's gender gap then it's generation gap
and then we are also we also have a
strong social agenda we believe in doing
what is right and not what is popular
both parties also want to protect the
driving force of Bhutan's economy
hydropower it accounts for a quarter of
the country's national income most of
which is sold as electricity to
neighboring India economic growth is led
to better health care and education it's
improved roads created more business
opportunities and Industry but there's
also a fierce political debate on how
best to balance this economic growth
with protecting the environment and
boots hands unique cultural heritage
nature is the backbone of the economy
the hydropower is also responsible for
half of all external loans making Bhutan
the second most indebted nation in Asia
after Japan in proportion to population
since it emerged from international
isolation in the 1960s Putin's gone
through seismic change markets in the
capital are now flooded with food from
India growth is everywhere to be seen
but it could be many more years before
this once secretive nation stands on its
own two feet
Nev Parker al Jazeera Tim poo Bhutan
