this was the moment when two bomb Laden
drones allegedly exploded during a
military parade in Caracas on Saturday
security agents quickly surrounded
president Nicolas Maduro and hustled him
off the reviewing platform meanwhile
Venezuelan soldiers marching in
formation broke and ran in all
directions witnesses described loud
blasts and smoke I looked out and I
started seeing people running and that's
when the device immediately collided
there and everything started coming out
Maduro immediately blamed his right-wing
opponents for the apparent attack
elements of which he said were active in
the United States he also implicated
Colombia's President Juan Manuel Santos
they tried to assassinate me and I have
no doubt that everything points to the
right the Venezuelan ultra-right in
alliance with the Colombian ultra-right
and that the name of Juan Manuel Santos
is behind this attempt Colombia's
foreign affairs ministry called that
accusation absurd and in Washington
President Donald Trump's national
security adviser strongly denied any
u.s. role I can say unequivocally there
is no US government involvement in this
at all it has been widely reported that
Trump repeatedly suggested a military
invasion of Venezuela last year but was
talked out of it by senior officials
Bolton speculated without providing
evidence that Maduro z' government may
itself be responsible for the apparent
drone bombing now with respect to what
happened last afternoon look it could be
a lot of things from a pretext set up by
the Maduro regime itself to something
else on sunday Venezuela's Interior
Minister showed pictures of a type of
drone he claimed was used officials
allege each carried a kilogram of the
plastic explosive c4 we have so far six
terrorists and hitmen detained several
vehicles seized several raids in hotels
have been carried out
our nation's capital were very important
evidence has been gathered Caracas
released pictures of defense minister
vladimir Padrino visiting with seven
soldiers said to be wounded in the
incident anti Maduro political leaders
fear that Maduro rose government will
use the case to justify a harsh
crackdown on the opposition the broad
front opposition coalition tweeted that
the government would take advantage of
the incident quote to criminalize those
who legitimately and democratically
opposed it and deepen the repression and
systematic human rights violations rob
reynolds al jazeera
washington
