activists in indian-administered Kashmir
are rallying against what they see as a
threat to their future article 35 a of
the Indian Constitution prevents
outsiders from settling or owning
property in what they called Jammu
Kashmir state but that's being
challenged in the courts
India's ruling party says article 35 a
entrenches divisions and prevents the
region from integrating Kashmir is
claimed by both India and Pakistan India
has been fighting separatists there for
decades and those seeking independence
changing article 35 a is part of a plot
to solidify Indian control for a long
time they have been trying to you know
dilute the Kashmiri dispute by giving an
impression that the Kashmiri people need
to be assimilated in India culturally
religiously linguistically and this is
an effort towards that the UN
resolutions are very clear that there
has to be a plebiscite in Jammu and
Kashmir and they want to change the
demographic population graph of Jammu
and Kashmir is a Muslim majority state
and what they want is that that they
know that if the Hillary laws are
chained and state subject laws are
changed they could easily you know send
people from India to live in Kashmir
India has a population of more than 1.3
billion people while indian-administered
Kashmir has only 12 million to sum the
threat is as economic as it is political
will lose everything
everything by everything I mean that
others will be entitled to purchase
anything here and they have there they
will be entitled to do business of
everything I mean whether it's to
tourism industry then they can explore
the utilization of minerals so we will
not be left with anything for the
posterity's others fear changing article
35 a could have a direct impact on their
livelihoods so see fat runs a textile
factory he says an influx of newcomers
would kill his business eventually I may
have to shut down my business because
the people from other parts of the
country they will invest in here and my
product will become cheap article 35 a
preserves the fragile status quo in
indian-administered Kashmir separatists
say protests and strikes will escalate
if the court decides to intervene
Fintan Monohan al-jazeera
