Afghan army cadets celebrating their
graduation their excitement may soon
give way to anxiety as the new soldiers
are likely to be sent to the front line
this is my country I must defend I have
no fears I have taken an oath to serve
and defend it this graduation ceremony
in Kabul was held earlier than planned
the army stretched and more soldiers are
needed to secure polling stations
nationwide throughout the years the US
and other countries have spent billions
of dollars training Afghan security
forces to lead operations when all
foreign troops pull out of the country a
goal that has eluded Afghan military
commanders now they are faced with a
harsh reality the Taliban is gaining
more ground and launching more attacks
across the country this is the moment
when Taliban fighters ambushed an army
convoy soldiers respond with a
coordinated assault to kill their
enemies it's only a mock training drill
the reality on the ground is tougher and
unpredictable Taliban commanders have
intensified attacks during election
campaigning to target candidates and
security forces we just asking people to
go polling station in Afghan national
security forces is ready to protect you
and protect the process since the fall
of the Taliban government in Kabul 17
years ago US and NATO troops have played
a crucial role in training and equipping
the Afghan army the goal is to
eventually see Afghan security forces
taking over military operations
nationwide when the ISIF mission ended
there were almost 140,000 NATO troops in
this country we're now down to some
16,000 all the work from the remaining
more than 100,000 has been taken over by
the Afghans
so we are very confident that they can
fulfill their tasks president Donald
Trump has repeatedly said he won't
commit to any plan to expand or prolong
the u.s. military operation in
Afghanistan
that leaves the Afghan army to bear the
brunt of defeating the Taliban and
restoring stability
Hacha barbara al jazeera Kabul
