on a hot day in August people queue to
enter the Regensburg Anka Center right
now this is their home inside a series
of residential blocks makeshift
children's play areas and offices
kitchens with ample space to feed the
hundreds of people expected there are
classrooms where children will be
encouraged to learn German all part of
an effort to ease the worries of people
whose status remains undecided not
working online is either welcome you
didn't come for this they keep telling
me to wait every week every day the
police come to deport people to Finland
Iraq Syria Sweden what is that everyone
is afraid they'll get sick if they stay
in here every day we're stressed about
getting deported we don't need anything
from here I just want to stay here in
Germany and work and make a good life
for myself
in fact this Center has been housing
migrants and refugees for some time
meaning not much is really new here
other than the name analysts say the
principle of the scheme is to bring all
the migrants and the agencies processing
them into one manageable area these
centers were salt as innovation and some
of these elements I think the
centralization of different authorities
in one place could be a good innovation
but to what extent will it happen the
next month have to show something the
man who came up with the plan will be
particularly keen to see the point is to
maintain order while preserving humanity
we need to balance readiness to help
with what is actually possible to
achieve no country can take an unlimited
number of refugees the federal
government clearly believes that
institutions like this one and the other
six being set up are an answer to the
migration crisis but still the question
over civil liberties about the access
people have in these institutions is
something that's really playing on the
mind of many people not least the
families in this Anka Center many of
whom have been living with uncertainty
for a long
time Dominic Cain al-jazeera Regensburg
