police say these people were responsible
for election violence in Harare on
Wednesday the supporters of Zimbabwe as
main opposition party the Movement for
Democratic Change
they've all been charged with inciting
violence and refused bail MDC officials
say the charges are politically
motivated because the government's
trying to prevent a legal challenge to
the result of Monday's election almost
lost the election and after losing the
election he's aware that a large
majority of the people in this country
don't support him and is afraid of them
reacting to that so in order to manage
the population he has to do to arrest
years to throw fear in everyone's heart
and mind president Emerson managua of
the ruling Zanu PF party whose announced
the winner the opposition say about
400,000 votes were added to his count
after the polls closed and that their
candidate nelson cha mesa was the true
winner the international observers are
yet to publish their final report the
Electoral Commission and zanu-pf denies
rigging you don't invite observers so
that you then shoot your own people you
don't do that do you
I think there's been a lot of mischief
people wanted to make sure that this
clean free and fair election is marked
by these acts of sabotage when
parliamentary results were announced
Wednesday opposition supporters disputed
them and protested the army was deployed
in the city six people were shot dead
most of them bystanders cynthia Mimoza
was one of them she was a 53 year old
mother of two eyewitnesses say she was
shot in the back by a soldier while
trying to run away
rights groups say that initially her
purse Morton stated that she died of a
stab wound until their lawyers pressured
government doctors to correct it to say
that she died of a gunshot wound
they say for years they've had problems
properly documenting the death of those
killed by the army or the police and
this is something that hasn't changed
since the days of former leader Robert
Mugabe when he was deposed by the Army
in November a new Zimbabwe was promised
by his successor people here hoped it
would be better than this Malcolm Webb
al-jazeera Harare Zimbabwe
