thus a live broadcast of the ceremony on
national television the camera begins to
shake and president Maduro looks into
the air alongside his wife cilia
flinches as explosion sound before the
feed is cut soldiers who had been on
parade or seeing being in panic and
member reported to be injured in the
blasts early investigation has evidence
that shows there's an attempt on the
constitutional figure at the Venezuelan
republic Nicolas Maduro a group calling
itself los soldados de Ferran Ellis
claimed responsibility in a series of
tweets this one with the phrase time is
running out a few hours after the attack
president Maduro addressed the nation
saying right-wing groups within the
country were responsible but also
accusing the Colombian President Juan
Manuel Santos
of involvement tangling for American Co
kept or I have to inform you that some
of those who carried out the attack
against me today have already been
apprehended and they are now being
processed in not angled over they tried
to assassinate me and I have no doubt
that everything points to the right of
the Venezuelan ultra-right in alliance
with the Colombian ultra-right and that
the name of Juan Manuel Santos is behind
this attempt president Maduro claimed
victory in elections earlier this year
though his political opponents insisted
the process was rigged
many Venezuelans hold him accountable
for a major economic collapse that could
see the inflation rate hit 1 million
percent by the end of the year Mike
Hanna al Jazeera
