ruler as is popularly known will make
Brazil happy again that's the party
slogan
well his supporters believe despite him
serving a 12-year prison sentence they
say they'll keep backing him until all
options to release him are exhausted
he's a political prisoner right now
because there's not in our view there is
not a clear definition of proof that his
guilt we think that his judgment has a
strong political tone and we consider
that he is not he is not a guilt even if
Lula is allowed out an electric court
must decide if he's eligible to stand if
Louie Loras seems like he does not run
in October's elections he's going to be
a difficult man to replace none of the
other 12 candidates even comes close
none of them getting more than 15% in
the opinion polls and many of them far
less than that
but gaining support and attracting
controversy is the military man a year
bullish on our own he tells his audience
what they want to hear they love it
while others are outraged he's expressed
his admiration for Donald Trump and some
have compared him to the US president I
know the discomfort I have caused to
what we called the establishment or the
Machine the system we know that I am the
ugly duckling in this story but I'm sure
we will soon be beautiful a key figure
in that establishment is sure I'll go
out come in while at the other end of
the political spectrum and splitting the
left wing votes are an ally of the
jailed leader Ciro Gomez and the former
environment minister in Lula's
government Marina Silva I'm running for
the third time as a candidate in a very
delicate situation
I believe my political integrity will
prevail Brazilian people should no
longer be left out of the traditional
political structures the finance
minister in the current government and
Mika mere alias hardly registers an
indication of the deep unpopularity of
president Michel temer but perhaps the
greatest statement in the country were
voting as obligatory is that more than
half the electorate either doesn't know
who it will vote for or even whether
they'll vote at all - winner al jazeera
Sao Paulo
