these are the 15 men Turkish media say
are linked to the disappearance of Saia
journalist Jamal Haji the original
lineup was first published in the
Turkish pro-government Sabah newspaper
New York Times says it's identified that
some of them may have links to Saudi
Prince Mohammed bin Salman Makar Abdul
Aziz ma tribe is described as a diplomat
assigned to the Saudi embassy in London
11 years ago this is one of several
photos the newspapers published showing
Moe Trev with Prince Salman another man
is named as Zara collab our hobby
the New York Times says a Saudi news
outlet has reported that someone with
that name was promoted to lieutenant in
the Royal Guard for bravery for
defending Prince salmon's palace in
Jeddah the newspaper also says an
additional alleged member of the Saudi
team mohamed saad al Zahrani has the
same name as another member of the Royal
Guard now this man is reported to be
Salah Mohamed - Bailey Turkish
investigators say he's an expert in
autopsies for Saudi Arabia's internal
security agency the Turks also say
measured sal al Bustani is a lieutenant
in the saudi air force born in 1987 a
photo of a man at Istanbul Airport
appears to match the Facebook profile of
a man with that name now almost all the
information about the original 15
suspects seems to have come from the
Turkish government Turkish investigators
say they've identified at least two of
the men the identities of the others
have been tracked down by the New York
Times and other sources using social
media public records serving news
reports and witnesses
