with more than half their country below
sea level the Dutch have spent centuries
mastering the technique of keeping the
water out this summer however they find
themselves running dry
the Netherlands like most of northern
Europe is experiencing a heat wave
persistent high temperatures combined
with the lack of rain have resulted in a
record-breaking drought but unlike other
countries it's not a shortage of
drinking water that worries people here
the most important task in times of
droughts rest upon the shoulders of the
local dike or flood barrier inspectors
in Uganda ISIL we're here the lowest
point in the Netherlands checking on the
dikes which are vulnerable to drought
during a drought the dikes can dry out
causing them to become weaker and less
capable of holding back the water the
soil is now so dry that a single shower
won't do we'll really need two weeks of
rainfall to bring the dikes back to
strength
it may not be instantly obvious but this
country's success relies on a delicate
water balance the Rhine River
originating in the Swiss Alps is crucial
to fill up the lakes and push back to
seawater preventing it from silting up
the lens but as the river water level
drops bumps have to be activated to help
its branches flow in some provinces
farmers are being told to stop
irrigating their lens even if it means
losing their crops this leg behind me is
the reason that for now the Dutch people
aren't too worried the I Samir is the
key water reservoir in the Netherlands
in times of drought but even this huge
water basin containing about three and a
half million Olympic swimming pools of
fresh water could hit critical levels if
it doesn't start raining in the next few
weeks while the frequency and intensity
of extreme weather events around the
world are being attributed to climate
change people in the Netherlands now
wonder if their driest summer
record could be just the start of things
to come what we can expect is more
summers like this in the future where
it's really a big draught problem we are
very good at managing too much water now
we have to learn how we can manage too
little water with the forecast showing
no significant rains over the next two
weeks the Dutch are facing a real stress
test for a future in a changing climates
pronounced Bach al-jazeera Amsterdam the
Netherlands
