Salma Zidane is from a minority excluded
by Israel in its nation state law
she's a Druze Arab and her two sons were
killed during military service for
Israel she makes a promise if this law
doesn't change I will get your bodies
exhumed from this military cemetery and
bury you in your grandfather's land back
home is her youngest son Yemen his
brothers Fouad who was 18 and 23 year
old Saleh gave compulsory service in the
military
Yaman became a prison officer in an
Israeli jail and he says that experience
changed his perspective he became a
human rights lawyer and activist for
Palestinians in the occupied West Bank
Jordan will present I feel sad the blood
of my brothers was shed in vain for a
lie in an illusion they may have thought
the military would give them rights but
this law just proves that Israel used
them like mercenaries the Druze are in
all ranks for example Major General
Kamil Abu rookin is the new coordinator
of operations and the occupied
territories there's no public comment
from him any soldier showing dissent is
suspended we asked the soldiers and
officers not to get involved in this
load and to depend on us tarrif and his
delegation were given the promise of a
new law giving benefits to minorities in
the military but back in Beit Jan and
elsewhere that isn't enough most feel
nothing short of scrapping the nation
state law will do you can still sense
the anger here despite political
developments and questions about loyalty
continue to reverberate one of them
whether young people will still feel the
same way about joining the Israeli army
demolished this former soldiers loyalty
is tested Maj Ducati be completed his
military service before setting up a
restaurant business now he doesn't want
his son to become a soldier
it's up to him but now I say military
service shouldn't be compulsory it's all
alive that we've been living for a long
time and the nationality law made this
very clear bates Jan's dead soldiers
make the feeling of betrayal here more
potent more than 60 names written in
Hebrew and below what now becomes an
unofficial language Arabic one of many
measures in what most people in this
village believe is a racist law Andrew
Simmons al Jazeera bate Jan in Israel
