graduation day at what China's
government calls a vocational training
center in the Western Chinese city of Ho
Tien the certificates say these men and
women have passed the test to become law
abiding citizens the implication being
their time here is now over China says
these centers will help to cleanse
shinjang of the virus of religious
extremism detainees learn Mandarin law
and other skills that will help them get
a job when or if they're released some
express their deep gratitude I could
have followed those religious extremists
and committed crimes the party and the
government saved me just in time and
gave me a chance to correct my mistakes
human rights groups say that in reality
this is a region camp where inmates are
detained indefinitely without charge and
forced to denounce Islam their religion
and praise the Communist Party caught in
the middle the children of these
detainees with many reportedly now in
state orphanages it was only a week ago
that the government confirmed the
existence of these camps now new laws
have been passed legitimizing their
continued use there's the reason why
perhaps these pictures have been
released now in a few weeks the United
Nations Human Rights Council will meet
in Geneva Chinese officials that you to
attend and they're expected to face
tough questions about the weaker
detention program and whether there are
plans to expand it the message from this
documentary is what's not to like free
training and free food and
air-conditioned dormitories inmates
we're told can earn almost $300 a month
making carpets or ovens there have even
been weddings although it's not clear if
this couple met during or before their
incarceration we Gers our Shin Jang's
indigenous ethnic majority and many
resent the influx of Han Chinese seeking
to profit from its oil and gas reserve
next year marks the 10th anniversary of
ethnic violence between these two ethnic
groups during days of rioting almost 200
people died the majority of them hon the
protests are said to have started after
the deaths of two Weger migrants in
another part of the country for Chinese
leaders that and subsequent violence in
2014 more than justified the
establishment of camps like this one
camps that may contain one in ten of
Shin Jiang's Muslims Adrian Brown
al-jazeera
Beijing
