riot police disrupt a press conference
about to be given by the bobbies main
opposition leader Nelson Theresa they
ordered the journalist to leave saying
they have no permission to gather at the
hotel some Zimbabwean say scenes like
these reminded them of the days when
Robert Mugabe was in power when freedom
of speech was stifled and media
reporting was restricted the country's
information Minister eventually tells
the police to leave when allowed to
speak
chummy said didn't hold back on his
words story afterwards the
president-elect Emma Simon Ogawa him
Salzburg criticized in the but insisting
the vote was free and fair Harare is
slowly getting back to normal after
Wednesday's violence but some fear that
tensions could rise if Jimmy says
challenges the results in court Managua
has vowed to be a president for all
Zimbabweans but many Suburbans will need
convincing he was Robert Mugabe's
defense minister during the kokura
hoondi massacres when thousands were
killed in metope Island
in the closet so those are some of the
issues obviously things like community
in the 1980s you know and those are most
topical issues but by and large I think
this first section of people who do not
support him and also their cross section
of people also support him at the same
time the president-elect is promising a
fresh start but changing decades of
entrenched repression and state
institutions will take time
and when anger grow we'll have to
persuade the international community
that seems like this and now a thing of
the past so as to not derail as promise
of political and economic reforms har
Mutasa al-jazeera
Harari
