by a bend in the river Spain's hottest
town it's only mid-morning and the
temperature in Montoro is already above
30 Celsius 92 year old olive farmer
Petro Moyer is sure that every year the
summer months are getting hotter if it
carries on like this I think the earth
could catch fire and the world would
come to an end this corner of Spain is
on heatwave alert but the local police
chief is confident they can handle it
there's no alarm here people are smart
the old folk have passed down that
know-how from generation to generation
like a secret recipe this is one of
those recipes traditional gas Badshah
tomato olive oil vinegar and garlic this
is essential it has a lot of vitamins
and when it's served fresh it revives
your body the pharmacy thermometer marks
a high of 41 degrees while shy of last
year's Spanish record a 40 7.3 Celsius
down the street the Rodriguez sisters
sell air conditioning the higher the
heat the bigger the fan in the past
there was even a secret language with
the fans depending on how a woman moved
her fan she would send a message next
door basket weaver heed Alfonzo Hidalgo
blames plastic and the younger
generations for the demise of
old-fashioned natural fibers that he
uses for everything from window blinds
to food hampers you don't need a fridge
put your food as sandwiches in here to
keep them fresh just close the lead
narrow streets white walls and cobbles
all designed to keep Montoro as cool as
possible the spanish formula for staying
safe seems quite simple stay off the
street stay inside
take a siesta stir a little respite by
the fountain as evening temperatures dip
but the heatwave is set to continue Karl
Penhaul al Jazeera Montano Spain
