until few weeks ago 20-year old Lester
Aleman was a familiar face on the
streets of Managua at massive
anti-government protests as a student
leader he took part in a short-lived
national dialogue with President Daniel
Ortega mediated by the Catholic Church
today he's almost a fugitive implicated
under a new anti-terrorism law and he
says afraid for his life I appear as
under investigation for financing the
supposed takeover of the city of Mosiah
which is a lie to pose a system of
injustice kidnapping killings and
paramilitary groups on the streets does
not make you a terrorist could he stand
for Herzl and his wife Maria are among
the scores of activists arrested and
charged under the new law the UN High
Commission for Human Rights calls it a
mechanism to criminalize opposition to
the government the anti-terrorism law
contemplates up to 20 years in prison
and/or confiscation of property for
those found guilty the terms are vague
and broad even those who have given food
medicine or water to protesters or who
encourage street protests calling for
Ortega's resignation could be implicated
CACO see on dilemmas that includes
Ortega's former comrade-in-arms daughter
maria diaz today a fierce opponent who
preferred to speak to us via skype
because she says she's received
countless death threats that's the
reality we're living kidnapping
assassinations prison persecution
Ortega's former deputy foreign minister
who's also being linked to terrorism
says it won't work as long as ortega
continues in power unrest and
instability we continue to be in this
country
the lack of guarantees of due process is
more worrisome than the law itself says
a Nicaraguan constitutional expert in
north doing the courts don't act in
accordance with legal constitutional
principles that govern a state of law
but rather in accordance
with the political interests of those
who decide what happens in Nicaragua
that Daniel Ortega and his wife and they
don't hide it but Ortega is unapologetic
he accuses the UN of being an accomplice
to terrorists for criticizing a law that
could soon see Nicaragua's prisons
overflow you see a Newman al Jazeera
Managua
