public opposition in Jordan failed to
stop this project work has begun on a 65
kilometer pipeline which is supposed to
start bringing gas from Israel in early
2020 the Jordanian government says the
deal will save hundreds of millions of
dollars a year critics disagree it's a
waste of taxpayers money to support
Israeli terrorism 10 bill is 10 billion
dollars of taxpayers money can be
invested in Jordan invest in a wide
variety of energy sources like solar
energy
Hisham Boustany belongs to a movement
called the enemy's Gaza occupation which
has been campaigning against the deal
since it was signed in 2016 for them
it's not just about funding Israel they
don't want Jordan to be linked
economically to a country they don't
trust we are hostages of the Israeli
enemy it makes us vulnerable at any time
they can just stop providing us with gas
the demands for energy is only growing
in Jordan already it imports up to 95%
of its needs some 40 percent will now be
provided by Israel in the next 15 years
our enemies gas is occupation is one of
many organizations involved in anti
normalization campaigns
it's been over two decades since Jordan
signed a peace treaty with Israel but
that deal is still largely unpopular a
significant portion of Jordan's
population many of whom are Palestinian
refugees continue to resist the efforts
to promote ties with Israel some of the
biggest protests in the Arab world were
held in the Jordanian capital after US
President Donald Trump's decision to
recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital
the kingdom rejected Trump's decision
and has been outspoken against what it
calls Israel's violations against holy
sites in Jerusalem this is a part of the
hypocritical approach of the Jordanian
government they say we care about
Jerusalem then we signed the gas deal
they said we need the gas you know for
local consumption then the question is
why don't you get Algerian gas
cautery gas or gas from anywhere else
the government however remains committed
to the project despite criticism from
the public and members of parliament who
have still not seen the terms and
conditions of the agreement
eunho dar al jazeera a man
