I am for me okay you're in the stream
today the foot lines between gun control
and gun rights would be looking at those
and also the debate right now that's all
over the news and that is 3d printed
guns these things back here we'll be
talking about that in just a moment
that's right I'm Malika be lad will also
speak to youth activists who are
continuing their push for gun reform
months after March for our lives change
the conversation in the wake of the
deadly parkland attack they want you to
join the conversation on Twitter and
YouTube
should gun violence in the United States
be treated as a public health issue for
some people it seems like there should
be an obvious yes to that question but
in the United States public funding for
research into gun deaths and injuries
has been severely curtailed for years
for more on this were joined from
Northampton Massachusetts by Megan Rani
she is chief research officer at the
American Foundation for firearm injury
reduction in medicine known as a firm
it's one of the groups that wants more
research into gun violence
Adam Skaggs is chief counsel at the
Giffords Law Center to Prevent Gun
Violence he joins us from New York Craig
deluz is director of legislative and
public affairs at the firearms and
policy coalition which advocates for gun
rights in the US he joins us from
Sacramento California and here in the
studio is Lawrence Nathaniel he is
executive director of the National
Organization for change
he's also co-founder of the upcoming
national march on the NRA that's
National Rifle Association and that
rally goes ahead on Saturday welcome all
of you to the stream now I want to start
with a member of our community who heard
we were doing this topic and tweet it in
this this is Donna who says if something
is dealt with as a public health issue
that's not to say that it is just one
more service that health professionals
provide it is an approach to dealing
with health issues Google Public Health
approach and you'll see issues like
seatbelt use bike helmets tobacco use
Megan that all sounds rational and
reasonable
why then is gun control and gun use not
on that list that's a great question so
the biggest reason that gun violence and
gun injury is not on that list is
because as you said earlier there just
hasn't been funding to address it as a
public health issue at its core gun
injury is no different from any other
type of injury like car crashes or pool
drownings or poisonings right and we've
dealt with all of those as public health
issues over the last four or five
decades we've developed a whole science
behind
preventing injury and we haven't done it
for guns simply because there has not
been funding to do the research and the
epidemiology and the intervention trials
that we've done that have successfully
decreased car crashes by over 50% that
have decreased poisonings by carbon
monoxide and so on Adam there's
something called the Dickey amendment
which if it I don't bring it up someone
else will bring it up for international
audience just explain what that means
sure the Dickey amendment is a law that
was passed that basically prevents
federal agencies like the Centers for
Disease Control from conducting gun
research these were passed in the 1990s
after the CDC began researching a number
of different gun issues and looking at
the causes and possible ways to prevent
gun injury in the United States and this
was passed in 1996 and it essentially
said that funding that was appropriated
to the Centers for Disease Control's
couldn't be used to advocate for against
gun control the practical effect I
thought was that federal research was
stopped and we haven't seen any federal
dollars of any reasonable magnitude
dedicated to studying this problem since
the mid nineties like so the Challenger
is he's already contradicted himself he
said that it didn't allow for research
when specifically he just stated the
words of the amendment which mean it
didn't eliminate the ability to do
research what it said was you cannot
advocate for gun control meaning you
cannot advocate for implementing policy
restricting the constitutional right to
keep and bear arms and the problem is is
that the folks at the CDC if they can't
advocate for gun control then they then
for some reason they've chosen not so
Craig I'm gonna I'm gonna disagree with
you there so after that amendment was
passed Congress actually took away from
CDC the amount of money that they were
spending on fire injury firearm injury
research and see any any Congress is any
Congress can decide to put those
resources to put resources towards that
and that doesn't even include the
discretionary resources that they have
amongst
hundreds of millions of dollars they
have to do research I'm on the point
that Congress could any Congress could
appropriate those dollars and allow the
CDC to begin doing this life-saving
research again but unfortunately we
haven't seen that done so there hasn't
been provided and I can give you the
reason why you haven't seen it done is
because Congress is terrified of the NRA
the reason why is because the NRA and
gun manufacturers they have the ability
to move voters so they are terrified of
the NRA and if the Congress is to push
for CDC research for gun control well
I'm going to say and Lawrence I'm gonna
just one thing is so research is not a
partisan issue right so we have
successfully decreased deaths from car
crashes without taking cars off the road
we actually have more cars on the road
now than we have in the 1950s and so
good by the way and find us ways don't
when people say no one disagrees with
the idea that we should be doing
research the problem is is that when you
go into research with the idea that guns
are bad and we need to ban guns well
then your research is obviously going to
be searched well we would all like to
see is research we would all like to see
is research that is that that does not
insert an advocate but is actually
unbiased research and unfortunately for
the groups that do do it it's anything
but unbiased Oh give me a moment cuz I
just want to get the community in
mallika go ahead no I want to bring up
this perspective you know taking into
account what you all are saying here
this is Mike he's a PhD and he writes in
in terms of funding for health and gun
violence I think it's a couple of things
politics has reduced available funding
fear of being seen as political and
awareness that there are fewer funds has
prevented scientists from submitting
relevant grant proposals but then he
takes us in this next tweet to a more
personal level an issue we've covered
here on the stream but I think is
important to remind people he says that
lack of awareness that suicide accounts
for 60% of gun deaths and beliefs in
incorrect ideas has led people away from
prioritizing projects looking at suicide
and firearms and he gives a stat that
around half of all US suicides result
from
firearms that's from the CDC Lawrence I
want to go to you with that because
that's bringing it down to a personal
level and I know that you can relate to
that yes I went to a poor community I
lived in a poor community I went to a
poor school our questions were shoved in
with like 30-plus kids I have seen
students hide guns in their book bags I
have seen students high guns and their
shorts and we had metal detectors and
usually our school system they they talk
to us about this they they say hey y'all
we're gonna have you know gun violence
in your area when someone dies because
we know not to expect a child to one of
our friends to come to school there is
literally no research for the
african-american community where mental
health is being ran rampant literally I
walked in on my mother trying to kill
herself I lost it on I lost an uncle so
yeah I don't want to see that happen to
anyone and research will take that a
long way it is sad that we are now
seeing more gun violence and we are
seeing car accidents I lost three
sisters in a car accident and Bamber
actually alright actually
most recently they've discovered there
are actually more people dying via car
accidents than by gun violence but I
agree let's let us research suicide and
suicide prevention and there are groups
like both the NRA and the National
Shooting Sports Foundation that are
working with suicide prevention
organizations in order to help address
the issue I don't disagree but when we
talk about gun violence we're forgetting
that it is a violence issue when you are
talking about when you're talking about
gun suicides you're talking about a
suicide issue we're focusing on you want
to focus on the tool and we're saying
focus on the problem I hear what you're
saying Craig although I think that our
that community member who tweeted and
said it's the the fact that these things
are readily available that makes that
compound but I want to push on just a
little bit to a story that has been
generating plenty of headlines or the
last few days you all know it's 3d
printed guns a US federal judge on
Tuesday blocked a Texas organization
from publishing the schematics for such
weapons that was just hours before they
were about to go
al-jazeera's Rob Reynolds has more in 3d
printer technology machines extrude
miniscule layers of plastic or resin
that gradually build up
three-dimensional objects using
computerized patterns we asked
professional 3d printer
Peter Menotti to make one for us
consumer printers are available for as
low as $300 so anybody that has $300 can
essentially print one 3d printable guns
have no serial numbers so they're
untraceable they don't require permits
or background checks so anybody can have
one and because they're plastic they can
go through any metal detector so you
hear the the issue laid out there I want
to play a video comment that we got from
the CEO of a 3d printing company when we
heard you but we were doing this story
this is what he told Al Jazeera
open-source gun designs have been around
for as long as I could remember before
the internet you can get them by mail
order biomedic gunship and the tools to
make guns have been around since well
since the Luddites failed to stop
mechanization let's say we were
successful at banning or stopping people
from uploading and publishing gun
designs on the internet that really
wouldn't do anything there's many ways
to acquire and capture the data today
there's low-cost laser scanners and 3d
digitizers that you could put any object
under and it will capture that 3d data
in a matter of minutes so really this
whole conversation is pointless
it's pointless atom push back against
that what do you think well look you
know we're dealing with the situation as
the package that you just played
demonstrated we're putting making
downloadable guns available to anybody
anywhere means that somebody who can't
go to a gun store and buy a gun because
they'll fail a background check maybe
their domestic abuser they have a long
criminal rap sheet
whatever the reason somebody who's
unable to pass a background check and
buy a gun can't just download one off
the internet with the click of a mouse
so long as they have the 3d printer
that's problem one as we heard these are
traceable so law enforcement can't trace
them in any way that makes them an
illegal gun traffickers dream come true
and because they're plastic they can be
smuggled through traditional metal
detector technology so you know this is
a serious threat it's a problem that
warrants a various response and to just
shrug your shoulders and suggested you
know nothing to see here this doesn't
matter at all
I think really vastly understates the
real risk presented here Craig I want to
show something from your Twitter thread
because you you tweeted out the
President of the United States he says
I'm looking into 3d plastic guns being
sold to the public already spoke to the
NRA doesn't seem to make much sense you
then did a sub tweet it's called free
speech and the Second Amendment at real
Donald Trump they make a perfect sense
unpack that more okay well understand
what we're talking about here is not
giving people is not giving people 3d
printed guns it's providing information
and resources to understand exactly what
they are for example it is little by the
way it is illegal to print or
manufacture an undetectable
firearm so it's already against the law
just like it's against the law to
manufacture to create Molotov cocktails
but yet I can go get a copy of the
anarchists cookbook which includes
information on how to create a how to
create a Molotov cocktail understand
here what we're talking about is free
speech we're talking about the ability
to communicate we don't like the
information simply because I don't like
the information we think we can infringe
on it I would say we have restrictions
based on kind of the idea of public
health and a lot of things that can
potentially create problems for the
wrong people so you know you can't buy
cigarettes before you're a certain age
talking about fundamental right smoking
is not a fundamental right free speech
the right to keep and bear arms are both
fundamental constitutionally enumerated
rights so we put so much emphasis on the
Second Amendment right but we do not put
that much emphasis on our fifth
Tenth Amendment right the right to vote
we have so many lobbyists arguing and
fighting for the Second Amendment right
but we literally have no one out there
fighting for the Fifteenth Amendment
right and still kill deal guns are toy
just like toys reasons like FPC the
reason why organizations like the Farms
policy coalition the NRA work it's not
because of lobbyists and corporations
it's because of the millions of
individual voters who inform themselves
and show up to the polls so young men I
would have to disagree with you there
well I'm gonna disagree with you Craig
when it comes to the idea that this is a
First Amendment issue that is just like
a book that gives you the instructions
of how to make a Molotov cocktail if
you've got the book the Anarchist
Cookbook a human being can read the
printed page that that written speech
gives communicates a message to the
person who can then choose to go out and
build a molotov cocktail or not what
you're talking about with these
downloadable guns it's not a bunch of
ones and zeros that are communicating to
a person who can decide to do with that
message what they will or not this is
computer code that speaks not to the
people but speaks to a printer and when
you understand exactly what this is so
this is a socialist Rifle Association
and they say as an addendum 3d printed
guns will not fire without necessary
metallic parts such as the firing pin
and ammunition they cannot pass through
a metal detector undetected for this
reason and they go on to say work to
build a society where people don't feel
the need to own guns start by addressing
poverty racism police violence this way
is harder but more beneficial alright so
yes we cannot have a gun control
conversation without paying attention to
the new wave of young activists who are
influencing this debate so over the last
couple of weeks the March for our lives
a youth-led organization has been on its
road to change tour of US cities now
it's part of their effort to change gun
laws in the wake of the deadly
and shooting have a look
should I hang my head low should I buy
my or should I March with every stranger
from Twitter to get done
every stranger
could you smile any wider I love that
song I would hesitate to say maybe about
a year ago if we were going to have
somebody of your age on a show like this
you would be here as a victim telling
your story not involved in what happens
next I think in the last year this has
changed yes it has changed dramatically
especially after the Parkland shootings
the youth they're getting pissed off
basically they are mad they are
frustrated they're upset that no one is
listening to us we are like look we are
literally screaming for help we are
dying we are screaming for help and no
one wants to help us because guns are
such a polarizing issue in America for
some reason when it should be our our
right to vote because we get affected by
it and the african-american community
just like we get affected by violence an
african-american community our voices
need to be heard so that's what we're
doing we're standing up a wave of youth
all across the world not just in the
United States of America are standing up
and it's been happening in Europe in
France well before Parkland even
happened and now today the United States
youth are standing up and the NRA wants
to push back against us by issuing
threats like come on well threat six
play threats all right so after the
Parkland shooting multiple times the NRA
released videos especially on gosh let
me think of her name the NR a
spokeswoman video Deanna Lucien I had a
name rain she basically told the
parkland students there was a direct
threat like your time is up the gun
activists that have been working for the
past 60 50 years the NRA has just been
pushing back against them for what
reason like if we can sit at the table
this is all what youth one we want to
sit at the table talk with the NRA come
up with a plan that works on both sides
that push for to protect people Second
Amendment right but also push for safer
community schools and centers for
students and young people because young
people are out there dying I don't have
I don't feel like I should have to worry
about my brothers or sisters going to
the store and they're not coming back or
my mother walking to work and not coming
back but gun activists out there alike
these are our guns
I just want to make the point clear
youth are not out here to take your guns
we're out here fighting for simple
background checks to repeal the Dickey
amendment two guys right here fighting
for a lot of stuff so yeah so but I
don't think our whole thing is what we
want to do is we want to make a change
we want our voices heard we want to tell
people that just because of our age and
you are killing us we are a part of this
problem too so that's why I don't say
has spoken out on behalf of the victims
the hundreds of victims that I've taken
care of it from my 15 year career as an
emergency physician I've taken care of
the suicides the homicides the assaults
and many of us have been trying for a
decade plus to get folks to listen to
the fact that exactly what you said this
is not about gun control versus gun
rights this is about public health and
safety and I just want to thank you for
bringing your voices around this but
public policy is all has always been
about trying to take away trying to take
away the big scary guns you want to talk
about the real challenge with gun
violence in this country 80 to 90% of it
80 90 percent of is either drug or gang
related you can actually not true at all
if you take out suicides 80 to 90
percent of it is drug-related you can't
decide to make a point about about the
violence we're talking about as a
suicide problem and let's just take for
example the country nation of Japan
which is number two of industrial
nations number six overall we lead the
nations and guns and guns we lead the
nation in guns that we are failing their
education what kind of sense does that
make it is a suicide so if you hear both
your points I don't know that our
audience does so I'm gonna jump in there
and use that as my chance to bring in
this viewer comment this is from John on
Twitter
he says March for our lives he's talking
about do you
movement I will let you finish I will
pose this next thing to you but I want
to push on just a little bit because I
want to get our viewers comments in John
says the March for our lives has done a
spectacular job of taking tragedy to
manifest action towards opening up a
conversation that's long overdue and I'm
often inspired by the dedication of
these young activists so when we talk
about taking tragedy this hasn't just
been about guns per se we got a video
comment from a parkland student who
talks about how he's taken that tragedy
and channeled it into making an impact
on the ground this is Kai and this is
what he said we need to address the
larger issue at hand we needed to
address mental health because our
students are under a lot of stress and
they don't know how to sublimate that
stress and all those negative emotions
into positive outcomes we needed to
teach students how to be their best
selves and how to take negative emotions
and reach positive outcomes and that's
something that we haven't really been
focusing on as a society and so he is
the founder the societal reform
corporation and he's all about mental
health and making sure that young people
have access to the help that they need
Craig I promise I'd let you finish but
keep that in mind what do you make about
here's the thing and I agree with the
points that he's made when we talk about
the issue that the gun is just the tool
he's talking about why are why are
people committing suicide why are young
people engaged why is that why are young
people going to schools from in in and
their shootings occurring in schools why
is there gun violence in urban
inner-city communities let's look at the
reasons why and not necessarily focus on
the tools but the other thing we need to
do if we're going to have a conversation
is we have everyone has to be able to be
able to sit at the table what winds up
happening is and you look at what
happened in the CNN debate or CNN
discussion and all of these is okay just
people start talking over them and start
shouting them great as I took a me just
explain what that scene and debate was
it was a huge big tongue which caught
people's attention it was just after
parkland shooting and it blew up in in a
big way and it was it was a huge big
moment for the United States and for
broadcasting and for having that
conversation let me just wrap up now we
could actually do this show every single
day and still not be done with the
debate cakehole type for me just for a
moment actually for the show I'm gonna
be honest here for this show
Lawrence there's a there's a much coming
up in a sentence tell us about the March
alright so Saturday yes Saturday August
4th parkland students will be joining
forces with the founders of the Marchman
nra who have been working so hard we are
taking over the streets of Fairfax
directly in front of the NRA to our
knowledge we looked it up into research
it had never been done before so see
y'all on Saturday no sister marches
around as well oh yes and for if you're
interested you can look at wwr on nra
dot org and in the interests of being
fair and balanced firearms policy
coalition go to their page they have a
take action page and their to take
action page is as passionate as you'll
take action page lawrence that is the
debate in the United States right now
Mallika well in this tweet from a seer
who says disarm today let the moms dads
siblings and families who tragically
lost a family member
decide future weapon regulations Megan
and Adam and Craig unknowns thank you
for joining us thank you for bringing
your insights into the conversation
about gun control gun violence gun
rights maybe when I will always see you
online thanks for watching
you
