it's vivid violent and proudly made in
Chicago drill rep took off in 2012 leer
the FBI named shy town America's most
dangerous city its founding father Chief
Keith now from the Windy City to London
where YouTube removed 30 videos at the
request of Metropolitan Police who found
they incited violence this exploding
musical genre is accused of sending
violence spilling from the speaker's to
the street I've listened to enough drill
music to find little sort of redeeming
value in terms of the narrative of life
as it is unfolding in the streets of
America other than reflecting this sort
of wanton violence that inflicts
permanent solutions for temporary
problems and that solution will soften
this death for many drill rappers life
imitates art lil Jojo and Jay loud were
gunned down in 2012 King Louie in 2015
and the list goes on here in the
birthplace of drill rap were 3500 people
were shot in 650 killed last year even
some fans say the music fuels the fury
on the street cause it's what like they
say some and they song oh yeah we ready
we are influenced people's like that if
I'm listening to somebody rapping like
yeah I loaded up the Glock and I'm off
so much drugs and I get somebody who
don't like me and I'm riding around with
a tool on me I'm gonna end up in Vimy
killing that boy just by listening for
that mule they pumping me up here on
Chicago's South Side we're drill rap
began people say the violence was here
long before rappers started talking
about it the reality is in Chicago we
have so many homicides and students
every year and it's been this way for
the last 20 or 30 years a lot of guys
they roam the streets
mainly to South South Chicago that's
their experience that's why it happened
here in Chicago for critics of the
city's latest export the key is letting
the videos go viral and not the violence
Jon Hendren al jazeera Chicago
