now fifty years ago at the height of the
u.s. Civil Rights Movement a leading
cartoonist made a small but significant
contribution to racial equality Charles
Schulz introduced his first black
character Franklin in the famous and
hugely popular peanuts newspaper strip
modern cartoonist Cary G Johnson looks
back at the legacy of Franklin my name
is Carrie Johnson I'm a professional
caricatures and cartoonists as a kid I
really didn't have a lot of people of
color to look up to as the characters
I'm a caricature illustrators or
cartoonists when I used to see Franklin
in the newspapers I realized wow that's
good to see a person of color in the
Charlie Brown series someone asked me do
you think Franklin having Franklin in
newspapers really helped the black
community or the way people look at
African American cartoonist you know
maybe I can't really say that because
there's so few of us out here doing
doing this if Charles Schulz never took
the risk to put Franklin in his strip
who knows what who would have made that
that happened because one thing about
peanuts it was already popular he didn't
need a hat Franklin
but he's teeth I think a lady wrote him
a letter if I remember reading about
that a few years ago and he said well I
don't want a thin guy from our community
however he took a chance and he walked
out okay Franklin wasn't stereotyped you
know he had a crazy little dude on his
head but he still was pretty
straightforward and Charlie Brown and
then when the holidays will come around
you'll see Franklin lifted with the
budge will peppermint patty
you see blindness and they were just
interacting they won't have to miss you
the most of them one but I enjoyed that
