when jean-pierre Bemba emerged from the
airport in the Democratic Republic of
Congo's capital Kinshasa thousands of
his supporters went into a frenzy many
of them say they never thought they'd be
back home any time soon a heavy
contingent of police escorted his convoy
he was not allowed to make any stops to
address the many people who lined the
streets to catch a glimpse of him his
first order of business was a meeting at
his party headquarters
he's expected to submit his documents to
the electoral commission in the coming
days so he can run together to support
one candidate member was arrested in
Belgium for crimes against humanity a
decade ago
he was sentenced to 18 years in prison
by the International Criminal Court in
2016 the judges held him criminally
responsible for malicious of his former
rebel group convicting him of political
killing raping and pledging in the
neighboring Central African Republic
between 2002 and 2003 he appealed and in
June the conviction was overturned his
supporters say the trial was politically
instigated I'm happy because member has
been vindicated by the same court that
convicted him now he's here a we're just
glad to see him we are suffering in this
country children are not going to school
things are not moving his return gives
us hope member faces some Huddle's and
his bid for presidency the law says a
candidate has to be in the country for
at least a year before contesting an
election the fact that Bemba has been
away for ten years and still has a
pending witness tampering case other
International Criminal Court could hurt
his chances
Catherine soy al-jazeera Kinshasa
