opposition supporters say they vote was
stolen they are demanding transparency
from the Electoral Commission official
results showed the rulings Rapa Party
has won a majority in parliament these
people are convinced the results worried
the police move in to disperse them but
when that failed the army took over
those who try to resist were Delta
president a mr. Managua has warned the
opposition against causing trouble the
Alliance and its leadership has fought
with to remove its violence supporters
from the streets so peace returns to a
country in asking them to take this
necessary step government is simply
reminding them of their duties as the
responsible political players and
citizens the main opposition alliance
say the army used unnecessary force
three people may be dealt with by the
police who are best trained for Public
Order soldiers are trained to kill
during war we are seriously meant to
wonder what this means
are we in war are civilians the enemy of
the state the EU election observer
mission says presidential election
results should be released as soon as
possible to avoid more violence the
longer it lasts to count the more lack
of credibility comes up that something
thing will be forged
therefore it's needed that it must be
appraised abilities of the role down to
the polling station level but opposition
supporters say if they candidates now
such a Misa doesn't win they won't
accept it the results center is over
they opposition supporters I've been
trying together but the police have been
pushing them back so they've been
burning tires and parties they insist
that their candidate the main opposition
leader now essentially has won this
election there they are over there
they're refusing to leave in protest
by law presidential results have to be
announced by Saturday
most Zimbabwean are anxious about what
could happen if the loser doesn't accept
defeat higher Matassa al jazeera Harare
