angry words have been exchanged between
the US and Turkey over possible
sanctions no the US has decided to act
at the president's direction the
Department of Treasury is sanctioning
Turkey's Minister of Justice and
Minister of Interior both of whom played
leading roles in the arrest and
detention of pastor Brunson the two
ministers targeted are senior figures in
the Turkish government Suleiman so I Lou
is the Interior Minister Abdul Hamid
Ghul is the Justice Minister the u.s.
says they are involved in organizations
responsible for the continued detention
of this man American pastor Andrew
Brunson the Turks say he's a spy who was
involved in the field 2016 coup in
Turkey the Americans insist he is simply
a Christian pastor who has been targeted
because he met many people from
different communities while in the
country the u.s. sanctions says that any
property or sharing property the two men
may have in the United States is now
blocked and it says that any US citizen
business or entity should no longer
carry out any transactions with the two
government ministers from Turkey
President Donald Trump has tweeted his
support for the posture while vice
president Mike Pence has repeatedly
called for his release the president air
dhawan and the Turkish government I have
a message on behalf of the President of
the United States of America release
pastor Andrew Brunson now or be prepared
to face the consequences
pastor Brunson was recently released
from prison in Izmir but remains under
house arrest no date has yet been set
for his trial Alan Fisher al Jazeera at
the White House
