land redistribution is an emotive issue
in South Africa a series of public
hearings has just ended and now in a
marked policy shift the ruling African
National Congress says it will push
ahead with land expropriations from
white farmers without paying
compensation supporters of the Moo say
it's time to address a lasting legacy of
apartheid very shallow school pattern of
land ownership still persist well over
80 percent of the most Italian is still
in the head of the minority while black
people are confined to two to two
reserves since 1994 the government's
used the willing seller willing buyer
model to change the balance of land
ownership it's bought about five million
hectares or four percent of South
Africa's territory for redistribution
but almost a third of that has not been
allocated to anyone the problem lies
with what has been done with all the
thousands of Hector's that has been
bought that's still not the property of
individuals it's in the hand of the
state Emily chalice parents were
forcibly removed from their land in
South Africa's northwest province in the
1960s she says she's worried the
redistribution process is being rushed
section 25 of the Constitution says if
land is taken from a property owner
compensation must be just and equitable
the ANC now plans to amend that to
clarify when expropriations can happen
without payment a we Ridge to amend
section 2501 the constitution we are not
ready that's my argument because we
haven't done the process of gauging the
social economic impact assessment
President Cyril Ramaphosa with one eye
on elections next year knows he needs to
act he's promised there will be no
Zimbabwe style and invasions and says
the process won't be allowed to threaten
the economy
Nadine Barbour al-jazeera
