it's difficult to escape football in
Argentina it attracts most of the media
attention and advertising revenue and
it's the topic of conversation in the
cafes and bars while rugby basketball
hockey and tennis may also figure it's
difficult to escape the presence of
these men the Youth Olympic Games is the
biggest international sporting event
Argentina has hosted since the football
World Cup in 1978 and it's prompting a
change of thinking the legacy the legacy
is everything that's all it'll be left
when the games end Argentina was behind
when it came to swimming infrastructure
but last time we built a competition
pool was in 1994 and now we've got this
beautiful Aquatic Center it's already
produced some local stars 15 year-old
Cellini alabaugh Sen breaking national
and regional records I was very excited
by was very nervous for the first race
the fans the family and friends were
there but it was great she trains here
just 20 minutes away from the Olympic
pool where she's an inspiration to the
next generation eleven year-old Vicky
Pieta
has her sights set high reach the
Olympics and represent my country the
crowds have been flocking to the venues
dotted around when Osiris
often to see sports they're not familiar
with we've had a lot of support we've
been surprised all the stadiums are full
all of them three hours before there are
queues and I mean for all the sports
Argentines swimmers had a disastrous
Olympic Games in London in 2012
afterwards they revamp the structure of
the national organization hiring a top
Australian coach investing in the future
state-of-the-art facilities the latest
technology and the most up-to-date
training methods Argentine athletes are
hoping that at least some of that will
remain here after the games boosting
their chances and a whole host of sports
other than football
Argentine swimming still has a long way
to go to catch the dominant nations like
the United States and Australia but
these games have given them a clearer
idea of what needs to be done it gives
us the opportunity to see how swimmers
from other countries work not just South
America but Europeans all the powerful
swimming nations football will remain
dominant in Argentina but the Youth
Olympic Games is introducing and
highlighting a whole load of other
sports to inspire and excite these
youngsters enshrine their 2:01 Osiris
