with an almost rain free July following
the driest June since 1925 Britain is
sweating its way through both heatwave
and drought at the moment all the news
we're hearing about the lack of rain for
speculation about shortages it's not a
local sort of Northern European or
British issue this time it seems to be
the whole of the northern hemisphere I'm
reading hearing reports from the US
Canada Russia Sweden about long periods
of high temperatures drought conditions
and it's affecting harvests everywhere
farmer Robert law takes me on a tour of
his parched land wheat prices are way up
that's good for farmers but bed of
course for consumers he's worried about
his livestock so your big concern now is
is the grass that you have lost
effectively that would have been feed
for your livestock absolutely and it's
got to the the situation in the last few
days that we've actually yet to get feed
in and bring it out the field the
National Farmers Union has called it a
crisis we have our food on our shelves
24/7 and we often don't actually ever
really think about where food comes from
or indeed how it gets on those shelves
so I think it's a wake-up call in many
areas and not least around the situation
of market failure and volatility which
are crucial components of a future
agricultural policy the long hot summer
of 2018 is a reminder says the National
Farmers Union that Britain shouldn't
take its food production for granted and
a timely one at that as concerns grow
about the possibility of this country
exiting the European Union without a
trade deal resulting in food shortages
even stockpiling in the months ahead we
cope with the weather we manage with
weather the one thing brexit is giving
us is a lot of uncertainty and worry
going forward and always saying as a
heap of politicians squabbling as the
drought continues both Briggs it and a
challenging climate look set to ensure
zing times ahead Jonah hole al-jazeera
hartfordshire
