every day a small group of Iranian
farmers meet up at the edge of their
town once wet fields of Isfahan lush
with crops now barren land by a dry
canal they beg for government help where
iranian citizens - we are Iranian who
live in this part of the country we just
want to be heard people are really tired
they can't make ends meet they go to bed
hungry
Mustapha been ve lost an eye during
fighting between police and protesting
farmers in March acute water shortages
are worsening problems such as inflation
and unemployment and there are warning
signs of rising anger but no disease I
wish that about you
more conflicts are expected to break out
an empty stomach doesn't have any
religion people are going to have to
fight for every single drop of water
especially in dry regions like this that
are hit hard by drought and climate
change environmental experts say weather
is a small part of the problem they
blame years of government mismanagement
for the man-made water crisis since the
Islamic Revolution in 1979 the
government's rushed to develop
industries meant skipping environmental
impact assessments before building dams
and piping water around the country one
solution has been to try using less
water for things like these but most of
Iran's water is used on farms where old
ways of watering crops means waste on an
industrial scale environmental experts
also say the government needs to take
the problem more seriously well I think
I wanna know first we need to revise
some laws and adopt a procedure for the
stable development and management of
water resources so we can better
preserve water and control usage so we
can be hopeful to have better conditions
in the next one or two decades even by
summer standards these river beds in the
north of the capital Tehran are drier
than usual that's being felt downstream
where they feed ancient underground
Springs from up here you can really get
a sense of the impact of the country's
water shortage on public facilities in
just 20 years
a single generation what was once a
sizeable body of water has been reduced
to little more than a wading pool
people who live here say they had to
plug part of the pool to collect enough
water for kids to play and escape the
summer heat some of them are old enough
to remember when the pool was full I
remember my childhood me and my friends
used to bike here and swim now it's 50
square meters but then it was about
5,000 it was deep and considered
dangerous for swimming for now it's
enough for these kids to cool off and
have some fun unconcerned perhaps that
when they have children of their own the
little water they have left probably
won't be here Zain bus Ravi al-jazeera
Tehran
