more misery for the residents of the
Venezuelan capital Caracas 80% of the
city and some nearby areas without
electricity thousands of houses lost
power telephones were down and the City
subway system ground to a halt we were
on the subway full of people and
suddenly it stopped due to the blackout
we were half an hour in there we were
suffocating patent is either waited for
already overcrowded buses or walk the
long distances to work
this is serious how long will this go on
no one can put up with this there's just
one person responsible for all of this
I'm sorry to say it but he's aware of
what he's doing he's referring to
president Nicolas Maduro who many
Venezuelans blamed for rampant inflation
the shortages of food and medicine and
rising crime the president blames what
he calls enemies of the state including
the United States the blackout came a
day after power was lost to the Congress
of the governing Socialist Party of
Venezuela which the president again said
was sabotage power cuts are common in
other parts of Venezuela but less so in
the capital where fuel in this all rich
country is one of the few commodities
there's plenty of the authorities say
they're working to restore power as soon
as possible hampered by heavy rainfall
Daniel I'm there Al Jazeera
