the fallout from the release of India's
National Register of citizens filled the
pages of newspapers in Assam state along
the border with Bangladesh four million
people have been left off of the list
and are now worrying they'll be deported
or put in a detention center we have
been harassed a lot in the name of the
National Register of citizens so many
Muslims have not been registered we feel
there is a lot of politics involved in
making this list and that should not be
the case the register was established in
1951 to identify Indian citizens at the
time there were undocumented immigrants
arriving from what is now Bangladesh
critics say the omission of millions in
the latest register is designed to
prevent Muslims from voting the
government is assuring people there's
still time and a system in place to fix
any mistakes if there are any mistakes
that occurred people can go to the court
or the fairness tribunal it will be
checked irrespective of caste creed and
religion and whether he or she is Muslim
Hindu or beggar
there's concern the government hasn't
provided adequate outreach especially to
the poor and illiterate marpa tompa
seven more so many are genuinely Indian
but they haven't received notice due to
poor communication from the government
but the one good thing is done
foreigners and politics has been stopped
Assam state has long struggled with
anger over undocumented immigrants the
government should seal the border this
is more important than the national
register of citizens if the border
remains open
then the infiltrators will always be
there the government should look for the
permanent solution the four million
people not listed as citizens want a
permanent solution to their status as
well for many India is their home and
they fear being stateless Natasha a guy
named Al Jazeera
