the founder of Facebook Mark Zuckerberg
went to Capitol Hill in April to admit
his company hadn't done enough to stop
foreign groups trying to influence the
2016 US presidential election we didn't
take a broad enough view of our
responsibility and that was a big
mistake and it was my mistake and I'm
sorry now as part of its continuing
investigation into election interference
it discovered it's happening again
and so it has suspended 32 pages on that
platform and Instagram which it also
owns they are gonna be a hair-trigger
alert for you know for the foreseeable
future so any instances that crop up
like this they're likely to take to take
action and then be public about that
action the company uses artificial
intelligence and human investigators to
flag up automated accounts we normally
deal with divisive social issues aimed
at fanning conflict and upset one page
called resistors created an event a
counter protest to a unite the right
rally a white nationalist gathering in
Washington DC in August it was found to
be a fake group and the page was
disabled and the event deleted it says
it can't definitively tie the suspended
accounts to Russia but suggests it was
possibly involved American intelligence
agencies have been warning for months
Russia's efforts to undermine American
democracy are active and they're a
threat to November's elections at a
cybersecurity summit in New York the
Homeland Security Secretary said the
country is facing what she called a
hurricane of threats
let me also again take this opportunity
to issue a warning as I have in other
forums and speeches to any foreign power
that would consider meddling in our
networks or in the affairs of our
democracy the United States will no
longer tolerate or accept your
interference you will be exposed and you
will pay a high price Facebook has been
heavily criticized for not doing enough
to stop outside interference in the 2016
election it's determined that would
happen again and it says it continues to
work with the FBI to identify threats
and remove them from its platforms Allen
Fisher al-jazeera
Washington
