the weights to find out who has won the
Barbies presidential election could be a
long one parliamentary results are
trickling in but the presidential will
only be announced when all results from
the more than 10,000 polling stations
have been tallied for now although
bobbins can do is look at the individual
results posted outside each specific
polling station the final official
result will only be announced in the
coming days whatever it is comes out in
our results is exactly what the inside
but opposition supporters say they are
worried about vote fixing and insist
they are ready to defend they vote
supporters who say they have already
tallied the votes the main opposition
leader Nelson charissa is one
and the Zimbabwean law the official
results can only be announced by the
Electoral Commission we have noted with
concern the actions and conduct of some
political leaders civic organizations
individuals and other interested groups
who are openly declaring that they will
announce results irrespective of the
provisions of the law ladies and
gentlemen I am sure no one wants to
provoke the wrath of the law and risk
being sent to jail with both the ruling
Zarate party and the main opposition in
DC alliance confident of victory the
stakes are high there can be only one
winner and so don't be a women don't be
a loser but Zimbabwe as a country will
be the overall winner if everybody plays
their part well whoever wins must be
magnanimous in victory and whoever loses
must be gracious in defeat in African
elections often the stakes are very high
and nobody has a back-up plan for losing
diplomat and observer groups say the
race would saw a turnout of 75 percent
it's too close to call her Matassa al
Jazeera Hourani
