hi i'm femi okay and you're in the
stream today why is the US government
run detention center at Guantanamo Bay
still open we explore why years after
9/11
some people remain jailed at the
facility despite never being charged
with any crime
I'm Malika Bilal and we are now live on
YouTube so leave your comments in the
chat for us to include in the
conversation this morning I watched
President Obama talking about Gitmo
right went on amel Bay which by the way
which by the way we are keeping open
which we are keeping open and we're
going to load it up with some bad dudes
believe me we're gonna load it up that's
was candidate Donald Trump speaking in
2016 about President Obama's plan to
shut down the prison complex at
Guantanamo Bay in January of this year
President Trump reversed Obama's
executive order to close the facility he
reiterated its importance to the
so-called war on terror at the State of
the Union address have a lot to ensure
that in the fight against Isis and al
Qaeda we continue to have all necessary
power to detain terrorists wherever we
chase them down wherever we find them
and in many cases them
it will now be Guantanamo Bay in July
lawyers for a Guantanamo inmates who
have never been charged with a crime
launched a case challenging their
detention joining us now via Skype in
New York is one of those lawyers parties
Cabrillo is a senior attorney for the
Center for Constitutional Rights also
joining us right here in our studio
Suraj Hashmi is an editor with the
Washington Examiner Lawrence Korb senior
fellow for the Center for American
Progress he's also the former us
Assistant Secretary of Defense and in
London Rosenberg is a former guantanamo
prisoner and now the director of
outreach for cage an organization
advocating for rights of people held
unjustly in the war on terror hello
everybody it's good to have you
here parties this idea of who is left in
Guantanamo Bay if the public are not
following this if it's ages since
they've seen a headline what would you
tell them histor laughs largely men who
have been held for over 16 years without
charge people that the United States has
had that long to bring charges against
if they have committed crimes or if
they're true security threats and it has
not and men who can and should be
released as a matter of security as a
matter of law in a nutshell
Larry partitioned that some have been
there for 16 years I think one of the
biggest topics of conversation among our
community when we told them we're doing
this is what is the treatment like now
because of course when you think of
Guantanamo a lot of people think of
torture so I don't I want to read you
two tweets here Fez says the conditions
are in many ways harsher than those
reserved for the most dangerous
convicted criminals in the u.s.
windowless cells no opportunity for
human interaction and another person who
was actually a lawyer Alka says the UN
Human Rights reiterated in January that
torture abounds at Gitmo and detainee
should be released for treatment torture
is that something that is still going on
to your nose unfortunately it is and I
think the real problem is that nobody's
paying attention to it anymore when we
first heard the stories of torture back
during the Bush administration everybody
was outraged in the US and around the
world but it's sort of fallen off the
radar there's only 40 prisoners left as
opposed to like 800 we had almost 800 at
one time and the real problem is that
this is rather than stopping terrorism
it's creating it becomes comes a
rallying cry for people who say I ought
to go against the United States because
of what they're not doing or what they
are doing in Guantanamo how do you know
that Larry how do you know it's a
rallying cry well I think the way you
know it is if you monitor what these
groups like Isis or the remnants of al
Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula this is
something they bring up
now it's not the only thing but the fact
of the matter is that with this struggle
against you know terrorists we will only
win when we convince people that what
they're saying and why they want to go
against us and our allies is the wrong
thing to do and one of the things that
the kind of echo Larry's point is that
when focusing on terrorism and the
detainees who have not who have either
served the full term we're charge
convicted and are scheduled for release
you the struggle is in the bureaucracy
of government and trying to find
detention facilities or even
rehabilitation facilities are able to
take on those really scheduled to be
released detainees and you know that we
talk a lot about in Washington about
this concept of the deep state you know
the the overarching government this
bureaucracy and there are many forces
within the government that simply don't
want to have these individuals released
well I want to play a little clip from a
film called a documentary film called
the confession it talks about your story
at the beginning it tells what happened
to you and what it was like for you
because you've told your stories so many
times I want to do it via this little
bitch of a trailer so have a look at
this this is the beginning of the
trailer for the confession
it was midnight there's a knock on the
door they put a gun they shackled my
hands behind my back that was it I woke
up in Guantanamo was in Bakke from
Birmingham who was arrested by the CIA
Pakistan who's now being held at
Guantanamo Bay in Cuba never been
convicted of any crime and then you hear
about this bureaucracy the paperwork we
don't know where to put people this is
16 years later Rossum what do you have
to add to the situation in Gitmo right
now how do you see it well some of the
work that I've been doing with my
organization cage has been documenting
and speaking to a lot of prisoners
around the world including including for
example a very close friend of mine
Shakur Armour who was held there for 14
years without charge or trial I was only
held for three so I'm a relative novice
in comparison to him and the first thing
I have to say about what's happened to
these guys is you know there's all this
issue about the definitions of torture
that happened that the Bush
administration that if it wasn't organ
failure or death according to the most
senior legal adviser to the government
then it wasn't torture and then you had
Obama coming along saying that even
though we tortured some folks that
torture those torturers would not be
prosecuted the United States did a
Senate report on torture which admitted
a bizarrely that they tortured at least
119 people no prosecutions and that's
why today you have a president who says
I believe torture works
I would water warden a lot more and when
a load of Kuantan amo with more
prisoners and and so you've got this
return in fact you know the Bush
administration never said that we agree
or would or would torture they simply
called it enhanced interrogation
techniques what you have today is an
administration led by a man who says he
would torture and continue and believes
in torture and the aspects of torture of
course are all the physical parts that
we've repeated so many times but the
greatest torture is to be held without
charge or trial through a crime that you
haven't been been told that you've
committed and in the midst of all of
that you've got the destroyed lives of
people
those have been returned and resettled
of the amongst those I found myself
fortunate and British born and raised
here but there are people like the
weakest for example from Eastern
Turkestan in China who've been sent to
places like El Salvador
Palau you know placed in the Uruguayan
and places they have no connection to no
language skills no ability to
communicate no history no culture and
they're supposed to sell hiccup their
lives and return to wives and children
that have grown up without them in some
cases not even being able to recognize
their sons and there's no there's been
no sense of redress in any way by the
United States of America for these
destroyed life so like Larry said when
these images and stories go back to
other people and groups like Isis they
say look what they did to these guys
that's the land of justice that's the
land of freedom democracy they have
habeas corpus and Magna Carta as part of
their constitution but in reality they
also have Quandt animal just asking a
follow do you think the detainment of a
lot of individuals who have either been
connected in some way shape or form to a
lot of these terrorist organizations do
you think that their indefinite
detainees people who are even flirting
on the lines of being on edge of you
know joining a group like Isis do you
think one Tonto Bay is the the tipping
point for them that pushes them over the
edge this is a good really good question
I like the question the first thing I
would say out of all the the quantum of
prisoners I've ever met I've met
hundreds since my release
I've not come across any met perhaps one
or two who support Isis or the idea of
Isis and that's because Isis makes
al-qaeda look relatively tame and the
other thing is that what you have seen
in Iraq I've done it twice I've made
appeals for hostages including British
and American hostages to be released
because I saw them dressed in orange
jumpsuits and they were threatening to
and did in some occasions execute these
men now why did they dress them in
orange that's not a natural color of
prisoners in Iraq and and and and
Afghanistan and so forth the reason why
was to show some kind of connection some
kind of
tangible link between their cause and
the cause of the prisoners in Guantanamo
so you're both right in saying that it
has been a almost a course celebra for
some of these guys but it doesn't
detract from the fact that what you've
got happening is something that that
hasn't stopped over 14 years 15 years 66
16 years it's continued its
proliferating and with open with the
with Trump saying he's gonna keep on
turning more open that's the only next
step is that Isis prisoners will be sent
to Guantanamo and if that happens you've
just turned the clock back and learnt
nothing over the past 16 years well you
know two former Commandant of the Marine
Corps general crew like and whore they
wrote an op-ed saying exactly this that
this is hurting us now these are Marines
okay who have fought and died for the
country and they agree with that and and
that's why aside from the moral thing
which is just important that we don't
stick up for our own moral principles
the fact is it's hurting our security
and a lot of people that have been
released there are like in the UAE we
don't know where they are what are they
doing what are they up to
so I mean it's it's it's even worse than
you would think you know looking at the
situation I want to bring in a viewer in
comment this is from a teacher a high
school history teacher in San Diego who
wrote this piece for Teen Vogue take a
look at my screen here Guantanamo Bay
explained he writes I think all
Americans should know what our country
has done and to whom he sent us a video
about what it is he tells his students
about went on mo Bay some of them many
of them actually who were born after the
detention center was set up and so
therefore do not know about Guantanamo
and have never heard of it here's what
he told the stream even for most people
who have heard of it the images that
come to mind are usually orange
jumpsuits barbed wire most people
couldn't tell you the name of a single
person who's kept there it's it it's a
dehumanizing place I had the opportunity
to meet two men locked up over DN
Mostafa Eva dear who were detained in
Guantanamo
who later established their innocence
won their freedom and I'm making a point
I think it's important that I share
their stories that I show that you know
they're pictures with my students at the
end of the day I would want them to my
students to think for themselves about
our policy toward want out know what our
policy ought to be but I think it's
important that they understand this
isn't some abstract issue what we're
doing there we're doing to actual human
beings with actual families whose lives
are being ripped apart we need to pay
attention to their stories and because
he wants to share their stories he
included two pictures he sent us of the
people that he's worked with this one
locked our Boumediene and another person
most of it dear who were released but
partes I want to go to you because in in
this attempt to make sure that Americans
know what is happening in their country
and being done by their government you
are working on behalf of at least 11 men
who are still detained what are their
stories what do you want the world to
know about them I wanted to say just
following from the teachers point I
think all the time about how the
narrative at one time despite everything
we know and all the debates we've had he
had the government still largely
controls the narrative about the men who
remain and that is because of one time
was a remote prison because of secrecy
that still surrounds the present because
of the fact that reporters who've been
covering this for Decca for over a
decade still cannot meet face to face
with a single detainee or communicate
with him in person every time I go to
one time know the notes that I take in
my meetings are censored and a filter a
censor redacted version is what I can
talk about publicly so it's just it's a
crucial point that it's not only to
humanizing with the distance and the
secrecy a lack of access that still
surrounds the present has everything to
do about with you know this narrative
the government or proponents of one
technical people who are in support of
keeping it open and talk about the men
who who remain as the worst of the worst
how they are able to
that narrative and how it's able to
continue to take hold in the public
because still in 2018 that kind of basic
access to the men who remain is not
there and their stories cannot get out
and so it ends up being a debate between
what the lawyers say and what the
government's lawyers say you know what
the defense layers saying and the
government the government versus us in
many cases it's hard for us to win you
know the government's word Trump's it
trumps in court often and it Trump's in
the public so that's just it's a really
crucial point to understand about where
we are still in 2018 the amendment I
represent I'll talk about some of them
one is a Yemeni man he's 43 his name is
Shekhar al Hajj he's been in US custody
for over 16 years without charge the
government has had that long to
determine if it has evidence that he
committed a crime and charged him with
it because not he's someone the
government will probably never charge
and according to its position in court
it would it believes it has the
authority to hold him perpetually
potentially for life without charge
under this theory that the US continues
to be in the same armed conflict that it
was 17 years ago at the time of his
capture that extends worldwide that
extends to unspecified and constantly
morphing new new groups new terrorist
groups that didn't exist at the time of
9/11 and they have nothing to do with
him and then it can continue continue to
hold him for as long as the fighting
continues which in its theory is when al
Qaeda or these terrorists could have
surrendered to the United States which
is totally unrealistic I mean the
government's lawyers stood up in court
can get oral argument on our challenge
recently last month and the government's
lawyer stood up in court and said we
could detainment equitable for a hundred
years if we had to we have that on three
so that's the position it's taking for a
man who made a decision 17 years ago
when he was in his 20s to go to
Afghanistan who has never been alleged
to have participated in any actual
violence who's never been alleged to
have carried a weapon fought against the
United States our allies but who could
looking at my life sentence sorry I'm
thinking that part of the reason this is
happening because no outcry from the
American public and it's not a
particularly big issue it's not high on
their list of priorities can you explain
that right international wouldn't right
so with respect to national security and
where the Trump administration stands
they you know come at it from a position
of being very strong on national
security and keeping a facility like
one-time obey open is a symbol of that
there's this level of significance and
rebuking the Obama administration agenda
of trying to close it then keeping it
open and trying to fill as many people
with as possible whether they are
charged with an actual crime or not of
course you know the Obama administration
ran into a lot of red tape with respect
to closing it because there were not
many US presidents or any people that
wanted them to be transferred to the
United States what happened to President
Obama there's a little clip that we've
got and then you see me 2013 and he
seemed in 2016 have a look the idea that
we would still maintain forever a group
of individuals who have not been tried
that is contrary to who we are at is
contrary to our interests and it needs
to stop it is true that I have not been
able to close the darn thing because of
the congressional restrictions that been
placed on us admission of failure right
right there so people are being detained
there's no trial people who create who
knows when they're going to get out how
do you fix that
well there are a number of different
ways of course the the chief area that
you can look at is simply voting if you
don't like the people who are in power
you can vote to change you know
congressional elections Senate as well
as the President and with respect to you
know the candidate bureaucracy that
exists in Washington you have to try to
force not force but encourage the next
administration that comes in to put
people who are passionate about those
issues because it's not always about the
president's the president can always be
the figurehead who has the
vision but it's the people in the
executive branch who carry out that
policy and that's the most important
part you know what I think is very
critical it we the people are partly to
blame because our members of Congress
wouldn't let Obama do what he wanted and
when we try to transfer some of these
folks to American prisons the
communities got all all upset so it's
not you know I think as a country we
have to you know get our act together
and I think it would be wonderful if
this would be an issue in the next
election that people would talk about
and say put me in there and I'm gonna
fix this problem so more Americans are
not going to get killed
the reason though it won't ever become a
primary reason is because if you look at
the politics of it if you are a few or
four closing Guantanamo Bay that can put
you in the camp of being a terrorist
sympathizer that it's just as easy as
that oh for sure which is just the way
the American politicking works actually
not a viewer comment this is someone who
tweeted back to you partying and and one
of your organization's tweets Queen ante
up says well those are terrorists and
they should be locked up for life but we
got a viewer comment from someone who
spoke on that alka the lawyer says the
biggest challenge is that we
successfully convinced most of the US
and the world so the eight hundred were
all terrorists when most were sold for
bounty and trying to re-educate now
which new administration has actually
done is near impossible and and before
you answer that I just wanted to share
this viewer comment if someone was
watching the show live and sent this in
he's a former detainee at I fee he says
in fact we haven't escaped Guantanamo
yet I was moved from Guantanamo to
another one and worse he was held from
2002 to 2016 and is now in Serbia but
purdue's I know you wanted to comment on
that earlier tweet there's a I mean in
terms of you know they're all terrorists
I would ask that viewer to ask the
questions or herself what actually does
she know about the men who are detained
marry or frankly those who have been
released it doesn't come to the
government's mouth from you know
spokespeople for keeping much a little
bit
has she ever had real exposure has she
been able to hear the other side of the
story fully on the sensor no the answer
is no to those questions in terms of
breaking down the population right now
of the 40 men who remain 31 have never
been charged for the crime they are
being held for alleged conduct that they
did we have 17 years ago at the time of
capture the only evidence the government
has ever had to show to justify their
detention is is only the amount of
evidence that you would need to prove a
breach of contract case a negligence
case we're talking about incarceration
and life in prison and the standard
evidence the government has been held to
so has been held to is one of the lowest
that exists in the law five of the men
who remain have been cleared for
transfer by the government itself that's
important to understand what that means
that means that every government agency
government agency not defense lawyers
with the stake of these detentions has
gotten together looked at the
government's information about these
people and determined that their
continued detention is not necessary for
u.s. national Security's parties that
basically you are taking the Trump
administration to court over this how
confident do you feel that the judges
will will say you have a good case I
feel confident in our legal position
which is that indefinite detention
without charge and in particular on the
standard of evidence of the government
has been held to is entirely novel and
unprecedented in in terms of US law and
it's prohibited by international law so
I feel very confident in the legal
positions we're taking I think it
remains to be seen you know I don't know
how the judge will decide we thought
when we brought our first Montano case
in 2004 2002 on behalf of detainees at
that time right after 9/11 that we had
very little chance we've and we wanted
right I think the courts are our chance
I agree
so with Larry that the public needs to
care it is there is pressure that people
can exert on their members of Congress
that matters and I think it is it's hard
in this time of crisis everywhere under
President Trump to to pay attention to
Guantanamo but there is it's crucial to
remember that public pressure still
matters so I'm gonna leave it there
thank you public pressure still matters
Malika what's going on online I will
Intuit this tweet from Lauren who says
above all Guantanamo's existence cannot
become an accepted fact anyone who
believes in fair trial rights needs to
keep themselves informed as to what's
happening we can't turn a blind eye
Siraj and Larry and POTUS animalism it's
it's really good to have you on this
program I feel that there's so much more
to be said about Guantanamo and it will
in history when we look back at this
time people will be questioning what
happened and what potentially went wrong
but for now we're gonna wrap up the show
thank you very much for being part of
the stream we appreciate the time
today's discussion can continue online
so go to at AJ stream on twitter and you
can follow a twitter thread right there
Malik and I will see you online thanks
for watching
