reaching out to Tehran Donald Trump says
he's ready to meet Iran's president
anytime and with no preconditions so
what's behind this sudden offer and how
will Trump engage Iran when he's trying
to build a regional alliance against it
this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program
I'm Mohammed Jim Jim US President Donald
Trump has extended an olive branch to
Iran just a week after he threatened the
country Trump now says he's ready to
meet Iranian president Hassan rouhani
any time and without preconditions but
his secretary of sayed quickly
backtracked Trump's statement adding a
few caveats to any potential meeting
Mike Pompeo wants to see what he calls a
change in behavior from Iran before any
negotiations can go ahead Iran was also
quick to set its own conditions saying
the u.s. must rejoin the 2015 nuclear
deal before any talks can happen so we
have a lot to get to with our guests but
first this report from Allen Fisher at
the White House the US president
surprised offer came during a news
conference at the White House with
Italy's Prime Minister no preconditions
no they want to meet only anytime they
want anytime they want the u.s. violated
the deal is signed with Iran and its
international partners when President
Trump announced in May the US was
pulling out even though there was no
indication Iran was in breach this was a
horrible one-sided deal that should have
never ever been made he'd argued for
months it was a terrible deal
invite to scrapped it when he became
president he's offered to talk with
Iran's president we'll throw up many
more questions and no preconditions
means that he's ready to sign on the
dotted line so to speak with the
Iranians so will that be acceptable to
the region to the powers in the region
to the GCC specifically Saudi Arabia and
the UAE I doubt it we've been here
before they will be met with fire and
fury Donald Trump verbally attacked
North Korea and its leader before
agreeing to a meeting and earlier this
month he met Russian President Vladimir
Putin in Helsinki at a top-level summit
it'll be interesting to watch the
reaction to Donald Trump's offer when
Barack Obama was in the White House and
said he'd be willing to meet the Iranian
president he was heavily criticized by
Republicans Democrats and by many right
wing commentators who know largely
support Donald Trump one additional
problem might be who had broker a summit
with Iran South Korea paved the way for
the meeting with Kim jong-un
France might be an option president
Emmanuel macron had urged Donald Trump
not to walk away from the Iran deal
during a state visit to Washington his
links with Tehran and that might open up
the necessary diplomatic channels that
are voices senior people in this White
House who've been very critical of the
Iranian government and called for its
removal but this is Donald Trump's White
House if you want something to happen
then it could and soon Alan Fisher al
Jazeera at the White House all right so
let's go ahead and bring in our panel
joining us in Washington DC
Hillary man Leverett former White House
and State Department official with
responsibility for Iran in Tehran for a
days Adi a professor of world studies at
the University of Tehran and in Geneva
jean-marc rickly the head of global risk
at the Geneva Center for security policy
welcome to you all Hillary I want to
start with you so here's yet another
shift in tone from Donald Trump earlier
this month he threatens Iran now he's
saying that he's willing to meet with
Iranian president Hassan rouhani with no
conditions is there some kind of
strategy here or is this a spontaneous
statement well it's hard to say for sure
with President Trump and in particular
the wild swings in rhetoric make it more
difficult but I think a sober analysis
of Trump's moves and what he's done on
the world stage and who he actually
speaks to and from what we understand
listens to in Washington I think there
is a strategy it has been vastly
underreported and underestimated the the
key foreign policy person that Trump has
turned to in in the United States has
been Henry Kissinger Henry Kissinger the
former secretary of state to Nixon who
brokered the u.s. opening to China is
someone who takes we know what
Kissinger's views are and we know that
Trump has met with him from during the
campaign in 2016
throughout his presidency and that view
is one that looks at strong States
assesses whether those states are strong
whether those governments are strong and
whether a US president can actually work
with the person in charge
of those states so here in Washington
that's often derided how Trump Trump
implements it is that Trump somehow just
likes dictators but he doesn't like all
dictators he's looking at leaders who
are strong and who he either can or
needs to work with and then he seems to
try to set up these rhetorical poses to
put himself in a position to be able to
strike some sort of deal with those
leaders and work with those states so I
think if you take a sober analysis of
what Trump is doing and admittedly
that's difficult to do I think that is
the strategy is he's looking at strong
states and for better or worse I think
he has assessed from the beginning from
during the campaign that Iran is a
strong state and it will have to deal
with Iran in some way Trump just did not
want to be saddled with what he termed
his predecessor President Obama's
failure in the the deal that President
Obama struck and that has a root in the
domestic politics here in the United
States as well
anything that Trump can do to undermine
his predecessors legacy and make
President Obama the bad guy the straw
man in American domestic politics plays
well for president Trump's political
base here so another piece of this is
President Trump setting himself up
before the midterm elections in November
and his re-election campaign in 2020 to
dismantle President Obama's legacy both
domestic and foreign policy and to then
parade out a series of triumphs that
he's been able to to achieve that
President Obama couldn't john mark US
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo
essentially walked back Donald Trump's
comments but Donald Trump said that he
would be willing to meet with no
conditions from your vantage point when
Donald Trump says he'd be willing to
meet Hassan rouhani with no conditions
does he mean no conditions imposed by
Iran or no conditions imposed by the
u.s. well it's difficult to say what we
can see is some kind of peril with what
happened with North Korea if you look at
the way the Singapore meeting that
represented the first meeting between a
u.s. president and the Korean leader
what you see it started by saying that
each well he considered the opposing
side as someone he could deal with and
then you had a complete change of
rhetoric where it was very aggressive
and then that led to a an opening where
there could be some room for negotiation
and just before the meeting
the Singapore meeting went from issue
this letter that he would not probably
not meet kim jungeun and then in the end
they they met so here it might be part
of the way the Trump administration is
negotiating raising the stake in order
to get to a better bargaining positions
but it's very doubtful that there is no
pre preconditions I think represent
Trump made it clear before that he
doesn't want Iran to interfere in Middle
Eastern affairs he doesn't want Shia
militia to destabilize countries so
therefore I don't think that there are
no preconditions the conditions are that
Iran should would negotiate only if they
are ready to actually return to a
behavior that falls in line with United
States but also with the intentions of
the Arab allies in the region as well as
Israel for that it's worth noting that
Iran of course didn't pull out of the
Iran nuclear deal the u.s. pulled out of
the Iran nuclear deal do you believe
that Hassan rouhani would have any
incentive to meet with Donald Trump
right now and even if he did would he
have the political capital to do so Iran
doesn't have any problems with
negotiations Iran has been negotiating
about its nuclear program for the last
16 17 years the jcpoa the nuclear
agreement
two years of intensive negotiations
between Iran and p5 plus one so Iran is
used to negotiations the only problem
Iran has is that we are hearing
different policy ideas from Washington
as you pointed out President Trump talks
about negotiating without any conditions
without preconditions repeats this word
two times in that first conference and
then about an hour later his Secretary
of State comes and presents three
preconditions and then we translate
those three conditions in Farsi the
journalist senses is that the u.s. is
asking you want to let us run Iran's
domestic policy the second precondition
sounds like they want us to let us run
Iran's foreign policy and the third
precondition sounds to us in such a way
that they don't want Iran to have
missiles and they don't want you know to
have a peaceful nuclear program which no
one in Iran can accept these
preconditions rouhani or other people
welcome at a political suicide if they
want to entertain this type of
preconditions that mr. pump--ow talked
about just a few hours ago and a couple
of months ago he had a speech providing
12 three conditions
the two parties are interested in talks
or negotiations
generally if preconditions are presented
if you present 12 preconditions at least
one or two preconditions can be met by
the other side but the way this wording
the very disparate conditions were
presented they leave no room for anyone
in Iran to even entertain talking about
them or implementing them so there is a
problem in terms of who really speaks
for u.s. foreign policy its
fusing confusing signals coming out of
Washington and you know at University of
Tehran I teach American history I can't
remember any time in US history well a
US president talks about talking to
other another nation without
preconditions and then his Secretary of
State comes and presents three
conditions this is III don't remember
you know Americans called certain
countries occasionally banana republics
I need to apologize to Hillary but it
seems to me that the u.s. is turning to
another banana republic they need to
negotiate between themselves Trump and
canto need to negotiate among themselves
come up with a single message and then
someone in Tehran can respond to that
Hillary if we're talking about the
region as a whole I can't imagine that
Donald Trump's saying that he would
agree to meet with Hassan rouhani
without conditions I can't imagine that
that would be something that Saudi
Arabia or the United Arab Emirates would
want to hear how much concerned is a
statement like that cause for countries
like Saudi Arabia the UAE I think it
certainly causes a great deal of concern
but I think that is in part Trump's
intention that's in part Trump's
strategy is that he wants to keep other
states on their toes constantly trying
to come to back to the United States and
give the United States more Trump unlike
many of his predecessors and I think
perhaps unprecedented in American
history as my colleague in Tehran
pointed out he is able to look at each
player each state each set of interests
and pick and choose what he thinks is
good for the United States and even more
importantly what's good for him
personally what is good for President
Trump and so visa vie the Saudis and the
Emiratis I think that the white house
and Trump in particular have been very
disappointed in what they think the
Saudis should have given or even
promised to give the United States in
terms of investment in the United States
arms sales a whole range of things that
in particular the Saudi Crown Prince
promised when he came to Washington
he was in the United States for a
three-week visit he promised a whole
slew of things that he has not delivered
on so I think in part you see President
Trump trying to turn up the heat on our
allies in Saudi Arabia and in the
Emirates that you know that they're not
the only game in town the United States
could at a moment's notice
pivot and meet with someone like
President rouhani that we don't need the
Saudis we're not dependent on them
so I think that is in part really part
of the strategy that that that Trump is
is pursuing all right the u.s.
reportedly plans to create a new
security and political alliance with six
Gulf Arab states Egypt and Jordan it
will be known as the Middle East
strategic alliance an organization
similar to NATO that's made up of Sunni
Muslim allies its main job will be in
part to counter Iran's influence in the
region and to increase cooperation on
missile defense military training
counterterrorism and developing regional
ties sources say the plan might be
discussed later this year at a summit
scheduled in Washington iran's Foreign
Ministry spokesman Barham Qasimi
believes the alliance won't succeed
because of a lack of unity knowledge is
the term that was used which is Arab in
a doe
is wrong the reasons for creating the
Alliance and the countries that would
participate in it given the current
conditions in Arab countries clearly
indicate that this term is neither true
nor can it be a reality it is very clear
that there is no harmony or consensus
between these countries therefore an
Arab NATO is just a symbol and nothing
more mr. Trump is trying to take
advantage of the Arab and Islamic
world's weaknesses in order to steal the
resources of those countries jean-marc
let me ask you about this strategic
alliance first of all do you believe
that this summit is actually going to
happen and do you believe that this
potential alliance will be discussed at
this summit well as difficult to say
there was to be a meeting with the GCC
earlier in May that was later cancelled
because the ua made clear that he would
not attend the whole issue of creating a
arab nadir if he want is since last year
the problem of qatar
at the core of a military alliance you
have allies and right now you have a
very profound rift among the Arab Sunni
monarchy is pitting katara against
officially Saudi Arabia and and the UAE
so for that kind of alliance to
materialize you would need to first
solve this issue and as we've seen since
now almost 14 months the US has not been
able to put pressure on Saudi Arabia and
UE to settle the difference with with
Qatar quite the contrary the second
problem with such an alliance is if you
take NATO you have an article v which
commits to the defense of your allies
the policy of the Trump administration
has been to disengage as much as
possible from its military commitment
towards its allies and so here unlike
Europe where you have neither a Arab
NATO alliance wouldn't mean that it
would be very likely that the US would
have actually to be committed
underground in the Gulf region so that
would in a way run contradictory to what
present room expect which is America's
first meaning he wants to benefit from
allies but he want also to reduce
American footprint around the world
Hillary jean-marc brought up the the GCC
crisis is it even possible to create
this kind of a body this kind of an
alliance with the GCC crisis with the
embargo against cuts are still ongoing I
don't think so and I don't think there
are a lot of decision makers who really
think that this is going to happen they
did try it in the spring to see whether
it was possible but I think there has
been a real disillusion particularly
with the Saudis that there all of their
foreign adventures whether it's in Yemen
or Syria that they have failed
dramatically failed on the world stage
and so that the idea that the United
States is going to put its all of its
eggs in the Saudi and Emirati basket
to lead the united states leap should
leave the Middle East is something that
I think few in Washington have any
illusion is really going to work and
this the problem with with cuts are it
dramatically shows the the failure of
Saudi Power the Saudis you know not only
are they found in Yemen but I think the
perspective in Washington is they
couldn't even take on Doha that's not a
winning strategy for the United States
to to rest its entire security
architecture in the Persian Gulf on so
there are many in Washington think tanks
who who like to talk about this there
are some in the Pentagon as well in the
Defense Department who see it as a
last-ditch attempt by the United States
to be able to continue to sell the
hundreds of billions of dollars in
hardware and our missile defense systems
particularly in light of the recent
competition we're facing from Russia in
its s400 defense system but those those
pieces are I think they're not going to
come together with any kind of real
summit or real organization for an Arab
NATO that is focused on Saudi Arabia and
the United Arab Emirates so how does
Iran view the creation or the possible
creation of this alliance does iran view
this as a pretext by the u.s. to take
military action against Iran foreign
policy this American foreign policy
magazine had a piece few weeks ago
trying to answer this question whether
United States take military action
against Iran and the answer that that
analysis had and I think it's a
collective analysis is that US military
is going to have serious difficulties if
they engage it on militarily Iran's
regional reach and military ability is
at a level that the cost of attacking
Iran is going to be very very big so I
in Iran at least for the short term or
medium term we don't have this analysis
that u.s. is going to attack Iran
militarily with regard to having a
regional
security arrangement actually Iran has
been asking for that for a long time
Iran has argued that the countries of
this region should be able to provide
for their own security Iran does not
think United States or other countries
from outside this region should be here
providing security for countries that
can do their own so this is an argument
that Iran has had the problem we have
with this issue of what they call them
Arab NATO is that they actually
countries like Saudi Arabia want to
create this and get help from Israelis
to fight Iran which is going to be a
disaster when I say fight I don't mean
necessarily a military confrontation but
just confronting Iran and given the
recent history of Saudi foreign policy
disaster they have in Yemen killing
innocent women and children the disaster
they have that their neighbor in Qatar
the mess they made in Syria and Iraq one
could only conclude that Muhammad that
Salman doesn't know how to do foreign
policy and we cannot blame his age
because the North Korean leader is about
the same age and he's doing much better
than he is
so overall I think this idea of the
Saudis leading some sort of military
alliance is not really going to happen
seriously you know the Arab League has
had a military division for many years
and they haven't been able to meet on
regular basis for throughout their
history so I don't think these ideas
should be taken that says john-mark if
this alliance were to actually be
created could you envision any kind of a
scenario where Gulf countries we could
actually take on Iran militarily well I
think if that would materialize and it's
too big if I doubt it
the first year of relation would be
would be Yemen because if you again if
you have a similar article or article 5
the Saudis could claim that they have
been attacking the territory and that
would trigger
collective response half of it size
meaning that the US would have to be
committing much more than they are now
not just providing intelligence but they
would have to provide probably troops on
the ground as well as contribution in
air power obviously the region is not is
very prone to conflict we could also
think later if Jordan would be a part of
it a commitment in in Syria so that
would be a decision that would have
tremendous consequences for a u.s.
security policy but also for the balance
in the Gulf because if the US would
Forge such an alliance then it could no
longer play the role of the balancer
that is currently playing right now with
a few days ago to present rim tweeting
against Iran and now making some gesture
for for dialogue once you are committed
in a military alliance is very difficult
John Markham I'm sorry in answer
jean-marc thank you I'm sorry to
interrupt you she said we're about to
run out of time Hillary I'm gonna give
you the last word here we just have
about 30 seconds of course Barack Obama
former US president when he proposed the
possibility of meeting with Hassan
rouhani he faced a lot of anger from the
left and the right Donald Trump now
proposes much the same what do you
expect the reaction is going to be from
lawmakers in the US especially
Republicans well at this point I think
the entire political class the political
elite in Washington are somewhat beaten
down after Trump's summit meeting with
with Vladimir Putin in Helsinki and his
meeting in Singapore with the North
Korean leader I think the political
elite are quite beaten down in
Washington that said there is nothing
like the the pro-israel anti-iran
industry in Washington that you have
visa vie North Korea and Russia it is an
enormous industry here and all guns will
be out to prevent some kind of meeting
between presidents Trump and rouhani so
we'll have to see where that where that
lands all right we're gonna have to
leave it there we are out of time thanks
so much to all our guests Hillary man
Leverett fallout is aadi and John Mark
Richt Lee and thank you too for watching
you can see the program again
time by visiting our website
aljazeera.com and for further discussion
go to our Facebook page that's
facebook.com forward slash AJ inside
story you can also join the conversation
on twitter our handle is at AJ inside
story for me my how much I'm joining the
entire team here bye for now
you
