Justice Anthony Kennedy was nominated by
Ronald Reagan in 1987 the president's
third choice candidate for the Supreme
Court
Reagan presented Kennedy as a quote true
conservative and despite his reputation
as the key swing vote preserving female
reproductive rights and legalizing gay
marriage more often than not that proved
to be true during his last year Kennedy
didn't side with liberal justices once
displaying particular hostility to labor
unions for example even on abortion he
upheld attacks on the right of a woman
to choose in fact an analysis by the
website fivethirtyeight.com
found that Kennedy voted with
conservatives 57% of the time almost the
same as Chief Justice John Roberts and
only slightly less than other
conservative justices Alito Scalia and
Thomas but his retirement is cause for
concern for liberals not least because
of this campaign pledge from Donald
Trump aimed at his Christian
fundamentalist base to assist in the
overturning of Roe vs. Wade the 1973
Supreme Court case that established the
legality of abortion do you want to see
the court of our turn well if we put
another two or perhaps three justices on
that's really what's going to be head
that will happen and that'll happen
automatically in my opinion because I am
putting pro-life and justices on the
court this will be Donald Trump's second
Supreme Court pick Neil Gorsuch has
already established himself on the right
wing of the court Democrats have been
scathing in their assessment of the
latest nominee Brett Kavanaugh every
American who believes that our courts
should not be another puppet of the rich
and powerful should speak out and every
senator who believes in equal justice
under law should say no to judge
Kavanagh but it will be difficult for
Democrats to block Cavanaugh's
appointment especially since several
Democrats may support him she amber tan
C al Jazeera
