the rescue operation wraps up for the
last remaining hikers trapped on Mount
Rinjani more than 1,000 tourists from 26
different countries have managed to come
down to volcano
since the powerful earthquake struck on
Sunday one Indonesian man died
the remaining hikers are now safe the
guides and porters were amazing they
really helped us to find a safe spot
huge rocks were falling it was really
scary and there was a lot of dust at the
foot of the mountain evidence that there
was little safe ground here during the
earthquake
a group of hikers were staying in this
home stay on Malaysian woman died the
house owners look for their gas
passports only to find a broken mobile
phone and some clothes the woman who
died had just taken a shower and was
still on her phone on the bed probably
sending a message to her family because
she wanted to go home that morning then
this very strong earthquake happened
this mountain is more than just a
tourist destination many people call
this place home more than 5000 of them
are now homeless the government has
promised funds to rebuild more than a
thousand homes never before have they
felt an earthquake this powerful at the
foot of Mount Rinjani and aftershocks
are still happening that's why even
though their homes are not damaged most
people here have decided to spend the
night in tents the earthquake happened
during the peak of the tourist season
but for the time being one of
Indonesia's main attractions the
country's second largest active volcano
will be closed to hikers step fasten
al-jazeera at the foot of Mount Rinjani
in Lombok
