Tunisia's tourism industry is taken off
the sandy beaches of sewers in the
north-east are again bustling sofiane
back Lutie is a general manager of
Siebel Hotel all 480 beds are fully
booked even though the hot season has
ended
although his desert come to mourn our
sisters in 2017 we started to feel like
European tourists are coming back and in
2018 there was a remarkable increase
European tourism especially Western
European tourists classic markets like
Belgian English Luxembourgers and also
French seems like these have not been
seen since early 2011 for the uprising
that toppled former President Zine El
Abidine Ben Ali that triggered a series
of popular revolts in the region known
as the Arab Spring
as in all Arab Spring nations Tunisia
paid a hefty price for the sudden
political upheaval and groups linked to
al Qaeda and ISIL staged attacks across
the country the bloodiest Wars on the
Bardo Museum in the capital Tunis in
March 2015 that killed 22 people 20 of
them European tourists the attacks led
to a severe drop in visitor numbers
hitting the country's economy this is
also on the deliberative you can say
that the hot season has ended but urgent
season is excellent as well and there
are still lots of hotels which will be
full forked over an early November it
was positive and statistics are here to
confirm that
but that situation began to change early
2017 with a marked improvement this year
nearly 5.5 million tourists have arrived
since January and major European
operators including Thomas Cook to you I
have resumed holidays to Tunisia the
government says it expects visitor
numbers to hit a record eight million by
the end of the year for Tunisian tourism
means not only economic ease but also
peace a feeling shared by those arriving
in the country it's my first visit and
Denis I am feel comfortable and safe and
I see you have a lot of policemen and
armaments it looks safe safe yes of
course I'm saying I like Tunisia very
much the people are very kind here our
culture good food I like it very much
the bazaars in zoos and elsewhere are
testament to the changed atmosphere
handicraft sellers are again busy all
hoping that the bad times are over for
good Hamilton al Jazeera
