the yes president surprise offer came
during a news conference at the White
House with Italy's Prime Minister no
preconditions no they want to meet only
anytime they want anytime they want the
u.s. violated the deal is signed with
Iran and its international partners when
President Trump announced in May the US
was pulling out even though there was no
indication Iran was in breach this was a
horrible one-sided deal that should have
never ever been made he'd argued for
months it was a terrible deal invite to
scrap it when he became president his
offered to talk with Iran's president
will throw up many more questions and no
preconditions means that he's ready to
sign on the dotted line so to speak with
the Iranians so will that be acceptable
to the region to the powers in the
region to the GCC specifically Saudi
Arabia and the UAE I doubt it we've been
here before they will be met with fire
and fury Donald Trump verbally attacked
North Korea and its leader before
agreeing to a meeting and earlier this
month he met Russian President Vladimir
Putin in Helsinki at a top-level summit
it'll be interesting to watch the
reaction to Donald Trump's offer when
Barack Obama was in the White House and
said he'd be willing to meet the Iranian
president he was heavily criticized by
Republicans Democrats and by many right
wing commentators who know largely
support Donald Trump one additional
problem might be who had broker a summit
with Iran South Korea paved the way for
the meeting with Kim jong-un
France might be an option President
Emmanuel macron had urged Donald Trump
not to walk away from the Iran deal
during a state visit to Washington his
links with Tehran and that might open up
the necessary diplomatic channels that
are voices senior people in this White
House who've been very critical of the
Iranian government and called for its
removal but this is Donald Trump's White
House if you want something to happen
then it could and soon Alan Fisher al
Jazeera at the White House
