Indians no more four million people have
been left off a list of citizens in the
northern state of Assam Narendra Modi's
government argues they could not produce
valid documents so have they become
stateless and will this create further
division this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Mohammed Jim Jim four million people in
northern India have effectively lost
their citizenship after their names were
left out of a national database of
registered citizens the list now
includes only those who were able to
prove they were in Assam state before
1971 for the people who've been left off
this list there's fear they might become
stateless or even face deportation but
Indian leaders have assured them there
won't be any immediate deportations and
people can appeal to have their names
registered this all goes back to
Bangladesh as 1971 War of Independence
that's when hundreds of thousands of
people fled to India to escape the
fighting many of them settled in the
northeastern part of the country mainly
in Assam we'll bring in our guests in a
moment but first this report from Paul
Tudor Jian forty-five-year-old minara
begum is battling cancer and the
National Registry of citizens
she has appeared at an NRC foreigners
tribunal six times to proof she's an
Indian citizen seven million of the 32
million people who live in Assam state
had until Sunday to do the same I'm
extremely upset my health is getting
worse and if I don't get justice my
children will be treated as citizens of
India if my name doesn't appear in the
NRC list than their names will not
appear either critics of the citizens
registry say a movement by the Asami's
to protect their culture has turned into
xenophobia Prime Minister Narendra Modi
promised his Hindu nationalist party
would take action against undocumented
Muslims who fled to India during the
Bangladesh Liberation war against
Pakistan in 1971 the foreigners tribunal
has identified many such people whose
name will not be appearing in on our see
this exercise has left so many genuine
Indian citizens in trouble after being
questioned by the NRC tribunal nearly a
thousand people were deemed to be
foreigners and sent to detention camps
supporters of the registry say their
campaign doesn't discriminate between
Bengalis Muslims or Hindus
it's very simple those who have entered
up to 71 Hindus and Muslims as far as
some accord their name will be in the
updated NRC but beyond 70 and Hindus and
Muslims names definitely won't be a
daring he an updated NRC India's
interior minister has ordered security
to be tightened before the release of
the updated registry on Monday Raj Nath
Singh says there's no reason for anyone
to panic and he has ruled out further
detentions the government of the T
growing and oil-rich Assam state denies
accusations it's targeting poor and
uneducated Muslims idea there are more
than 57 percent Muslims in Assam they
are mostly living below the poverty line
these people are illiterate no education
system exists in their villages despite
the government's reassurances many who
think they won't be listed on the NRC
fear detention and expulsion but they
may have nowhere to go
the federal government says undocumented
immigrants can apply for Indian
citizenship but hasn't released details
Paul Chatterjee on al Jazeera
all right let's bring in our panel in
Mumbai Rana Ayub writer and author of
the Gujarat files in New Delhi Prem
Shankar Jha former editor of The
Hindustan Times and in Guwahati in Assam
Amman Wadud a high court advocate and a
lawyer who works free of charge on cases
of undocumented immigrants in Assam
welcome to you all come on I want to
start with you has this latest move now
effectively made millions of people
stateless no this has not made any one
state lives you would have to understand
that this is not the final energy this
is only a draft and RC not the final NRC
this is a part of a continuous process
towards the final energy so today no one
has become stateless no one is going to
detention centre and no one has become a
foreigner all these people who have been
dropped will have to will have to apply
to know the reason why they have been
dropped and then they will have to
participate in the claims and objection
process but no one has become stateless
turning prem
you heard what Amon just said do you'd
agree or disagree with that assessment
yes he is correct because this is only a
draft but the question that that bothers
me is why should the first draft of had
only 19 million names when 30 2.9
million had applied for a 4/4 being
included in the NRC I think that the 14
million how are they going to fill it
SEC the second point that bothers me is
look why is this process being done in
this way you've got the census data
you've got all the big names from there
there's people about 18 and the only
question that you need to ask yourself
is are other people who are outside that
and asked the questions of those people
that would make it work this doesn't
work and then the third thing is going
back to 1971 this is this is wrong in
principle because you cannot blame the
parents your father you can't blame a
child for
sins of the parents if a child has been
born in India then however he got there
he is Indian this is the law all over
the world wherever there is citizenship
by birth this must be taken into account
and you cannot go to the courts all the
time for God's sake the courts have got
32 million cases of areas behind them
and they take in any case three to five
years for a single case and anybody
who's done this already knows that he
gets bigger than the process and Burt
who can't afford it so effectively all
the all the power lies in the hands of
the bureaucrats and the police and the
bureaucrats and the police in India have
invariably unfortunate and unfortunately
been extremely extortionate so this is
really good to become a way of money
being made in colossal amounts from the
poorest people in the country and from
time to time whenever they feel like it
you and go and get some more money
Ronna I saw you nodding along to what
Prem was saying so I want to ask what
your response is to what he had to say
but before that obviously this is a very
complicated decades-long issue could you
help explain to our viewers what exactly
the role of the NRC is what this is all
about well you know the NRC what it is
done today it seems to be a very
opportunity process where parents have
their name and children do not have
their name we have to understand that
this is a stage but in 1983 even the
biggest massacres took place in India
the nellie massacre on the issue of
whose a migrant that was not a migrant
the NRC today basically is also
following up what the government had
promised in his election mandate it will
show all the Bangladeshi immigrants who
stayed in Assam because this is a big
issue in Assam which is us the insiders
and the outsiders the legitimate
citizens of India and Bangladesh
immigrants when mr. Modi the Prime
Minister of India campaign in Assam in
2016 he said that we will throw all
Bangladesh immigrants out of the country
now that is also one of the reasons why
NRC has been you know has been given the
mandate of deciding who else'd who the
citizen is and but this has to be seen
in the larger context of who is a
migrant the global context where we are
talking about the migrant issue the
process has been so
arbitrary that you know that's today we
saw in the list I notice as as Aman said
this is not the final business only a
draft but if the draft is so arbitrary
there yes there are people who will be
given the chance to appeal but what if
tomorrow the appeal is rejected will
they be deported will they be you know
will they be detained the Bangladeshi
government has cuts as does not consider
them citizens of their country so where
their belt these whole lakh people go
where they where will they be sent this
is a very arbitrary procedure and a
majority of this population are Bengali
speaking Muslims and some Bengali Hindus
you in Rana Rana sorry this country Ron
I'm sorry to interrupt I just want to
also add that NRC obviously is the
National Register of citizens in India
but also to add to the point that you
made about this rhetoric that had been
heard from the prime minister in 2016
also even in 2014 we heard Narendra Modi
say that illegal immigrants must go back
that they are robbing the youths of
India their livelihood isn't that
correct right yes he has said that in
fact so which is why today's judgement
is very important because this judgment
comes close on the heels of the 2019
general elections where Modi will have
to tell the people of this country that
he has to walk the table
so today's decision is not just to draft
its what it's also be what would be in
India think about these migrants and
those also decide the future of these
microphones and where do they go it's
also political it's also a political
statement that this is making with this
Aman you said a few minutes ago that
those that aren't on this list that
there will be a process by which they
can appeal right but what I'd like to
know is what is that appeals process
going to look like because we've been
told that appeals can be made between
August 30th and September 28th is the
government going to adhere to that
timeline will the government be giving
help to those who want to appeal the
decision we'll see the major challenge
now is how will these four million
people will take part in his claims an
objection process because like I said
they will first have to apply from 7th
of August to know exactly the reasons
why they have been dropped
secondly from 30th August to 28th of
September they will have to apply for
the claims and objection
process they will have to participate in
the process now we have to understand
that that majority of the people are
poor and illiterate and how will they
take part in the process is in the major
challenge because I have been working
creating awareness among people since
2015 when this process started so the
the one of the major hurdle was for this
poor and illiterate people that how will
they fill up the forms and because they
don't know about the due process so this
is obviously a major major challenge and
the time period I believe should be
extended it is it is as per the rule of
the rule have to be amended or the
Honorable Supreme Court have to extend
this time because for 4 million people
one month time will be too less time now
because this is going you know this is
the due process so the due process
should be made hassle-free it should be
convenient for the people and maybe the
civil society should also take part in
the process to help this poor and
illiterate people and the energy should
should should make the process more
convenient for em I saw you reacting to
what Amon was saying there did you have
a point that you wanted to make yes I do
actually first of all this law whether
you like it or not is retro retroactive
and any law that is retroactive is bad
in the law everything else of you know
but what do you do do you deport them if
they don't get the thing do they put
them in prison do they do forced them
across the border to Bangladesh all
these are secondary they arise only if
the law itself is bad I don't add then
that the appeal process has been given
to individuals actually it should be
someone should be appealing to the
Supreme Court now that you please lay
down the directive that retroactively
you know present you no provisions are
completely wrong and that they must not
be there and they will not be respected
by the court right from now we need a
directive from the Supreme Court just
now and that's what's the civil rights
organisations to go for I want
one more thing I fully sympathize with
the problem of SSM if it had a very
powerful it has a very powerful culture
and a long history and it has been
completely sir muddied in the in the
past 50 years because the tragedy of
partition but that does not mean that
you that one wrong should be complete
compounded by a second wrong what have
those poor people done that they should
be suffering well what what should
someone who's 18 or 19 today
why should he suffer because his father
ran away from a massacre 40 years ago
right Rana well I'm sorry I think that
the basic thing is behind this may I
just finish go ahead I think the basic
purpose behind this whole business is in
fact but continue the polarization of
India in the vain hope I hope vain hope
that it will not lead to in the hope of
a victory for them for the forces of
eleuthera Hindu fascism it's not in do
ISM at all I'm a Hindu this is not
Hinduism I reject this kind of ISM ok
Rana you just heard Prem talking about
polarization division in India you
recently wrote a piece in The Guardian
entitled mobs are killing Muslims in
India why is no one stopping them why is
religious-based hate crime on the rise
in India right now well because if you
see Prime Minister's movie mr. Moody's
ascent to power in 2019 has been in the
business of religious polarization but
on the biggest riots in India happened
on the eve of the 2014 election mr.
Modi's also the former Chief Minister of
Gujarat wherein under his leadership the
biggest anti-muslim riots took place his
key and the if you see the language
spoken by his leaders I mean his Union
but of his key Union ministers honored
those who were accused of lynching
Muslims on the streets
another leader has said that if a Muslim
start a stop eating beef they will not
be lynched this seems to be a statement
aid
what's happened asan today is a part of
the government creating the Muslims as
the other the Adonis campaign of this
government where they are polarizing
Indian Hindus and Muslims the the
message that goes out of today's NRC
report is that we
going to send these immigrants who also
happen to be Muslims away to where they
belong because they do not belong to in
there that's the bottom line that's the
larger messaging that is happening with
today's report and this is keeping in
mind the 2019 election wherein the
government is making migrants Muslim
migrants and Muslim citizens of this
country as a part of the other logistic
that they do not belong to the
mainstream and this process is happening
in the form of lynching in the form of
interim the government you know BJP
Carter's opposing into Muslim marriages
communal sentiments being built the Taj
Mahal not being gone you know it means
be made against that man and now today
this this report by the NRC this is all
a part of a project that the Indian
government is leading of communal
polarization which will which is its
mean which is its main trump card
leading up to 2019 election because
there has been no development so you
have to create the ordinance you have to
create a Covino cauldron before the
elections all right let's take a closer
look at the 1971 war that led to the
creation of Bangladesh the nearly
nine-month conflict was between what was
then known as West and East Pakistan it
began after the Pakistani military
government based in West Pakistan
launched an operation to fight the
Magali opposition in the East hundreds
of thousands of people in the region
fled to neighbouring India which joined
the war on the side of Bengali
nationalist forces after Pakistan
launched airstrikes on its northern
region the war ended after West Pakistan
surrendered in Bangladesh declared its
independence all right I'm on let me ask
you how real is the threat of violence
as a result of the new register of India
and the government of Assam I assured
that there won't be any kind of violence
until now the day has been peaceful and
I hope there is no violence but I would
like to add one thing that there is a
perception that we have to look at the
migrant issue sympathy sympathetically
but where is the migrant if you talk
about Bengali Muslims you know they have
started kind of migrating but then in
1800 something when even Bengal was not
partitioned then India forget about
India being partitioned even being all
was not partitioned the migration
started since then and it was like you
know migrating from one district to
another district so generally people
think that there´s a lot of Muslim
migrants here immigrants here I don't
see I have been fighting for people who
have been accused accused of being
illegal immigrant and I have never come
across any Bengali Muslim who have
crossed the border after 1947 so this is
one thing we will have to keep in mind
that you know particularly Bengali
Muslim they have Mike started migrating
to one district from other district they
1800 something and from 1910 to 1930 the
migration was more because of the
British because of a well-planned
strategy of the British er to grow more
food so after 1947 there has been almost
no migration in fact there has pre-built
integrations because after 1947 that has
been atrocities on the Muslims and
people from this side have migrated to
that side people don't speak about these
people generally the things because
there has any perceptions that there are
Muslims who are Bangladesh is here which
is not the truth Rana it looked like you
wanted to jump and make a point there
what did you want to say yeah I could
not agree more with what I'm gonna say
because if you know we haven't yet
defined who is the migrant here in Assam
I mean you know if you this is these are
not whom these are non migrants you have
come post 71 these are others these are
migrants who have come in the 90s or
these are these are not migrants or come
in recently these are people who are
inhabitants of this country who are been
staying in this country so what as I
said in the beginning gas Queen there is
no definition who suppose the microwave
this clearly seems to be an attempt to
through to basically tell the citizens
of when they are then that these are
Muslim citizens who do not belong here
because there is no definition of what
is a migrant here in the in this case
and I'm gonna rightly put that across
Prem look at a time when statelessness
is on the rise at a time when the
revenge' are the largest group of
stateless people in the world isn't this
a homegrown crisis that India just
doesn't need at the moment it most
certainly does not need it and I want to
say one more thing look if you take 1971
a sort of a deadline you know for this
didn't I must insist and I shall go to
court to insist that the ten million
Hindus who were thrown out of Bangladesh
are also sent out they must also be
stateless exactly like the Muslims or
who they want to make stateless this is
this is complete this is the most
ruthless and unprincipled politics that
I have ever come across and I want I'm
and you you're fighting cases please go
straight to the Supreme Court at this
point right now before before the final
register comes out don't wait for the
damage to be done and then to repair the
damage afterwards there will be no time
and there's no money and the courts take
ten and twelve years look at the cases
from the Ahmedabad rats this day this is
they've been going on even now and
judgment coming out as late as 2014 12
years later who will get to wait for 12
years
please tell me this is the reality of
India a judicial system has broken down
so to say that you can appeal is like
saying you have no chance at all what we
have done to you is done well Rana you
heard this urgent call by Prem just now
when it comes to when it comes to appeal
I want to ask you further about this
appeal process how easy or difficult is
it going to be for those not on the list
to actually appeal this decision I think
I think it's frame rightly pointed out
the legal processes our codes are laws
are not really a dipped at handling and
issue of this of you know of this nature
but before that I mean you spoke about
the Rohingya crisis and you know that's
a crisis that India is grappling with I
think in India's response to the
Rohingya crisis in the last couple of
months and we know a couple of lawyers
have appealed to the Supreme Court in
petition to the Supreme Court to take
the migrants in India and the ones who
are already the Rohingya migrants are
already in India a very few minority of
them are being demonized by the state by
the Indian state by the beach if you
will government with rumors like these
them blowing Kia's Armani meters and
they'd be she'll be thrown out of India
I think what it really boils down but
the us are stand on the Rohingya crises
are sternum a salvage astonished you
well the migrant is issues that all of
them each one of them are Muslims so
this attempt this is not about my this
is not the migrant issue were talking
Muslim story as far as your concern
about appeals
at this point of time we have four
million people I do not think the
government really has a pallidus to
handle appeals by so many people at this
point of time because they're the Indian
legal system is already inundated with
million with lakhs of cases from across
the country there are riots cases there
are you know there are communal wires
and to me there are made hundreds of
issues plaguing the Indian judiciary so
I think this is the least of the
concerns of the Indian government I
really see a grim future for for the
people assam who are being who are not
on their names in the list today
Aman we're we're running out of time so
I'm gonna give you the last word here if
those who appeal the decision are still
denied citizenship what happens to them
is a detention is a deportation what
happens next
see there is an objection process and
after that the final energy will come
and those people who are dropped from
the final LRC they will have to appeal
before the foreignness tribunal and only
if the form is Kipnis declare these
people as foreigner then the question
will come now the government the
Honorable Supreme Court should decide
what is the future roadmap you know what
what are they going to do with these
people but then four million people this
number is going to be reduced reduced to
a small number i I sincerely hope
because in the 40 million 4 million
people who have been dropped from my
family you know two siblings name is
they are two sibling they were not their
mother for the name is their children's
names are not there so I sincerely hope
that so the claim some objections
process lots of names lot of people's
names will be included in the included
in the final energy all right we're
gonna have to leave it there we are out
of time I want to thank all our guests
Rana Ayub prim chunk way ja and Amman WA
dude
and thank you too for watching you can
see the program again any time by
visiting our website aljazeera.com
and for further discussion go to our
Facebook page that's facebook.com/ /aj
inside story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
aj inside story from me Muhammad
Abdullah and the entire team here bye
for now
you
