there's no tractor or trailer or
reliance on the Sun or the rain instead
special lighting as helping this crop of
basil and dill to grow
this is the UK's first fully automated
vertical farm where the vents built into
the trays pump the right amount of air
to regulate the temperature and humidity
we've taken a field we've cut it into
tray sized pieces up at six and a half
square meters and as you can see behind
me we've stacked them up on top of each
other then we've put them in a box and
we've made the weather inside the box so
we've made our own sunshine we've made
our own rain we've made our own wind we
can heat we can cool we can deal with
humidity under this system being
developed in Scotland crops can grow
quickly using 97 percent less water than
normally would be used this method of
farming isn't being seen as a
replacement for more traditional methods
of Agriculture but it could be useful in
areas where it's difficult to grow crops
and where the climate is extreme and
changing the way we produce food will be
vital in the future the UN is warning
that by 2050 the global population will
be more than 9 billion and will need to
produce 70% more food to feed everyone
this technology allows us to grow food
in areas of the world where it's very
difficult because of the claimant or
inators of the world where there's
actually very little land available so
it changes the whole food system supply
chain for example but also seriously
reduces the amount of energy and inputs
that we have to put into making food
here they're aiming to be energy neutral
as the demands of our population
increase so too will our need for
innovation Emma Haywood al-jazeera in in
beggary in Scotland
