they were hoping for answers but walked
away with nothing
families of those on board mh370 the
plane that disappeared on its way from
Kuala Lumpur to Beijing more than four
years ago said they were frustrated that
a newly released investigation report
failed to shed any light on the incident
there's no answer even answer any of the
question the Malaysian government
released the safety investigation report
on Monday but investigators have not
been able to find out why the aircraft
diverted from its flight path the report
says the change in course was unlikely
to have been caused by a system failure
we cannot establish if the aircraft was
flown by any one but we also cannot
exclude the possibility that there's
unlawful interference by a third party a
search by the Australian Malaysian and
Chinese government's has failed to
locate the plane a second search carried
out by a us-based exploration firm which
ended this year has also been unable to
pinpoint a location the plane is thought
to be somewhere in the southern Indian
Ocean scattered pieces of debris from
mh370 have washed ashore on African
beaches and Indian Ocean islands but no
bodies have ever been recovered the
Malaysian government has said it's open
to resuming a search if there's credible
evidence of the planes location
Florence lui al Jazeera
