forty-five-year-old Mon awara Begum is
battling cancer and India's national
registry of citizens she has appeared at
the foreigners tribunal six times to
prove she's an Indian citizen four
million of the 32 million people who
live in the northern Assam state now
have to do the same so I'm extremely
upset my health is getting worse and if
I don't get justice my children will be
treated as citizens of India if my name
doesn't appear in the NRC list then
their nails will not appear either
critics of the National Registry of
citizens say movement by the minority
SMEs to protect their culture has turned
into xenophobia during his 2016 election
campaign in Assam state then candidate
Narendra Modi promised his Hindu
nationalist party would take action
against undocumented Muslims who fled to
India during the 1971 war between
Bangladesh and Pakistan the foreigners
tribunal has identified many such people
whose name will not be appearing in on
our see this exercise has left so many
genuine Indian citizens in trouble
after being questioned by the tribunal
nearly a thousand people were deemed to
be foreigners and sent to detention
camps human rights activists say under
international law it is illegal to
detain foreigners in prisons one
independent observer who visited two of
the six camps in Assam state caused them
hellish it's a prison within a prison
and even more isolated because we don't
even have the right to go out into the
courtyard and mix with people etc so
they not allowed a single dias pero de
Indias Interior Minister has increased
security ahead of the release of the
updated registry on Monday Raj Nath
Singh says there's no reason for anyone
to panic and he has ruled out further
detentions the government of the tea
growing and oil-rich Assam state denies
accusations it's targeting poor and
uneducated Muslims idea there are more
than 57%
in Assam they are mostly living below
the poverty line these people are
illiterate no education system exists in
their villages despite the government's
assurances many whose names are not on
the new list fear detention and
expulsion but they may have nowhere to
go
the federal government says undocumented
immigrants can apply for Indian
citizenship but it hasn't said how they
can do that Paul Chatterjee on al
Jazeera
