free after a jail ordeal much the same
as hundreds experienced by young
Palestinians every year but the case of
a had to me me is profoundly different
with her mother now a man who shared
jail time with her she was greeted by
her father
I had to Mimi is already being portrayed
by Palestinians as an icon of resistance
to the occupation the bar
she spoke on a range of political issues
including Gaza and the rights of
children in Israeli jails to get
education and sit exams and she managed
to do after pressuring the authorities
later she told Al Jazeera she was
deprived of some rights in jail the
interrogation was really hard
I was subject to several violations the
interrogator used obscene words to me
there were no female soldiers there and
I have a right to that I had two male
interrogators questioning me also as a
minor they didn't arrange for a family
member to be there which was my rights
people are describing you as an icon do
you intend to take up politics perhaps
not maybe with time when I'm able I
might think about becoming a politician
at some point the prison sentence was
for this I had slapping Israeli soldiers
outside her home filmed by her mother
naira man the video went viral then her
head was arrested a short time later her
mother was also detained her father who
spent most of his life as an activist
with several prison terms says he's both
proud and sad I had lost her childhood
was teenager she can't live normally I
feel I feel some type guilty because we
can't in the occupation and it's become
part of the duty and responsibility of
our children
her father is probably right when he
talks about his daughter's life changing
for good at the heart of it all is
social media
the battle over imagery and symbolism
and so this is the face that
Palestinians and the Israelis security
forces expect to represent more defiance
to the occupation
it may be a start and not an end to her
actions
Andrew Simmons al Jazeera nabi seller in
the occupied West Bank
