what was once an open border crossing
between friendly neighbors is now walled
off Iraq sealing the border with Syria
for national security reasons it's
already completed a 20 kilometer stretch
Iraqi helicopters patrol from the air
the Iraqi army stands guard on the
ground we have implemented a strategic
project just like any other country in
the world to protect our borders frankly
speaking this is the best approach in
terms of implementing security and we
can protect ourselves from infiltrators
smugglers and terrorists the threat from
ISIL has largely been dealt with after
the Iraqi army recaptured seized
territory and declared victory last year
however so-called ISIL sleeper cells
have taken advantage of the open border
and infiltrated from Syria securing the
border has been welcomed by government
leaders in Damascus the Syrian side
wants to secure the border area also so
they can prevent cross-border
infiltration and so far both countries
have had success in capturing fighters
but Iraq's priority is to secure the
border because of the absence of a
completely secure Syrian border the
construction project began in June
concrete walls barbed wire fences and
sand barriers surveillance towers too
are to be installed in the coming months
if it's successful Iraq will close the
rest of the border with Syria some 600
kilometers however it still has to deal
with what it calls sleeper cells that
are inside Iraq in some of the main
cities and in the countryside
Imran Khan al Jazeera Baghdad
