this could have been a day of political
change for Cambodia instead voters lined
up knowing there was little chance of
that the choice was vote for a
continuation of Prime Minister Hun Sen's
33 year rule back one of 19 small
opposition parties most of which can't
be called truly independents or stay
away
I came to vote because it's my right and
my obligation every five years I want to
see my country develop more at this
polling station in the capital / Phnom
Penh kem sokha was still on the voter
list he's the leader of the band
Cambodian national rescue party which
called for people to boycott the votes
this is where kem sokha would have cast
his vote if he were not in jail awaiting
trial on treason charges this could have
been a day of big celebrations for him
and his party given they almost won the
last election five years ago the
assumption is they became too popular so
had to be removed by a government
determined to stay in power cnrp
is dissolved how could it say it is an
outlaw party so we don't want to race
about this matter we want to say what
Cambodia can do for the future democracy
across town the Prime Minister voted
early in an election that's been
dismissed as illegitimate by many even
longtime supporter Japan refused to send
election monitors among Cambodians
choosing to stay away was conveyed out
who won a seat in local elections last
year only to lose it when his party was
dissolved he now drives for a living and
hopes one day he can re-enter politics I
will never give up and I strongly hope
that in the future my party can be
revived through Cambodians voting for it
and I believe that Cambodians will
provide justice for the cnrp with
fingers stained purple for those who
voted there will be no hiding for those
who didn't and may now fear
repercussions the government including
the prime minister tried to intimidate
people into voting even though it's
optional another sign say critics of his
increasingly authoritarian rule that
seems set to continue
