a caravan of thousands of Honduran
migrants is on a long journey north to
the United States they say they're
fleeing violence and poverty in their
home country God give us support and
help us in this precarious moment we are
in Honduras killing us without cost of
electricity with health care with all of
our worries about security where instead
of protecting us they are killing us in
Honduras singing the Honduran national
anthem and chanting yes we can the
migrants head north police stopped them
for several hours at the Guatemalan
border but eventually let them continue
we're going because Honduras is making
us go why because hey Duras is one of
the poorest countries we have a
government that doesn't support all of
the people we have to leave fleeing
fleeing from our country where we have
to be able to get ahead and that's not
happening we have to look for other
places where we can get ahead the
caravan began just a few days after US
Vice President Mike Pence called on
Central American countries to stop mass
migration and u.s. President Donald
Trump threatened to cut off aid if the
immigrants are allowed to continue their
journey but these people say they won't
stop they've vowed to continue marching
until they make it to the United States
and have a chance at a better life
Paul Chatterjee on al Jazeera
