recent weeks have seen the worst
escalation of violence between Israel
and Hamas since the 2014 war on Gaza
Israel targeted Hamas military bases
after an Israeli soldier was shot dead
by a Palestinian sniper on July the 20th
Hamas responded by firing rockets
towards Israel most of which were
intercepted by Israel's Iron Dome
defense system another three
Palestinians including a 12 year old boy
was shot dead on Friday during protests
at the Gaza border fence the UN special
coordinator for Middle East peace Nicole
I'm Laden off scene here in Gaza
earlier this month is leading efforts
along with the Egyptian government for a
lasting ceasefire Hamas says it doesn't
want war Ladon offs efforts are ongoing
and we haven't reached a dead end yet
but Palestinians have a right to protest
the Israelis are the aggressors and the
resistance has a right to defend and
retaliate to calm the situation the
siege should be completely lifted
without delay there are 13 different
armed groups in Gaza Islamic Jihad is
the second most powerful they disagree
with Hamas about any future
reconciliation with the Palestinian
Authority dominated by the rival Fatah
party but like all factions Islamic
Jihad say they will defend the
protesters alone a shovelful Australian
and today the Palestinian people are
incapacitated they've tried to use all
means to break the siege and failed so
now they are using weekly protests these
Israeli soldiers are not snipers they're
killers hiding behind their uniforms
they've killed our children and elderly
people the Israeli government has been
under increasing pressure from some
politicians they're urging a large-scale
military operation against Hamas and the
various armed factions in Gaza after
fires started by incendiary carrying
balloons and kites burnt crops and land
Palestinian protesters have launched far
fewer of the balloons carrying
in rags in recent days mediation efforts
led by the United Nations Middle East
peace envoy and Egypt continued and the
standoff between Hamas and Israel goes
on but both sides know that any
provocation risks another war chants
trafford al Jazeera Gaza
