hello I'm Sami Zayn and this is counting
the cost and aljazeera your weekly look
at the world of business and economics
this week as facebook mike stock market
history will look at how the
concentration of huge profits in a
handful of companies is impacting
everyone else also this week Africa's
blue economy concerns about the lack of
data and marine protections as offshore
diamond mining becomes a reality plus
cementing the BRICS major emerging
economies push for closer ties to offset
Trump's protectionism Google's parent
company alphabet Facebook and Amazon all
stepped up with quarterly earnings this
week and there was some very interesting
takeaways it's less than a week since
the EU hit alphabet with a 5.1 billion
dollar fine over the way limits
competition through its Android mobile
software that's a very big fine
companies profits are even bigger
Facebook though shocked investors
forecasting slowing revenues as a result
it's or about a hundred and nineteen
billion dollars wiped off its stock
market value the largest one-day loss
for any company in US stock market
history Kristin salumi reports from New
York for Facebook which has experienced
exponential growth since its initial
public offering in 2012 it was an
uncharacteristic plunge in market value
after an uncharacteristically bad
quarterly report on Thursday share
prices tumbled sure profits were up 31
percent over last year but for the first
time since 2015 they fell short of
expectations to some extent this
correction was expected I think the
smart money had expected this and when
your price for perfection there's no
margin of error a series of scandals
seem to be catching up to the social
media company founder Mark Zuckerberg
was called to account by Congress over
Russia's use of the platform to try to
influence the 2016 election we didn't
take a broad enough view of our
responsibility and that was a big
mistake
and it was my mistake and I'm sorry and
the harvesting of user data through the
political consulting firm Cambridge
analytic ah
the company says increases in security
spending are likely to continue eating
into profits and tougher user protection
laws in Europe have already cost the
company some three million users there's
some structural issues right now and
they need to really work that out it's
going to take some time but at the end
at the end of the day at the very end of
the day Facebook is a good company
Facebook remains one of the most
valuable publicly traded companies
heading into the 2018 midterm elections
when its new security protocols will be
put to the test Mark Zuckerberg is
attempting to reassure investors saying
that this time he's confident the social
media company will get it right
ecommerce giant Amazon also came out
with numbers this week and it topped two
billion dollars in quarterly profit for
the first time in its history part of
the reason these companies are so
profitable is because the world's
digital population keeps growing anyone
born after 1985 is a digital native
can't imagine a time before the Internet
as of July this year 4.1 billion people
were active Internet users and 3.3
billion was social media users because
the Internet has now gone mobile more
people in 2018 have access to the
Internet than safe drinking water well
the size of the Internet is in fact
becoming hard to digest so just consider
this every minute thirty eight million
messages are passed between various
individuals on whatsapp there are 3.7
million search queries on Google and
every minute 860 2823 dollars are spent
online according to the World Bank
developed economies still dominate the
spread of knowledge and information the
worry is that the world is not reaping
the so-called digital dividends of this
transformation well joining us now from
Brussels is Alistair Reed principal
researcher and policy director at the
European future innovation Systems
Center good to have you with us
so the gatekeepers of Internet you know
like Google
and Facebook they're few they're huge
are they operating fairly though here
within the European Union the the
Competition Commissioner has been acting
very much on that sort of philosophy
that those companies given their power
in the in the digital sector which you
know in the past monopolies were at
national level nowadays monopolies can
develop a global level with very
negative effects and so I think the
European Commission's position here has
been very much that these companies have
a special responsibility to act fairly
and not infringe competition I think
that explains a number of interventions
that have been taken by the European
Commission is 2018 turning out to be a
decisive year for Facebook well I mean
in terms of Facebook I think it's been
it's been particularly hard-hit by some
of the concerns that have arisen over
over the different scandals that have
taken place in terms of the access to
data and the use of the idea to
particularly related to elections and I
think that's had an effect I think also
there's and that's that's a sort of
natural trend in any market people
particularly I would say the younger
generations are looking for other tools
and moving to other areas other apps and
platforms so there is a sort of a
natural trend I think linked to the sort
of hit that they've taken from the sort
of privacy abuses it took place related
to brexit and other other referendums
and elections more in the last year or
so I think this is hard certain a
negative effect is that the peak of
Facebook well I'm not I'm not sure
that's the case I think we have a very
strong position but I think it's again
it's a very good example of where
there's a need for clear regulation and
checks on all nuts the use of the data
is collected by such a company okay but
when you say clear regulation who should
regulate them should government step in
and put more regulations I think I think
this is sort of first there's a sort of
self regulation which I think you know
all the companies will claim that they
are taking appropriate steps to protect
the privacy of citizens and commercial
data that they maybe may be holding I
think that's part of any sort of
corporate responsibility and it doesn't
seem to have worked given some of the
reason
scandals that we've seen in some of the
online you know tech giant right well
that's that's I think I say I think
that's a first I think that's a minimum
that we as citizens or other companies
in the economy can can expect from these
large companies the second step I think
is regulation I think as I say that the
European Commission here in Europe has
taken rather strong action on a number
of fronts both in terms of dominant
position but also in terms of
introducing the data protection
regulation recently which is intended to
limit that and of course for instance we
try to make sure we're using servers
that are based in Europe for because we
know that if the servers are outside of
Europe then the data protection
regulation of the European Union may not
have the full force that we would want
it to have so I think again it's it's up
to each of us to be aware of well the
high regulation can improve the
situation or limit those potential
abuses but also how we as citizens or
companies need to be aware of their of
the potential risks where this question
our server how would you regulate more
what is a very untraditional product I
mean price controls don't work when the
product is free these companies as you
said at the beginning have to be big so
breakups won't necessarily make the
service any better it's it's it's a bit
tricky isn't it
yeah breakup is I mean there is there is
talking certainly in certain areas that
there may be need at some point for the
same sort of reflections that happened
perhaps in the 70s or 80s around the
telecom companies that maybe I have to
be applied to the sort of digital
platforms as well I'm not sure that
something is going to happen in the
short term or that it's even necessarily
the solution I think one of the things
and I think that's where if we look
again at the European situation people
often say we don't have a lot of tech
giants here well yes and no we have a
number of very odd Joe smaller mini
giants if you like or medium giants
which are coming up in very specialized
areas and I think those trying to
stimulate that the growth of those sorts
of companies as competitors and allowing
them to have that level playing field
may be as effective as any sort of moved
to break up there's a lot at the very
large tech giants
so I'm trying to try to stimulate the
sort of new emerging solutions that can
be become themselves sort of many
platforms and over time to compete with
some of the existing tech giants as you
plot the future how do you think the
founders of the internet would view what
it's become today well I know that I
think I think someone who would be I
think I think it's it's again it's not
black and white I think there's a lot of
very positive things have happened and I
give a presentation but three years ago
going back to there the early late
eighties and I had in front of me a team
of my staff with all ages and some of
them weren't born when when I when I was
starting from remember in 1990 onwards
and and some of the changes that have
happened are very you know extraordinary
when you do that backtrack they say well
we didn't have a mobile phone we didn't
have smart Wi-Fi we didn't have and so
on and at the end of the 2000 so these
are incredible changes as I said they
are having huge changes to mobility the
way we move around health sector and so
on so it's it's huge benefits for us I
think the internet and Internet of
Things the future applications of
artificial intelligence these are all
things that should be enable us for a
better society and not only about making
profits I think that's where we have to
get that balance right in the future
thanks so much for your thoughts thank
you
still to come on counting the cast the
commercial hunting of fin whales is
under the spotlight in Iceland after the
death of a rare mixed breed
the Chinese president says there'll be
no winners in a global trade war he's
urging unity among BRICS nations that's
Brazil Russia India China and South
Africa Hara Mutasa has more from the
annual BRICS summit in Johannesburg
leaders from five of the world's leading
emerging markets say they are united
when it comes to trade they say
protectionism which is being pushed by
US President Donald Trump should be
rejected
what is constant is the flare up of
geopolitical conflicts and the
escalation of protectionism and
unilateralism they directly affect
emerging markets and developing
countries we must work together with the
United Nations the g20 and the World
Trade Organization to safeguard the
rules-based multilateral trading system
liberalized and facilitate trade and
investment and reject protectionism
outright it's the first time presidents
from the BRICS trade bloc are meeting
since Donald Trump threatened to impose
tariffs on all Chinese imports
economists say the trade war could also
hurt smaller countries some fear Trump's
plans will stifle global economic growth
leaders at the BRICS summit say
increasing global trade encourages
economies of all countries to grow but
emerging economies could be damaged if
the u.s. imposes tariffs on certain
goods Trump's tries to impose tariffs
have given Brazil Russia India China and
South Africa more reason to increase
trade cooperation between them it's also
forced China the world's second largest
economy after the United States to look
for other markets to buy and sell its
products China has been the most
important trading partner with the u.s.
so as US to China but now with this
escalating trade tension we can almost
be certain that in the next few years
the trade between those two countries
will be hurt a lot along with a very
volatile exchange rate market exchange
market so for China to extend or to
strengthen other relations
Europe and Africa would be as top
choices on because of the sheer chef's
sheer size of those markets BRICS
leaders in South Africa have suggested
another meeting be held where world
players discuss their differences and
for house prevent a global trade war for
that to happen all parties have to agree
to come to the table and try to find a
balance between promoting national
interests and those of the global
community al Jazeera went to visit the
technology harm in Sao Paulo to talk to
experts who believe BRICS can provide an
alternative way forward for emerging
economies daniel Schwimmer reports
Brazil believes it has the solutions to
many of the problems sheared by its
fellow BRICS members such as in medicine
and aviation all major developing
economies home to 40 percent of the
world's population with a vision that
most would agree is straining to fulfill
its potential the world is becoming less
Western what less concentrated less
homogeneous and it would be better even
for the world to leave space for BRICS
countries to make this difference and
even have more power and control this
transition to a word that is less
westernized all five bricks members are
looking to their strengths to see what
they can best contribute to the growth
of their alliance
Raziel has this technology hub outside
Sao Paulo it's very clear that you have
many benefits we're here exploring more
deeply this collaboration an example is
this surveillance balloon operated by
one person for monitoring large spaces
big events and to our surprise even our
own interview with one of the project
developers it is a Brazilian product and
I know like like steadily the Olympic
Games
we have other Olympic Games who have
World Cups and a lot of events and
persistent monitoring to do the
surveillance after the David's with a
bullet absorbent skin it's also ideal
for monitoring illegal deforestation and
poaching what we were here it spotted a
nearby fire its manufacturers believe it
can thrive in South Africa India or
Russia
brazil's technological future is here
developing the technological innovations
that they believe will be of interest
and will sell to their partners in BRICS
and beyond
all five bricks members have their
problems bazzill struggling to emerge
from recession China in a trade war with
the US all searching for shared
solutions when we start working together
I think we can all grow together and the
thing that I see I see Brazil offering
for this is the talent and the
flexibility and the open mind that
Brazil has now perhaps at the 10th BRICS
summit all members will play to their
strengths an embrace common interests
Africa's blue world is our focus next
it's a world made up of vast lakes
oceans and rivers the African Union
calls the blue economy the new frontier
of African Renaissance there's been a
lot of talk and forums focusing on it
over the past year all of the branding
around the blue economy states Africa is
suffering from sea blindness or not
sufficiently developing its extensive
marine resources lying on the ocean bed
are potential sources of metals and oil
and gas seabed mining however would
destroy critical delicate and
little-understood sea life and it's
those concerns about the lack of data
which still persist as efforts get
underway to exploit the ocean ecosystem
thirty-eighth of Africa's 54 states our
coastal look at the island nation of
Mauritius for example it's one of the
smallest countries in the world but it
has territorial waters the size of South
Africa the blue economy is not confined
to fishing and tourism it also includes
things like transportation deep sea
coastal mining and energy but there are
environmental concerns a new offshore
deep-sea mining industry is already
taking shape in the mid for example
vacuuming diamonds from the ocean floor
proponents see a sparkling future in the
ocean as onshore mineral deposits dry up
while the blue economy has the capacity
to provide desperately needed jobs the
challenge is all about how to exploit
water resources in a sustainable way
environmentalists are warning more
research is required to shape policies
joining us now via Skype from the city
of Mombasa in
Kenya is David Oh Bora David is the
director of coastal oceans research and
development in the Indian Ocean core do
as it's known East Africa good to have
you with us David so a lot of focus
right now on the so-called blue economy
is it more than just a rebrand of marine
exploitation oh yes it's a it is much
more than that the blue economy is we
try and put in front of it is were
sustainable because really the blue
economy is about using utilising the
ocean disasters but sustainably without
damaging them and this is really the way
of the future
deep-sea mining of hydrocarbons diamonds
for example still problematic right yes
it's still but you know it's still quite
a long time into the future particularly
in our region the West Indian Ocean for
deep-sea mining I think the technologies
and the incentives or the price is to
really extract those minerals is quite
far into the future it's much closer
with natural gas in Mozambique of course
there are huge kinds of natural gas and
several companies moving forward rate
quickly to exploit those but that has
transboundary implications for countries
around Mozambique and based on
application tool in Mozambique for the
there living ecosystems and the natural
resources so there's a lot of talk about
it we're pushing hard I think it's going
to take a step change or transformation
in awareness around economic planning to
really make a difference but there's a
lot of forces pushing in that direction
put into perspective for us David to
what extent does Africa's marine
resources have the potential to
completely transform life on the
continent as we know it well it's a hard
thing to predict the African Union is
picking that very strongly which i think
is is right you know in 50 year planning
out 2063 is that development on the
concepts should come from the sea and
can come from the sea it can happen but
we do as I said it's a transformation we
need to really transform the way sectors
plan amongst each other countries
amongst each other and also appreciation
by the economic
focus powers that the value is generated
from each systems or assets that can be
damaged and you need to manage them
sustainably just like you'd manage a
hedge box or some sort of capital asset
that you know so that you don't destroy
it while you while you're exploiting it
where will the massive investment though
come from I mean a lot of this needs a
lot of money pouring into
infrastructural projects in an
environment where reform is really
needed political regulatory even legal
right yes that's right there needs to be
I mean the legal systems and regulatory
systems are not really up to scratch and
in most African countries and we're
building major infrastructure assets
like railways and ports power plants and
things like that without really
appropriate strategic assessments of the
environments and other assets are
affected by those infrastructure
projects I think that really the money
is there to invest in these things
whether it comes from China or other
sources as well but to have that money
invested in ways to learn damaged and
major assets of importance to their
projects as well as to other sectors
that really needs to change it needs to
change in the next 10 to 20 years
otherwise a lot of damage will be done
that's one
and finally what about on the
educational level is enough being done
to re-educate people and how to manage
and even to regard one's marine
resources so on the education front
enough isn't being done no I mean that
the sea is still on the you know behind
a lot of other priorities and most
Africans minds and mentalities from the
countries down to individuals and we
need to transform that I think awareness
about climate change in the ocean
connections is helping aware about
plastics and oceans pollution is really
leaping to the fronts in the last few
years so we're trying to ride this way
to get that awareness and then get the
education systems also building that
into the curriculums really
understanding how much we do and I see
all right good try thank you thanks so
much David okay
and finally Iceland's whaling industry
is under the spotlight once again after
a cross between the protected blue whale
and a fin whale was killed and brought
ashore for processing hybrid whale meat
cannot be exported now there are
increasing calls for the industry to be
finally banned in the country Nick Clark
reports from Reykjavik Iceland has much
to boast of when it comes to natural
resources it's dramatic scenery and
geothermal Springs draw tourists in
their Millions
and there's the marine environment to
tens of thousands of people go whale
watching every year there's even a whale
museum where you can immerse yourself in
an ocean of life-sized whale replicas
but one thing Iceland tries not to
publicize too much is the fact that
swales are still killed commercially
here which enrages a big sector of
society doing this they are going to
steps backwards into the Viking times
and whaling nowadays especially well not
just in Iceland but whaling in Iceland
show that people is not as Nevel o bus
they really think to show the world that
they are so it's something of a PR
disaster when photographs like this
appear what is suggested to be a highly
endangered and protected blue whale
killed and brought back to shore for
processing DNA sampling has since shown
the whale was in fact a rare hybrid
between a fin whale which Icelandic
whalers do have a quota and the banned
blue whale Kristin Lawson who runs the
company that killed the whale says his
Whalers acted in good faith the whale is
working for us they've been doing it for
decades and we see blue eyes all the
time here and when we approach them we
see it is a blue whale and then we leave
it and look for fin whales as simple as
that they went after this one I think
for one hour and there is no question in
my mind that this was nothing else than
a fin whale when it was taken but turned
out to be a hybrid these are images of a
fin whale being legally processed at the
whaling station most of the products are
exported to Japan the killing of the
hybrid whale which is banned from export
has led to more calls for the industry
to be finally
halted in Iceland this hunting is very
inaccurate they cannot know the
difference between a hybrid bluefin
whale and a fin which they cannot make a
distinction that's what they say
between the two so you know for that
sake they should absolutely stop it
so this is where koalas - whaling ships
come in from the ocean with their catch
and take it up the fuel to the
processing plant they hunt for about 100
days a year between June and September
and this year they have a quota of a
hundred and sixty one fin whales it's an
activity that has dwindling support
amongst Icelanders ten years ago about
70% of the population were in favor of
whaling today that figure is more like
5050 and as tourists seek out whales
alive in the wild still there's a
pressing issue what to do with several
tons of hybrid whale cut up in a freezer
with nowhere to go and that's our show
for this week but remember you can get
in touch with us via Twitter use the
hashtag a JCTC when you do or drop us an
email counting the cost of aljazeera net
is our address there's more for you on
line at aljazeera.com slash CTC that'll
take you straight to our page which has
individual reports links and entire
episodes for you to catch up on that's
it for this edition of counting the cost
I'm Sam is a then from the whole team
here thanks for joining us the news on
al Jazeera is next
