in Cambodia there is only one show in
town these days
the ruling Cambodian People's Party led
by Prime Minister Hun Sen is expected to
win Sunday's election comfortably the
main opposition the cambodian national
rescue party which almost won five years
ago is banned and urges voters to stay
away voting isn't compulsory but that
didn't stop the prime minister
threatening anyone who doesn't take us
whoever doesn't participate in this
election destroys democracy following
the illegal propaganda movement that
illegal movement is the cambodian
national rescue party which was
dissolved for allegedly plotting to
overthrow the government with foreign
help its leader Kim Seok R has been in
jail since September awaiting trial for
treason while most other leading members
left Cambodia fearing arrest
they say the election is illegitimate
and they aren't ruling out supporting
protests if Cambodians call for them if
there is an uprising we hope that there
won't be a bloody uprising that is why
we want to find a new solution today the
international community is also slowly
taking action some foreign election
observers are here but not from Japan
the longtime supporter of the Cambodian
government refused while the United
States and European Union withdrew
funding for the election also been
attacks on independent media
organizations and NGOs with many staff
harassed arrested or forced to leave the
country more reasons why many people are
dismissing this election as a sham among
19 opposition parties only a couple can
really be called truly independent and
they can't compete with the large
campaign budget of the Prime Minister's
party Cong Monica believes staying in
the fight is better than sitting on the
sidelines he was a member of the band
cnrp before setting up his own party
here in Cambodia we we need to do some
things we just cannot sleep at home be
quiet
advise the others oh sorry
turian will continue to grip on to power
and people will continue to be suffered
from jr. I abused from a land grabbing
and other issues that grip look certain
to continue well beyond the election
Hudson says he wants to stay in power
for another 10 years Wayne hey
al-jazeera / Phnom Penh
