mnemoth Sharif and his brother are no
longer calling the shots after the
campaign it's time to clean up in what
Imran Khan calls a new Pakistan PTI
voters have taken their leader to the
top job but they are already calling for
accountability of those who joined him
Ron Khan from the so-called old Pakistan
you know if you don't smoke you only
party means if they carry one the same
way even after coming to power it will
be really unfair to ask PTI voters Imran
Khan must know this if he cannot stop
their corruption then he has no right to
be the leader international observers
say they did not witness any military
interference during the vote process but
the EU election observation mission says
the 2018 electoral process was not as
trouble-free as it was five years ago
although there were several legal
provisions aimed at ensuring a level
playing field we have concluded that
there was a lack of equality of
opportunity candidates with large
political appeal and financial means the
so called
electable often dominated the campaign
opposition parties say there was
interference especially when votes were
counted a multi-party conference
rejected the results in the capital
Islamabad this is theft of the people's
mandate as for those who achieved
majority through this we need to accept
their claim nor give them the right to
rule we have agreed to demand a new fair
and free election the Election
Commission insists that the election was
transparent but it failed to keep its
promise that it would quickly announce
the official results Imran Khan's party
has agreed to investigate allegations of
rigging and fraud it also unveiled an
ambitious 100-day plan when it forms a
government the value of the Pakistani
rupee has taken a nosedive in recent
weeks there's an agitation movement
brewing amongst opposition politicians
Imran Khan's challenges may have already
begun even before he's taken charge of
what he promised as a new Pakistan sama
bin Javed aljazeera Lahore
