this year marks five years since the
military who overthrew Egypt's
democratically elected president Mohamed
Morsi but not everyone is celebrating in
those five years Egypt's new government
has built 20 new prisons that's probably
because prisons have been filled to
three times their capacity since similar
Terry took power but these prisons
aren't just filled with criminals many
prisoners are political opponents human
rights defenders journalists and
peaceful demonstrators and they're
picked up at protests or abducted and
forcibly disappeared by Egyptian
security forces just seven years ago
these very people were at the frontlines
of the revolution that overthrew former
dictator Hosni Mubarak and ushered in a
new era in Egyptian history but today
they've become generation jail human
rights groups estimate that there are
60,000 political prisoners behind bars
but the Egyptian government denies these
numbers official we don't have any
political prisoners this is really
important we have real proceedings
everyone goes through and is guaranteed
by Egyptian law
but Egyptian law has changed since
President Abdel Fattah el-sisi took
power he's banned protesting without
government approval running for office
without government approval and visiting
websites that the government deems a
threat to national security
according to a new law that could be any
social media page with over 5,000
followers
and these proceedings that people go
through they're not exactly fair most
people go through military courts
Egyptian authorities are accused of
using military courts to avoid the legal
protections offered to prisoners in
regular courts at least fifteen thousand
five hundred civilians were tried in
military courts including more than a
hundred and fifty minors in just three
years of the regime and the accused
don't even get their own day in court
since the authorities have taken to
trying them in mass trials
that's when hundreds of people are
charged and sentenced at the same time
and the sentencing is harsh I said
Alaska is called the death sentences are
popular according to Human Rights
Watch's director for the MENA region
they're given out like candy in 2017
Egyptian courts gave out over 402 death
sentences that was the most in the
region and it's not getting better
shortly after the coup in 2013 Egyptian
military forces killed more than 800
protesters at a pro-morsi cinema and
arrested over 700 protesters those
protesters along with members of the
opposition and journalists who were
present were tried in a mass trial this
year where 75 received death sentences
as for the hundreds killed at the sit-in
five years later and not a single police
officer has been brought to account and
things aren't any better in the prison's
themselves solitary confinement is a
popular punishment used against
political opponents it was described as
crushing humanity by Amnesty
International and prisoner testimonies
agree
Fineman for four years i ate alone i
slept alone i pray to god alone for four
years
I brought my Ramadan fast by myself what
is this systematic killing many
journalists human rights activists and
political opponents are detained with no
reasonable charges and place an
indefinite solitary confinement
al-jazeera zone Mohammad Ahsan has been
unjustly imprisoned for over 600 days
he's been kept in solitary confinement
denied his legal rights and has yet to
be formally charged
besides solitary prisoners are tortured
underfed and coerced into giving false
confessions
so getting sick is almost inevitable but
prisoners don't get the required care
the Arab organization for human rights
in the UK reported that 427 prisoners
died from medical negligence in just
three years he wasn't sick or anything I
would tell him he'd get released and get
married I couldn't wait to pick him up
from jail so how was I given his corpse
instead and while human rights
organizations all over the world
continue to report these abuses Egyptian
civil society organizations see
otherwise and I know Egyptian prisons to
be better than any others anywhere in
the world in terms of what everything
from facilities hygiene health care
sports and food
even the prison officers are all very
religious with really good morals of the
three reported torture or mistreatment
mass trials arbitrary and random arrests
forced disappearances and death by
torture and medical negligence have all
become hallmarks of Egypt's prison
system and yet government's the world
over continue to turn a blind eye that
we are very much behind president
el-sisi has done a fantastic job in a
very difficult situation
