they keep coming 18 weeks into these
protests and even though the numbers may
be decreasing their demands remain the
same lift the siege let us live like
everyone else we're suffering there is
no electricity no water people are going
hungry it's painful we'll keep standing
we will come here to show the whole
world we want our rights
it's nobody and bumping and tanks
against as a civilian people here in
Gaza Strip we are armed people gases yes
this is Gaza
look look here look here this is gauzes
yes and this is this is military this is
military against
Israel's been using these drones to drop
tear gas further back into the crowd and
closer to the fence Israeli snipers keep
watch and sporadically opened fire the
hospitals now used to a steady influx
every Friday there is a well-established
pattern now similar scenes playing out
every Friday what is different now
however is the escalating tensions
between Israel and Hamas and there have
been intensive diplomatic efforts
underway by Egypt and the United Nations
to try to find a solution everyone we
speak to says the same thing the only
solution is to improve life for the
people here
Israel's demanded that Hamas put an end
to the burning kites and balloons that
were born out of these protests they've
burned thousands of acres of land on the
other side of the fence Hamas says they
are a legitimate form of resistance
against a suffocating siege there have
been less however over the past few
weeks and as these Friday's come and go
a political solution that benefits the
people of Gaza remains elusive
Stephanie Decker al-jazeera Gaza
