hi I'm phony okay
and I'm Malika Bilal and you're in the
stream today is Guyana ready for an oil
boom we'll talk about the potential
impact a brand new oil industry could
have on the country oil companies have
identified massive offshore reserves in
Guyana one of South America's poorest
nations new estimates from last week
report that more than four billion
barrels of oil could be extracted from a
region known as the star broke block
where ExxonMobil expects to start
pumping crude from 2020 the country is
poised to become a major energy supplier
but not everyone is optimistic about the
potential for oil revenue to benefit
Guyanese citizens so what can Guyana do
to avoid becoming another poor yet
resource rich nation on skype from
georgetown guyana christopher am an
attorney and colonist who's been writing
about the government's handling of oil
related matters also in georgetown imran
khan director of public information for
the Guyanese government in houston texas
yana mango an advocate of good
governance and a former petroleum
adviser to President of Guyana David
Granger Ally New York we have Lisa sax
director of the Columbia Center on
sustainable investment hello everybody
it's really good to see you in Ron I am
thinking when people look back and say
50 years time are they going to say this
discovery this or that Guyana has the
best thing that ever happened to the
country thoughts we certainly are
planning for that and we are hoping so
as you know from you we've mentioned it
in the introduction to the program that
we've had a difficult time and it is
something that we acknowledged since
independence just over 50 years ago and
we hope that this transformational oil
find will correct some of the issues and
challenges that we've had in the past
we're very cautious and that has brought
some criticism with regard to the pace
at which we are implementing let
and putting the structures and framework
in place but we want to ensure that we
do it correctly we do it right we have
voluntarily joined the extractive
industries ew i international
organization we've also looked at
sovereign wealth fund and the
legislation for that and we're ensuring
that we are getting the best advice from
global experts to ensure that this
opportunity this transformational
opportunity for infrastructure also shal
and economic change is not a man's gonna
finish his sentence and xfinity centers
very explaining the acronym ET i and
then yarn you pick up a go ahead
extractive industries transparency
initiative just to ensure that we have a
strong framework that when the oil
wealth comes in 2020 and onwards after
we would have gotten the first oil in
that time that we have every guy knees
benefiting and having an improved
standard of life and quality of life as
a result of this very very
transformational development yeah so
what
what Emraan says there it's all you know
good words but when you look at what's
happening on the ground it's a different
story
Emraan mentioned a need for having
experts well actually they are
consultants coming and going but there's
zero oil and gas experts people at
fifteen to thirty years plus experience
on the ground working full time in
decision making worlds in the government
and these would have to be foreigners
you won't find Guyanese or even Guyanese
in the Diaspora with the skills again
and needs but unfortunately there seems
to be a reluctance a huge reluctance and
hiring and the required capacity and
that's unfortunate well respond quickly
yeah you mentioned in introducing him
he's the former adviser to president
Granger on oil and gas and certainly he
has been engaged and I'm certain that
they will be engaged in the future as
well there have been a number of experts
who have at this point in
advising and benben giving advice on a
short-term basis we've had
internationally recognized experts or
Paul Collier who's been in Ghana and who
has briefed president Granger and his
entire cabinet on issues that are
critical to the development one day yeah
so these men are being thrown out and
that's what the government is very good
at is just trying these names around
where's the substance having a trip for
one day is insufficient we need people
on the ground work in there on a long
long term contracts a year two years we
haven't spent 10 million now to save a
billion dollars in the future million
now to save a billion in the future I
hear I hear where the disagreement is
right there I want to bring in our
community who echo really both of your
sentiments so on one hand you have Robin
here who says the reality is that while
many expects Guyana to benefit
significantly from employment
opportunities we just don't have the
human resource capacity to provide the
same and making a point that yon made
earlier Robin says there are zero
trained oil and gas experts at the
national resource ministry which is
responsible for managing the sector on
the other side though someone who might
agree with um Ron is this tweet from
William he says there is already a bump
in economic activity primarily in
Georgetown from Exxon's activities here
and this can only increase young people
especially have to think carefully of
how they can position themselves for
this oil sector and get the relevant
education there is no free money so I
want to bring Christopher in on that
point that this is exciting for some
people where do you fall I think this is
indeed a major moment for Guyana but
we've always been a richly endowed
country with a very small population so
the per capita wealth in in our
resources is quite considerable the
point is this two years before for soil
we just are not ready
we're talking about a sovereign wealth
fund like if it's some legal instrument
I'm sorry Imran you have it completely
wrong and and you I know you you work
with the government and you have to say
that but a sovereign telephone is much
more than a legal instrument well if I
can jump in and and I acknowledge the
anxieties and the concerns of both yin
and and Chris it certainly is a
situation where the Department to put
things in perspective the Department of
Energy is being set up and when that is
set up we will have full-time experts
with international experience and we
will have the best minds locally they
may not necessarily have national
experts within sure having the
structures are set up on their set of
the IDB and Commonwealth Imran and
Christopher just take a pause for a
moment i I just did a sort of double
take where we have this new energy
department that isn't set up quite yet
and oil extraction is expected happen in
2020 Lisa what did you want to add go
ahead jump in and actually build off
some of the comments from from the
viewers I think that there are two
distinct components one is getting the
deal right and being able to manage the
sector and negotiate with the
international players which is an
enormous task and I think that that's
what this conversation has focused on to
date and certainly much more can and
should be done there but the benefits
for the country are actually on the
development side and I don't think the
countries should either rely on the
minimal number of jobs that might be
created even if there were capacity
which I agree with the skills are not
there but the number of jobs created by
these projects is relatively minimal
economic linkages that one of the
viewers mentioned are also not not the
bonanza that we are hoping for with an
oil boom what the country needs to be
doing now putting in place is a
long-term development strategy how does
this oil boom fit into the long-term
development plans in the development
needs of Guyana how is this going to
help build health systems energy systems
infrastructure nice share the
president's vision on that please yep so
the
resident actually has a very clear
vision on how this industry will help
Kanna and his vision is and he
understands the risks his vision is all
around it this is not a bonanza this is
for the children and grandchildren of
Guyana so he has a very I would say
solid vision for the country it is just
in implementing that vision that we are
seeing some some stumbling blocks and we
have to recognize as a coalition
government and the politics involved and
it's not as I think the Guyanese think
oh we can see strong leadership you know
the president can make everything happen
but the president can't
and that is where make everything happen
and that's where guy knees need to step
in as well civil society is going to
play a crucial role in this endeavor and
strong institutions and unfortunately
those are things we don't really have in
Guyana we need to develop quickly you
know it's true civil society has to play
a role civil society did not have a role
in the kind of contractors was imposed
on Diana we know in 2016 excellent
mobile said that they were not they were
not going to start spending until there
was a little replacement petroleum
license and then in agreement we know as
well at the moment we have no policy
framework we have no legislative
framework we know have no institutional
framework we have no policy in relation
to consumption and savings we have a
serious physical and social deficit we
can't only use the money we get from oil
for future generations what about what
about current generation and we have we
have to consider and I like what Lisa
said but where is our absorptive
capacity tending candice country at this
moment with with next zero human
capacity and institutional capacity and
capacity absorb the revenue from say 1
million barrels of oil per day we should
not be excited about those things we
should have to
we should ask is this consistent with
the framework for our country or are we
going to be introducing the Dutch
disease are we going tonight introducing
the resource course those those are
somebody dangerous and look I'm a pro
Guyanese but I think we have serious
problems and we have to confront them
I'm part of civil society I may talk but
I never get listened to like those in
the corridors of power if I can see
listening now and I hear um Ron I'll go
to this next comment I'll give it to you
this is from Suffern and Safran says the
voice of these twenty and thirty years
those a years old of age in guyana
they're expressing their distrust and
acts on and the government providing any
benefit to the country they say they
need jobs the work is given to
foreigners while the locals suffer and
the elders have witnessed corruption
with oil around the world so they're
mistrustful as well he seems to be
saying and Ron do you think that there
is public trust in government to do what
will be best for the people Chris
mentioned that John mentioned Yun
mentioned that this is a coalition
government and that is one of the major
challenges that we have been working on
restoring public trust in government
we've had decades in the recent past
where that trust that public trust in
government has been eroded because of
the quality or lack thereof of
governance that we've had and that is
one of the major challenges and I agree
with the anxiety that Chris shares but I
have a less cynical view I am excited
about the prospects forever I think Lisa
and Yong have said that there are
elements in government that are keen on
ensuring that this opportunity is
maximized for all Guyanese what we've
got to do is use the time between now
and first oil to ensure and Kris is
right all the structures are not in
place we acknowledge that would we have
liked all the structures to be in place
now absolutely but we're working towards
ensuring that when they are in place and
they will be in place before
first oil that they are solid that they
are strong that they're transparent and
that they're inclusive and there are
concerns as expressed by by christen yon
that young people are pondering and
wondering and are uncertain as to how
they yes if i if i mainly said i here i
just want to just add this in iran's i
do
explanation that there's a coalition
government so it's not all smooth
sailing and we just explained very
starkly what this means president is in
one party ministers in another party it
makes it difficult for them to be on the
same page also a little bit earlier in
the conversation you would have heard
about the Dutch disease in the context
of Guyana Lisa can you explain what that
actually means for people who don't
follow oil frontier countries yeah Dutch
disease can be a really complicated
concept but to try to make it very
simple and then to say that I'm actually
I I think that it's easily avoidable I
mean a very simple explanation of Dutch
disease is the concern that
overconsumption are splitting a lot more
money into the economy can create all
sorts of problems with exchange rate
distortions and crowding out other
sectors leading to negative actually
economic outcomes as opposed to improved
economic outcomes that's that is that is
a risk but it is actually avoidable
through many ways and one way is not
pouring consumption money into the
economy but actually investing in the in
the basic infrastructure and a basic
needs in an economy that allow other
productive sectors to to flourish so
actually investing building public
investment programs building and
investing in the human capacity
investing in the infrastructure that's
not consumption investment and that
can't avoid and and by the way just to
say I hear the concerns about the
observed of capacity I worked I was I
benefit I was I enjoyed being in East
Timor about eight years ago and they
were having many of these same
discussions East Timor has some
similarities of course every country has
very different context but East Timor is
another relatively small post-conflict
actually in their case island nation
that had an oil Bonanza and they
struggled with many the same challenges
including by the way the international
community saying you don't have the
absorbent capacity right now to invest
save all your money like like Norway dad
put all your money in an oil fund and
don't spend it and they actually did
that into their credit they built a
really large petroleum fund but what and
and that petroleum fund has now
accumulated 16 billion dollars which is
quite a lot as of at least a couple of
years ago but a couple years ago people
were noticing okay we're saving all this
money but we still have high rates of
malnutrition we still don't have energy
we still don't have an energy still
don't have an education system we still
could I just finished that one thought
that I think that what East Timor did
which is a useful model to follow is
that they have kept the strength of
their investment fund but are now
investing more and more in the domestic
economy pushing that absorb ative
capacity and actually seeing some of the
development benefits sorry young so the
odds are actually stock the games Guyana
and a lot of work is needed I mean we em
Ron puts a positive spin on it and
that's good we need a positive spin but
we also need to recognize the risks and
unfortunately enough people in
government are not recognizing the risks
we have to recognize Exxon is not here
to help Karen Exxon is here to make
money but we have people in government
who are running wrong saying that Exxon
is here to say of Guyana it's it's a
completely wrong attitude you know we
got Guyana did not negotiate well in a
renegotiation that happened recently
Gannon negotiated with zero expertise
but yeah didn't the minister of the
government who is one of the quintet
plus one say the donor did not even
negotiate there were no negotiations to
arrive at this contract for Yann to say
that you have ministers running around
saying that Exxon is here to see if they
Anna I don't think that that it that is
a view that has been promulgated Indiana
in any way I do think that the
government sees Exxon as a partner we
are very much aware of the risks and
that is why we're ensuring that we get
the best international advice including
from young recently and that is why with
guard to the sovereign wealth fund we
are ensuring that there is in
cooperation of the Santiago principles
and that we are working with the World
Bank I think you're just getting sure
giving a compliment there everyone we
hear you we hear the positivity we hear
what you're trying to do let me just
hear when a community is wanting to add
to this conversation Mallika well
there's a bit of positivity online as
well so this is on YouTube live from
someone watching Michael who's from
Guyana he says this is fantastic news
for us
I expect massive infrastructural
projects better hospitals and much
needed funding for education exactly yes
there is a way to avoid the resource
curse or the Dutch disease this person
and group would agree with that but then
when we talk about the risks Yann
mentioned that there are some risks one
that we're getting up we're getting a
lot from from our community this is
Amina who mentions the impact on the
environment you can tell she's watching
this live because she includes a
screenshot it's that environment
question that we've gotten from several
people I want to play a video comment
from one of those people she's actually
the president of the Guyana Marine
Conservation Society and here's what she
told the stream our government is not
done enough to halt ExxonMobil
accountable in the event of an oil spill
it is allowed an ExxonMobil to
self-insure
which means that if our Fisheries is
devastated by an oil spill Exxon Mobil
itself determines the level of
compensation through fishermen the
company has not had any meaningful
consultations with indigenous
communities within and around our Shell
Beach protected area on oil spill nor
have they conducted oil spill training
our country is also yet to have a
national oil spill contingency plan so
Imran I'll get that to you I know that
government officials are on the record
with denying what she says but I'd like
your take on that in addition to denying
the bulk of it it's what on earth is
saying it doesn't complete the picture
there is active there active programs
that are engaged in ensuring that
persons have oil spill training and that
there
rotations that are continuing nationwide
we haven't yet gotten the first oil but
we will be these things they're
happening you would have you'd have to
completely ignore the reports in the
media Chris I can think of at least two
instances within the past a lot of
training is happening in this regard
consultations are continuing and
Guyanese are being engaged and my sense
having trouble most recent most trade
recently there was training of the
fisher folk in in the barbies area there
it is it is unrealistic to expect that
all of the training can happen
simultaneously they have to happen in
blocks and they will happen incremental
ii and we will ensure that more Guyanese
are informed there are also other
initiatives that are taking place to end
yong I just wanted to add something in
this conversation that we haven't really
addressed and I specifically in the team
specifially approached ExxonMobil they
said can you come on the show they said
we will send you a statement and so this
is the statement that we got from SSO
exploration and production Guyana
limited they actually sent as a long
statement but I want to show this a
little bit to you because it's quite
important about the renegotiated who
shows excuse me renegotiation of a
contract the original contract from 1999
and they say ExxonMobil and its partners
were comfortable continuing its
operations Guyana and the existing 1999
agreement however updating the agreement
provided additional benefits to both
parties and then they sent us this from
their Facebook page and these are the
difference between 1999 and the deal
that is currently in place there was no
signing bonus back in 1999 there is now
the annual rental fee has gone up from
240 thousand dollars to
the contract has also changed so I'm
wondering is this is this an indication
that Guyana was ripped off at the
beginning and now you're trying to
actually catch up and get a little bit
more experience usually you're nodding
your head yeah yeah Lisa then Christmas
yeah Lisa and you can be and you can do
it very quickly because we don't have
much time
Lisa you go first Chris you go second
Lisa - if circumstances have changed
entirely from 1999 to 2016 in 1999 there
was exploration it was unknown what the
what the quality of the of the resource
was in 2016 we knew and so it's
disingenuous of Exxon frankly to make
that comparison what we should be
looking at is what the deal in 2015 is
appropriate for the government and it's
widely acknowledged and widely agreed
that it's not the guy on it did not get
a good deal I would say although
somewhat controversial that I wouldn't I
wouldn't I wouldn't be afraid of having
an honest conversation about whether
this is a good deal and and talking
about how to rebalance the deal
investors and and frankly the media
always make government's scared of
approaching them but there are dozens or
hundreds of renegotiations or
transformations in the resource sector
around the world in developed countries
in the UK in Canada helos I'm gonna push
you a little bit because I've only got a
minute left just hey what Chris wanted
to get in there Chris go ahead just very
briefly in a 1999 agreement expired you
didn't have an option on that one it
under the law I also want to say that
you know we talk about jobs we have
offshore everything happens offshore
Exxon has said it's not bringing the oil
to Ghana Lisa will tell you unless the
oil comes again there are very few jobs
available I will tell you that when it
comes to to transparency and
accountability
I have publicly accused the oil
companies of bordering of fraud claiming
pre contract costs that do not accord
with their books so without filing
without providing any evidence I'm Imran
and Christopher and Jana and Lisa we
thank you so much for giving us this
insight into the conversations that are
still going on about Diana and its oil
reserves potential oil reserves Mallika
to leave us with this reminder from
Clement on Facebook who says a factor
many failed to consider is that there
are 750 thousand people here which means
that Guyana is set to have one of the
highest rates of oil reserves and oil
production per capita in the world they
now need to look to the government to
create responsibilities and favourable
conditions when you count booking my
ticket to Guyana what life is a
millionaire could begin soon thank you
very much everybody
conversation continues always online at
age a stream on Twitter cc
