alone and left behind despite Thursday's
court-ordered deadline for the Trump
administration to return all of the
children who've been taken from their
parents at the border about 700 remain
in government custody most of them have
parents who've been deported and that
should raised in all of us that they
took children five-year-old and even
younger children on their friends with
no plan whatsoever to reunite them ever
really the government has labeled these
children ineligible for reunification
they include children whose parents have
been deported or who according to the
government have criminal backgrounds
that make them ineligible for
reunification not knowing when they get
to go or if they get to go is horrific
they will have developmental delays they
will have long-term chronic care
problems they will have regression in
their developmental status good morning
everybody thank you for being here this
morning
the government says every deported
parent had willingly left their child
behind but immigration attorneys insist
that's false
citing client after client who say they
were forced to abandon their child
that's the question that all parents
keep asking us when am I going to see my
child again some 1,400 kids have already
been returned to their parents their
emotional reunions taking place in
detention centers airports and bus
stations across the country I was sad it
was hard because I wasn't together with
my father
Thursday's court-ordered deadline for
the government to reunite all children
and parents separated at the border was
at hard-won victory for civil rights
activists but this display of shoes left
behind by migrants is a reminder of the
many families who even now remain
separated indefinitely I want us all to
remember that this is not the end the
end of the fight
now comes the challenge of tracking down
the deported parents and giving them
back their kids
