how big a threat is ISIL to the Syrian
regime the armed group says it carried
out coordinated attacks killing dozens
in southern Syria as the army backed by
Russia and Iran continues to crush the
rebellion by the opposition can ISIL be
wiped out - this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Peter Davi ISIL fighters have carried
out their deadliest attacks for months
in southwest Syria suicide bombers
targeted a vegetable market a hospital
and a public square in the government
health city of al-suwaydaa on Wednesday
other gunmen raided nearby towns and
villages dozens were killed including
pro-government fighters some activists
and doctors say the number of fatalities
is at least 240 al-suwaydaa which is
home to the Druze community and has
mainly managed to avoid attacks during
the conflict which is now into its
seventh year well control of Syria is
largely divided between four main
players in the northeast of the country
Kurdish groups control one-third of all
territory and aim to establish their own
autonomous government to the west
Turkish bank rebel forces controlled
much of Italy province and Western
Aleppo home to around 3 million
internally displaced Syrians the Assad
regime backed by Iran and Russia have
regained control over the majority of
syria's provinces ISIL stronghold in
southern Syria is under Russian and
Syrian bombardment after losing
territory seized in both Syria and
neighboring Iraq ISIL continues to
control scattered patches of land regime
forces are battling to regain control
over the border with the
israeli-occupied Golan Heights that's
close to where ISIL launched suicide
attacks on the city of Owls Aveda let's
bring in our guests today here on Inside
Story joining us from Vermont on skype
is Joshua Landis he's the director of
the center for Middle East Studies at
the University of Oklahoma in London we
have hade hade a Syria consulting
research fellow at Chatham House and
here in Doha we're joined by Marwan
karbolyn he's a Syrian academic and
writer welcome to you all Marwan in Doha
coming to you first what we're talking
about in sweida
was a suicide mission we haven't seen an
isil suicide mission for many months how
significant is that I think it is
important in my opinion but it doesn't
represent an existential threat to the
Syrian regime I think I said now
as it loses more territories in Syria
whether in the southwest part of the
country or even in the in the eastern
part of the country it will be actually
resorting to the sort of tactics that
was actually using in Iraq especially
during the u.s. occupation of that of
that country so most probably we are
gonna see more of these attacks in fact
but as I said before that is not going
to be representing any substantial
threat for the Syrian regime because
ISIL is being actually confronted by
most of the powers who are interested in
the Syrian conflict that would include
the United States Russia Iran the Sunni
Arab countries turkey so ISIL actually
is almost fighting almost against
everybody in this conflict so there is
no chance in my opinion for ISIL to pose
this sort of existential threat for the
Syrian regime what we are going to see
as I said is more of these attacks
unless we have the sort of political
solution to the Syrian crisis understood
hate hate in London there was a
particularly vicious element to what
ISIL was doing with this suicide attack
because after the bombs went off they
were going round door-to-door killing
people in their own homes but leaving
one survivor what's the message that
ISIL is trying to get out now well it's
it's not surprising to see or hear about
this tactic because from the beginning
Isis has been trying to basically
broadcast and amplify its brutality and
that is to mainly scare its enemies but
also to mobilize its allies and
supporters around it and what we saw in
in sawada is just another tactic that
basically aims to make their attack to
the headlines and leaving survivors to
tell the stories about what happened
will make sure that Syrians and the rest
of the world will continue to fear Isis
for years to come and I think this is
the main message and Joshua what does
this tell us about the preparedness of
the Syrian forces
well this is a classic Isis attacking
Isis today is a is a cornered tiger
it's lashing out there's a diversionary
tactic to show that it's still lethal
even as it's being destroyed in southern
Syria so it attacked the jebel Druze and
the Druze minority of course is seen as
an evil minority by Isis their ninth
issue of their dhaba magazine was about
the Druze and how they all their sheiks
their religious leaders should be killed
their women could be sold into slavery
like the Yazidis so the Druze have long
been a target for Isis it's a way - so
in a sense distrust between the Syrian
regime and the grooves because the Druze
were very upset they said how come this
could happen how did you let them get
here why did they get Massacre us so
there's a lot of internal squabbling the
Syrian opposition has blamed this on
Assad and said that Isis and Assad are
one that they're working together in a
conspiracy to punish the Druze for not
wholeheartedly being loyalist this is
seems to me rather conspiracy theory but
but it has sown dissension and it's
diverted the gaze from the real defeat
that Isis is undergoing today it's
nothing like it was two years ago when
it had a big Caliphate the size of Great
Britain and today it's its last little
enclaves are being wiped out but it's
still a lethal force and it can carry
out these very dangerous attacks with a
small number of men hey what does this
attack by ISIL the perpetrating of this
attack by ISIL tell us about those
people who are perhaps rushing to judge
and say Bashar al-assad is actually very
close to a complete victory well it
shows two main issues the first one is
that the regime is still unable to
secure the areas that it has been with
the support of its allies able to
capture so far and the other thing is
that the regime has been depending
mainly
on short term strategy or tactics that
lead to basically brutal results at a
later stage meaning that what Joshua was
referring to here why not only
opposition groups but people from swetha
themselves blamed Assad for because most
of the fighters who carried out the
attack instaweather people said that
they came from the countryside of
damascus and from basically mainly from
the refugee camp your mood camp in
Damascus where the regime brokered a
deal with some Isis fighters there and
basically allowed them to be relocated
to basically area that is close to
Sawada and and the desert of eastern
Syria and this is why I think that the
problem here is that Assad is moving
basically one problem or solving one
problem now creating ten others later on
and the other issue I think that people
are basically blaming us at for under
actions as well is that because recently
there has been some Russian led efforts
to demobilize
and disarm local militias in the way and
in suwayda and after that there were no
measures taken by the regime or
directions to protect those areas and
then after that the Isis fighters took
advantage of that security vacuum and
attack and this is why also another
reason before what for for why people
are blaming SL and the Russians for it
well I'm coming back to you here in Doha
I mean what are the chances here that
Bashar al-assad starts going after the
Druze because the government forces
don't control this specific area that is
obvious on the one hand and on the other
hand the Druze the young male Druze do
not sign up they refuse to sign up to
this quasi conscription system that he's
got going for the Syrian army yes indeed
I think the Druze are in fact in a very
awkward position
because on the one hand as you said they
are not trying they are in fact trying
actually not to be part of this war
which is waged by Assad against I mean
the
majority of of Syrians said they don't
want to be part of that on one hand on
the other hand they are seen by ISIL as
not truly Muslims so they are on one
hand attacked by ISIL on the other hand
they are not very well protected by the
Assad regime and in fact what the recent
attack by ISIL demonstrates is that as
your other two guests actually have been
suggesting it shows that the Syrian
regime is still in fact very vulnerable
very weak and cannot provide the sort of
protection that those people who are
under its control actually are expecting
him to to provide and this also
demonstrate that military solution to
this crisis will not actually end it we
still need to see a political solution
because unless we bring almost everybody
on board in order to end this conflict
we are going to see as we said earlier
more attacks by ISIL and more
radicalization not only by Isis we are
going to see more radical ization among
the moderate Sunnis who who have seen
actually their their houses destroyed
their their their brothers killed by
this regime and after all the regime
survived and after all the regime
actually has has retained some most of
their of the of the of the country so I
think it's really important here to see
the sort of political solution to this
conflict despite the progress with the
progress on the ground which has been
made by the regime and this and its
allies so it's not the end yet we are
not there yet I think the end will not
be will not be see it unless we see the
sort of bit resolution that I was
talking about earlier joshua landis in
Vermont if what we're talking about here
with the Druze community is like a
microcosm of the broader conflict how
does that mesh with where we are the
point that Marwan was making there how
does that mesh with where we are in the
political arena there are Kurds in
Damascus having discussions with the
asset regime as we speak on the one hand
and on the other hand the reality is
what if ISIL is not defeated what if
ISIL is just
grouping and kind of returning to it the
gold standard of what it does is just
regrouping well Isis is regrouping and
it's attacked recently in Libya and
Yemen and other places but it's it Isis
can only grow where there is a power
vacuum and quite clearly Isis spooked
the United States which was backing the
Syrian rebels to destroy the Syrian
government in a Syrian army under Assad
but America turned away from that
support because it feared that Isis or
al-qaeda would be the beneficiaries of
this so ultimately they've looked the
United States look to iranian-backed
militias in Iraq and Russia and Assad in
Syria to provide that security and
they've gone to the Kurds in the north
but ultimately this is a dilemma I think
that both everybody has underlined here
is that we're going back to the status
quo Assad is clearly winning he is
asserting himself he is destroying these
various rebel groups as he's been doing
down in detta the question is whether he
can provide stable rule in Syria and
both your other commentators have said
no way he can't do that unless he brings
in more opposition but that's very
unlikely to happen Assad is not going to
find a political solution to this war
he's finding what he believes is the
political solution but one that will not
satisfy most the Syrian opposition he is
talking with the Kurds and and Marco
Rubio American senator just accused the
Kurds in North Syria the YPG of being a
rebellious organization and and in a
sense of treason for talking with us on
but the United States is not willing to
really back them up and that's the
that's the problem what choice do these
groups these other groups have other
than to fall in line with Assad we've
seen the Jordanians we've seen the
Lebanese we've seen even the Israelis
begin to talk about Assad's staying and
and ultimately allowing the Syrian army
into southern
Syria into the Darrow reason to destroy
the rebels and nobody lifted a finger to
help them so the writing is on the wall
Assad is winning and the question is how
much stability can he bring back to
Syria hey just put a couple of building
blocks together here for us if we are
talking about the beginning of the end
of this conflict and if it does mean
indeed a victory for Bashar al-assad
we've got the Kurds in Damascus we've
got the rescuers being rescued in the
past few days the white helmets being
escorted to a different location and
we've got external actors kind of laying
down a line in the sand saying yes we
might accept an asset victory but we
will not accept the consequences of that
ie millions of people displaced unless
those millions of people go back into
Syria how does that work
well it's it's difficult to see
basically a solution that will make
everyone happy in a way because on one
hand it's clear that again that the
regime is winning militarily but that
doesn't automatically mean that
basically the regime will be able to
ensure again the stability of Syria on
one hand and stop the ongoing attacks
inside Syria on the other hand and more
importantly for the regional and
international actors be able to allow or
at least encourage refugees to go back
when we go to the first basically issue
which is will the Syrian regime be able
to stop similar attacks in the future we
have Isis who has been changing its
tactics in order to ensure long-term
long-term survival they have changed
their economic model they have changed
basically the structure that depending
mainly on sleeper cells and people who
are discretely trying to destabilize
different areas you have other rebel
groups who will continue to carry out
similar guerrilla like attack
gorilla fare were like attacks in
different areas and then you have
political solution that will again will
not most likely happen unless we see
some serious pressure from Russia on the
regime because the regime wants to
basically recapture the rest of Syria
militarily but the Russians so far are
not willing or unable to pressure the
regime to accept some kind of compromise
with the rest of the groups when it
comes to basically when where does that
leave us
it leaves us in a place where basically
the regime will continue to function to
function in different areas or in the
majority of Syria but groups will
continue to carry out attacks area will
be will be destabilized and many
refugees will not be able to go back so
will be a failed or semi failed state
that we will be most likely looking at
this morning if there's another al
sweida could that knock of course the
diplomacy that clicks together with the
politics in as much as for example we
know for a fact French diplomats have
been ping-ponging between Beirut and
Damascus for the last year the French
under Russian auspices are getting aid
into that western half of Syria and yet
the French have been criticized for
saying will for doing that because
people are saying oh hang on if you're
working with the Russians you're back in
the Russians if you're back in the
Russians you're backing Bashar al Assad
so that there seems to be a circle there
that has got to be squared but how do
you square it I mean this is the point
that I was trying actually to make even
if Assad is winning on the ground in
Syria I think there are so many
stakeholders in this conflict most of
them with perhaps now accept that Assad
is winning including the United States
Israel the Arab Gulf states and and
others but I think there is a big there
is a big elephant in the room that we
need all to see it before we can talk
about an end also I mean to this
conflict about from seeing a political
solution between the regime and the
opposition which is Iran in this case I
think everybody is talking now about how
to get Iran out of Syria if we accept
Assad remaining and power in for the
next whatever for the next couple couple
of a couple of years I mean this is
something that is really important
now I mean I believe this is why in
Syria it's really important to get
almost everybody on board
that means the Russians the Americans of
course I mean the Russians are having
the upper hand in the Syrian and the
Syrian conflict they are in the driving
seat the Americans might be in the
backseat for the time being but we need
the people who are sitting in the back
seat and the people who are sitting in
the driving seat to come to agree
actually on how to to drive the bike
that the vehicle in this case I'm a
political solution in Syria so I think
we need to bring almost everybody right
now in order to have a political
solution to this crisis in Syria as far
as the French roll is concerned I think
I think this is somehow an
interpretation of the Helsinki summit
between President Putin and president
Trump the focus right now is maybe on
the Syrian refugees on trying to focus
maybe on the humanitarian aspect of the
Syrian crisis because political solution
right now doesn't seem very likely as I
said because we need to have almost
everybody on board this is why we're the
French actually we have seen the French
stepping in and trying to do something
with the Russians because they know for
now that this is perhaps the issue that
need to be talked I mean to be dealt
with for the time for the time being
okay and then we see an agreement
between the Americans and the Russians
on how to deal with Iran also the
Israelis will be actually have a scene
let's just pick up on that point of Iran
that you're raising and throw that to
Joshua Joshua but there has been slight
progress on that because the Israelis
surely have got exactly what they wanted
because they've got Russian guarantees
from the Iranians saying yes we will
move back from where we were
historically over the past several
months because the Israelis were
beginning to get really uncomfortable
with that I don't think there's a chance
in hell of getting the Iranians out of
Syria President Assad has made it very
clear that he he has invited the
Iranians in and he expects them to stay
now did Israel get what it wants I don't
think it did
Ezreal is is busy drawing red lines by
bombing everything in Syria that it can
find of Iran's but
the Israeli demands were made to Lavrov
in a meeting just a few days ago and
they want the border with Lebanon closed
so there's no rearming of Hezbollah they
want Iran out no missile emplacements
their list is very long very extensive
and they're not going to get it so
they're gonna continue to bomb and we've
seen them do up near Aleppo any place
they can sense that their Iranian
soldiers helping out advising or helping
to build missiles they will blow up and
that's you know they're they're taking
care of their security and drawing red
lines but I don't suspect that Iran is
going to leave and Russia will not make
you run leave Russia needs Iran in the
sense that they have one together and
they are both interested in propping up
the Assad regime the moment Iran leaves
Syria this country will be the country
will be very vulnerable and we've seen
that any rock - we've seen that with
Hezbollah Iran has a major investment
and it has one it believes it has okay
one point is to interrupt you Joshua
because we are we are trusting towards
the end of the program hey the Russians
are saying we will give all those
displaced people safe passage safe
passage to where and to what Vladimir
Putin is not going to put a million
people into Chechnya into the caucuses
if he starts moving them around mr.
Erdogan in Ankara will react very badly
Turkey has got literally a footprint on
Syrian soil it is semi-permanent
presumably he wants to stay where do
those people go and what kind of life do
they have once they get there well so
far according to the Russian statement
they want them to go back to their own
basically areas but here we have two
issues the first one is that the Syrian
regime has been systematically trying to
prevent many people to go back to their
areas mainly around were Damascus and
basically that the border with Lebanon
for example you have diarrhea which has
been captured for more than two years
it's completely empty and many other
towns are completely empty so the
Russians cannot basically pressure the
regime to allow those people to go back
to their areas so if many of them cannot
go back
the areas then there will be displaced
elsewhere and that's something that
people are not willing to basically risk
their lives for and the other thing is
that basically many of those people they
still have many concerns that are not
basically addressed one of the issue is
that all those who are considered
basically opponent to a regime there's
no protection guarantees those who are
basically wanted for that to do their
military service and who are scared of
being listed there is no guarantee that
they will not be enlisted and this is
why unless those different issues are
addressed you will find it difficult to
see people voluntarily go the
alternative would be to force those
people to go back from the region and
then that will have many other
consequences that will lead to
destabilizing the region okay let them
because they will not be my last point
to the program changes is this the
beginning of the end game of the war in
Syria or if there's another al sueda is
that a perfect demonstration of the fact
that this war is far from over and it
will continue a pace for many months to
come we said we said we said during the
program that the Assad regime might be
winning militarily on the ground but I
think there will be no stability in
Syria unless we have a particular
solution to this crisis including
actually the discussion about Iran I
think the need Russia's need for Iran
will decrease when this conflict and
militarily and there there will be no
need for Iran to stay in Syria if we
have a political solution because there
will be no threat to the regime at that
point if we have the opposition and the
regime agreeing on a political solution
what threat would be both against the
regime in this case so Iran should be
should be actually leaving Syria without
Iran leaving Syria I cannot see I cannot
see real solution to this to this
conflict in Syria we'll have to leave it
there many thanks for your contribution
thank you to our guest Marwan Karbala
and joshua landis on hate hate and thank
you too for your company you can see the
show again any time by checking out the
web site al Jazeera comm or for further
discussion check out our Facebook page
facebook.com forward slash page a inside
story you can also tweet us at AJ inside
story or tweet me out
I'm at PETA Doby one from me Peter Dhabi
and the entire team here in Doha thanks
for your company we'll do it all again
at the same time tomorrow I'll see you
soon
you
