leaders from five of the world's leading
emerging markets say they are united
when it comes to trade they say
protectionism which is being placed by
US President Donald Trump should be
rejected
what is constant is the flare up of
geopolitical conflicts and the
escalation of protectionism and
unilateralism they directly affect
emerging markets in developing countries
we must work together with the United
Nations the g20 and the World Trade
Organization to safeguard the
rules-based multilateral trading system
liberalize and facilitate trade and
investment and reject protectionism
outright it's the first time presidents
from the BRICS trade bloc are meeting
since Donald Trump threatened to impose
tariffs on all Chinese imports
economists say the trade war could also
hurt smaller countries some fear Trump's
plans will stifle global economic growth
leaders at the BRICS summit say
increasing global trade encourages
economies of all countries to grow but
emerging economies could be damaged if
the US imposes tariffs on certain goods
Trump's tries to impose tariffs have
given Brazil Russia India China and
South Africa more reason to increase
trade cooperation between them it's also
forced China the world's second largest
economy after the United States to look
for other markets to buy and sell its
products China has been the most
important trading partner with the u.s.
so as US to China but now with this
escalating trade tension we can almost
be certain that in the next few years
the trade between those two countries
will be hurt a lot along with a very
volatile exchange rate market exchange
market so for China to extend or to
strengthen other relations Europe and
Africa would be it's tough choices on
because of the sheer chef's share size
of those markets BRICS leaders in South
Africa have suggested another meeting be
held where world players discuss their
differences and perhaps prevent a global
trade war for that to happen all parties
have to agree to come to the table and
try to find a balance between promoting
national inch
and those of the global community harue
Matassa al Jazeera Janice Berg
