for years Nora has I knew nothing about
her husband opposition activist Bassel
heart appeal until recently when the
Syrian government declared that he died
in 2015 he was among the more than
80,000 people believed by rights groups
to have been detained or forcibly
disappeared since the uprising began in
2011 in recent weeks and after years of
silence more and more families are being
told their relatives are dead recently
the family started to know about the
fate of their beloved ones all of this
death certificate the cause of the
they've written that this is for a heart
attack yeah and this is also very hard I
think because they in some way they push
the families to sign out and to agree
that they was not killed Rossi says so
far there are four thousand names of
detainees or those who disappeared now
officially registered as deceased
the dates go back years among them
yah-hey sharmaji a well-known nonviolent
opposition activist from that I am his
family was recently informed at the
Yehia and his brother Mohammad had died
in 2013 while in detention relatives
find out from civil registry offices or
the military police families are being
told what they long suspected they now
want to know where the bodies are buried
and the true cause of deaths
international human rights groups have
accused the Syrian government of
large-scale torture and extrajudicial
killing in its prisons the exact number
of detainee deaths while in detention is
not known some rights groups say 30,000
died of torture and dire conditions
since the conflict began seven years ago
other rights groups say the number is as
high as 60,000 Insignia prison alone
Amnesty International estimated that
13,000 were killed in mass hangings
between 2011
and 2015 families of the detained who
live in rural areas are able to raise
their voices but those in government
territory have to remain silent
the fear now is the government may be
trying to cover up likely crimes against
humanity and prevent families from
seeking justice they feel they are the
winners now so they don't care about
anything and because of racial pressure
on them they want to close this file to
finish it the families say the case of
the detainees and the disappeared needs
to be dealt with in any post-conflict
settlement it seems the Syrian
government wants to avoid that by
burying the file and along with it the
truth
sanika there al Jazeera Beirut
