it was perhaps the most stunning upset
in US political history Donald J Trump
the property tycoon reality TV star and
demagogue with zero political experience
browse an angry nationalistic segment of
the u.s. electorate to become the most
powerful man on earth together we will
make America great again but since his
election victory Trump's gone from
threatening nuclear war with North Korea
they will be met with fire and fury -
piling around with Kim jong-un and his
escalated conflicts across the Middle
East from Syria to Yemen to Palestine
meanwhile a special counsel continues to
investigate whether the Trump campaign
colluded with Russia to win the
presidency
my guest tonight a vocal supporter of
Donald Trump has called the Russia
investigation a witch-hunt and a hoax
but the retired US Navy commander and
former Pentagon spokesman is himself a
former Trump campaign official who's
become entangled in the Mulla
investigation
so is Trump really succeeded in making
America and the world great again I'm
Mary Hassan and I've come here to the
Oxford Union to go head-to-head with JD
Gordon the Trump campaigns director of
national security
I'll challenge him on the president's
alleged collusion with Russia and ask
whether Donald Trump is really fit to be
the so-called leader of the free world
tonight I'll also be joined by Mark
Porter president of Republicans overseas
in France and an advisor to the Trump
pens 2020 reelection campaign le Garen
Meyer senior policy fellow for the
Middle East and North Africa program at
the European Council on Foreign
Relations and David Kay Johnson a
Pulitzer prize-winning journalist and
the author of the Trump biography the
making of Donald Trump and it's even
worse than you think what the Trump
administration is doing to America
ladies and gentlemen please welcome
JD gordon JD gordon currently runs a
strategic communications firm based in
washington DC and has served as a
national security and foreign policy
adviser to three Republican presidential
candidates JD Gordon do you believe
Donald Trump is President of the United
States today because of collusion
between his election campaign the
campaign you were part of and the
Russian government no not at all as far
as collusion with Russia the collusion
with Russia narrative is a hoax it's the
witch hunt of the century it's basically
been a shakedown and it's ruined a lot
of lives frankly and it's basically an
excuse from the Democrats for losing the
election when Hillary Clinton was
heavily favored to win just to be clear
then when you say it's a hoax are you
saying the allegations of the Trump
campaign that you were part of working
with Russians or Russian government
officials or cutouts is a hoax or are
you saying that the idea that the
Russians interfered in the American
election campaign in order to try and
get their preferred candidate Donald J
Trump elected that's outs because the
second view is the view of the US
intelligence community it's the view of
the US Senate Intelligence Committee so
I'm just wondering where you stand I do
believe that the Russian government
interfered in the u.s. election so that
is not a hoax to investigate that
however the Russians didn't impact the
election that I know of as far as
swinging the vote I just think Hillary
Clinton was not a very good candidate
and she didn't go to places in the
Midwest where she should have went it's
not a national election it's it's a
50-state election and President Trump
won handily in the electoral college
what I don't get is this is an
investigation that's produced in just
over a year more than 30 indictments
five guilty pleas including the
president's former national security
adviser his deputy campaign chairman his
campaign foreign policy advisor it
doesn't sound like a hoax or a
witch-hunt
it sounds like you were working with a
bunch of confessed criminals to get
Donald Trump elected well what I had
said was that the collusion narrative is
a hoax I say it's like that because it's
rounded up a bunch of
people who were innocent of at least
collusion of the charges so you have
people going to jail ones in jail now as
we speak his photo in a mug shot was
just Benjamin who has extensive ties to
Russia as we know correct however he was
not put in jail because of collusion
with Russia there was no collusion
whatsoever once you get put under
investigation everything's on the table
and several people are going to prison
for a couple lying to the FBI General
Michael Flynn found an interview
yes I'll any crime nobody forced him to
lie to the FBI he made a mistake he
didn't have a lawyer with him he got
strong-armed by the FBI George
papadopolis wrong armed a forum a
three-star general who ran a US
intelligence agency and lied to the FBI
about his conversations with Russians
secret conversations he got strong-armed
I think he made some mistakes
poor little general you say there was no
collusion you say it's a hoax and a
witch-hunt the problem is that there
seems to be so much evidence that
suggests otherwise
for example let's talk about the Trump
Tower meeting June 9th 2016 Donald Trump
jr. son of the president gets an email
telling him that Russians have
information that would quote incriminate
Hillary Clinton as part of quote Russia
and his government support for mr. Trump
he doesn't say oh I better call the FBI
and report this he says quote I love it
and then he and Jared Kushner and Paul
Manafort invite those Russians to Trump
Tower one of whom later admits to her
ties to the Kremlin and if that wasn't
bad enough at that meeting
Don Trump jr. asks them for dirt on
Hillary Clinton and her foundation
if that's not collusion if that's not
working with Russians what is well
that's not collusion basically Don Trump
jr. took a meeting he should not have
taken he was a political novice just
like George papadopolis and Carter page
two guys who were on the national
security advisory committee of which I
was the director so you had people doing
things they should not have doing taking
meetings they shouldn't have taken
traveling to places they shouldn't have
traveled to but that's not collusion
it's poor judgment but it's not
collusion when you say it's it's poor
judgment but that goes to the heart of
it people on your campaign said they
were asked nope no context whatsoever
never had
and never have none zero and then
suddenly one after another after another
I think by one count more than 24 24
something meetings there have been
between Trump officials and Russians
more than 80 odd contacts texts emails
DMS if there's nothing to hide why are
these senior people a former senator a
general why are they lying time and
again why are they getting caught lying
if there's nothing to hide I just don't
get it
well speaking for Attorney General
Sessions who was my boss on the campaign
and a senator when he was testifying for
the Senate for the attorney general
position he basically had said that he
wasn't aware of Russian contacts he had
a very long hearing I think he was
rope-a-dope a little bit so he was just
so tired wasn't remembering shaking the
Russian ambassador's hand in the crowd
now he met him on more than one occasion
with more than a handshake I mean a
couple times your defense basically so
far is we're novices we're tired
we're incompetent that's the defense
it's cock-up not conspiracy not me
well you a part of the combat was well
even you even you you told Business
Insider that you did nothing at the
Republican National Convention that
anything to do with changing the party's
platform on military aid to Ukraine
there was a huge criticism that Donald
Trump had suffered softened the
Republican Party's position on Ukraine
and Russia thrown 70 years of GOP
foreign policy out of the window you
said I was sitting in a desk I never
moved and then months later you admitted
actually you were involved in phone
calls in negotiations in changing that
party platform well when you weren't
100% forthcoming according to the media
but Business Insider they lie like the
best of them okay that's not what I told
the Business Insider what I told
Business Insider was that I disagreed
with the characterization from a
delegate from Texas an idiot or old
woman named Diana Denman who was adamant
about going to the GOP platform and
introducing an amendment to arm Ukraine
of which I advised the delegates that
that was a bad idea
and inconsistent with president Trump's
worldview mr. Trump's worldview at the
time and inconsistent with the policy at
the time under President Obama however
that got spun in the Business Insider
and other media to say I denied being
involved that's not what I said I just
said I just just disagreed with
Denman's recollection of events you know
who did deny you were involved
Paul manna for your boss to campaign
chairman he said nobody from the
campaign was involved in changing the
party's position on Russia and Ukraine
turns out someone was involved JD Gordon
that was very unfortunate it was a
memory what's right the list was bad
memory incompetent novice unfortunate
yeah there you know nothing that up Wow
okay so that's that's the argument for
all of these contexts that were hidden
all of these conversations that happen
that were never reported all of these
ties I mean the Trump Tower meeting is a
fascinating one because even Steve
Bannon who last time I checked wasn't
part of the liberal media who wasn't a
Democrat served loyally under Donald
Trump for a long period even he said it
was unpatriotic and treasonous to take
that meeting in Trump Tower did Donald
Trump jr. and Paul Manafort did they
take that group of Russian lobbyists one
of whom has ties to the Kremlin to see
the president you were working for the
campaign then not that I know of but the
interesting story about that is that was
in June of 2016 I was a director of
natural security but I was based in
Washington isn't there a problem then
with you a narrative with on the one
hand you'll say you're in the campaign
it was incompetence you know I knew
these people etc etc on the other hand
when I'm asking about quite damning
meeting like well I wasn't in town and I
didn't know about it well I wasn't
you can't ever both we don't know about
the levels of collusion well I you don't
know about other meetings that may have
gone on here maybe you should say yes
Bob mother getting to the bottom however
I do know many there has been an
investigation multiple investigations
going on starting in the summer of 2016
two years including but by the FBI there
has been no evidence that shows
collusion okay a judgment yeah plenty of
evidence for that okay let's go to our
panel David Cay Johnston is a Pulitzer
Prize winning journalist author of the
Trump biography the making of Donald
Trump and the book it's even worse than
you think what the Trump administration
is doing to America David the reality is
that the pro Trump side is right in
saying that there is nothing so far
tying Donald Trump himself to any kind
of collusion is it you would have to
concede that point well Donald has spent
30 years deeply involved with Russians
and Russian criminals but one thing the
two of you didn't discuss is that Jared
Kushner a White House paid employee
inbound from some
went to the Russians and asked to use
their secret diplomatic communications
in the Washington embassy to have a
secret channel to the Kremlin if that
doesn't tell you there was collusion
going on I don't know what does
imagine if any other president that had
happened let me put that point to mark
Porter is here from Paris president of
Republicans oversees over there he's
also been an advisor to the Trump pence
twenty20 re-election campaign mark I've
got question for you but before I ask it
you're you're kind of exasperated you're
Holly you heard from David Cay Johnston
well first of all you make it sound like
this is the first time this has ever
happened
you guys are sounding like you're
amateurs up here because we know how
this works inside of campaigns every
campaign does this every campaign goes
it has to use Russia's secret diplomatic
communication you had your target now
first of all this kind of thing is not
unusual and collusion is not illegal let
me explain what collusion is the reason
they're using collusion is because they
can't find anything else there is no
corruption there is no collaboration
which is illegal then let me finish
because this idea of collusion being
something that's really horrible
we collude all the time in terms of
communicating I speak with Russians all
the time everybody does including the
Hillary campaign now if you guys would
spend as much time looking at the other
side of the campaign as you do with us
you will see that you're making a big
thing out of it and if we are wasting
our time just to check yes isn't it odd
don't you find out you know Donald Trump
don't you find out that this is a man
who has an insulting demeaning nickname
for everyone how come he never says
anything critical about Vladimir Putin
everyone in the world he criticizes
praising are you talking you tell me
what he said critical that maybe pin
house came directly let me ask my
question he is called Putin a strong
leader a better leader than Obama he
would give him an A+ grade
could he be my best friend I've got a
long list where's the critical
about funny when you only hear half of
the side this is also sizing what has he
said about food are you kidding me are
you really serious now if you've only
done half of your homework I'm not gonna
do the rest of it for you let's bring
Ellie who's been waiting very patiently
Ellie Garin Mayer is a senior policy
fellow for the Middle East and North
Africa program at the European Council
on Foreign Relations
how much has Donald Trump's seemingly
pro-russian policies undermined the
Atlantic Alliance then NATO the European
Union or are we blowing this Russia
stuff up out of all proportion well
metal is a real shock at least in Europe
who are you know European allies of the
United States is the degree of demeaning
nature and tone that's being used
towards leader after leader in the
Alliance structure the way that NATO is
being attacked by my words or pressures
which which all creates this image even
if it may not be true but certainly a
strong impression that President Trump
does favor a much more transactional
relationship with someone like mr. Putin
then keeping in line structure in place
and we've seen recently with the
meetings of the g7 with the meetings of
NATO leaders with those types of
comments well North Korea last time I
checked isn't an ally of the United
States the real worry is is that will
mr. Putin have more of a sway on u.s.
foreign policy decision-making and trade
policy etc than European allies will and
this is a huge issue in Teddy Gordon why
do you think Putin wanted Trump elected
well I think that Hillary Clinton as
Secretary of State was trying to
destabilize Russia in 2014 I think that
he saw her as an enemy and I think that
he felt he wanted to attack the United
States and this is the way they did it
it's not just the United States a Russia
attacks our European allies too
I mean that's cheaper than fighting a
war okay I'm glad you can concede that
and we've got to move on but I do want
ask you this just on a personal point
you've been interviewed not just by
congressional committees but by the
robert muller special counsel team as
well do you worry that he may end up
sending you to prison - no
at all but don't think they haven't
tried anybody who's been before a
congressional committee or the special
counsel and there have been about 50
Trump associates who have been before
these that's why it's a it's a hoax and
a witch-hunt
because it takes things like shaking the
Russian ambassador's hand in a crowd
after I give a speech and then the media
turned that into some nefarious activity
and you get asked about it of course
let's talk about North Korea let's talk
forum yeah see JD Gordon you've said
that North Korea has been quote a top
threat to America and our allies you've
said the threat from North Korea is very
real so do you now agree or disagree
with the president the United States
your former boss who says quote there is
no longer a nuclear threat from North
Korea I think he was trying to talk in
the strategic macro sense like he's had
this great talk with Kim and jong-un
right now and so there's no longer a
nuclear threat not in the technical
sense because in the technical sense
that's true there is a nuclear threat
for North Korea in the strategic sense
he says all we're getting along now he
tends to talk in very broad sweeping
terms I am and I admire your ability to
try and defend it with strategic and
technical it's not true to say North
Korea is not a nuclear threat that's
just demonstrably false statement in the
technical sense okay according to US
intelligence North Korea's actually
quote increased its production of fuel
for nuclear weapons at multiple secret
sites and is considering ways to conceal
its weapons one US intelligence official
said there is absolutely unequivocal
evidence that they're trying to deceive
the u.s. president Trump is trying to do
something different that we haven't had
other presidents have the ability to do
and that is to rein in the nuclear
program of North Korea the missile
program at all so so far since President
Trump has made this outreach and has
basically met with Kim jong-un we
haven't seen any nuclear tests we
haven't seen any missile tests just six
months ago we were at the brink of a war
but then you have Iran where Donald
Trump pulls the United States out of the
Iran nuclear deal against the advice of
his defense secretary against the advice
of his Secretary of State against the
advice of his national security advisor
against the advice of his European
allies against the advice of America's
leading non-proliferation experts how
are you okay with a one-page document of
empty promises from North Korea which is
hailed as the end of the nuclear threat
while tearing up a hundred and fifty
nine page document of verified
inspections negotiated over two
with iran and backed up by the IAA how
do you square the two because North
Korea basically just wants to survive
Kim dynasty he's the third one now his
grandfather was the founder of the
regime his father carried it on he's the
third one he just wants to pass it on to
his children someday he wants to survive
Iran wants to conquer the rest of the
Middle East they want to be the regional
powerhouse in 1979 that whole revolution
was about exporting revolution or Islam
it's a Shia version of Islam and their
sworn enemies are people like our allies
like UAE like the Saudis and so Iran has
a very different view of North Korea's
enemies are also your allies Japan South
Korea here's my question to you we can
all agree that meeting with dictators
and despots is a good thing if you're
going to avoid war I think people should
reach out I'm not against negotiation a
lot of people aren't against
negotiations what they don't get is okay
Trump wants to meet with these people
but why does he have to slobber over
them when he does it
why does he have to always he's such a
fan of tyrants and despots why does he
heap such praise on them in a way that
US presidents who have all met with
dictators I've never done so publicly
this kind of embarrassing hugging and
well Barack Obama bowed down to the king
of Saudi Arabia so did Donald Trump just
for the record and he sought dance with
them as well in fact he went aside he
went to Saudi Arabia before any other
country so I think that's a bit all we
criticize Obama let's ask the question
yeah
he says Kim jong-un is a talented man
who loves this country very much do you
believe the oppressed persecuted starved
people of totalitarian North Korea quote
love Kim jong-un with a great fervor
because that's what Donald Trump says I
get talented man who loves his people
very much I think he loves his people
very much as far as evil love him well
they're taught to because it's a cult in
North Korea however you don't willing to
criticize the president a totally what
he says stuff you can't disagree with
well I I'm trying to put it in in the
right perspective I think the right
suspect is what they love him in a
cult-like way it's unfortunate but it's
the reality that sound familiar talking
and people you love in a cult unless
you're gonna take him out by force what
are you gonna do okay
well let's let's go to our panel here
Mark Porter do you now agree that the
Republican Party's position is that the
chairman of North Korea isn't
and heartless as Georgia Bush once
called him but he's smart he's talented
he's got a great personality that's
Donald Trump's view of him any that's
not his view that's a negotiating
position and you know it so and it's as
if Barack Obama had gone to North Korea
hugged Kim jong-un put out a coin and
said he was a talented man who was loved
by his people Republicans would be
impeaching him by now the reason the
reason is and the reason that we have
opposition parties and live in a
democracy is that we do keep people in
the alignment now when I go back and
answer your question that you asked me
before Trump is not insulting Putin
because there's no reason to do so now
in negotiations you insult people you
put them in their place you positioned
them so you had the best advantage in
negotiating Putin has not insulted Trump
so therefore there's no need to do that
now okay
JD Gordon about the difference between
North Korea and Iran
apparently North Korea just wants to
survive Iran wants to conquer therefore
you do a deal with North Korea and you
tear up the deal with Iran is that how
you see it well first I'd say men see
that the last time I checked because
Iran doesn't have a nuclear weapon they
haven't been able to threaten the United
States with a nuclear weapon
in the same way it's North Korea was so
if we're taking mr. Trump's America
first strategy you'd see a clear line of
why the North Korean threat needs to be
dealt with much more significantly so I
think the real problem at the moment is
that President Trump violated and exited
a nuclear agreement that was enshrined
by UN law UN Security Council resolution
without an alternative and really the
only answer that the Republican
establishment has given is bomb Iran
bombs on a response this is a response
and there is a disingenuous offer to
negotiate a grand bargain with Iran
whereas the opening unconditional offer
seems to be a total capitulation of the
regime and this is not how you negotiate
certainly not with a middle-eastern
partner frankly most most of the u.s.
immigration officials that worked on it
didn't even read the deal until six
months into because I've checked because
I've checked okay a number and so this
is this is I think the real point is
that what does president Trump want to
do from here on I need to bring in David
you've written
Donald Trump for decades now you've
known Donald Trump for decades from New
York days let me ask you this on the
kind of on it on a personal level why do
you think it is that Trump likes these
strong men and dictators and forms over
them is it a negotiating strategy or is
it something he envies about that he
wants to be like them what is your
assessment well Donald is a man who has
thumbed his nose at the law his entire
life he is the third-generation head of
a white-collar crime family his
grandfather was a pimp his father was a
thief who stole from the federal
government Donald has cheated workers
he's cheated vendors he cheated
governments he's gone to extreme lengths
to cheat and it is Donald's nature to
see in other people who are strong
bosses who thumb their nose at
convention that those are the people who
wants to be like this is a man who when
he was asked in the debates about
nuclear you know what would your
strategy be regarding the nuclear triad
oh it's awesome it's awesome but what's
your strategy about the triad oh it's
awesome it's just it's he doesn't know
what he said he knows a lot about
nuclear because his uncle was a nuclear
and he doesn't know jack about and so
what he's done is he's elevated him to
his own people he has given him
propaganda devices he has helped him to
solidify his control
JD good and let me ask you this before
we go to the break how worried should we
be about the prospect of nuclear war on
a Donald Trump presidency senator bob
Corker Republican chair of the Senate
Foreign Relations Committee has said
that Trump could be leading us towards
World War three how worried should we be
that this kind of impulsive erratic
president with a lack of foreign policy
experience and who likes the idea of
nuclear weapons not what using not
worried in my view but I think many it's
important to understand that a lot of
people miss the forest for the trees on
President Trump
President Trump and the the make America
great again slogan is really a movement
if it wasn't him it would be somebody
else because there's a lot of anger and
resentment in the American population
it's a very divided country Russia
helped stoke that division by the way
but if it was a mr. Trump it to be
somebody else in part - when we come
back we're gonna talk about Donald Trump
the man who he is how we should judge
him how worried should we be and some of
the controversies surrounding what he
said and done
also here from our patient audience here
in the Oxford Union so join us for head
to head after the break here at the
Oxford Union my guest today is JD Gordon
former national security adviser to the
Donald Trump election campaign former
Pentagon spokesman we've been talking
about Russian collusion North Korean
nuclear weapons let's talk about Donald
Trump himself you were an advisor to
Trump during his bid for the presidency
you met with him you spoke with him
can I ask you on behalf of millions
perhaps billions of people around the
world what was it like working for this
former reality TV star who if you wanted
to be polite you would say is unorthodox
unconventional perhaps if you weren't
being so polite you might say is a
deluded narcissistic manchild well I'd
say he's a brilliant man he became the
president of the United States he had a
very successful career in real estate
casinos I grew up at the Jersey Shore
and when I was a preteen he was already
famous you know he's the guy who's been
around in the public eye a very long
time and he basically is
anti-establishment character like I was
mentioning about I'm just gonna get to
the photo but I know you're not gonna
tell me but I forget what your
perspective of this guy you come from
this military Pentagon background and
you come to work for a guy I mean does
he know anything about the world because
he doesn't seem to when he speaks about
the world he does he thinks Ireland is
in the UK he thinks Israel isn't in the
Middle East
he thinks Germany owes the u.s. money
for NATO he doesn't understand how NATO
works
he thinks nambia is a country in Africa
he can't tell the difference between the
Kurds force and the Kurds as governor I
don't know anything about the world he
does he does in governor Huckabee said
and he's right this is the best chance
we have for a fresh vision for the
United States the United States has 20
trillion dollars in debt okay
we can't be the world's policeman
forever and that's typically a Democrat
position to increase the debt by record
margins but we'll leave that discussion
for another day
is it another problem of working on
foreign policy with a man like Donald
Trump is
he doesn't like foreigners he's kind of
racist married no I would disagree with
that and he does like foreigners Melania
is from Sylvania okay sorry the same
like you said you're right you're dead
he liked to eat poutine you're right
right he likes white foreigners yes I
agree with that
yeah I mean let me ask you this look at
marks marks getting upset and would come
to mark in a moment when he compares
Syrian refugees to snakes says everyone
from Haiti has AIDS calls African
countries s whole countries accuses
Mexico sending over rapists and drug
dealers calls immigrants invaders who
are infesting the United States blames
terrorist attacks on the Muslim Mayor of
London retweets white nationalist
praises neo-nazis as very fine people
singles out black athletes for abuse
attacks a Hispanic judges Mexican none
of that's racist well I would tell you
that he did the sword dance as you said
with the Saudi leadership sad King right
it's your response to what I just wrote
let me get to that point
he also said nice things about Kim
jong-un just now so how could he be
racist against foreigners who are not
white so you basically just made an
argument I can be racist how would you
defend let me ask you this do you share
the views that I just read out no I
don't why do you think he said those
things I think President Trump says
whatever he wants to say make him a
racist sorry to break that no I don't
think he's a racist whatsoever do you
think my comment okay okay do you think
the comments he made are legitimately
perceived as racist I think he makes
comments that he probably shouldn't make
I wouldn't make okay so let me ask you
this why shouldn't he make them because
they're racist
I would just say that President Trump is
his own man and people are missing the
force for them you can be your own man
and say things you shouldn't say it'd
still be a racist I'm not hearing a
defense here of anything the issue is we
were called racist so many people that
are conservatives were not racist were
called by getting up by him calling lots
of conservatives race in fact other
conservatives have called him racist
Paul Ryan House speaker said his
comments about Judge Richard curiel a
Latino judge with a textbook definition
of racism that's the leading
conservative accused Donald Trump of
racism he's had a lot of em many enemies
in Congress but you have to remember for
everything the Congress has the approval
ratings around 12% 13% you really gonna
do polls JD go to the shoulder according
to the polls the majority of Americans
think Donald Trump is racist well I
would tell you normally the poll games
the majority I would tell you that
Congress all the time Democrats
Republicans cuz I thank him all the
tokay it's not just his racism note he
also does mark will come to you and you
will make the defense I'm sure very well
all you might ask me a question back Joe
it's not just his racism though he's
also a serial congenital liar the
Washington Post has kept a count of
3,000 false or misleading claims he's
made since coming to office the Toronto
Star's count is at 2,000 false things he
said that's around three and a half lies
a day a day how are we supposed to
believe anything he says about anything
how did you believe anything he told you
about anything well the issue is he was
elected because the American people
don't care do you think he just started
saying whatever you want away I don't
like this no I have the best defense of
Donald Trump's like I've ever said
people don't so he's a liar so he's a
liar but people don't care
America give you that he was elected do
you think he just started to say
whatever he wanted when he got elected
no he was lying before he was like -
he's been in the public life for decades
start well my point is the American
people don't care this issue is wrong I
didn't ask whether the American people
care don't know I asked how can you take
anything he says seriously given he's
aligned you've conceded he's a liar how
can you take him seriously yes the
President of the United States what I
mean I said if he'd to ask you something
if he tells you to do something about
foreign policy if he makes a promise
that we will do X how could you believe
him when he tells three and a half lies
at minimum a day well I first of all I
would disagree with that statistic
because but he tells lots of lies as
you've conceded how
you trust him working with mr. Trump is
basically rolling with the punches so
you have to be able to see okay great
new firm is a rolling with the punches
with the lies but know a lot of great
things for United States for 20 trucks
is that great sorted out the fact that
you're 20 trillion does it has nothing
to do with the fact that he's a liar
mark you're getting very agitated you're
jumping in here well tell me why Donald
Trump is not a liar in a racist
look you've taken all those comments out
of context you cherry all of them and
you did it on purpose to make this sort
of little argument here and that am I
the first person to accuse Donald Trump
of racism just me there's not as I said
majority of Americans think so according
to the American salutely not true Ted
Cruz Jeb Bush Mitt Romney Marco Marco
Rubio last time I checked all reported
they all called him aglaia
a fraud a conman do you understand that
that was during the primaries when they
were fighting against each other you
ever worked in a campaign before they
tell you have not let me tell you what
how many times they called a liar ma
they didn't call each other lies they
certainly did call each other wise you
know I could be lives they need hold any
other kind a conman a fraud and a cancer
on conservatism says we're only reserved
for your camp no it's not true what
you're saying are you saying Donald
Trump lies just like every other
politician eyes is that your is that
your position I'm saying what Donald
Trump is saying is intended to get
results okay and if you look at the
results and start planning so and JD got
his position is he kind of does lie but
he gets elected he gets things done
that's your argument
I met a politician before who lies like
Donald Trump and I've interviewed people
from across the world in that seat and
I've never met a politician who lies you
come to Austin Texas to the Republican
National Convention and I will show you
some people that were can completely
disapprove my favorite love ever heard
of a Republican president from a
Republican come to the Republic have met
you were all liars over there
so you just lied I took that back to
Texas and said that you were a liar I
would also have all these quotes all of
these things just I mean when he says
the head of the Boy Scouts called me up
at the head of the Boy Scout says he
didn't call me up in Sarasota says he
didn't call me what is that Mary what
did you tell me this yesterday and I
could call them up and ask about really
happy thinking you would offer the
defense
you won't even organize food right here
and make a phone call to see what's
happened okay Ellie Guerin Meyer is from
the European Council on Foreign
Relations from a foreign policy
perspective I'm fascinated we could talk
about Trump's lies all day long but
what's the impact on international
relations how we talked earlier in the
show about his impact on allies versus
Putin how do allied governments around
the world how do you European
governments when Donald Trump's the
president can they take him seriously do
they take him seriously in your view
look I think they take him very
seriously but I think there has been
significant damage done to the trust
relationship alliances work on trust on
solidarity and I think both of those
have been significantly tarnished in the
last year and a half when you have a
statement that's released and within 24
hours
president Trump reneged on that to the
g7 when you have same an after statement
to the different world leaders saying
that he will do one thing but at the end
of the day ends up doing something else
it creates a very unpredictable chaotic
I think it's significantly dangerous
because the the last you know since
World War two
these alliance structures have managed
to prevent significant conflicts
happening around the world and let me
just add one more thing because I think
I heard that the United States doesn't
want to be the policeman of the world
well what we've seen in the last year
and a half is essentially the United
States being the mobster of the world in
terms of threatening our eyes in terms
of pressuring through duress to keep
raising the bar and this is how this is
how we are and let me put Mark's point
to you that you know politicians lie
you've been studying world leaders
foreign governments foreign policy for
many years now have you come across any
other politician who behaves in this way
Trudeau
why behave in the same way as Donald
Trump what I can say is that speaking at
least to many European policymakers in
the last year and a half people are
baffled they may not say this publicly
but in private people are baffled let me
put the same question to David Cay
Johnston who is a Trump a biographer
award-winning journalist let me ask you
this politicians lie Donald Trump lies a
bit more than the rest a lot more than
the rest is there something different
about Donald Trump when it comes to this
kind of Donald was in a class all by
himself and for the thirty years I've
known Donald he creates his own reality
there are plenty of video and audio tape
of where Donald says something in two
minutes later denies that he says that
he said that Donald has willing to lie
in amazing forums he has twice been
tried for income tax fraud and lost both
cases
he's a confessed sales tax cheat that's
lies this is a man who has testified
under oath that he didn't know anything
about who the faculty were of the scam
called Trump University when he in the
NAD said I will personally pick the
faculty and he was shelled every name he
didn't know them Donald Trump lies with
the easily so you can you've mentioned a
few lines there I mentioned if you like
hey let's get to that let's get behind
that when asked does he tell these lies
does he say these things his own reality
because he's a cynical politician who's
making you know he's not afraid to make
brazenly false statements in order to
get things done get elected whatever
what is he just deluded as he kind of
lost his mind I always wonder is is this
a kind of deliberate falsehood or is
this just I couldn't remember which
there there are occasions in which I've
dealt with Donald in which his lies were
strategic and I could see the logic of
them but he literally is delusional at
times and in my books I lay out his own
statements that show they're delusional
remember that Donald Trump says I am the
world's greatest expert in all time
about taxes and then demonstrates you
know jack about taxes he doesn't know
accounting he doesn't know net present
value if you don't know those you can't
know taxes he has said in numerous
forums things that make clear that he
doesn't know anything one of his
professors at Penn you know called him
the damn dumbest student I ever had in
my life
JD Gordon do you do you recognize that
picture of Donald Trump I just want to
get to the bottom of someone who's
actually worked with him and given him
advice yeah in my personal interactions
I'd say he was very brilliant for a
sharp guy and he gave me an exhaustion's
can you give me an example of the
brilliance sure he had very insightful
questions about relationships with NATO
with Europe our alliances dollars and
cents he's a very big dollars in NATO
works well he does he understands
germany owes america money that's not
how NATO works you're a former soldier
you know that he says things that will
prompt a reaction from our allies to get
them to pony up more money because just
when he's lying he's just pretending not
to know no I was not as he keep
repeatedly claiming a false thing he
tries he tries to make a point and
sometimes it's not exactly that I'm a
liar technically correct
sometimes it's triggered by your
persistent JT good let's go to our very
patient audience in Oxford Union the
gentleman in the front row here and then
we'll go to somebody at the back so my
name is Emmett I'm a graduate student
here on the campaign trail President
Trump called for the total and complete
shutdown of Muslims entering the United
States then as president he introduced a
executive order banning entry from those
from seven Muslim majority countries do
you believe it is compatible with the
America's core ideals that we welcome
all people regardless of religion race
or background given the policies routes
thank you for that question
shall I respond yes please well
basically of those seven countries you
mentioned ones North Korea and ones
Venezuela which are not Muslim majority
countries the other countries on that
list have a problem with security
screening they can't do the appropriate
background checks we're talking about
Libya Syria Yemen places that are
undergoing civil wars right now or at
least a low low level conflict and they
can't that terrorists from those
countries that's why they're on the list
right now it makes perfect sense it's
not a Muslim ban it's a it's a ban
against countries that don't vet people
the way we would like to we can have a
debate about whether this order is a
Muslim ban or not and the Supreme Court
has decided it isn't to be fair but
here's what I don't get you worked on
the Donald Trump campaign and during the
campaign it was a Muslim ban he said no
Muslims from anywhere me I can't come
into the u.s. my friends can't come into
the u.s. any Muslim cannot come into the
United States you support that while you
worked for him
he said something that I wouldn't have
said and I didn't support your habits of
major we did what we did I said okay
well well how's that gonna work and plan
them in you reigned in the bigotry I
wouldn't characterize it that way I
don't think banning all Muslims in the
United Sates is bigoted it wasn't a good
thing to say and he didn't he doesn't
say that now he's changed his position
okay let's let's go back to the audience
I said I've got someone in the back yes
lady here in the red jacket hello my
name is Isabelle Dominguez I come from a
family of Venezuela Venezuelan family
that has emigrated to Miami Florida
which is a refuge to countless
Venezuelans who have fled the severe
political and economic conflict there
mr. Trump recently suggested using
military intervention to alleviate the
conflict there despite some federal
opposition what is your opinion mr.
Gordon I'm mr. Trump's remark thanks
Isabella I'm very sorry to see what's
happening in Venezuela it's horrible I
was there in 1999 since then about 4
million Venezuelans have left the
country
it's a tragedy unfolding every day but
what I would tell you is that allegedly
what happened is mr. Trump asked his
advisers about it so number one there's
no shortage of things president Trump
won't say or won't ask no shortage of
that number two there's no shortage of
people that are disgruntled around him
for a variety of reasons who quit get
fired so then they tell the press which
is number three there are no shortage of
people in the press will spin any little
nugget of information into a sensational
story so do I believe he asked that
question I do do I believe he suggested
it of course not he asked a question
mitt didn't suggest it no no it's fine
to ask a question you can ask anything
you want do you think they all wanted to
invade Venezuela I don't I don't know
you just put out there for fun well no
it's not that
I have some experience on the campaign
with that where he'll ask a hypothetical
question and then someone will leak it
in a very underhanded to several Latin
American leaders maybe you shouldn't
tell foreign governments that part of
the world he wants to invade okay let's
go back to the audience let's take lady
here in the second row once again we've
heard the view of Russia being an
international pariah
influencing and meddling in elections so
I wanted to ask the panel and our guests
to perhaps name two important benefits
that Russia has gained always likely to
gain by influencing the
so the United States just out of
interest are you skeptical of claims
that Russia interfered in the u.s.
election I'm skeptical as to whether it
was the Russian state because I'm not
sure that there is sufficient proof that
it was the Russian stay that it was
Kremlin itself that was meddling in the
elections was it the Kremlin itself
those meddling we've seen recent
indictments of 12
GRU intelligence assets by the robert
muller investigation do you believe it
was the Kremlin itself that was
interfering I do but that said I don't
believe that it impacted the election to
have President Trump win I think that he
beat a candidate who was deeply fought
in Hillary Clinton he beat her in three
states by 80,000 but I know he did it
there wasn't exactly a big margin of
victory so anything any any little helps
any little health young wins lady here
in the second row I am putting Trump's
questionable policies aside do you
believe that someone who has been
accused of sexual assault multiple times
and has essentially admitted to it on
camera
deserves to lead the United States he
deserves leave the United States because
he was elected by the American people so
the American people have to decide that
and they did and he won do you think
someone like that serves as an
appropriate role model though to young
people well certainly had Bill Clinton
as Mark points out and he had sex in the
White House with Monica Lewinsky I don't
want to get into what about ISM however
that's exactly what you're doing it was
okay I was getting into what about is I
mean I'm mark shouting out Bill Clinton
Buckland that's true you didn't work for
Bill Clinton right how did you work for
a man that credibly accused of sexual
assault by dozens of women well I
personally didn't see that my
interactions with him were entirely
professional I thought he was very sharp
on his game and so I didn't see that and
so what I would tell you is that the
only important things you see well that
did you see Bill did you see Bill
Clinton having an affair in the way
you're happy to call not a moment
okay you didn't see let's go back to the
audience gentlemen here in the black
jacket how much of the negative media
coverage concerning Russia do you think
is down to Democrats personal hatred for
Donald Trump rather than legitimate
evidence well it's not just Democrats
there are a lot of Republicans too there
was a Republican senator who had one of
his aides come here to London to get the
dossier
from Christopher Steele the ex mi6 agent
his assistant his colleague brought it
back to Washington and that Senator
Senator McCain gave it to the FBI
director James Comey to me that's not
very ethical it's not just Democrats
okay but let me I just wanna bring in
more Paul to who's from Republicans
overseas who's here
JD wooden throughout the show has been
actually quite forthright on the kind of
Russian role the Kremlin rolled as he
put it I just wrote that same question
to you that the audience member asked
how much do you accept they know there's
a legitimate Bob Weller should be
investigating this there is a legitimate
investigation even if you don't agree
with some of the indictments or how much
is it all just a democratic left
conspiracy in your view well the thing
to consider here is that what's the
result of the election so the election
in my opinion in the middle of most
Americans is that they're Russian
influences whatever they were whatever
they did did not influence the outcome
of the election David very briefly let's
assume that the Russians were not
successful in their efforts and didn't
have any influence that has nothing to
do with the fact that unregistered
foreign agents of the Russians people on
the Russian payroll with the National
Security Adviser or the campaign manager
that we've had five guilty pleas that we
we recently had 13 GRU officers indicted
by the Muller campaign there's lots of
evidence that there was a conspiracy
going on gentlemen has been waiting for
a while in the white shirt yep mr.
Gordon on the campaign trail President
Trump was a determined isolationist and
he's now changed to be every inch a
belligerent and my question to you is
why has he betrayed his voters could it
be because with his election the
populist rise of left-wing politics has
taken hold in the US and he sees
left-wing governments in North Korea and
Venezuela as easy targets or is it
because he's engaging in the
Flint an exercise of bombing other
countries to distract from a sex scandal
well I disagree with your premise I
think it's a good question but I
disagree with your premise that he's
turning to a belligerent president he
had two limited strikes to get Syria in
retaliation for chemical weapons use
killing children women and children
innocent civilians and so evanka he
showed those pictures when he realized
he's up the civilian death toll in Syria
in Iraq in Pakistan in Yemen in all of
these places America milligram of higher
civilian casualties are higher on
Trump's watch even than Obama's and
Obama was a pretty belligerent president
well that's the Saudi coalition and
Yemen that's that's not as being you
which is being fueled and armed by the
US and the Iranians again or in Yemen
causing the whole problem okay but I'm
not speaking I'm speaking to a Donald
Trump supporter so I'm asking about
Donald Trump right Donald Trump is
trying to mitigate some of the things
being done by countries like Iran I mean
but he's being belligerent in doing so
okay let's go to the audience I'm gonna
take the lady there at the front yes my
question is do you think Donald Trump
will get reelected in 2020 great
question he very well may depends on
when he runs against we need Russian
help in 2020
you said you said you said the Kremlin
helped him you said it not me it really
okay one who runs against him because of
course is very well qualified and can
get the votes the winner do
qualifications matter I mean there's a
dollar drop proved the qualifications
don't matter how do you define
qualifications you can I mean if you can
be on home alone - and be president you
can be present in the glasses
briefly as an American based in
northeastern Nigeria we partner in a
daily basis with 190 million Nigerians
and I think very simply I just I have
trouble squaring the forest for the tree
how does calling their country Oh
increase our national security well
thank you for your service in Niger I
know it must be very difficult over
there I think he's a plain spoken guy he
says whatever he wants let the chips
fall where they may
and besides that was a comment that was
supposed to be amongst Senators got
leaked out who knows if it's exactly
what he said there's been a lot of
debate about that but here's the gap
here's a guy who says whatever he wants
and like I said I think the West should
get used to that more reality TV stars
will be elected because that's all it
takes is to win the majority of the
votes but not every reality electro-pop
not every eyes not every reality TV star
is a racist to be fair to reality TV
stars I wouldn't say he's a racist but I
wouldn't say that but I've not actually
told me why yep okay you see this mores
gonna lobbies for us we're getting used
to it that's the problem let me ask you
one last question you advised Donald
Trump during a critical period of his
campaign you didn't get a job in
government
you've got masses of debt I believe from
all the Russia stuff and Donald Trump
seems to have hung people like you out
to dry are you just another one of the
president's many many victims well
that's a good question too from what a
lot of people see in the press and what
they know of it I did get five-year
legal bills and this witch-hunt
fortunately my campaign colleague
Michael Caputo raised a third of a
million dollars on a legal fund that he
was able to pay my legal bills off
entirely hmm
thanks to him but you know President
Trump just basically moves forward and
if people quit or they get fired or
something happens to them that's just
the nature of the missing a problem it's
what happens it's kind of unfortunate
that a lot of people have been scooped
up in the witch hunt what I can tell you
is if you work for President Trump there
there's no shortage of people who want
to crucify you and come after your scalp
I think this is a great opportunity to
come to Oxford to speak with you because
a my role in the campaign you'll still
is loyal to Trump a fan of Trump as you
were in summer of 2016
well I would say that what's the
alternative Hillary Clinton she would
have been a lot of really good dos with
I'll be able to you know I think that
are you a fan of Trump what's the
alternative
I'm a fan of what mr. Trump is doing for
his policies you know I can't support
everything is or tweets but overall I'm
supportive of his policies and I defend
them all the time
JD Gordon we'll have to leave it there I
want to thank our audience here in the
Oxford Union I want to thank our panel
of experts and I want to thank JD Gordon
for joining us as our guest here in the
Oxford Union tonight thank you for
coming on head-to-head Thank You Betty
the show
you
