meshach Mufasa dropped out of school
when his parents died
he's 16 there were a few jobs in
Zimbabwe so he earns about $8 a day
selling Tomatoes there isn't why I came
here is to look for money so I can any
living I am actually waiting for someone
I get a little money in the end most to
my grandmother informal trade has only
appeared here on the streets of the
capital Harare
he's the economy collapsed under the
rule of former President Robert Mugabe
agricultural exports plummeted after his
government seized white owned farms
nearly 20 years ago mines and factories
closed as investors pulled out foreign
banks stopped lending the government
blamed economic sanctions now there's a
chronic shortage of cash in circulation
these people are queuing to withdraw
money they're allowed $20 each
flour made from imported wheat is hard
to get for this bakery because of the
lack of foreign currency to buy it the
aging ovens can't be replaced so they're
continuously repaired yeah just bring
that now get Forex and there may be
things to improve in bigger industry
we're getting a lot of things from South
Africa not only equipment southern in
which also need some marinas other raw
materials
and as the presidential election
campaigns draw to a close
ahead of Monday's poll voters want to
hear what solutions the politicians have
to offer the economy ruling Zanu PF
parties making the same kinds of
promises supporters it's exactly the
kind of message but for foreign
investment and international finance to
resume the election needs appearance
opposition of already complained of
serious irregularities but the
campaign's been largely peaceful
compared to the past we should continue
with the same spirit get a credible
election which is endorsed by everybody
Zimbabwe still enjoys it international
players should endorse it that would
then provide some bit of a comfort for
capital to companies in Babel even if
capital starts to flow back into the
banks and big business it'll be years
before Street traders like mashach feel
the difference but people here hope the
election will provide a chance for
things to turn around
Malcolm Webb al-jazeera Harare Zimbabwe
