the Kremlin says it has a plan to
repatriate refugees to Lebanon a
delegation headed by Alexander Lavrentiy
of President Vladimir Putin special
envoy on Syria presented its proposals
to government leaders in Beirut
few details were divulged at least
publicly but Russia is asking the
international community to play a role
we all understand that the Syrian
government is not capable of rendering
much of financial assistance because of
the institution and we appeal to the
international community of course to
contribute to this all countries
Lebanese leaders have said they welcome
Russia's efforts to ensure the return of
refugees so has Jordan both countries
host hundreds of thousands of refugees
and have complained about the burden on
them host nations and Russia promised
any return these will be voluntary but
refugees want the UN to oversee the
operation and provide international
security guarantees the United Nations
says it still does not have the details
of Russia's repatriation plan and while
it says it is ready to engage in
discussions the international
organization continues to insist Syria
is still not safe and that any plan must
be in line with international standards
the Baruch family just like many
refugees here say they can't return they
list many obstacles from fear to the
lack of jobs we have nothing to return
to our house has been looted and
destroyed no one is there to help us we
are afraid of the regime if we go back
my husband will be forcibly conscripted
in the Army who work to feed my kids for
many the war is not over Russia and
Syria see it differently even though
there is no negotiated settlement to the
conflict I think going back returning to
their country should be tied and linked
to rebuilding and building a sustainable
peace you need to address the root
causes of the conflict I think this is a
must it's not the first time Russia has
asked the international community to
help rebuild Syria but those countries
linked reconstruction money to a
political transition that involves the
UN it's not clear if that position has
changed with the changes underway in
Syria Zeneca dar al jazeera lebanon
