when the powerful can get away with
anything because they have the money and
the connections to rig the system then
people lose confidence in our laws and
confidence in their futures
a vote for Hillary is a vote to
surrender our government to public
corruption grab cronyism that threatens
the survival of our Constitution
you know the fact that they've broken
the law they're pretty clear about it
but how do you like prove it that how do
you like show people like it actually
matters in the two years since Donald
Trump was voted into the oval office
artist Robin Bell has focused on
illuminating the kinds of misdeeds it
can be hard to see my contract with the
American voter begins with a flame to
end government corruption
Trump a self-avowed billionaire railed
against corruption on the campaign trail
one of the things have tried to tell my
friends is that not to get cynical cuz
like that's his strength as president
Trump has mixed private business and
public duties in unprecedented ways
giving rise to allegations that he's
using the highest office in the land to
enrich himself in his family the logic
is basically like everything's correct
so if everything's corrupt you might as
well pick the most corrupt person all
right we are going to Washington DC and
we are going to drain the swab in this
episode of fault lines we check into one
of the swamps finest venues to examine
the charges that Trump is profiting from
the presidency and violating the
Constitution of the United States
our investigation begins just a few
blocks from the White House at the Trump
International Hotel in Washington it's
housed in the old post office has start
building owned by the US government
dear Sharif qudoos welcome to Trump DC I
wish you an enjoyable stay with us best
results back in 2012 the Trump
Organization won a competitive bid to
lease the old post office from the
government's General Services Agency
barely two weeks before the 2016
election it reopened as a hotel
expensive the Washington operation is
just one of the dozens of luxury hotels
condos resorts and golf courses that
bear the Trump brand from Las Vegas to
Vancouver Manila to Dubai before it
launched critics thought the hotel
project would be too expensive to prove
profitable but what most didn't
anticipate was that the owner would win
the White House we're in the Ivanka
suite at the Trump International Hotel
it's named for the president's daughter
it costs a thousand four hundred
sixty-five dollars to stay here and
that's on the less expensive side as the
luxury suites but like so many visitors
to the hotel whether politicians
tourists or journalists like us the only
reason we decided to come here is
because it's owned by the President of
the United States when he was elected
Trump owned more than 500 companies
mostly under the umbrella of the Trump
Organization and the president-elect of
the United States of America Donald
Trump in a controversial decision Trump
refused to divest from his companies
instead he put them into a trust these
papers are just some of the many
documents that I've signed turning over
complete and total control to my sons
I've spent 30 years of my life tracking
the man because I thought he was
culturally significant I did not expect
him to become politically significant
investigative journalist David Cay
Johnston has long reported on the ups
and downs of Trump
miss ventures you know what Donald Trump
said he was giving up rubbing the
businesses and putting it into a trust
I literally erupted and laughter Donald
Trump doesn't run any businesses Donald
Trump is not a competent businessman he
leaves it up to other people you fired
goodbye everybody goodbye and
furthermore the trust that Donald set up
his sons have said they tell Dad about
what's going on in the business to avoid
the possibility of conflicts of interest
previous US presidents put their
financial assets into a blind trust to
ensure they wouldn't know how their
wealth was handled those who owned
businesses sold them Jimmy Carter had to
sell his two-bit business after putting
it in a trust and nobody for a minute
thought that his little peanut warehouse
in rural Georgia was going to have any
influence on government policy can
Donald Trump actually take profits out
he can reach him and withdraw money at
any time whether or not he's done so we
don't know but this is not anything at
all like a blind trust this is like what
you expect to see in a family business
posing as a country right after Donald
Trump was sworn in at the capital his
motorcade went to the White House
he had the presidential limousine known
as the Beast stop he stopped right in
front of the Trump International Hotel
he was sending a very clear signal you
want to do business with my
administration he will pay tribute to me
and bingo that hotel suddenly was full
of business
Zach Everson is a freelance journalist
who's created a whole new beat out of
covering the Trump International Hotel
and the people who patronize it on your
Twitter feed you've kind of highlighted
a lot of what's happening on social
media with the hotel so what are some of
the kind of ones that stand out this was
a picture I found on Instagram of
Russia's ambassador to the United States
and he was posing with a founder of a
Russian nail art chain and she she
tagged him I mean it's got the Instagram
account are us EMB USA and the caption
said in English thank you to our Russian
ambassador Russian flag in the USA
American flag for warm welcome in
Washington DC Maine's Governor LePage
has been here Rudy Giuliani is here a
lot so this was a guy Instagram handle
classic Pete and you know guys night
with a couple of his friends at
America's mayor and then your hashtag
mega hashtags Saturday's are for the
boys Trump's financial disclosure forms
indicate that the hotel brought in more
than 40 million dollars in 2017
according to federal documents reported
by The Washington Post they'll tell me
to a remarkable profit in the first four
months of that year the hotel expected
to lose about two million dollars and
instead it made two million dollars so
that's a four million dollar swing it
has one of the highest room rates in DC
and reported but one of the lowest
occupancy rates and that to me says that
they have a set market of people who are
gonna come here and they don't need to
necessarily place their rooms
competitively so would you say Donald
Trump and his family are profiting from
the presidency it's true the hotel
clearly yeah and part of the reason
they're making good money is because
Trump is president I think that's why a
lot of people do come here since the
hotel opened the president has visited
at least 10 times and there are streams
of evidence that Trump family members
administration officials Republican
politicians and lobbyists all make
appearances
Federal Election Commission filings show
that Republican candidates committees
and powerful donor groups have spent
hundreds of thousands of dollars at
Trump DC foreign governments including
Malaysia Saudi Arabia and Romania have
also made a showing Kuwait has
celebrated its National Day at the hotel
two years running in June the
Philippines embassy hosted an
Independence Day celebration the
Ambassador explained his choice of venue
to Filipino news agency hotel that
happens to have his name is it's not
necessarily the end all and be all but
it is a it's a statement it's a
statement that we have a good
relationship with this president
whatever the intent events like this
have raised criticism that foreign
governments are patronizing the hotel to
curry favor with the president the
Independence Day party was held as the
Philippines lobbied for a free trade
agreement with the United States
Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte
had proposed the two countries explore
bilateral deal when he met with
President Trump at the end of 2017 so
was it reasonable for critics to see a
connection I wouldn't see it as a
cut-and-dried transactional thing after
years in Afghanistan as a reporter and
then as an adviser to the US military
certes writes about corruption and its
casualties around the world it's not
like in the envelope is the use of Trump
hotel and then you get in return a piece
of public policy that's how the US
bribery statute is now being construed
by the Supreme Court but that's not how
this stuff works this stuff works
because you do your network partner a
favor they are in your debt
they do you a favor and it goes back and
forth like this you don't have to spell
it out Trump's business history in
countries like the Philippines is hard
to separate from his current duties as
president an ad from 2012 shows how
Trump's name is emblazoned on a skyrise
in Manila manila represented a great
opportunity for a brand every Trump to
de Filippi
it's developer Hosea B Antonio is the
Philippines trade envoy to the United
States the Philippine and voyeurs double
headed private public the president of
United States is double had a private
public that means every interaction
between the two
you don't know where public service
stops and private interest begins
although the Trump Organization vowed
not to pursue new foreign ventures while
Trump is in office there's white overlap
between his business interests and the
international relationships he must
navigate as president a Chinese
government owned bank rents a 20th floor
of Trump Tower in New York City at a
Trump property adjacent to the UN Saudi
Arabia and India own apartments Qatar
bought a new unit there this year
Trump hosts foreign dignitaries at
mar-a-lago his private club where
membership rates doubled after his
election his companies have been granted
approval for trademarks in China even as
the president negotiated trade policy
with its leader the potential conflicts
of interest are many and they've raised
charges that Trump is violating the US
Constitution the charges are laid out in
several lawsuits one of which is now
focused on the Trump International Hotel
we decided to file a lawsuit because it
was a violation of this country's oldest
anti-corruption law and that is the
emoluments clauses both foreign and
domestic
we would like a federal court to order
the president the United States to cease
violating the emoluments clauses and
that would I think mean that the
president of nine states would be
ordered to divest in a clear and
transparent way from his businesses Karl
Racine is the Attorney General of the
District of Columbia a Democrat and with
his counterpart in the state of Maryland
he's suing the president and frankly we
saw it as our obligation particularly
given the fact that in the case of the
District of Columbia he's violating the
law five blocks down the street how do
you prove that the president's being
influenced by people patronizing his
hotel how do you prove corruption it's a
great question and that is why the
fathers made it a very clear rule and
that is that the President or a federal
office holder should not receive
anything of value from foreign countries
or even domestic states
if Trump divested from his businesses do
you think he would behave any
differently
well I it's very important that the law
doesn't require proof of actual
influence on the part of President Trump
it's enough that he's receiving these
perks from foreign governments and from
the domestic States what's at stake here
with the lawsuit the very essence of
democracy having an elected president in
United States whose obligation it is to
represent the interest of all Americans
in the country not to be sidetracked
diverted or have another powerful
interest the power of money the Justice
Department is defending the President
and has argued for the case to be
dismissed
they say the term emolument refers to
profits Trump men receive only in his
role as president not in private market
transactions but in July a US district
judge rejected this argument allowing
the case to move forward it was the
first time a federal court has
interpreted the emoluments clauses in
his opinion the judge cited the research
of constitutional law scholar John
McHale so we try to find every available
english-language dictionary definition
of emolument
that exists and during the timeframe
that we studied about a couple hundred
year period we found 40 according this
is the earliest one and it defines a
monument as simply profit or gain okay
this one is profit gotten by labor and
and cost so this is the kind of
definition that the president's lawyers
have seized upon and said look this is a
little bit different because it says
profit gotten by labor and cost maybe we
can read something into that as a kind
of a restriction
and the Kyle found that most definitions
of emolument from the air of the
Constitution was written support an
interpretation that includes the kinds
of profits the president is making it as
hotel I would add another thing about
the text of the foreign emoluments
clause it's unmistakable
how sweeping and comprehensive the
founders and the founding generation
understood this clause to be no person
holding any office of profit or Trust
shall accept any present emolument
officer title of any kind whatever from
any King prince or foreign state and so
one of the biggest problems for the
president is that the text of the
Constitution is on its face so sweeping
in its prohibition of the receipt of
foreign emoluments so if the term
embodiment is so key why is it so
obscure why is this the first time that
courts have taken it up we have never
had a president who so brazenly is
treating the Oval Office and the
presidency as an opportunity to make
money at least that's the appearance to
dispel concerns that the president could
be influenced by foreign money the Trump
Organization has written a check to the
US Treasury for the profits they say
they made from foreign governments in
2017 about a hundred fifty one thousand
dollars but President Trump has refused
to make his tax returns public and
without them it's impossible to know
whether he's profiting from his office
or not with a republican-controlled
Congress unwilling to force him to
disclose them the perception persists
it's shocking we have norms against
corruption but we also have norms
against appearance of corruption and the
idea is look we're gonna be over
inclusive here we don't even want to get
near the area where we think a
government official might be exploiting
his or her office for private gains so
appearance of corruption is a very
important
it's easy to see Trump is unprecedented
a break from the past but since the
1980s growing sums of money a flooded
politics shaping many American sense
that the entire system is corrupt Trump
capitalized on that feeling to get to
power as he reminded Republican
politicians last spring they had this
expression drained to swamp and I hated
it I thought it was so hokey I said that
is the hokies give me a break I'm
embarrassed to say it and I was in
Florida with 25,000 people going wild
and I said and we will drain the swamp
the place went crazy in Washington
someone running for office often takes
campaign contributions from say the
pharmaceutical Lobby or the gun lobby
which are funded by manufacturers of
those products they very often support
legislation to support those
corporations how is that not in the
heart of corruption why is the president
doing something different it's a fair
question and part of my answer would be
that may well be corruption to I
personally think that there's quite a
lot of corruption in our political
system right now at every level and so
it's an important issue to address the
difference however in as it bears on
these lawsuits is that that's not a
constitutional violation we will drain
the swamp and every time I said it I got
the biggest applause and after four or
five times I said boy what a great
expression I love Saiga cerveza I would
call him
yes unprecedented at least in living
memory but not an aberration in the
sense that he's just completely isolated
out there in the middle of nowhere
I would call him something closer to an
apotheosis of a trend that's been
developing and developing and developing
and he's just kind of brought it out of
the closet the Department of Justice has
asked the judge to freeze proceedings as
they appeal his decision to hear the
emoluments lawsuit in the end the case
may be decided by a higher court but the
Attorney General of DC is pressing
forward we want to know exactly where
the money
is coming from that's going into the
Trump Hotel we want to know for example
how many foreign governments have paid
for rooms dinners parking and other
items of sale at the hotel we also need
to establish of course that the
president states himself has received
those monies will he be also seeking the
president's tax returns ultimately I
think that that question is gonna be
answered by judge Trump's polarizing
presidency maybe helping his DC hotel
thrive but elsewhere it's taking a toll
his financial disclosure reports provide
clues a number of his properties saw the
revenue fall in 2017 at a hotel in Soho
his name has been removed from the
building management deals in Toronto and
Panama have also collapsed those are all
indicative of the fact that there are a
lot of people who don't like Donald
Trump so to the extent that he's able to
promote his businesses and make money
off them he's going to do that but it's
not gonna work as a strategy everywhere
if the Democrats prevail in November's
midterm elections and take back Congress
they'll be able to investigate whether
the president is profiting from his
office Trump has been holding rallies
across the country to support Republican
candidates and has come here to West
Virginia it's a state Trump won in 2016
and his supporters far number his
critics they don't care about his
conflicts of interest around all it
picked up because they feel not here
what about Trump himself he hasn't
divested from his business some people
accuse him of profiting from the
presidency what do you say to those
critics you know I mean it's he is a
businessman but he also understands much
of businesses need keep growing and
growing
no one we spoke to at this rally seemed
worried by the possibility that the
president's business givings may well
have put him on a collision course with
the Constitution I am so proud to
introduce myself as the daughter-in-law
of our president Donald J Trump despite
the haters in Hollywood
despite the obstructionist Democrats
despite the fake news media Donald Trump
is draining the swamp in Washington DC
ladies and gentlemen a lot of people
voted for a wrecking ball they voted for
someone who would blow up the system in
fact in the guise of voting for an
anti-corruption candidate what you got
was a pretty extreme candidate and that
happens all the time when people vote
you know when they go to extremes he has
developed a cult of people who really
believe that he is their savior he's not
he is their enemy he has no regard for
anyone else including his own family but
he has persuaded a whole lot of people
who feel powerless voiceless and who've
been damaged by the policies that began
with Ronald Reagan in 1981 indeed the
charges that the President of the United
States is profiting from his office
even if proven in a court of law seem
unlikely to go down as the most
scandalous legacy of Trump's presidency
a record number of job-killing
regulations and Republicans have passed
the biggest tax cuts and reform this was
really a massive socialist
redistribution program to take from the
many and give to the already rich the
estimates run that between 60 and 80% of
the individual income tax savings will
go to people in the top 1% that's
basically people who make over 600,000
dollars a year and most of that will go
to the one in a thousand American
families who make over 2 million dollars
by slashing tax rates for corporations
the Republican tax plan is forecast to
increase the national deficit by at
least one trillion dollars over the next
decade weakening access to health care
and the social safety net that Americans
rely on in times of crisis where the
smart ones remember I say it all the
time you hear the elite they're not
elite wearily you're smarter than they
are you have more money than they are
you have better jobs than they do you
the elite so let them have the word
elite you're the super elite that's what
it is I always hate I always hate when
they say well the elite decided not to
go to something I'm doing right there
later I said well I have a lot more
money than they do I have a much better
education than they are I'm smarter than
they
I have many much more beautiful homes
and they do I have a better apartment at
the top of Fifth Avenue why the hell are
they the elite tell me
the Justice Department declined to speak
with fault lines for this report the
White House and the Trump Organization
did not respond to interview requests
critics warned that by blurring the line
between public interest and personal
gain the trump presidency risks eroding
norms of democratic governance with
consequences that have yet to be told
there's a lot of discussion now you know
can it happen here can fascism arise
here can a demagoguery of one kind or
another arise here could we have a
return to overtly racist and
exclusionary policies that we thought
were long gone and can we return to an
earlier era where politicians were
overtly corrupt they didn't even seem to
think that it was an embarrassing thing
and that's a very very corrosive and
together we will make America wealthy
again that's happening that's happening
a lot faster than the fake news ever
said it could happen
I do one that says guilty all right let
me let me fix that real quick for you so
why did you choose to write that given
that Trump hasn't been convicted of
anything I think it's just a matter of
time
regarless um who's got all this power
who's never admitted really he's wrong
for that reason I think we're in a
pickle
you
