a per Novik in the remote northwest
there's a wedding on it's an occasion
for traditional inuit dress to herald a
happy future while keeping a cultural
connection with the past important in
these changing times down in the harbour
a fisherman is unloading his catch of
halibut it's been a good day
fishermen can earn huge sums here maybe
$8,000 a week in summer months
most of the catch goes to the National
fishing conglomerate which is expanding
its operation into remote communities
and one of the reasons why the fishermen
do so well is because winters are
getting shorter and the summer season is
expanding open water for quite a much
longer time and we can ship our goods to
Denmark to export them a little longer
than we usually but that expanding
season and less ice means a traditional
form of transport is not as necessary as
it once was
all along Greenland's coastal towns and
settlements there are sled dogs
everywhere they're part of Inuit culture
they're in the blood but this
relationship is under pressure here in
the tourist centre of Luna sac dogs have
always outnumbered the human population
which stands at around about four and a
half thousand but now it's the other way
around there are only sixteen hundred
dogs left and they're still declining
fisherman Carl Peterson used to sledge
out onto the ice in winter to fish ice
conditions are now so variable though is
not possible anymore
Shane reef it I used to keep dogs
outside my house but I stopped using
them five years ago I can't now use my
boat all year round there are those
bucking the trend saddened by the
gradual demise of a mode of transport
that gaze back thousands of years where
Matherson
is determined to keep the tradition
going
for our beer our culture on its for our
culture my family still has dogs because
we want our children to experience what
we and our ancestors experienced in the
winter we sledge to the ice fjords to
fish and hunt seals change is all around
in Greenland from how to deal with the D
Trias of a modern world and remote
settlements to more fundamental issues
of alcoholism and high suicide rates
there's an upside to of course better
education and standards of living and
better opportunities but who can say how
the latest generation will play out
their lives in the years to come
Nick Clark al Jazeera Greenland
