leaders from Brazil Russia India China
and South Africa say they are united in
fighting protectionism and promoting
global trade it's the first time
presidents from the BRICS trade bloc are
meeting since Donald Trump's
administration said it was ready to
impose tariffs on all Chinese imports a
move economists say could also hurt
smaller countries like South Africa we
are meeting here ladies and gentlemen at
a time when the multilateral trading
system is facing unprecedented
challenges we are concerned by the rise
in unilateral measures that are
incompatible with World Trade
Organization rules and we are worried
about the impact of these measures
especially as they impact developing
countries and economies the five
countries in the BRICS block represents
some of the world's biggest emerging
economies more than 40% of the global
population
community activists fear the Scrabble
for resources could undermine human
rights and good governance
there are many infrastructure projects
are coming which are causing a lot of
human rights violation so we have
farmers who are fighting against the
land grab there's a project called
industrial corridor that's coming which
will acquire 43% of the India's land and
so we are just concerned about the
amount of displacement that will happen
some economists say improving treaties
and increasing trade among British
countries could make the emerging
economies more competitive and perhaps
challenge the u.s. in what some insist
is an attempt to stoke tension and start
a global trade rule Jairo Matassa al
Jazeera Janice Berg
