just days to go until Zimbabwe is
presidential election opposition parties
say there are serious irregularities
with the electoral process including
problems with the ballot papers and I
don't think it's sensible for elections
to be described as legible they've
raised them in a series of meetings with
the Electoral Commission and all the
parties the Commission applied is
expertise in design insulation of the
toilet paper and is satisfied that there
are adequate security features again as
possible manipulation the
representatives of the ruling Zanu PF
the party of former President Robert
Mugabe walked out of this meeting saying
they've been insulted the opposition
representatives and there seem to be
implying that but they participated in
selecting those commissioners and Zek is
it does not engage than PF on his phone
we all meet here as political parties
and those accusations are completely
untrue with no agreement reached
opposition supporters came to hear what
their leader nelson cha mesa had to say
make sure that we the people stop the
cheating stop the deception and also
stop these 90 guns that we have seen
being instituted by said we are going to
turn in our numbers and defeat them in
fact we want to make sure that they will
not steal this election your position
enjoys overwhelming support in the urban
areas but it's no longer backed by
Western government as it was during
Mugabe's tenure they're short of money
and it's the ruling Zanu PF parties
paraphernalia is much more visible here
in the capital Harare like this banner
on the side of their party headquarters
and the party has decades of experience
of using violence and other tactics to
win past elections that were widely seen
to be on free and unfair
but some things have changed since
Mugabe was deposed in a coup last year
under the watch of his successor and
zanu-pf presidential candidate Emerson
Managua the campaigns haven't seen the
widespread violence of the past
he needs the polls to see incredible the
opposition already say they're not
Malcolm Webb al-jazeera Harare Zimbabwe
