Mike Pompeo held meetings throughout the
day speaking to the king the crown
prince as well as the foreign minister
he came away with saudi denials and the
pledge that a credible investigation is
already underway they made a commitment
to to hold anyone connected to any
wrongdoing that may be found accountable
for that whether they are a senior
officer or official they promised
accountability for each of those persons
whom they determined as a result of
their investigation has it deserves
accountability they made no exceptions
to who they would hold accountable they
were they were just fair they were very
clear they understand the importance of
this issue they are determined to get to
the bottom of it and that they will
conduct the report and we'll all get a
chance to see it they they each promised
that they would achieve that for US
president tramples has spoke to the
crown prince on the phone who he says
totally denied any knowledge of what
took place in an extraordinary statement
to Associated Press president Trump says
that allegations of Saudi complicity are
and I quote another case of guilty until
proven innocent this in reference to his
nomination as supreme court judge red
Cavanaugh who was accused of sexual
assault but together with the statements
by Mike Pompeo it would also appear to
be part of a concerted strategy by the
Trump administration to insist that
there is no complicity among Saudi
leaders but the shop via dodds with
views expressed by congressional leaders
Senator Rand Paul tweeted Saudi Arabia
is not our friend they fund radicalism
around the world we don't need to be
arming them they are the worst actor out
there promoting terrorism and strong
criticism from another Republican
senator of the crown prince referring to
him by his initials MBS this guy's gotta
go
sorry Arabia if you're listening there
are a lot of good people you can choose
but NBS has tainted your country and
tainted himself congressional anger
supported by a former director of the
CIA
I do hope that they're going to draw the
line of this and
not just the Saudis and Muhammad Salman
to account but also the Trump
administration and not let the Saudis
get away with what appears to be the
killing of a u.s. person a permanent
resident to the United States and a
journalist for The Washington Post they
cannot get away with this and I think
that this is basically the downfall of
Mohammed Salman and in the New York
Times a picture of a man allegedly
identified as a suspect right Turkish
authorities he's described in the report
as a frequent companion of the crown
prince in a blow to Mohammed bin Salman
sin systems of innocence three other
suspects are said to be part of his
security detail Mike Hanna al Jazeera
Washington
