they came to cast their ballots against
warlords Jocasta bono believes her foal
is her strength
I voted so our country can prosper I am
paralyzed but I came to vote because I
love Pakistan I do stop people from
exercising that power a suicide attack
happened outside a polling station the
bomber was stopped as he tried to enter
the busy area more than 30 people were
killed the attack in Balochistan is an
attempt to disrupt the political process
but people will not be affected by this
and for the most part they were not
millions came out to vote even for those
convicted of corruption and serving jail
time my vote is for now as Sharif come
what may
forget the criticism our heart is with
him rights activists said raise concerns
about people manipulation in these
elections and international monitors say
not enough observers were there due to
bureaucratic delays we have just 120
observers on the ground they all working
in teams of two they are in Islamabad in
same in Punjab in JP and not in because
of security reasons
as the votes were being counted
supporters of Imran Khan came out to
celebrate for them the result was
predetermined this is the first time
we've had the chance to defeat the two
parties who've been in control taking
turns at power in an early morning news
conference the Muslim League Nawaz said
the election was rigged they claimed
their party was targeted that voting was
deliberately slowed down and results
were manipulated it's not about sheets
it's not about government or opposition
it's about the future of this country
it's about the mandate of the people
it's about you know Pakistan well-being
our posterity it's a larger issue not
just the pml-n but all major political
parties apart from Imran Khan's PTI have
rejected the preliminary results on
Thursday they will decide what to do
next this was a landmark election when a
civilian government hands over power for
a second time but even before voting
began it was being called one of the
dirtiest elections in Pakistan's history
and with further allegations of
manipulation and a controversial vote
count those allegations may mean
strengthened even further Osama bin
Javed Al Jazeera Lahore
