it's over 40 degrees Celsius as the Sun
beats down on the us-mexican border atop
a concrete bridge connecting the two
countries a few dozen families huddle
under what little shade they can find
some have been here for three days the
heat is unbearable
but we've already suffered to get here
this man and his five-year-old son are
from Honduras they traveled 20 days to
make it this far
mere steps from the US now they're
waiting to claim political asylum they
tried to make us leave to intimidate us
but we aren't moving once a person steps
foot across the middle of this bridge
past these orange cones they will
technically be standing in the United
States and there they are guaranteed by
law the right to make an asylum claim
but now for the first time since the
nearly forty years that this law was
written many people are being denied
that chance u.s. Border Patrol agents
are here making sure they do not pass we
beg them to let us pass because the heat
is suffocating the children why are you
guys not allowing these asylum seekers
to pass a customs and border protection
spokesperson says individuals without
documents sometimes must wait to be
processed due to strained resources
meanwhile the Trump administration has
made clear it wants to keep out with the
president calls an influx of illegal
aliens 8 month pregnant Maria del
futurus says she and her son were
forcibly removed from the bridge she
says u.s. Border Patrol which cannot
cross into Mexico had asked Mexican
police to arrest her they said to me you
think the US president is offering
political asylum that doesn't exist
anymore she had hoped to give birth in
the United States away from the dangers
of her native Honduras now without a
plan she's returned to a shelter on the
Mexican bank of the Rio Grande River so
close to the US yet so far
Heidi Joe Castro al Jazeera Reynosa
Mexico
