a stunning discovery is what they're
calling it one that could help
scientists know for sure whether life
ever formed on Mars or even exists a day
the study led by Italian researchers
says they found what could be an
underground lake it's a large body of
liquid water 20 kilometers wide and 1.5
kilometers below the surface and it was
found using radar instruments onboard
the European Space Agency's orbiter Mars
Express scientists looked at radar
readings from the planet's southern ice
cap which provided ideal conditions ice
is a very transparent medium especially
if he's cold and pure to the
electromagnetic waves so it's a it's a
good technique to apply to the Martian
polar caps of course this thus caps can
have some impurities but definitely the
ice is colder than the ice on here Mars
might be cold and dry now but we already
know
thanks to Rovers on its surface and
other probes examining it from orbit
that it was once a warm place with
plenty of liquid water and lakes the new
study doesn't tell us how deep the
reservoir is so researchers can't say
whether what they found resembles an
underground pool or is simply a layer of
sludge but they do believe it's
potentially a huge breakthrough liquid
water cannot exist on the surface of
Mars it's simply not possible because of
the yeah miss ferric pressure on Mars
it's still incredibly thin so for water
to remain liquid it has to be buried
deep underneath the surface and it also
has to be very very salty and that is
also of huge importance because a salt
water lake is potentially exactly the
sort of place you would go to look for
life form the search for life on Mars
has been going on for decades scientists
now have to find out whether this
discovery can help them in that quest
Nadine Barbour al-jazeera
