ISIL claimed responsibility for this
suicide bomb attack outside a polling
station in Quetta dozens were killed
another suicide bombing in the same
province earlier this month at a
campaign event killed 149 people
including a candidate Pakistan has
deployed 800,000 security personnel
across the country Bello al Bhutto
Zardari one of three main candidates for
prime minister said voters would not be
deterred cideries mother former Prime
Minister Benazir Bhutto was assassinated
in 2007 the attack in Baluchistan is an
attempt to disrupt the political process
but people will not be affected by this
they will come out and vote in full
force
the dori could help form a coalition
government if no party wins a decisive
victory opposition leader Imran Khan has
campaigned on an anti-corruption
platform and is popular with young
voters this is the first time we've had
the chance to defeat the two parties who
have been in control here and those who
have been taking turns at power in this
country for the past 30 years
the other main candidate is Shahbaz
Sharif the brother of former Prime
Minister Nawaz Sharif who's in jail
charged with corruption I appeal to the
nation to come out to polling stations
cast the votes and change the destiny of
Pakistan and make a great prosperous and
progressive country make it great in its
real meaning election observers from the
European Union are monitoring polling
stations there have been widespread
allegations of rigging and concerns that
the military is engineering the outcomes
analysts say no matter who becomes the
next prime minister
they can't remain in office without the
military's backing Natasha dname Jazeera
