a rare attack in the government-held
town of swayed o syrian state television
says a suicide bomber blew himself up in
the market and two more attackers were
killed before they could detonate their
explosives according to the reports we
heard the sounds in the early morning
people started screaming there's an
explosion stay away ISIL has claimed
responsibility for the attack it says it
targeted government soldiers the group
has lost huge sways of territory over
the last few years one of the last
pockets of territory that ISIL controls
is here behind us in the southern Golan
Heights now the bombardment has also
been very close to the fence with the
israeli-occupied Golan Heights has been
intensive campaign underway by the
Syrian government and its Russian Ally
to take it back the Israeli army is
keeping a close eye on what is happening
Russian jets roar through the sky before
unloading their explosives we've seen
Syrian jets - one of which was downed on
Tuesday by two Israeli Patriot missiles
we heard the warning sirens go off we
immediately saw this field on fire and
we move closer to find out what we could
see we weren't the only ones these
Israeli soldiers arrived soon after to
inspect the ground another Field on fire
and this one right opposite the
offensive against ISIL and in the area
where the jet went down on Wednesday
both Syrian and Russian jets were back
in the sky sources tell us that the
Syrian government is sending
reinforcements to this area a1 SiC
succeeds here it will be back in control
of all of Southwest Syria Stephanie
Decker al Jazeera in the
israeli-occupied Golan Heights
