when US President Donald Trump went to
Helsinki and said this about Russian
interference in the 2016 elections my
people came to me dan coates came to me
and some others they said they think
it's Russia I have president putin he
just said it's not russia republicans
and democrats were outraged I never
thought I'd see an American president
throw the intelligence community under
the bus like that absolutely disgraceful
a disservice to America he blamed
everyone except Russia Secretary of
State Mike Pompeo goes before senators
on Wednesday to try to explain what
happened some experts say Pompeo might
have a hard time doing so they don't
know what Trump talked about with Putin
in that meeting it was it was just the
two of them and translators and things
are emerging every day that are clearly
coming as a surprise even to some of
trumps closest advisors in fact it's
been Moscow that has revealed what Trump
and Putin discussed behind closed doors
the Syrian civil war North Korea's
nuclear weapons program joint
counterterrorism operations in the
Middle East the crisis in eastern
Ukraine and Crimea arms control treaties
and the charges Russia is undermining
the u.s. political process but some
analysts say despite their anger
Republicans won't put as much pressure
on Pompeo as one might expect many of
them are up for election in the midterm
elections it's more important for them
to stay in power than to act on
principle no matter what happens in the
hearing there's a growing consensus on
Capitol Hill that Trump is permanently
changing the u.s. as global Authority
changes that could take years to repair
rosiland Jordan al Jazeera Washington
