I have for me okay and your industry and
I'm Willie could be loud today France
football and race in the wake of a World
Cup win some are asking what does it
mean to be French and we are diving into
topic pitch by a member of our community
and a Macky have a listen during the
World Cup a lot of people joked that
they would support the black and African
team and by the time the final rolled
around that black African team somehow
morphed in French team and I saw an
online conversation tweets going viral
this conversation around Citizenship and
race and religion in France and I wanted
to hear from actual French people
especially minorities black and Muslim
and others about what it feels like what
it means to be French and and to observe
this global conversation about the
impact of the team on contemporary
French citizenship South African
comedian Trevor Noah added fuel to the
debate on nationality with a joke about
France's World Cup win referring to the
large number of players of African
descent so what happened was let's start
at the beginning
France won the World Cup and so and so
on the show I we celebrated that and I
have this joke where I said I said
Africa won the World Cup while his joke
has drawn fierce criticism Noah
continues to stand by his remarks
meanwhile the conversation on what it
means to be French rolls on and here to
discuss that from France ruqaiya Diallo
she's a writer journalist and TV host of
B et France in Paris Pierre Husky he's a
veteran journalist and commentator Majid
Misawa Dean he's the deputy city
councilor for the Paris suburbs and
Santini
and in New York Luis Sarkozy he's a
French philosophy and religion student
at New York University he's also the son
of the former french President Nicolas
Sarkozy hello everybody it's good to
have you
here and for those of you watching live
on YouTube you can leave your comments
in the chat box and we will try and get
them into this show so French guests yes
it's lovely to have you
I for disclosure here I am of African
descent I know that may have been a
surprise to some of you I didn't realise
as I was following the means and the
jokes about the French team that within
France there was some friction some
tension about these jokes let me share
with you that moment when I realized and
this is from one of our producers senior
producer of Al Jazeera he's based in
France and he says via Twitter it is
time to stop this France are an African
team and nonsense if you don't
understand why that's hurtful
then best to just zip it let France
enjoy this moment the idea of it being a
heartful Pierre can you explain why some
people would find what seemed to be a
little bit of teasing a little bit of a
joke why that would be so painful for
French people you know when Trevor Noah
or other people make the same joke as
mahine lepen the leader of the far-right
in France about the French team being an
African team there's a problem and that
problem is that it implies that you
cannot be French and black or French and
Arab and that that's the core of the
issue obviously there are a lot to say
and we will come to that later
probably about discrimination about the
lack of equality of chances within the
French society for minorities but the
basic thing is that this team is seen by
a very very large majority of French as
the French national team and and joking
as Trevor Noah said Oh Africa won the
World Cup is a way of denying those
players their Frenchness although they
are born in France they have played with
the national team they are they have
full citizenship and that's where that's
where the problem lies
iiiiii yeah I don't really agree with
the end of
what PRC said I I was fully agreed with
Trevor Noah when he said that in a way
Africa won the World Cup because we all
know that players to play in the French
national team have to be French but we
also know that they have 4a in
attendance and we know that many of the
French players their parents come from
Africa or from other countries and I
think that we should really think about
what is being French today and I think
that we can be French from African
descendants and be fully fully
integrated in the French national team
so that's what Trevor said I agree with
what you say he said I'm going to sit in
that conversation because everyone seems
to understand that when you're African
your kind of difference at the same time
I understand why it is a problematic to
refer to French players as African in
the French contact context especially
because you have many people from the
far right who denied the fact that they
are French by saying that they are from
abroad that they don't belong and that
there are applicants so in the trench
context coming from people from the far
right it means denying the fact that
they are French but as myself being a
woman from African descent I'm French
but my family comes from Africa I can
understand why people from African
descent all around the world and I think
it's important to say that tribunal is
South Africa how they can relate to that
success and had no have had that you
have the will to to share that moment of
joy it wasn't it's not because you're
African that you cannot be French at the
same time so I understand that I would
be angry if someone from the you know
far-right political landscape would say
that least those players are African
because in the French context it means
something different but from someone
we who is from African descent trying to
share a you know heritage you know a
common common trait common belonging to
the common origins with the African
continent it makes something because we
don't have so many opportunities to see
people for African descent design being
celebrated as national heroes so I
understand you know what if what do you
want what do you did want to say hmm
so okay action I want to take your point
and push it a step further
you mentioned context and I think that's
what's so important here so this is a
tweet we got from Jean Paul on he says
these identitarian
at the right of the far right meaning
the ultra-right were the first to say
that the French team should better be
called the team of Africa and so of
course that is what a lot of people have
a problem with but on the flip side of
that this person on Twitter and I'll
give this to you Luis cut to Connie says
bringing it back to national identity to
say the French national team which they
rightly are are not African smacks of
supremacy it implies that they must
choose one or the other which besides
being racists in this person's view is
factually incorrect can you talk to us
about that that the having to choose
aspect
well of course well I think it's a very
personal choice to make to begin with I
mean and it is choice that these players
need to make themselves I don't think
anybody can make it for them the problem
I had is that other people were trying
to assert that nationality onto the
friars excuse me yeah newest go on go
ahead we're gonna take over caius
microphone down a little bit you just
heard her chatting to a blank room team
sorry about that
carry on no worries no worries so my
problem is that and most of the articles
I've read at least were of the people
saying that it was really an African
team we're easing criterias to denied
and Frenchness that could very well
apply to me so as I heard my my
colleague Sam I forget what his name was
she said well they have African ancestry
while my ancestry is from Hungary and I
don't have a French name either Sarkozy
is hardly a French name so if they are
not French then one my French and it's
to me at least the sole difference I see
is skin pigmentation and this is where I
see that the problem and perhaps the
discriminatory underpinnings of this
whole theory is that every criteria that
is being used to deny their freshness
quote-unquote
could very well be applied to me or
anybody
u.s. ancestry from outside the country
and actually to the to the four of us of
course but just the fact that we're
having this conversation means that some
people don't adhere to them fully for
example Luka Samantha's whose parents
are from Spain know but nobody seems to
be denying his Frenchness despite having
a Spanish name you're right and nobody
would say so Europe is on Europe
well people for you are not facing the
same racism as people from African or
from not Africa ascendance of course the
only players we are questioning the
differences are black or Arabs we never
questioned the fact that for example
otto and his man said few more ago that
he felt me for Spanish than French if I
say jaruegui
example myself you know I think that the
way people the way people express their
French net is very let me find the world
that treated differently if they come
from Europe or from Africa it's obvious
for me I think there's a problem there
of confusion between identity on one
side what makes you French and on the
other side the fact that there is racism
there is discrimination there's a lack
of equality in the country I think these
are two different issues and and the
same standard should be used to define
Frenchness whether you come from Hungary
Spain or like me I'm a Jew from Tunisia
I was born there my family was in
Tunisia before the French arrived in
Tunisia
I'm totally French by accident and I
feel 100% French so that's the whole
issue then there is the question of
discrimination and to find the fact that
this society is yes one question for you
yes do people get you back to your
origins like several times do people
question your French net no because we
may there's a difference between visible
minorities and and non visible
minorities here I want to jump in here
because I hear the point you were making
machines and PR I hear the point you're
making
PR you mentioned earlier that there are
two different issues here
you know the racism that minority groups
often face and this issue of being
called something other than French our
community though is linking those two
things so this is a common we got live
on YouTube this person says racism is
alive in France make no mistake people
are being denied jobs and rents because
of their ethnicity and minorities are
profiled by police - so that's one
aspect of this we also got a video
comment from someone who says this is
what it takes to be considered French
this is jean francois peron and he's
actually in Kazakhstan but this is what
he has to say
have a listen so historically in France
the dominant conception of politicians
has always been Civic conceptions
meaning that the attachment to the
French nation is solely based on
people's willingness and desire to
voluntarily join the French family so
being part of the national team in
France is similar to being part of the
Armed Forces notwithstanding your
origins or religion people will accept
you as part of the community because of
your willingness to sacrifice everything
for transit okay I know you were trying
to get in there he says it's all about
the willingness to sacrifice everything
that is a high bar but what do you make
of this comment I think that it shows
the kind of assimilation assimilationist
philosophy in France what I find
interesting is that nobody seems to
understand that you can be both African
and French there is one of the player
Adele honey who says he's influenced my
work on Moroccan and French and the same
time so there is a way to deal with both
you know both identity if you are from
African descent and if you are French
and I think that the debate that we're
having here why Pierre is
cuase from NY imagine or someone like me
is constantly asked you know where
you're from how come you speak such a
good French as if we're not if you were
not really French it has to do with
whiteness it's like we tend to see to
think that being French is being white
and what I find very interesting in that
story is that you have millions of
French citizens who are on a daily basis
denied their citizenship and I have the
feeling that it takes to win the World
Cup to be finally recognized as a French
you know you have so many people who are
targeted by discrimination by police
brutality and nobody cares no one of the
number of the people who you know stand
to say that the team is French we never
hear those boys to defend the
citizenship of those facing these
discriminations this is if I may for
example but if I made the way to fight
this war fake discrimination that needs
to be fought wherever it is found is to
say that even the black and the Muslim
players on the French team or as French
as anybody else it's not by riding I'm a
you know I'm the oldest of four and when
I was young hey thank you the keyword
was a signal assimilation to be
considered French you had to give up
your origin your identity and and that's
what happened to my generation and I
think the country has moved a long way
in that direction in the sense that
today as rakia said or as badge it's a
you can be French and African you can be
French and Arab it doesn't mean that
discrimination has gone away and it's
far from done but I think we more we are
in a society today you know when
president McCoy welcome the team at the
Elysee Palace he had hundreds of kids
from the clubs that raised the players
and so may mostly from poorer sections
of the population and he told them one
thing he said to the players he
said don't forget where you come from
and I think it didn't mean necessarily
Africa whatever he meant your identity
your background and I think the French
society is moving probably too slow in
the direction where you can keep retain
your identity what's the core of your
origin and family identity and be
considered French we're still a long way
and I agree 100% with you there's a lot
of work to do but it's a very different
country than the one I grew up in 40
years ago imagine it can I show you this
can I show this to you if I may lean
forward and look at your Skype I'm just
gonna show you this this is from sport
and this is the breakdown that the
African roots are the roots of libera
the French football team yeah and then
this is Benjamin yeah and this is what
he did he changed it you keep scrolling
kids Monica to the French flag and then
he has a little wink fixed it is this
the pressure is that pressure to say
okay I'm not anything else I'm just
going to be French no IIIi don't think
that the the the response element he
made was to say that he was only French
but I think he wanted to say I'm also
French I'm French I'm playing in the
French national team and I'm also proud
of my origins and I think that the
problem in thought is that more and more
people are questioning your identities
many people ask me where I am from ask
me if I believe in God or not if I'm
Muslim or not so it's very difficult in
front of also 40 years after what Pierre
said many people want a singular a
unique friendship they want us to cut -
to cut with our roots they want us to
forget where we come from and I have a
message for them we won't we won't
forget where we are from we are proud of
our origins we are proud of our parents
we know where they came from different
countries mine came from Algeria many
years ago and I have two passports and I
thought of the two passports and I feel
French and Algerian but you know I don't
there anymore people that are getting me
back to my origins letting me missing
the thing that I'm not as strange as
they are but I'm born in front and I
should have the same rights as any other
French native citizen but the real the
reality is that a person like me which
is non-white has 20 times more
probability to be checked by the police
in the street that's white one white
person and that's also the right the
reality we are facing despite the fact
that Sprott won the World Cup
so there's if someone here who would
agree with you there mazeed this is
Sabrina she says it's a French African
person I think that's a struggle I go
through everyday and France I'm always
reminded that I'm Algerian and Algeria
I'm always reminded that I'm French and
if I feel like identity is complex but
people force us to choose one identity
so I want to pick up on that theme of
being forced to choose because we got
this suite here Pierre from someone who
says diversity is a beautiful thing it's
a plus not a minus the fringe policy of
assimilation robs a people of their
racial roots and so in itself is racist
Pierre your take on that we yeah we're
not discovering that we live in a time
of identity politics and identity
politics is poison it's it's leading to
confrontation to conflict so many people
are playing with that it's it's a the
the fire of the moment whether it's in
Europe whether it's in Burma with the
rowing girls or whether it's in the US
with the Tramp administration so we
should not play as if we were
discovering that and and so they should
be a common front here of defending this
right to have complex identities to have
dual three
people quadruple identities I don't care
and that's where the joke of Trevor Noah
was badly mistaken you go ahead I and I
also want I need to quote the French
Embassy in the US because he's
contradicting you Pierre Louis you mean
you go first you go first
sure I just wanted to respond to my
Jeanne and of course we all know these
numbers and these are horrific numbers
where minorities are more likely to be
profile etc but the way to fight against
that imagine if you are being in the
street and somebody told you well no you
cannot be friends look at you look at
the color of your skin look at your
religion I mean this is exactly what's
happening with these people saying that
they're not really French or not a fully
friendly of African heritage and and
I'll be willing to be industry with you
and fight and say no he's French no
matter what his color is a number of
what is religion is but I feel like
people were targeting we're targeting it
from different sides so ruqaiya yeah
yeah so here's this is the French
Embassy the US French Embassy not that I
want to keep going back to a comedian
stroke or anybody's joke but it's a
larger point here Pierre says you can be
from multiple places and still be French
the French Embassy in the u.s. says to
us there is no hyphenated identity roots
are an individual reality by calling
them an African team it seems you are
denying their Frenchness rakaia go ahead
yes I was kind of shocked by that
statement from the Ambassador because to
make an offense as who are French from
you know different backgrounds because I
think that there are highlighted
identities in French as we said in terms
as we said earlier one of the failures
abuhami said that his friend and my work
on which me that there is something you
know in addition of his french name and
not recognizing that in venice thanks to
all the people from friends who are
groups abroad and what i can add is that
as madrid and what was very important in
the debate is that whether the three
French African sent an African only
French it's up to them I think that you
need to listen to them and the way that
they define themselves what form
Almighty
if you improve an identity from one that
doesn't label someone against his or her
own wheel and that's what we kind of
experienced at my receive in response to
question that we not not only attached
us to another country but also denied
the fact that virtually furniture ready
you will or white you know fellow
citizens hmm McPherson would agree with
you on Twitter they write that yes you
can be French and African at the same
time but that doesn't cover how white
French people will treat you it's the
fact that immigrants are marginalized
and face layers of obstacles in society
and ironically football it's one of the
paths for many to come out of poverty
and then they go and win the World Cup
machine can I comment on that sorry
Pierre go ahead if I could just yeah
okay sorry just a short remark it's true
that football all over the world has
been the past for the underdogs of the
society to come up you know whether it's
socially or ethnically or whatever but
they should be another point raised here
one of the most popular politicians in
France today is a black woman his chanto
bhai is a former justice minister and
there are many people on the Left who
are dreaming of having her as the next
president I think you know this society
is a bit more complex than just call I
hear ya kya and Lewis majid we actually
have 30 seconds left and we have days of
conversation left in us I know Majid
what did you very briefly want to say
say it in a sentence make your point so
I I just wanted to say that the French
national team is real
now truth of what the suburbs of Paris
and all of tragedies are and they are
saying something about the French
identity and I'm very proud of the the
image of this team and are very proud of
their different food sure alright so
guess it's it's been really great having
you here giving us insight into this
idea of the French identity
did buy a World Cup win congratulations
to you all I'm gonna leave you with the
move that Paul Pogba was in on Friday I
thought that might be an appropriate way
to end this conversation have a check on
my laptop here we go thanks for watching
everybody see you next time
