in Iraq southern city of Basra food rots
and freezes because there's no
electricity business owners here are
frustrated they're losing money the lack
of electricity is driving ongoing
protests himself q8 - providing
electricity generators and fuel to help
alleviate the crisis and the Iraqi
government says that will provide
electricity for 17 hours a day but
that's not enough for these people we
need our rights it should be 24 hours of
electricity other countries have it
why don't we Iraq is the second largest
producer in OPEC it has to import
refined products in order to keep the
country running and they include fuels
such as diesel and kerosene energy
experts say this crisis could have been
averted with long-term planning lemme at
him no future plan nor vision was put in
place by ministries of planning oil and
electricity Iraq needs 23,000 megawatts
of electricity while the current
production is between 13,000 to 14,000
megawatts this means that half of power
production is missing power plants were
built to consume energy sources that are
not available in Iraq such as diesel or
gas add to that corruption mismanagement
no future plans the Ministry of
electricity says Iraq's recent war with
ISIL has damaged its capacity to produce
electricity in 2014 as part of our plans
we have established in baiji city a
power plant with a capacity of a
thousand megawatts but this was
destroyed by ISIL we were also able to
provide a decent supply of diesel from
baiji refinery which was operating at
50% capacity before ISIL destroyed it
the ministry insists there is a
long-term plan to improve the grid and
provide a steady power supply here in
the capital and elsewhere across Iraq
power plants are in desperate need of an
upgrade now there's no details available
for any kind of long-term plan and it
does seem their arc is thinking short
term and striking deals with its
neighbors meanwhile the protests
continue and with summer temperatures
set to saw the Iraqi government we'll be
hoping that it can provide enough energy
to keep the demonstrations from
escalating
Imran Khan al Jazeera Baghdad
