panic as Greeks look for their neighbors
with flames closing in a series of
wildfires around Athens broke out on
Monday the first in a forest near caneta
a coastal town an hour's drive west of
the capital
fire crews tried to limit the
destruction while evacuating residents
but it was out of their control
the fire spread by Monday night there
were three wildfires the wurstner
east of Athens and the seaside towns of
mati and Rafina several people had been
killed until fire crews started to
search & Marting camouflaged by darkness
charred cars and people who had tried to
escape the fires here
the death toll doubled survivors in mati
describe running to the coast with
flames chasing them into the water more
than 700 people were saved by the sea 11
military and Coast Guard vessels along
with dozens of private boats came to
their rescue what can I say it's over we
are alive and that is what's important
the fire was lightning fast we didn't
realize what had happened you couldn't
it was the first time I've seen
something like this but we made it
we were like a bee colony in the sea
everybody's standing next to each other
Greek Prime Minister Alexis tsipras cut
short a trip to Bosnia arriving late on
Monday to the firefighters headquarters
in Athens it's a difficult moment for
the region it's a difficult night for
Greece at the moment more than 600 men
and women from the fire brigade and 300
vehicles have been mobilized in three
large fronts his meeting with agency
heads is not enough and he knows it
Greece needs international help due to
the large expanse the intensity and the
dangers the fires pose the country has
submitted a request through the European
civil protection mechanism for
international ground and air assistance
for Greece and painter a season the
fires are destructive to its fragile
economy roads and a major highway are
closed this is the e94 motorway leading
into Athens with drivers risking their
lives to get past the encroaching fires
100 kilometer an hour winds fanned the
flames and disperse the smoke it
blanketed the capital causing flight
delays
wildfires are common in Greece the worst
was in 2007 more than 80 people were
killed when the fires burned for days
across the country this year a dry
winter has created tinderbox conditions
now Greeks must try to minimize the
damage
Charlotte Bellis al-jazeera
