two weeks after their dramatic rescue
came to an end
eleven boys and their football coach
began a spiritual journey a ceremony was
held at a Buddhist temple and my sigh
near the cave where they were trapped
for the boys becoming novices in the
monkhood is a way of saying thanks for
their rescue and honoring the memory of
former Navy SEAL divers a mango nun who
died during the operation they'll spend
nine days living in the temple where
they'll be joined by their coach will be
ordained as a monk for the second time
so the deities I was so happy to see
them alive and I thought it would be
good to attend the ceremony to show them
our support I was pleased to hear that
the code had led the boys through
meditation inside the cave I'm also
practicing meditation so I wanted to
show my support to him the operation to
rescue the 13 people from the cave
became an international effort in
Canberra nine Australians were awarded
bravery medals he saved those young men
and as you did so inspired not just your
own nation our nation but holding its
breath and praying for your success you
inspired the whole world on behalf of
all Australians
we thank you and we salute you receiving
special mention were anesthetist Richard
Harris and his dive buddy Craig Challen
Harris oversaw the medical condition of
the boys and their coach throughout the
rescue and was the last person out of
the cave he and Challen were awarded the
star of courage Australia's second
highest civilian brave Rianna Shahrazad
Gafoor al-jazeera
