from the rooftops to the seats arranged
below political workers gathered in
their hundreds charged by the anthems of
change they believed the 2018 election
will turn the tables on the traditional
winners it will be a one-sided contest
from the rural belt we will sweep the
Pakistan Muslim League Nawaz party and
we will also win from urban areas this
is the last time they can express this
confidence before the July 25th election
campaign activities have been suspended
by the Election Commission 24 hours
before polls open it's the last day of
campaigning and crowds have been
gathering at various rallies being held
by the Pakistan tehreek-e-insaf this is
the party being led by cricketer turned
politician Imran Khan who according to
polls has been leading in the race
towards the Pakistani Parliament who
knows the importance of Punjab the
heartland of Pakistani politics the
province holds 148 out of the 272
geographical constituencies which make
up the National Assembly God rarely
gives the nation this chance to change
their faith these corrupt politicians
have been ruling the Punjab since 1985
even their children are billionaires
but it's not going to be an easy fight
for him Ron hunt the crowd of now jailed
former prime minister Nawaz Sharif is
also fired up we are for Nawaz Sharif
because he's done a tremendous job in
making projects like the Metro bars
roads in the orange line train that's
why I will always support him
the Nawaz League is now led by his
brother Shahbaz Sharif who has been
criticized by his opponents for not
being a crowd puller Chavez insists that
his sport is among the masses who've
benefited from his development projects
and people in his party's constituency
seem convinced waters of the Muslim
League Nawaz say their leadership and
party has been targeted and fairly by
the judiciary and the military
establishment people will vote for the
lion because they have performed in the
past five years whether it's the China
corridor or a network of roads buses and
trains education and health are sectors
where they did a great job instead of a
single large rally all major parties
finished their campaigns with smaller
political gatherings marred by some
incidents of violence campaigning is
ended now votes will decide which
political party succeeded in getting
their message across for some of a
debate al Jazeera Lahore
