the Dutch love to grow tomatoes the
Netherlands is the world's biggest
exporters of the fruit in the summer
that the UK gets nearly half of all its
tomatoes from here or at least it has
done the assumption is that a No Deal
grexit will mean a no tomato Britain
well you're talking on about empty
shelves on the UK side the price effect
the job loss probably but at the same
time is for us you see we have a lot of
product that is not going to the UK
market so it has to find other other new
markets the British rely just as much on
Rotterdam Europe's biggest port to
service the demands of consumers it is a
model of efficiency freedom of movements
of goods services money people it's the
most treasured achievement of the
European Union in its purest form brexit
says no to all of those things but
because the British government still
can't decide what sort of rex's it wants
the Dutch have had no choice but to get
into worst-case scenario planning no
trade deal with the European Union would
mean fruits vegetables and meats having
to be checked at this new border to
ensure it all meets hygiene standards
it means the Dutch employing nearly a
thousand more customs officers
it means queues backlogs turning away
from the UK and seeking new markets and
it isn't only about Dutch tomatoes it's
about goods produced across the EU that
British people want to buy so all the
production from Germany twenty-five
percent of current rate is coming from
or is gone to Germany they have to
prepare as well and that is where the
real challenges are dying preparing as
well as Rotterdam is for the poor for
the brexit because if they are not
prepared then it still stops here across
Western European capitals the same
conversations are being had how to get a
deal done when the British government is
riven by the sentencing views and still
we don't know where we're lending our
lending with accounting practices our
relenting within it customs union
without a custom viewer noon do we have
two or three years of transition period
or not it's still up in the air and the
basic mistake was made
before the notification of the article
50 letter so you still see that British
politicians are negotiating among
themselves what the brexit should look
like and that question should have been
settled by now the British government
has warned that BRICS it could lead to
food shortages though such talk is
dismissed by puris brexit errs as
scaremongering gradually though the EU
is coming to the view that the UK may
have to put up with the consequences of
its lack of direction Lawrence Lee al
jazeera Rotterdam
