Qatar's legal battle with the United
Arab Emirates has dealt a defining blow
the International Court of Justice says
the measures taken by the UAE after the
blockade of Qatar amount to racial
discrimination according to Qatar the
UAE has failed to respect its
obligations the ICJ's ordered the UAE
immediately to allow Qatari families
expelled from the country to be reunited
students to finish their studies and
those kotori's affected access to
Emirati courts and tribunals the orders
of the ICJ president is compulsory the
court reaffirms that it is orders on
provisional measures under article 41 of
the statute have binding effect and thus
create international legal obligations
for any party to whom the provisional
measure is our address last June the UAE
Saudi Arabia Bahrain and Egypt severed
diplomatic ties with Qatar and imposed a
land sea and air blockade accusing Qatar
of funding extremism accusations it
denies Qatar says its citizens were
either illegally expelled or denied
access to the UAE separating families
and denying people access to health care
education their properties and assets of
course the UAE is only one of the four
countries to have imposed a blockade on
Qatar but it's the only one out of the
four to be brought here before the
International Court of Justice why
because it's the only country out of the
four that signed up to the International
Convention on the elimination of all
forms of racial discrimination but
Bahrain Egypt and Saudi Arabia we'll be
watching this case closely and drawing
their own conclusions this is a
statement that there is a likelihood of
discrimination so one would think that
the other states in the region would say
that means something again likely that
this is a violation in earlier hearings
the UAE denied any policy of expulsion
saying its measures were designed to
have the least possible impact on
ordinary citizens it said it's argument
was with the Qatari government not the
Qatar II people
but the UAE must comply with the court
or face further legal action Qatar could
go to the UN Security Council and demand
an enforcement order this is one of a
string of legal challenges mounted bike
at our to try and end the blockade a
ruling the country will welcome but
whether it will help end the blockade
now in its 14th month is less certain
Nev Barker al-jazeera The Hague
