always in the thick of the political
fray with Emmanuel macron before and
after his successful bid for the
presidency Alexandre bonala clearly had
the trust of the new occupants of the
Elysees palace but that very closeness
to overwhelm the man he was sworn to
protect how much did the president know
was there a cover-up bonala was filmed
at the May Day protests in Paris this
year wearing a police armband and
carrying a police radio he was supposed
to be just an observer but mobile phone
footage later showed him wearing a riot
police helmet and visor tackling a
demonstrator suspended for just two
weeks he was back on the security detail
when the French football team returned
in triumph to Paris with the World Cup
French deputies of the National Assembly
on Monday cross-examined the Interior
Minister Jared column why did it take
two and a half months before a
prosecution was brought against the
bodyguard he sounded like he was passing
the bus the Office of the President and
the police prefecture having all
necessary information to take action I
considered the fact that were flagged
were being dealt with the appropriate
level so I did not get involved further
in this issue when president macron was
elected last year he promised to bring a
new face to the lyc√©e with
accountability and transparency but
opposition MPs saying he's proving the
opposite the hearing of the Interior
Minister that lasts at two and a half
hours confirmed the worst suspicions we
had namely that there is in fact a
parallel structure in our country which
would fall under the presidency of the
Republic bonala had just been assigned a
luxury flat on the banks of the Sen
reserved for employees at the Elysees as
well as a chauffeur-driven car before
finding himself in police custody
as for president Macker already accused
of being elitist by his enemies and out
of touch with ordinary people he's seen
his popularity ratings dropped to just
39% they may have further to
pick chatter al-jazeera Paris
