solid commitment his government promised
president Rodrigo de terras third State
of the Nation Address will be his best
it was meant to highlight his
administration's achievement over the
past two years but it ended up becoming
one of the most chaotic national events
in recent times the president was an
hour and half late that's because of a
political drama that played out in
Congress before his address factions
within the thirties allies in the House
of Representatives launched a leadership
challenge former President Gloria
macapagal-arroyo who's a congresswoman
now moved to unseat the House speaker
this prevented the ratification of a
peace agreement between the government
and the Moro Islamic Liberation Front
rebel group the thirty had planned to
sign it into law on Monday it was
supposed to be an important part of the
president's State of the Nation Address
still the thirty managed to deliver his
speech the war against illegal drugs is
far from over
despite public outrage the illegal drug
war will not be sidelined instead it
will be as relentless and chilling if
you will also the day it began our
improved relationship which I know ever
does not mean that we will waver in our
commitment to defend our interests in
the West Philippine Sea as the 30 spoke
inside there were protests outside this
is the biggest anti-government protest
since President Rodrigo Duterte was
sworn in two years ago and there is no
shortage of anger and frustration here
activists say his government is
oppressive and they want him to resign
these protesters say the state of the
nation speech
is an attempt by the government to
conceal grave violations against the
Filipino people these women admit they
do not understand some of the issues
mentioned in the speech they say
security is a concern but they are more
worried about the rising cost of food
and other basic goods
I hope that the prices of goods will be
lowered
especially rice I hope that promise will
happen because the poor are getting
poorer the State of the Nation Address
is meant to be a showcase of the
government's achievements but the
political drama inside Congress
overshadows the speech and what it
revealed instead are the cracks in the
church's leadership Tamela Allen Dawg
and Al Jazeera Manila
