christena Raj Mangal and Martina
McCarthy have their hands full their
children Zoe and Santino are too
energetic happy and healthy toddlers but
they and their husbands would never have
been able to experience the joys of
parenthood if it weren't for the
development of in-vitro fertilisation
i've paulo cystic ovaries but yeah it
was my only yeah it's my only chance of
conceiving if it wasn't for the
treatment being available he wouldn't be
here i think it's amazing that through
this miracle of medical intervention we
were able to have a beautiful healthy
daughter it all began with Louise Brown
she was conceived in a British
laboratory in November 1977 after Robert
Edwards Patrick Steptoe and gene Purdy
spent nearly a decade trying to
fertilize a human egg outside the body
just shy of her 40th birthday Louisa
celebrated at London's Science Museum
she's the focus of an IVF exhibit which
features the very desiccator where her
embryo was developed it's just amazing
how many children have been born through
this process and how many lives and
families is created and hope and joy is
just I'm I'm proud to be the first one
IVF may become in place now but there
was a lot of controversy when Louise
Brown was born many religious leaders
denounced the use of any kind of medical
intervention and other critics said IVF
could pave the way for so-called Frankin
babies Louise's family received many
letters of support but they also
received hate mail including letters
splattered with fake blood not only has
the perception of IVF changed so has the
availability it grew from one small
clinic in the UK to a multi-billion
dollar global industry IVF has changed
the landscape of Human Reproduction it
is talking about 6 million babies I am a
believer that it is much more because I
wave technology has reach remote areas
in the whole world and it's probably
unlikely for us to get feedback of how
many babies were born in these remote
areas so it's an underestimate
it's important to appreciate that
currently predicted that by the end of
the century there will have been 400
million babies resulted as AI from IVF
worldwide for Christina and Martina that
pioneering technology gave them families
they would otherwise never have had
Catherine's tonsil al-jazeera London
