we've been witnessing an intense air
campaign throughout the day also heavy
shelling on this area behind us which is
essentially the only opposition-held
area left in southwestern syria it's
controlled by a group affiliated with
ISIL there is no negotiations on the
table for them certainly at the moment
we've seen small groups of people trying
to seek shelter close to rocks close to
the fence the fence that demarcates the
israeli-occupied Golan Heights with the
Syrian side the war is very close here
and it really does look like the Syrians
together with the Russians are really
pushing this campaign forward now trying
retake the entire area of Southwest
Syria the Israeli army here more on more
alert certain that we've seen in the
past couple of weeks more soldiers
monitoring the area taking pictures
earlier on Monday morning rocket sirens
were heard here that gives you an
indication of just how close the
fighting is
