a new era for China Africa relations Xi
Jingping promises to strengthen economic
ties as he makes his first visit to West
Africa as president but how will Africa
benefit as Beijing seeks new markets and
is it a win-win situation
this is Inside Story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
fully battable China has had a strong
presence in Africa for years Beijing has
built countless roads buildings and
provided economic support right across
the African continent now it looks set
to conquer even more markets as a result
of US President Donald Trump's new trade
tariffs Chinese President Xi Jinping is
on a four-nation tour of Africa with
stops in Senegal
wandah South Africa and Mauritius the
visit to Senegal was she's first trip to
West Africa as leader at a joint news
conference with Senegalese President
Macky Sall he said Africa was China's
natural ally and announced several new
deals we have attended the signature of
a slew of cooperation agreements in
various domains ranging from justice
economic and technical corporation
infrastructures promotion of human
capital and civil aviation the
development of China will bring more
opportunities to Africa and the
development of Africa will bring new
energy to the development of China
well China is Africa's biggest trading
partner according to the Chinese
Ministry of Commerce trade between the
two sides accounted for nearly a hundred
and seventy billion dollars last year
Chinese exports to Africa reached ninety
four point seven billion dollars while
African countries imported 75 billion
dollars worth of Chinese goods Beijing
has several large-scale projects across
the continent as part of its so-called
belt and road initiative which aims to
provide a link to 70 countries across
Southeast Asia the Middle East Europe
and Africa the Chinese government has
also provided at least 86 billion
dollars in loans over a decade to
finance over 3,000 projects in Africa
that includes a highway linking
synagogues capital dakar to its second
main city to be' and ethiopia is 475
million dollar light railway system in
aris alba of which 85% was funded by
china well let's bring in our guest for
today's inside story joining us in
Beijing Dan Wang
analysts at The Economist Intelligence
Unit in Senegalese capital dakar Adama
gay a journalist and former director of
information at the Economic Community of
West African states and in Nottingham in
the UK andreas folder a lecturer at the
University of Nottingham welcome to you
all
thank you so much for being with us on
Inside Story Adam a gay in the car if I
can start with you Senegal has become
the first African country on the
Atlantic coast to sign up for the belt
and Road initiative Beijing is clearly
very keen to expand and extend its
influence but what is Senegal getting
out of it China in the GDP the
commissioning of a arena for wrestling
which is so overall China is bringing
financial muscle and its capacity to
build infrastructures in Senegal this is
the first the most visible thing in this
cooperation but on the other hand it's a
political ties that china is expected to
build with szeliga on it in the case of
senator indeed china coming here
provides Senegalese a diplomatic cloud
that's other powerful countries like
America like France and the turkeys and
other emerging nations of the world are
clearly looking at in order to see
Senecas also for themselves as partner
but China
in this relationship and that's probably
what this nigga okay let me bring in Don
Juan in Beijing Don she says China sees
Africa as its natural ally I guess it's
no coincidence that it's on this charm
offensive now given this looming trade
war with America but I wonder will this
relationship with this increased
relationship with Africa make up for the
shortfall will it give China a boost a
more dominant position visa vie America
and the rest of the West well in the
short term I don't see that the
strengthened China Africa relation would
have a big impact on a China us relation
in fact this is a critical moment for
China as her strength in its relation
with Africa with Europe in the backdrop
of this escalated trade war with the US
but overall in terms of trading partners
in terms of global influence the u.s. is
not replaceable but at this point is
actually a pretty sensitive point for Xi
Jinping to visit Africa since the baton
road initiative is the president Xi's
legacy and Africa is playing a key role
in it and sheet roses time to visit is
also at a very critical sensitive
political moment domestically because in
about one week the pedicle meeting which
is a top secretive closed-door meeting
in China that will set the coming year
agenda with all the important Chinese
politicians together so if she has any
doubt over the domestic political
stability he wouldn't have come for this
Vonn tour in Africa let me ask you about
the choices the countries he chose to
visit at first look Wanda and Senegal
appear to be unusual choices for
president Xi's visit given that they
don't receive a large amount of
investment from China or are they large
countries in terms of population why did
he choose these countries specifically
what is he trying to get from them this
is the carefully chosen chosen set of
the countries for sure because for China
its largest investment actually set
Eastern African countries where the
political environment is more stable in
a lot of resources Tanzania was actually
the first country that she visited while
he took office but in recent years
relations with those countries hasn't
been the most smooth especially with
Tanzania China didn't get a few of the
most the key infrastructure projects
including the Tanzania a real way so
there there is the need for China to set
an example of what kind of relationship
it wants
in fact the smaller countries like
Rwanda like Senegal would be a better
choice for China at this point alright
let's bring in andreas to the
conversation andreas what do you see as
China's short and long-term agenda in
Africa sure I think in the short term
it's mostly a public relations exercise
you know these grandiose projects these
pet projects of feeding ping they
certainly make great headlines and it's
actually an easy sell or tune you know
the African population to say we'll
bring infrastructure will improve the
interconnectivity between these for
example East African countries mmm but
you see the devil is in the detail
and many of these development projects
are actually loan based and for example
for this East African countries like
Ethiopia South Sudan Kenya you mentioned
Rhonda also Burundi and Tanzania they
have actually borrowed close to 10
billion u.s. dollars - for example
develop these railways which will link
up the various cities in East Africa but
about 80 percent of the funding comes
from China and these are loans and not
grants so at one point they will have to
service their loans and they will have
to pay them back and so if you have
Chinese bankers to deal with them
this can be become an issue in the
future let me bring in Adam ax on that
particular point as Andreas says here is
a lot of these project projects
in Africa where whether it's in Senegal
or Guinea or elsewhere our loan based
projects
what happens if a guinea or Tanzania are
able to issue in Bangladesh China
because at the end of the day it was in
a sense at the time when we should DGP
he's promoting his big project that is
called the one good one bent and trying
to overcome the risk of being regulated
by American rule I think that
negotiating conditions those kind of
projects sometimes unfortunately tend to
see if given by a friend from
they are conditions indeed I just wanted
to ask you before I bring back down into
the conversation Adama
about how local African populations are
benefiting from these Chinese
investments I mean Beijing invested for
instance a hundred million dollars in
Senegal in 2017 and as you say a lot of
these African governments tend to go
directly to China now to get loans and
so on but is it trickling down to the
local communities yeah Danny in Beijing
as you hear there a lot of people in
many African countries have a problem
with the way China does business and
several African countries have pointed
to problems with large building
contracts awarded to Chinese companies
have been allegations of shoddy
construction of a lack of respect for
labor laws and local
laws by China you know at the end of the
day I guess the question is does China
really care about Africa a short answer
is yes but not in the same way as they
care about Chinese people
so what Chinese government wants is to
create jobs sell its domestic
overcapacity to Africa and also to get
market access in this large continent
and for Chinese companies it wants to
make money but I would I would have to
say that a lot of those bad things can
hold environmental regards labor issues
will gather tension sorry to interrupt
you so for China it's about making money
at all regardless of you know what
happens locally I think it depends on
industry it depends on the company for
the many company I've talked to some of
them did break the local law of
violating the labor law environmental
law but most of them I think are good
followers to abide by the local law so
but for certain industries like mining
it's very easy to break the law and get
into conflict with the locals but I
don't think it's a universal thing for
all projects in all countries what about
the issue of loans a lot of these
countries have taken up huge loans and
there is concern that you know if some
of these countries whether it's Senegal
or Guinea are unable to pay their debts
towards China that they might have to
turn all over some of their assets to
Beijing is that what's going to happen
and you know at the end right right this
is indeed a dilemma for both countries
actually for China many of those
projects are not profitable but it has
to lend the loans in order to use up
some of its productivity and also export
some of the products but for the local
government it also wants to develop one
so Bute transport infrastructure and so
on but then the model has become a
gradually involved into this resource in
exchange for infrastructure model in the
end there can be some conflict in a few
years one a lot of those countries
default on different projects and Rio
what is your thought on this and do you
think China has a paternalistic attitude
towards Africa as the former colonial
powers like Britain and France did and
you know they claim they were bringing
civilization to Africa is it different
when it comes to China is it more subtle
than that I think it's it's actually
slightly different what seems to be
happening here is the use of finance to
actually gain access to important assets
so for example the example given on the
port in actually Sri Lanka that port
didn't make any sense from a commercial
standpoint but the Chinese managed to
convince the Sri Lankan government that
this would be a good idea it wasn't it
was a very costly affair the government
couldn't service the debt had to kind of
give the port it's now under Chinese
control and it doesn't have actually
much commercial value but of course it
will be extremely valuable for the PLA
Navy for example in the future so I
think there is actually a nexus between
Commerce and security and more
importantly the military and in areas
which are close to the South China Sea
that is actually quite concerning how
dependent is China on African resources
Andres sure I mean in places like South
Sudan for example China made very
considerable investments in the
infrastructure in terms of oil
extraction and so it had had also to
think about transportation links and to
protect those investments by engaging in
UN peacekeeping which is a quite
interesting given China's take on
sovereignty and non intervention but
having said that much of the resource
extraction requires good transportation
links and this may also drive the
Chinese investment in railway projects
in East Africa for example a damag a in
Dakar
I want to talk about the politics now
all of this all a lot of African
governments will say to you today that
they like doing business with China
because there are no political strings
attached China doesn't demand good
governance in the countries that it does
business
is that necessarily a good thing for
Africa look this is something you need
to mitigate a little bit
we have heard often time the China is
not putting conditionalities in its
dealing with the rest of the world
that's saying you have to look at the
one China policy this is the most
important single conditionality the
China put forward if you don't have
relationship we can occur it shall be
you
so today only one African country and
slipped it on as we say one indicate
that China knows how to put pressure on
African countries is it good I think
sometimes if it's problematic because we
African countries we were really
democratic we like religion without
freedom we need to monitor division we
don't want relationships there are
states entrance
that's where our leaders will only be
dealing with challenges or disabilities
problem and a distillate even more
important in the life of the role the
move into people's role that meets the
DVP frame because he is currently also
in the mood of an emperor in China so it
is addressing and Beijing other
containers were mostly very weak
precisely because of Democratic
challenging they are facing within their
country so in a way I think that we need
to accept the China model understanding
that is that 1.3 billion country the
very way old would make a state nation
but on the other hand because we are
fermented nations they need to accept
who we are and deal with us without
trying to take advantage from the
vantage point I do believe should start
taking the lead so that there is an
African boys coordinated to say that
there are several things that we cannot
negotiate our freedom our natural
resources the capacity of a balanced
relationship the fusion of a new Iranian
moderate by China will take our
resources
with the capacity to speak out they seem
to be oh so you think a more unified
voice from Africa when it comes to
dealing with China
Adama Dan Wong on the issue of politics
it's a very delicate issue when it comes
to the relationship between Africa and
China how long can China say removed
from the non-interference policy that it
has towards Africa especially if it
needs to protect some of its assets on
the African continent I think I will it
will keep the status quo how like this
with no strings attached but just
infrastructure for a long time one
simple reason is that China has its own
problems right now to solve its own
problems the best strategy for it it
just is actually to build Africa instead
of exporting its values especially in at
present time China doesn't have a soft
power or unified value on to to give
like democracy or things like that some
people are talking about harmonious
development or Confucius but none of
those concepts are strong enough to
actually make China to stand in Africa
all right your thoughts on this Andrea's
folder do you think that China can
maintain this policy of non-interference
in the politics of the countries that it
deals with well I think whenever you
engage financially or economically with
another country you do actually
interfere and into like the political
structure you know the economic
structure the power structure so in that
sense any kind of engagement is kind of
disturbing the status quo but that said
at one point there will be calm
in the Chinese African relationship in
one way to mitigate those coming
conflicts would be for China to actually
become part of the OEC development
assistance committee so that actually
China as a new donor abides by
international standards when it comes to
development assistance when it comes to
financial cooperation technical
cooperation etc because right now China
is not part of the OECD DAC it means
that there's very little coordination
without a dullness there's very little
kind of learning from other donors or
sharing of good practice and I think if
China was to up its game learn from
other donors what has worked in a
password hasn't learn also forms many of
the mistakes that Western governments
have actually made in terms of providing
development systems in the 1960s 70s and
80s then I think many of the coming
problems could be averted all right I'll
give the last word to Adam agait in the
car briefly Adama how do you see this
relationship between Africa and China
evolving is China the next superpower on
the African we'll leave it there because
your line is breaking up unfortunately
thank you so much we get the gist of
your message thank you so much for a
very interesting conversation Don Wong a
damag a in andreas folder and thank you
too for watching you can always watch
this program again anytime by visiting
our website at aljazeera.com for further
discussion go to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com/ for /aj Inside
Story you can also join the conversation
on twitter our handle is at AJ Inside
Story
from me fully back to burn whole team
thanks for watching bye for now
you
