their National Court of Justice has
issued an order in favor of Qatar and
the case of the Gulf nation brought
against the United Arab Emirates now the
court says the measures taken by the UAE
in the blockade against Qatar amount to
racial discrimination it has ordered the
UAE to allow contrary families to be
reunited
it also says students as he permitted to
finish their education in the country
countries affected should be given
access to courts and tribunals the UAE
is one of four countries that imposed an
air land and sea blockade against Qatar
more than a year ago now and it sparked
worst political crisis in the Gulf in
decades now here is some of what the
UN's top court had to say the court
notes that a number of consequences
apparently resided resulted from this
situation and that the impact on those
affected seem to persist to this date
you a Qatari mix it families have been
separated Qatari students have been
deprived of the opportunity to complete
their education in the UAE and Qataris
have been denied equal access to
tribunals and other judicial organic in
the UAE any Barkers and The Hague let's
go to him live now so named this was
actually a very very close vote but by
no means a unanimous decision from this
court tell us more about what happened
yes it was very close indeed well the
court has had about a month to consider
the claims and counterclaims made by
quatre in the UAE that were first
presented here at the end of June but
narrowly they have given Qatar a chance
to allow for provisional measures to be
introduced which is exactly what Qatar
wanted I'll just exclaim what
provisional measures is it say interim
directive by the UN's highest court that
it is immediate and is legally binding
to all signatories of that key
convention the Convention on the
elimination of all forms of racial
discrimination that the UAE is accused
of violating and the UAE now has to make
sure that families are no longer
separated that students who have been
denied access to their education can
continue their studies or at least have
the documents to go elsewhere that
people can also now access judicial
services and a key message to both the
UAE and Qatar that everything possible
should be done to avoid an escalation of
tensions any further okay Annie Parker
live there and The Hague that's just a
one angle of this very important story
we have several more to cover as well me
thank you so let's take you to the heart
of what this case was at the core of it
are accusations by Qatar that the United
Arab Emirates has discriminated against
its citizens under the interventional
Convention Against Racism Qatar says
that its citizens have been illegally
expelled from the UAE and stopped from
traveling to or passing through the
country Qatar occurs in heard evidence
that families had been kept apart and
its citizens denied medical records and
other services like education since this
blockade was imposed in June of last
year that Qatar argues is a human rights
violation the UAE Saudi Arabia Egypt and
Bahrain are implementing the air sea and
land embargo they say that Qatar funds
terrorism which Doha strongly denies the
UAE is one of the four is only one
rather afford that's a signatory to the
convention Against Racism and that's why
it's role was a it was a sole subject
rather of this case we more sir is a
senior lecturer at The Hague University
of Applied Sciences he joins us now from
The Hague
appreciate your time very much so this
ruling in favor of Qatar ordering UAE to
do these very specified things what
enforcement is there to make sure the
UAE actually does this well luckily we
don't normally need enforcement usually
what happens is states comply
99% of the time states will comply
because it's in their interest to be
seen as a trustworthy state but if for
some reason that were to happen and an
estate were not to comply the other
state could always go to the UN Security
Council but luckily that's never had to
happen what was the bar that Qatar had
to meet to prove this discrimination to
prove racism
well at this point the case is only a
provisional measures order so the
overall case of whether or not there is
or is not discrimination has not yet
been decided and that may be some time
before that happens
today they just had to show that there
was an emergency need to make sure that
people's lives are not going to be
interrupted so all the court had to
decide today was that there was a
plausible argument that there may be
discrimination discrimination on the
basis of a sensitive race or ethnic
heritage so what type and I understand
what you're saying that this is still
provisional was still a very long
process here but but still having said
that what type of legal precedent does
this set well it establishes not a very
big precedent for international law in
the sense of this is just a provisional
measure sorter so the overall case
hasn't been decided there are two other
cases on this same treaty one has been
already dismissed on a procedural ground
and the other one is still pending so we
don't have a whole lot of precedent so
if indeed this were to go in the favor
of Qatar then we would have a really
strong statement that this kind of
action would be considered racial
discrimination so does this give any if
there are any families you know that
wanted to pursue some sort of legal
claim for losses or damages does this
give them something that they could use
something that they can reference
if what your meaning is whether or not
an individual could bring some
particular claims that's not going to
happen let me clarify him not to
discriminate not to this particular body
that that's not what I mean obviously
that's not how this court works but I'm
saying if there was some other court
some other jurisdiction where my family
that had been affected by this wanted to
file a lawsuit for example is this
something that could work in their favor
well they'd have to find a court that
would actually have jurisdiction over
this so that would have to be say a
court in the Emirates or potential court
in Qatar there are some human rights
treaty bodies there is a claim already
pending at the committee for the
elimination of discrimination so there
are a couple of venues where that where
that could happen for this the precedent
and of course we're talking about when
the overall case is done the precedent
would be that that this kind of
discrimination which really on its face
looks more like citizenship
discrimination that this kind of
discrimination would constitute racial
discrimination thus triggered the treaty
then the question would be whatever
other court you go to whether it be a
domestic court or it be one of these
treaty bodies if they also can enforce
the same convention then indeed they
could look to this as a persuasive
precedent okay well again the UAE has
been ordered to do very specific things
for unite families to allow the students
to continue studying and to give a cot
race affected by this access to judicial
recourse so we will have to see how this
plays out a William Wooster joining us
from The Hague thank you very much
