so Stephanie do we know what the mission
will be of the Russian delegation going
there
well they'll certainly be discussing
Syria I think they will be discussing
that surprising evacuation of the white
helmets that Israel undertook at the
request of the Americans of the
Canadians and others we've had the
Syrian government come out today and
condemn it so it's not clear very loud
plane in the sky now it's not clear
whether the Russians were informed of it
or not we would assume so but it's not
clear and of course they will be
discussing Syria why you can hear the
jet there over there you go see they've
just sent me to the right and because
this is such a close conflict as you're
seeing now Sami this is my situation for
us if you could still fight that area
that we can see smoke is that inside the
occupied Golan Heights israeli-occupied
Golan Heights all or the rest of Syria
no that is that is the Syrian that is
the Syrian side but it's incredibly
close to the fence I mean I can see this
defense you can probably see it and it's
very close to those tents in front that
is the Syrian side sami but it shows you
just how close it is I'm not just some
of you can you see the fence there's
probably a fence yes you can see the
fence in your shot that is the line sami
between the israeli-occupied Golan
Heights and the Syrian side and of
course Israel's main concern here is not
about the conflict it's about Iran and
about Iranian forces one assumes that
would that be a proce I don't say Syrian
jet but a pro-regime jet in Syria or
Russia bombing some positions by the
Syrian opposition is that basically what
we're looking at yes you're looking at I
can't tell you whose jet it is but
certainly either a Syrian regime jet or
a Russian jet and this has been going
out for the last couple of hours
intensely Sami in front of us and also
to the other side of the other area what
this group called the the highlight bin
walid group they're affiliated with ISIL
what you've seen happening here
throughout the last month or so is also
the push by the Syrian regime and the
Russians and then forcibly a negotiation
deal with the rebels seeing
that don't agree then move further
towards the north
keep jumping in and interrupting here
but this is really interesting I think
we should clarify it for viewers what
we've been talking about the last few
days is how opposition groups are being
bussed out and are heading to it'd Lib
then clearly there are still some armed
groups left opposition Syrian opposition
armed groups left in in the southwest
can you clarify a little bit
who's left and what the strategy is yes
I was just mentioning the the collodion
Walid Brigade who are affiliated with
ISIL these are the ones in this pocket
there is no negotiation deal being
offered to them at the moment the rest
of the deals have been with other rebel
groups along this border the most recent
one in cuneta this is a little further
north of where we are those busses even
today still leaving and these are the
rebels and their families who do not
agree to any form of and there's another
one actually let me sum heed to the
right so yes either Russian or Syrian
jetsam II no negotiations here we have
heard that civilians have been fleeing
this area over the last couple of days I
cannot give you an exact assessment of
how many civilians remain in this area
but again as you see a very active
campaign no deal on the table for the
group in charge here and Sami just
briefly to get back to your question
this is the last remaining pocket of
rebel-held territory in southwestern
Syria so this what you're watching is
the government's campaign helped by
Russia to take back the entire part of
southwestern Syria thanks for bearing
with us Stefan that I mean I think it
gives viewers a really good look at a
live war going on and what it means to
have that sort of conflict in such a
sensitive area with clearly some
civilians still left in there
thanks so much Stephanie deccan they're
doing a great job
