it is a worrying time for parents across
China outside Beijing's top Children's
Hospital we found many still absorbing
the fact the China's second largest
pharmaceutical company has been
producing vaccines for babies that are
fake the people who made these
fabricated vaccines should be executed
right away without any hesitation they
did it to babies not adults he added
this mother is especially concerned her
one-year-old son was inoculated for
rabies last month he has a fever and the
scandal is heightened her anxiety my son
was born very weak he always has fevers
now his dad and I don't know if it's
related to the fake vaccines in China
vaccinations to prevent diseases like
tetanus whooping cough and rabies are
free but now some parents no longer
trust the made in China versions if
these free chinese vaccines cannot meet
correct safety standards i would have to
think about buying imported vaccines so
far there have been no reports of
children harmed by the vaccine or having
contracted rabies the Chun Shan
biotechnology company in northeast China
produced the fake vaccines executives
have now admitted falsifying test
results for its rabies vaccine
production is halted all vaccines are
being recalled were still just last
Thursday this same company was fined
over its substandard production of other
vaccines we found out that the company
forged the records of production and
production inspections and modified
technical parameters and equipment at
will the actions seriously violated the
relevant stipulations of Chinese law
this scandal broke four days ago but it
wasn't until Sunday night the China's
Premier Li Keqiang spoke out urging
severe punishment for all those
responsible now the government says that
all companies that produced vaccines in
China will be subject to unannounced
inspections this industry was already in
trouble just two years ago another
pharmaceutical company was found to have
improperly stored tens of millions of
dollars worth
vaccines many of them had expired but in
unusually open coverage China's state
controlled media have called for an
overhaul of an industry which one
newspaper editorial said had been
contaminated by scandals Adrian Brown
al-jazeera Beijing
