under the cover of darkness hundreds of
white helmet volunteers and their
families made their way across the
israeli-occupied Golan Heights to Jordan
it was a top-secret multinational effort
helped along by the UN their exit was
facilitated by Israel after a request
from the US Canada and others its army
issued a statement saying it was an
exceptional humanitarian gesture Canada
the UK and Germany have agreed to
resettle them the white helmets were
founded in 2014 to rescue civilians
injured in attacks on rebel-held
territory the group has been backed by
the US and other Western countries there
was a fear what would happen to them
once their area fell under government
control but such a deal doesn't apply to
the tens of thousands of civilians who
have fled the fighting and who remained
behind closed borders their areas under
opposition control for years now back in
the hands of the Syrian government and
one of the latest deals rebels in
Syria's southwest region of quneitra we
should deal with the government on
Friday buses have been leaving from
Connecticut and Syria what we are seeing
actually in my opinion is part of the
arrangements would have been agreed
between key regional and international
powers in order to clear the area from
any presence that is not that might not
be Syrian regime be happy with Syrian
government is now taken back most of
this southwestern part of the country
the only area left under opposition
control is the area behind me and it's
controlled by a group affiliated with
ISIL there is no deal in the offering
for them now we've been seeing multiple
airstrikes has also seen jets in the sky
it seems the government's final battle
for southern Syria is underway Stephanie
Decker al Jazeera in the
israeli-occupied Golan Heights
