Pakistanis will go to the polls for a
general election this week the outcome
would lead to the second peaceful
transfer of civilian power in the
country's history but what role is the
military playing and how powerful is it
this is inside story
hello there and welcome to the program
I'm Laura Kyle tens of millions of
voters in Pakistan will head to the
polls this week to choose a new
government it's been a tumultuous few
weeks for the country of nearly 200
million people earlier this month an
anti-corruption Court for found former
Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif guilty of
corruption his party is one of several
contesting this election if it all goes
according to plan it would be just the
second time there's been a peaceful
transfer of power from one civilian
government to another now Pakistan has
swung between civilian and military rule
since its independence from Britain in
1947 the run-up to this vote has been
marked by political tension and attacks
that have killed more than 150 people
the government has deployed hundreds of
thousands of soldiers to monitor and
guard polling stations let's take a look
at some of the main candidates in this
election Shahbaz Sharif is running with
the Nawaz faction of the Pakistan Muslim
League now he's the brother of the
former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif who
was recently found guilty of corruption
below while Bhutto Zardari is on the
Pakistan Peoples Party ticket the 29
year old is the son of former Prime
Minister Benazir Bhutto who's
assassinated in 2007 now he too has
faced allegations of corruption and
former cricketer Imran Khan is the
leader of the Tareq en SAFF party which
is particularly popular amongst young
voters Khan has been vocal in his
opposition to government corruption
let's hear now from what two of the
candidates had to say we can form a
government in Pakistan where a minister
will be afraid of corruption that our
national accountability bureau will
catch a prime minister and ministers as
it happens in Europe
I want Authority for you I want
Authority to solve your problems I want
power so that the labourers could get
reward for their hard work
I want two authorities so that the youth
can get education and employment I want
power so that the farmers could get the
price for their crops
I want Authority for the women to get
their rights I want power to protect the
rights of minorities
I want authority to empower democracy
and I will god-willing succeed in this
struggle
now Pakistan's military was formed in
1947 shortly after the country gained
independence from Britain it's the sixth
largest in the world in terms of active
military personnel and the biggest
amongst Muslim countries it has seized
control of several civilian governments
over the years enforcing martial law to
restore order and has dismissed members
of parliament and it's fought three wars
with India which killed at least a
hundred thousand people plus it seen
several standoffs on its border with
Afghanistan okay well let's bring in our
panel now and joining us from Islamabad
maria sultan director-general of the
south asian strategic stability
institute in washington DC via skype
michael Kuhlman senior associate in
south and southeast asia at the Woodrow
Wilson Center and also in Islam but
Hamid Mir the executive editor of Geo
News a very warm welcome to all of you
Maria going to start with you what does
the army want from these elections I
think these are one of the most in one
way watershed elections in Pakistan's
history the Army's expectations are that
it should number one it should be
peaceful as far as the transition is
concerned number two of course they want
a government which should be responsive
towards development as a priority and of
course corruption which also should be
there but the bigger question of war
there or the underlying tension which
you can see is primarily about the civil
military relations and also the fact
that the state institutions should not
come at odds when it's coming to the
issue of the state and when it comes to
the state's ability to respond back so
that is primarily a couple of things
which is at this moment at the back of
the the military thinking process okay
and question them why there should be
three hundred and seventy-one thousand
soldiers monitoring this vote they're
noting that this is three times the
number that we had in the last elections
in 2013 that is primarily because of the
fact because the Election Commission has
number one requested for it and number
two because
of the fact and the fear that maybe
there would be rigging on the polling
day so you needed an honest intellect or
now for that the question is will the
other candidates people doing pressure
whether there would be similar
administration which would be marking
bad because if you look at the actual
election process which requires both
political parties representatives or for
that matter any number of
representatives which are available at
that polling station to be there once
the word-count mayor happens so it's
never about casting the waters is always
about counting the wart so you want that
process to be transparent and you want
that to be something in which people
believe that their mandate has not been
stolen okay how mentally just pick up on
that last point that the soldiers are
there to ensure that there's a
transparent election is that something
that you're happy with I think I asked
this question to the Secretary of the
Election Commission of Pakistan mr. Baba
yaqoob that why you are deploying the
troops inside the polling stations so
they said that we think that there will
be we need a lot of manpower to maintain
the law and order situation especially
in areas where the Civil Administration
is not very powerful so that's why we
are deploying army troops inside the
polling stations some of the political
parties are raising lot of questions on
that but I think that if a soldier is
deployed inside a polling station with a
weapon and in a uniform I think he
cannot interfere in the polling process
but he will be responsible only for
maintaining law and order okay how much
military interference do you think there
has been in this vote we have a history
and if you go through the history of
Pakistan so we can I can say that in the
past there was lot of interference by
the intelligence agencies in our
election process some of the cases were
heard in the Supreme Court of Pakistan
and this interference is documented
recently in the Oscar Khan case but this
time
there are some political parties who are
saying that military should not be
deployed inside the polling stations and
some of the political parties they are
not speaking openly but they have
written letters and they are talking
privately to the military officials that
they think that there is some
interference but the other side is
saying that no we are neutral and we are
not interfering so let's hope for the
best and I think that whatever is
happening and especially whatever
happened last last night in Rawalpindi
after the announcement of a verdict
against a pml-n leader hanifa bossy
there were slogans by the sir by his
supporters against some state
institutions so I think that Sarah T
must be prevailed and I hope that
military will not interfere electoral
process or there should be they should
be very careful Michael we will get to
your promise in just a moment just want
to pick up a ham it on what dog on that
point that you make Hannah for BA C's
sentence yes they on Saturday he was
given a life sentence on Saturday three
days four days before the vote but this
is a case that's been pending in court
for six or seven years and many people
as you've just said do point to the
military having pressured the courts to
pass that sentence and it's not the only
one of its kind is it that we've seen
against P Elliman candidates you see I
am following this case since last six
years and actually anti-narcotics force
is involved in this case and
anti-narcotics force is headed by a
serving Army officer and hanifa basi was
complaining since last three four years
that some military officials are
contacting him and they are putting
pressure on him and they want that I
should take dictation from them and
that's why they are trying to convict me
in this drug case and actually the fe
train which is used in medicines it is
not used as a drug in Pakistan please
to move forward to see if there's a
politically motivated case or not yeah
there is there is there is a majority
opinion in an analyst here in Pakistan
majority of the analysts independent
analysts journalists column writers they
think that it is a politically motivated
case and Hanif Abbasi is a victim of
political okay Vendetta okay Michael
what's the view from outside of Pakistan
I mean a little media are looking at
these elections and the headlines are
that the military is interfering on
unprecedented levels what's the view
there from Washington well I mean I
think if you look at all of the
developments of recent months starting
with some of those that have already
been mentioned here the fact that
several very senior pml-n leaders have
been sentenced to to prison so so close
before the election like Nawaz Sharif
the former prime minister and his
daughter Miriam received jail sentences
you know just to within days of the
election and there also have been
arrests of some pml-n
members there have also been censorship
media censorship of outlets that are
perceived to be - that are perceived to
be focusing too much on the PM LM and
they're perceived to be too favorable to
the pml-n and of course the military
itself in Pakistan it does have a
reputation for interfering or getting
involved in politics in a big way when
it's not ruling the country directly and
also the military has sparred with the
pml-n significantly during the last few
years of the PM Ellen's time and power
in terms of some decisions that and some
moves that Nawaz Sharif did such as
publicly criticizing and look for not
sufficiently against the terrorists that
threatened India and Afghanistan or that
are based and that are based on
Pakistani soil and I believe that Nawaz
Sharif also suggested a willingness to
speak more and engage more with India
than the military would have liked so
all of this to me suggests that you know
you can't rule out the fact or the idea
that the military is trying to behind
the scenes engineer some type of out
that could undercut the tml ends
electoral prospects but i don't think we
should overstate the role of the
military here I mean certainly the pml-n
I think in my view at least is there is
corruption and the ranks and I think one
could argue that the party did not do
the best job of trying to explain all
these questions about it's it's offshore
assets and all that but at the end of
the day I think what the what the
Pakistani army wants the most from an
electoral outcome is a weak coalition
government that would enable the
military to have influence and I think
in that sense there would be a need for
the PMO and pml-n not to be able to
sweep to an outright victory and an
absolute majority in the election so
it's it's a complicated story and I
think it's important not to necessarily
subscribe to the dominant narrative that
the military is completely
stage-managing something and that the
pml-n you know is completely innocent in
all this I think the middle ground is
perhaps more accurate absolutely and
also Maria not to forget that Imran Khan
is a very popular candidate he's he's
standing on a platform promising to
fight corruption of course which we've
seen the PLO men absolutely tainted with
over the last few years he's also plan
to be transparent and break with
dynastic policies and he is very popular
with the young isn't he
well you're spot-on as for his
popularity is concerned but I think this
is for the first time that all actors in
Pakistan and Pakistan national security
stands tested that means that the
political parties have to for the first
time actually come out and actually own
different stuff you know for example is
Johanna Ferber see the cushion of
Everdeen is not something which you can
just set aside yes there could be
judicial activism which you are seeing
and maybe that is leading to this you
know this underhand assumption but the
fact remains that there is corruption
the fact remains that there are other
candidates of all other parties which
are also being subject yes there are
bigger questions in terms of how much
and what level of party leadership is
being affected by this process but let's
not forget the most important thing is
that it is all pre-election the most
important factor would be done once the
people go to the polls
because it is then that the people would
actually speak and speak for Pakistan
and I think this is where most parties
are actually afraid whether it is PTI
yes they have the youth but have to done
the development work no they haven't
have the pml-n
done the you know gone forward on a
development yes but have they dealt
effectively with corruption perhaps not
are they silent on national security
issues
is it just an India case it's not so
simple I think there are not because if
you look at the pml-n policy they have
been very square they have been on civil
military I would say there was an
equation when it came to Afghanistan and
even in terms of India despite whatever
the talk was and at the end of the day
then there is also the bigger silent
majority which is not spoken but which
is emerging these are the other
coalition partners such as the MMA such
as the you know other independents
because it is going to be perhaps the
most unknown factor or the wildcard
which we're having at this moment are
going to be the independence and it
would also be the People's Party what
relates fate to be so I think at this
moment every political party stands
tested along with the military in which
that how it's going to balance itself
out and at the end of the day on
Election Day the people of Pakistan will
speak up and once for all at least we
will have some clarity where the motions
are going it okay but there's been quite
a lot of coverage and criticism in the
run-up to these elections especially
when it comes to the media we've seen a
lot of restrictions placed on Dawn
Newspaper
its distribution has been disrupted in
military areas and indeed on geo TV
which is your channel how have you felt
the pressure you see I am NOT a
spokesperson of the geo TV but as far as
the facts are concerned nobody can deny
the effects that geo TV was shut down
many times in last couple of months and
Don is also facing the same problems
these days most of the geo anchors
including me we cannot do live shows and
when we ask our management that who
pressurised you not to do live shows so
they say that there is
no pressure from the military but this
is our own arrangement we don't want
that anything against judiciary or army
should go on air so that's why we are
doing it doing recorded shows so they
say that there is no pressure but many
people they are aware that there are
some hidden pressures and there is also
history of these kind of pressures and
and this is not a new thing because I am
covering elections as a journalists in
1988 so this is my 7th 8th selection so
for me situation was same in 2013 in
2008 election I was banned I was not on
the screen pervez musharraf banned me so
before that in 2002 the situation was
same so in 2018 if geo TV or dawn or any
other TV channel or newspaper is facing
any pressure this is not new it's a it's
a long history sure but if we compare
the election of 2008 2008 with 2018 so
situation is slightly better okay it's
can people talk or are people talking a
lot more openly now about the role of
the military in Pakistan you see I never
heard questions from the political and
intellectual elite of Punjab in the past
about the role of military and
intelligence agencies in politics
whenever I go to the universities now
the students they ask me questions
previously I face these questions only
in Balochistan and send and have a pop
tune ha so a few days ago I was in a
university in Rawalpindi and and the
young students they were asking me these
kind of questions that why there is
political management by those people who
are not supposed to interfere in
politics and last night what happened in
Rawalpindi outside the court the
anti-drug code anti-narcotics code the
people openly raised slogans against
some intelligence agencies and some
institutions and no no no TV channel
aired those slogans but there
available on social media so this is you
see as a citizen of this country this is
I am very much concerned about the
situation because I never heard these
kind of slogans these kind of questions
this kind of criticism in Punjab because
there is an impression that army belongs
to Punjab because Punjab is the RK
biggest province so I think and I I feel
that there is a realization within the
army that this situation is not good and
if there is complaint from any political
party or ever any civilian institutions
the complaint must be addressed okay
Michael do you think this role of social
media is a positive one in that we've
seen attempts in Pakistan to block the
more traditional media but as Hammond
was just saying it doesn't matter
because on social media everything is
available anyway well I mean this is
true I mean social media is a blessing
and a curse and in Pakistan and in every
other country as well I mean what what I
feel is somewhat disturbing is that what
we're seeing over the last few months is
these efforts by the state in Pakistan
and Tutte - essentially target crackdown
on those on social media that are seen
as being overly critical of the military
and the intelligence establishment and I
think that that may be a realization on
the part of the states in Pakistan that
social media is powerful and I think as
as the state has cracked down war on you
know anti-military critics or military
critics offline in traditional media
that you know social media has become a
bit of a read out and a bastion for the
more liberal components of the country
and those willing to keep criticizing
the military and that therefore there's
a need to move into the social media
sphere to crack down on those on those
that are critical of the military there
and what we have seen over the last few
months is unfortunately the
disappearances of some folks who have
been particularly critical of the army
so it's true that social media is
obviously a very very vibrant sphere and
it will continue to be so but I think
that what you're starting to see in
countries like Pakistan as that it's as
it becomes as it's also maybe to be
was more influential and you have these
critics that have their voices amplified
on there there's need to to deal with
those critics so to speak as well so
it's actually a rather precarious
statement there I want to move we're
running out of time it's want to move on
to more international masses at the
beginning of this year Washington cut
over a billion dollars in annual
security aid because of what it said was
Pakistan support for terrorist groups in
relations with the US have never been
worse
Moorea is improving ties with the United
States on anyone's agenda here it
doesn't even matter because
traditionally foreign policy has seen to
be the the issue for for the military
only I think foreign policy is an issue
for all Pakistani leaders who would be
coming to power and at the moment they
will take office this is something which
is going to be stealing them back worry
squarely and very strongly but the issue
which we're dealing at this moment is is
the bigger question in terms of how
different powers to be in Pakistan
actually settle and how these doors are
managed listening to the two colleagues
who were just speaking I think there is
also something which the Pakistani
military said today and that is that if
there are claims that they are
interfering that the supreme court must
investigate all these allegations so
there is also bigger responsibility for
that but there is a bigger you know
there has to be a fine line in terms of
what constitutes in terms of being
entire military in terms of its
political aspirations or for that matter
its civilian you know drawback in terms
of engagement but on the other hand it's
also in terms of whether to target the
institution per se so I think these are
hard times but most importantly these
are learning times and these are this is
how the democracy would actually mature
in Pakistan okay and we believe that
eventually things will settle okay Hamid
just in the last minute or so that we've
got left are we seeing the democracy
maturing in Pakistan it's seen as the
second democratic transition between
civilian governments in the country's
history but do you think it's going to
be viewed as such you see July 25th is a
very important day
and I think some people some forces they
tried the level best to delay the
election but they failed and now some
people some forces are trying to
manipulate the election so I think that
if they believe in Pakistan if they they
have some love for they have some
respect for Pakistan they should not try
to manipulate July 20 2015 because if
this election will become controversial
then every nobody will gain anything
every Pakistani will be a loser so I can
only appeal all the people all the
institutions that let's make a united
front and try to make a transparent and
free and fair election on July 2 I am
voting them it's hard to say I think
that we're going to have a hung
parliament essentially there's not going
to be any one party with an absolute
majority and there's gonna need to be a
need for a very fractious and perhaps
extended negotiation to cobble together
a coalition which could take a very long
time and I think that you know that
brings to mind you know there could be
some very interesting power brokers such
as our dari from the PPP that could be
in a position to try to negotiate in
ways to bring their party into the fold
somehow it's gonna be a very interesting
week indeed okay many thanks to poojas
we have to stop there
we will keep discussing this topic here
on al Jazeera and I'm sure be revisiting
it again on Inside Story for the moment
though Maria Sultan Michael Kuhlman and
Hamid Mir thank you very much for
joining us
and thank you too for watching you can
see the program again anytime by
visiting our website that's
aljazeera.com no further discussion do
go to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com/ for /aj inside
story you can also join the conversation
on twitter our handle is at ajay inside
story from me laura kyle and the whole
team here it's bye for now
you
you
