in a sparse room in central Djibouti
Wasilla Ahmed Abdul Aziz Abdullah and
their seven children sit out the war in
Yemen they're safe but destitute and
scarred for life by the horrors they say
they've witnessed we couldn't stay there
was a wedding in our village during the
celebrations airplanes came and dropped
bombs on it 45 people were killed the
whole place was demolished in people
blown to pieces they couldn't tell who
was who people brought a bucket and we
picked up pieces of flesh and bone
his mother was one of them we lost so
many relatives at once so fast we didn't
want that to happen to our children but
to escape and a grueling 14 hour boat
ride across the Red Sea seven children
you understand how it is I got scared
the killing began near us bullets began
flying around and my children were very
scared so I took them to the coast and
that night there was heavy bombardment
of a military base on the outskirts of
town the kids did not stop crying all
night I found a fishing boat and they
said they were headed for Djibouti it
was a very windy day very high waves my
kids got sick and threw up a lot the
family ended up at this remote refugee
camp in Oh Bock but the hot dusty desert
environment aggravated the asthma of
their baby daughter forcing them to seek
better treatment in djibouti's capital
around 5,000 Yemeni refugees live in the
city the UN runs an advice center here
but it doesn't have the resources to pay
for health care or anything else they
come here and explain their case they
don't know what is or isn't possible and
the hardest thing basically is getting
them to understand it's clearly very
frustrating for Abdulaziz like most
refugees here he'd rather go home to
Yemen but he tells us he can't do that
until the situation changes Burnett
Smith al Jazeera Djibouti
