in Bangladesh a country crisscross by
nearly 25,000 kilometers of rivers and
nearly 600 kilometers of coastline
drowning is the leading cause of death
among children every year some 15,000
die Mahima big hoon was working when she
briefly lost track of her two children
last year a boy and a girl
I have no choice but to work things like
cooking and household chores while we
are working it's not easy to remember
where our children are most of the time
like it happened to me I lost track
where my children were and this is how
such accidents take place
she found their bodies in a nearby pond
most drowning deaths in Bangladesh
happened between 9:00 in the morning and
one in the afternoon when caregivers are
busy doing day-to-day work
experts say perhaps not surprisingly
that the proximity to water increases
the risk of drowning in Bangladesh it's
never far away this picture terrifies me
this photo exhibit at the United Nations
headquarters in New York called just one
inch of water is meant to highlight the
dangers as well as point to ways to
reduce the risks the scale of the
problem is huge so it's bigger than the
number of deaths in childbirth every
year but it's never been addressed in
the UN's history it's never had any
political attention at the United
Nations daycare centers like this one
provide not only an education for
children but also a way to keep them out
of trouble there are ponds ditches and
canals near almost all the village homes
and in the monsoon these areas get
inundated by flood water this becomes
very risky for the children swimming
lessons are also crucial to reduce
accidental deaths in countries like
Bangladesh where water sustains life but
also claims the lives of so many
chrysten salumi al-jazeera
