the second most powerful man in
Afghanistan is back in Kabul vice
president General Abdul Rashid Dostum
had been living in exile in Turkey for
the last 14 months he was allowed to
come back after his supporters protested
demanding his return general Dostum left
because of this man
armored issue and northern elder who
accused him and his guards of kidnapping
and rape Dostum ordered his commander to
rape me with nine other bodyguards he
told them to rape me until the ground is
covered with blood and taken photograph
but doston refused to come in for
questioning president Ashraf Ghani then
persuaded turkeys president Richard
type-o to one to take him in it's not
the first time das teams been exiled in
Turkey it's a repeat of ten years ago
when he assaulted a political rival
which led to this standoff in Kabul
between police and his bodyguards
general Dostum is surrounded and someone
harms even one of customs hairs they
must know that seven or eight provinces
of the north will turn against the
government's Dostum has a ruthless
reputation he has ruled northern
Afghanistan for 30 years and is renowned
for shifting his allegiance in 1996 he
met top Taliban commanders for talks but
the handshake stopped there he would
fight the Taliban in the Northern
Alliance famously saying he could never
bow to a government where there is no
whiskey and no music
doston was later accused of war crimes
and hundreds of Taliban prisoners in his
care suffocated in shipping containers
after the 2001 u.s. invasion
doston transitioned from warlord to
politician he welds enormous influence
in Afghanistan's north when he returned
from exile ten years ago this was his
reception many including President Ghani
who needs the support of doston space
will be eager to see what type of
reception he gets this time charlotte
Bellis al jazeera
