firefighters in Sweden say their battle
for control is far from over
remarkably nobody's been injured by the
dozens of wildfires the government's
appealed for help from other countries
Italy France and Norway have responded
by sending water bombing helicopters and
planes as well as emergency personnel
reeling in Albania that farted on which
the government is ready to take all
necessary decisions and supply all
needed resources our duty is to support
all agencies so that they have what they
need to get the fires under control
therefore the government is following
this event closely every minute every
day unusually high temperatures across
the whole Nordic region up to 33 Celsius
coupled with virtually no rain for
several weeks have made the vegetation
here highly flammable Finland and Norway
have also had wildfires in the last week
but it's Sweden that suffered the most
this dairy farmer says the grass is
normally much longer right now and
that's a real problem
we don't use this much beds normally I
think we've used to feed about three or
four a day and now it's five or six in
some areas home owners have been moved
to safety while thousands of Swedes have
been warned to stay indoors with the
windows shut
to avoid breathing in smoky air the
situation is very serious the rescue
services do not see that the biggest
fires will be able to be extinguished in
the near future due to the weather in
that coming week and at the moment the
focus is on delaying and requesting and
trying to well delay and hinder the
spreading of the fires Swedish
authorities say that as of Thursday an
area equivalent to 20,000 football
pitches had burned that's 10 times the
size you'd expect in a normal year and
some fires are still spreading
Nadine Barber al-jazeera
