as muhammad who was born blind says
playing the palin doug is an escape from
the violence of daily life he fled the
village of mamasapano plagued by
fighting between armed groups Asma
earless one of the millions of morrow
Muslims who remain hopeful they will be
able to return to their birthplace Moro
Islamic Liberation Front commander
garrix Aguilar fields that may happen
soon for him to the rebel who's been
fighting Philippine government forces
for more than 30 years says he's finally
ready to lay down his weapons with the
sleep of the chance to live a life in
peace in our own Bangsamoro homeland
most of the Filipinos never saw us as
one of them in their eyes we are enemies
our parents didn't have a choice we
didn't have a choice but to fight back
these fighters say they fear a repeat of
atrocities committed against their own
people except that this is more than
just a job that we took it is a struggle
it may take a lifetime but we are ready
for it the m IL f is the largest armed
group in southeast asia that has been
fighting for greater autonomy for more
than forty years at least 100,000
Filipinos died in the rebellion and
millions lost their homes after many
rounds of peace talks with previous
administrations both sides finally
reached an agreement that Congress in
Manila has approved a lasting peace is
finally a possibility the Bangsamoro
Basic Law will establish a more
substantially autonomous territory for
the predominantly Muslim moral people
they will have their own government
their own Parliament and a justice
system incorporating Islamic law the
regional government will get 75% of the
territory's revenue and 5% of the annual
revenue of the Philippines however
government leaders in Manila will retain
control over the territories police and
armed forces and rebel forces will
gradually be the
missioned to reduce the risk of further
rebellions implementation of the peace
agreement is the most critical part
disbanding and compensating more than
30,000 fighters is expected to be
complicated in the region rife with
armed groups previous peace agreements
with other rebel groups here have failed
resulting in the formation of splinter
groups and even more violence the
previous failures are caused for the mi
LF fighters to be wary a referendum on
the new lost jutsu be held before the
end of the year many here are cautiously
optimistic that peace has finally
arrived
Jamel Allen dog and al jazeera Cotabato
City southern Philippines
