a desperate rush to save lives
it's the moment rescue workers see
stranded migrants in the Mediterranean a
40 year old woman from Cameroon is still
alive but for another woman and a
topless it's too late the difficulties
we've experienced to save just one
single life have been unbelievable aid
group proact Eva open arms found the
migrants and say the deaths were no
accident
it's accusing Libya's coastguard of
manslaughter the rescue team says
Libya's Coast Guard intercepted about
160 Europe abound migrants the two woman
and a toddler apparently refused to
board the vessel as a result the
rescuers alleged the Libyan Coast Guard
abandoned the migrants and slashed their
inflatable boat with a knife
we have denounced at the court of Palma
de Majorca the captain of the 3rds for
negligence and for reckless homicide and
we are going to do the same with the
captain of the Libyan patrol which is a
member of the Libyan Coast Guard for
negligence and for homicide on Saturday
the rescue boat arrived in the Spanish
island of Majorca with the now
hospitalized migrant woman and the two
lifeless bodies they say politics came
before humanitarian assistance the
rescue group says it was denied proper
help which made their four-day journey
across the Mediterranean longer than
needed both Italy and Malta refused to
let us disembark the corpses on the
ground they only wanted to take charge
of the woman's medical evaluation but
they did not accept the bodies the
Libyan Coast Guard denies the
accusations it says it rescued 165
migrants in that same area last week
without leading anyone on board but the
rescue team insists this case has
broader political implications it's
unthinkable for a country of the
European Union for my country to finance
the Libyan Coast Guard which we can
testify leaves people alive in the
middle of the sea and is responsible for
homicide a desperate journey with a
tragic end that's claimed the lives of
so many migrants now a call for
political action when humanitarian help
alone is not enough
Katya Lopez of a young al Jazeera
