for more than 30 years Jamal khashoggi
enjoyed a privileged position within the
Saudi royal circle in large part echoing
the kingdom's views but also taking
risks operating from within to push the
boundaries when it came to reform that
risk-taking would eventually draw the
anger of the kingdom's heir apparent
khashoggi the one-time insider crossing
the red line
he'd so skillfully tread in the past
daring to criticize the Crown Prince
Mohammed bin Salman I still see him as a
reformer but he is gathering all power
within his hand and it would be much
better for him to allow a breathing
space for critic for thoroughly
intellectuals or early writers through
the media to debate the most important
needed transformation going in the
country
Ashok G's past wasn't without
controversy an advisor to Saudi
intelligence chief Turki al-faisal
helping Saudi intelligence in
Afghanistan alongside the Mujahideen and
Osama bin Laden an advocate of political
Islam through the Muslim Brotherhood but
he also championed reforms even praised
the crown prince for enacting them but
last year he went into self-imposed
exile in the United States for comments
that angered the Saudi leader Holly Josh
and seen here with the missing
journalists last year has known and
worked with khashoggi for at least 30
years he was not necessarily a dissident
I I disagree with that description he
was a loyal Saudi citizen he had his own
vision of what the country should be
doing the type of freedoms it needs the
type of reform it needs and maybe in the
final analysis that's what got him in
trouble
Jamal Haji hasn't been seen for two
weeks in that time the world's attention
has turned to the activities of the
kingdom and more broadly the Arab world
the Haji questioned all their
governments virtually do anything they
want with their citizens they put them
in jail they denied them work sometimes
they take away their citizenship of that
process of widespread continuing deep
autocracy and abuse of power across the
Arab world is not addressed than
the depth of German adultery will be
doubly tragic chacha-ji a Saudi
journalist with a platform a columnist
for The Washington Post regular spots
and US and international TV channels
almost 2 million followers on Twitter
that someone so high-profile could
vanish without a trace is shocking it
will also have a chilling effect on
those who wish to follow his example
Dora Jabari al Jazeera
