the price of one of America's best-known
exports is pretty much the same wherever
you go but in Iran the falling value of
the local currency the real means what
someone here might have paid for a
smartphone last year has doubled a
thousand dollars in Iran now costs twice
as much electronics is just one sector
feeling the effects of American foreign
policy Iranian safe from food to clothes
to rent sanctions have made everything
more expensive I see that purchasing
power of people has been reduced a lot
inflation is going up rapidly
instability of the dollar price has
caused tension in the market and it
causes problems for everybody I think we
need a change in our economic
administration this change could help
our economy the Iranian president's
chief of staff said last week a
reshuffle was in the works to bring new
faces into the federal cabinet to deal
with economic issues but experts say
years of economic uncertainty have
created such a negative business
atmosphere that no one seems to know how
to turn things around a common saying in
Iran is that the price of the rial
always gets worse never better its value
has dropped so much in recent months
that many exchange companies have
stopped selling foreign banknotes just
to get a sense of how bad things have
gotten many Iranians compared the dollar
rate to what it was in 1979 when one
dollar costs seventy reals
now that price is nearly 80-thousand in
the decades since the Islamic Revolution
Iranian men and women aged 30 or under
have become the largest segment of the
population many say they want to leave
Iran for a better future abroad
I'm concerned about whether I can afford
rent and food in this expensive city as
a students I shouldn't have these
worries I should have enough money to
focus on my studies and pocket is empty
and I'm very worried about what to do I
think the cause of these problems is
mismanagement
it is said it's because of sanctions but
I think that's just one part of the
problem while US president Donald Trump
is blamed for many of Iran's problems
Iranians say their leaders should have
seen him coming government leaders said
the signing of the 2015 nuclear deal was
the light at the end of the tunnel but
for many Iranians that light turned out
to be a train Zen bus ravi al jazeera
Tehran
