Coffee anon and other well-known faces
were banned from Zimbabwe by Robert
Mugabe ten years ago a lot has happened
since then the army forced Mugabe from
power last year his replacement
president Emerson minagawa is preparing
for the general election on July the
30th despite an attempt on his life
our people included never heeded our
call for non-violence yes there was an
incident in blow iron but that was
intended to assassinate to me not
democracy and I was leading a high
profile election observer team known as
the elders who are assessing
preparations and and also made the main
opposition leader Nelson chime Issa he
says he's worried the ruling Saenuri
Party is planning to manipulate voter
numbers by tampering with ballot papers
mr. minagawa is not complaining because
he's a beneficial in fact is a core
perpetrator of these transgressions so
that's why he's taking an arrogant
position but his failing provide
leadership because he's planting this
country into instability and this is why
we feel that is being reckless and we
really feel is regrettable
the ruling party denies the fraud
allegations made by the opposition more
than 5 million Zimbabweans have
registered to vote 60% of them are under
50 year olds who could determine whose
ababbas next president will be President
Emerson Managua hoax international
observers who are here for the first
time since 2002 will say elections were
free and fair it could give him
credibility and in the country's
economic isolation the results of the
parliamentary and presidential elections
have to be announced within five days of
polling day meaning here and elsewhere
are keenly awaiting those results
wondering what the new-look Zimbabwe is
like after Mugabe her Matassa al Jazeera
Paradis
