hello I'm Sammy say Dan this is counting
the cost on al Jazeera your weekly look
at the world of business and economics
this week stronger growth prospects for
sub-saharan Africa but a big trade
challenge is looming also this week
airplanes and e-commerce and flying
sports cars the world's second biggest
aviation trade show gets underway plus
the world's first habitable 3d printed
houses the newest technology causing a
stir in the construction industry well
this week the International Monetary
Fund upgraded its growth outlook for
sub-saharan Africa in 2019 citing a
recovery in Nigeria Africa's most
populous country is recovering from its
worst contraction in a quarter of a
century that's thanks to rising prices
for commodities like oil and there's a
positive contagion effect in an update
to its World Economic Outlook report the
IMF said the sub-saharan region as a
whole now is expected to grow 3.8
percent in 2019 that's up nought point
one percent compared with April's
forecast but there was also a warning
about the impact of tit-for-tat tariffs
the United States has initiated trade
actions affecting a broad group of
countries and faces retaliation or
retaliatory threats from China the
European Union its NAFTA partners and
Japan among others our modelling
suggests that if current trade policy
threats are realized and business
confidence Falls as a result global
output could be about 0.5 percent below
current projections by 2020 President Xi
Jingping of China is in Africa this week
he'll pass through Senegal and Rwanda
before heading to South Africa and the
BRICS summit in Johannesburg Africa
plays a key role in cheese Belton
plan and China is Africa's largest
trading partner if Chinese made products
are hit with us tariffs there could be a
knock-on effect
Africa's share of global exports is low
making up just 2.4 percent of total
global exports two-thirds of sub-saharan
imports our finished products and
products shipped out to the rest of the
world are dominated by raw materials
Africa's current internal trade is low -
well my next guest is the group's CEO of
Echo Bank which has a presence in over
30 African countries joining me now from
London is at am a good to have you with
us sir so first of all how would the
global trade war impact the continent I
think every war is not so good but from
an African point of view we have very
focused on how we can ensure that we
continue to participate in global trade
both the inbound to a continent they are
banned from our continent we're very
focused on what we can do to make sure
that we continue to trade trade at the
same level if giants like the u.s. the
EU China are all coming down on each
other with tariffs that slows down
international trade I'm sure they will
find a way to work it out
what we like rather focus on in what we
can do to ensure we continue to improve
the lot of our people especially trading
among ourselves in the African continent
the intra African trade is very low we
very focus on ensuring that because of
the distribution of resources worth and
capabilities across the continent we
want to focus on being able to trade
among us a first and it's only when we
can improve their ability to trade among
ourselves and I'm sure you know within
the continent we are signing the
inter-african trade continent a free
trade area to make sure that as a
continent we can continue to address
ourself as a single market I think that
is the single biggest opportunity in
front of us
we need to realize for us give us a few
more details about the potential of
inter Africa trade to overcome the
problem of reliance and exporting
commodities in particular if you think
about this so if you look at it South
Africa and southern Africa South Africa
is the most developed technologically in
the continent therefore it should be
possible for us to export raw materials
from the southern Africa to get produced
in South Africa if you look at the rest
of the West African country and East
African countries are not African
countries there are no of expertise if
we ensure that the market is available
for everybody to participate to ensure
that industries can be looked located in
all these countries so from our point of
view we now see an opportunity to have a
billion people very billion people that
is close to the population of India now
trading among ourselves
ensure that we can have much more faster
growth than we used to have and wealth
can be disputed to the base of the
economy than it used to be oh it's a
noble vision indeed thanks so much are
they I am if you're sharing it with us
thank you
still to come on counting the cost this
is the world's largest air-conditioned
open-air arena we'll take a look at
cutters winter World Cup preparations
now in full swing
but first tech Titan Google vows to
fight back after being slapped with a
record 5 billion dollar fine by the
European Union the EU says the tech
giant used its Android operating system
to cement the dominance of its search
engine
sonnig a go explains a three-year
investigation and a record 5 billion
dollar fine a steep penalty for Google
accused by the European Union of abusing
its power as it cornered an entire
sector in the phone market Google has
engaged in illegal practices to cement
its dominant market position in
Internet's search it must put an
effective end to this contact within 90
days or face penalty payments at the
heart of the issue is Android the tech
giant's operating system for mobile
phones used in more than 80% of the
world's smartphones it is essential to
Google's future revenues the European
Commission found Google had blocked
competition by forcing phone makers to
pre install services such as its search
engine and map software as a condition
of using its operation system it also
payed phone manufacturers incentives if
they installed Google search without
rival services the case would seem to
prove the point that there's no such
thing as a free lunch
when tech giants come bearing gifts and
Google is finding out to its cost it's
having to concede this is already the
case in countries such as China and
Russia now the French government has
welcomed the decision to stop it from
squeezing out any rivals suger Google
will have to change their practices in
terms of licensing of the vyas Android
software and applications that in turn
will have a considerable impact on their
commercial policy Google has said it
will appeal against the decision it may
only be a fraction of its revenue but
the real challenge will be if the EU
forces it to change its future behavior
the European Union and Japan have sealed
a deal to eliminate nearly all tariffs
on products they trade the bilateral
pact
covers a third of the global economy and
markets of more than 600 million people
it was agreed in principle last year but
was officially signed this week amid
growing international trade tensions
it means Japanese can enjoy cheaper
European exports such as cheese and if
you live in the EU Japanese cars will
become cheaper what's been dubbed the
cars for cheese deal is likely to come
into force next year the first
commercial flight from Ethiopia to
Eritrea in 20 years has landed safely
this week drawing a line on the years of
conflict hundreds of people boarded the
flight to us Mara hoping to reunite with
family they had been separated from
during decades of war hammer data
reports from Addis Ababa dignitaries
journalists and businessman poured what
Ethiopian Airlines calls it's bad of
peace it's the first flight from Addis
Ababa to the Eritrean capital as Mara
this century we are and the fact that we
are the airline operated two flights
within 15 minutes of each other because
of overwhelming demand the majority
onboard are people separated from their
families by the border war which began
in 1998 I don't have words to tell how
we caught up with that this alum had go
a journalist with the state media as he
packed his bags he was separated from
his Eritrean wife and two total
seventeen years ago she was forced to
flee after being sacked from her
government job in Ethiopia because of
her nationality I will believe this is
not a dream when I land in Asmara I'd
never imagined the possibility of peace
between Ethiopia and Eritrea during my
lifetime the weight and lack of
communication with my family was painful
I felt like I had an incurable disease
Asmara becomes the 115
four Ethiopian Airlines which was also
announced because a quiet 20% of the
little known Eritrean Airlines the road
linking the two countries is also been
renovated before vehicles are allowed to
fly again Eritrea has agreed to grant
access to its ports a boon for Ethiopia
which lost its main route to the sea
with the outbreak of the war 20 years
ago if we started connecting our
populations we have a big market in
Eritrea by some token regions would tap
the opportunist in Ethiopia so it's all
hope that the opening of the port and
the relaunching the opinion lines to
asmara would further strengthen the
economy ties between the pin editor
Hindu ties with its much larger neighbor
with a population of more than 100
million people also raises the prospect
of revival for Eritrea's ailing economy
many are now hoping the tricky exercise
of demarcating the disputed border will
go as quickly and smoothly as the
process to normalize relations and
Ethiopia air said it's in talks to help
Nigeria create a national flag carrier
the Government of Nigeria unveiled the
name of the proposed new airline this
week
Nigeria air Nigeria hasn't had a
national carrier in over a decade and
there are likely to be other parties
interested in taking stakes that's just
one of the stories from the Farnborough
air show which is taking place in the UK
this week this is the world's second
largest air show after Paris it's where
the aerospace industry comes to talk
business
another big talking point at the show
was air freight u.s. plane maker Boeing
kicked off this week's event with a 4.7
billion dollar deal to sell DHL Express
14 Boeing triple7 freighters joining us
now from London is Peter Morris chief
economist at flight Ascend good to have
you with us so it sounds like boeing is
cashing in on the air freight demand
increases is that what's going on well I
think inevitably when there's been a
whole flurry of orders in the last few
years that the number of orders are
going to be announced for Freight and
elsewhere
going to be limited but they certainly
have brought in a number of particularly
large freighter waters at this show now
I Arthur says global air freight demand
grew by 9% in 2017 that's more than
double the year before that what's
behind this increase that we're seeing
well you can look at the past or you can
look ongoing at the present and the
future and I think is important in any
kind of dynamic like Freight to take a
kind of watching brief on history
current and the future and I think that
the latest art IATA data is showing that
there was a slowing down to around four
percent of the first six months this
year so the restocking process that was
seen and saw an element of that in 2017
has kind of passed by and now when
you've got threats of global trade
slowdown and global trade confrontations
between major blocks there's definitely
a concern it's still looking positive
but it's declining rate of growth and
looking forward to the end of the year
talking about figures by the end of the
year maybe being no more than 2% so it
sounds like you're saying what we saw in
2017 was a bit of an exception not
something you'd expect to continue going
forward right yes if you look over the
last two decades or so you've seen air
freight growth at five six percent that
kind of figure but it's obviously
impacted by the trade cycle and GDP
growth and so you've seen these cycles
that have come through in air freight
and because air freight is a particular
kind of freight so in other words for
can more immediate restocking it tends
to be used and when people want
something they want it now so you see a
bit of a surge the other thing that's
interesting about air freight is of
course it only goes one way so that
where you have an imbalance a trade you
have an issue for the airlines of
filling up the plane both ways and then
the other side is that unlike passengers
Freight doesn't mind going the wrong way
around the world so the Middle East
carriers for example have been able to
develop a very significant market
between Asia and Europe for example that
doesn't fly direct
but provides the right service at the
right price so you know freights is
slightly different to the kind of trends
that you see on the passenger side
thanks so much now if you like me you
may struggle with printers at work but
with advances in technology and the
advent of 3d printing it's now possible
to print a building known in the trade
as additive manufacturing some say it
could change how we live and construct
homes so how does this all work
basically a three-dimensional design is
created using software that design is
then used to instruct a machine to
accurately print or place materials
together layer after layer until the
desired shape is achieved this kind of
tech has many uses but it gets
interesting when it comes to the
construction industry low-cost 3d homes
could even help end homelessness say
advocates of 3d printing was first
invented in the 1980s it's also known as
additive manufacturing and that's the
key bit it's a big leap forward in how
we make things we can now print things
like houses spare parts for planes and
can also all of that can be created on
demand now it's even possible to use
this kind of printer to make clothes
there are also multiple uses in the
medical industry it's a radical change
to the way we create things and some say
it could even revolutionize the way
global goods are manufactured as the
technology improves complex products can
be made anywhere helping smaller firms
compete with big multinationals and if
those predictions are true there are
implications for global economics and
trade more decentralized and localized
production means less need to transport
things all around the world
well joining us now from Cambridge is
Simon Hart Simon is the senior
innovation lead for smart infrastructure
at innovate UK good to have you with us
Simon so first of all tell us how does
it work how do you print a house so 3d
printing in housing is is a relatively
new technology and it works much the
same as regular 3d printing
a a substrate a plastic a concrete is is
extruded in liquid form in layers and
these layers are built up until you get
the end product that you're looking for
but I guess it's not the sort of pretty
definitely not the sort of printer I
have in the office how complex a set of
machinery and infrastructure are we
talking about when it comes to printing
homes
well actually the technology is actually
relatively mature in smaller scale so
small-scale 3d printers have been
available even for domestic use for many
years now what you're doing with a with
a large scale 3d printer is really
extending the scale and the size of that
3d printer but there's a fundamental
difference is that domestic 3d printers
will typically use plastic they will
heat up the plastic till it becomes a
liquid and then print that liquid in a
line they wait for it to cool and then
print the next layer now with with
houses if you if you're using a concrete
for example you have to wait for that to
set or to become solid before you go to
the next layer so whilst the the
similarities are there with with
domestic 3d printing it's actually a lot
more complex to do this for with
structural materials such as required to
build a house it sounds a little more
complex than would it be a solution for
developing countries for crisis hit
areas then that's one of the potential
applications because whilst the
technology is available to do this the
actual end product is relatively simple
it is only able to put into print one
particular type of material at a time so
whereas most domestic houses that we
know of have layers of outer walls
insulation then inner walls 3d printed
house typically only has one wall facing
made out of the same material now whilst
that is good because it can be developed
quickly it is maybe not so good for from
the mainstay of homes so it actually
suits itself quite well to particularly
disaster areas or developing nations
where the houses can be built very
rapidly and built with the minimum of
skills
because all you actually need is a
skilled people to to maintain the
printer you're not looking at hiring
hundreds and hundreds of bricklayers
which in itself is quite a skilled job
and of course a 3d printer can run 24/7
whereas bricklayers can't do that maybe
about is it producing something at the
end of X we're talking about homes where
people are going to live right is it
going to produce something that's
reliable that's you know do we know how
it will be impacted by environmental
factors over time and so on well that's
what the challenge is so 3d printing
begin in the construction industry is
quite a new technology whereas
traditional build bricks mortar concrete
we've used those for hundreds and
hundreds of years so we know that
technology is lots of history and proof
in different climate zones in different
climate types 3d printing is relatively
new so that testing is yet to be done I
think one of the challenges here
particularly is the longevity the
durability of 3d printed structures
particularly in areas of harsh climates
extremes of heat extremes of cold
flooding or even earthquakes does this
have the potential to radically change
and lower production costs and
revolutionize the whole concept the
basis of production of scale and
economies of scale ultimately over a
long period yes it does but we have got
a long way to go bearing in mind the the
digitization of the construction
industry's own you really happen over
the last few years so if you take that
we're unlikely let's say the automotive
industry or the aerospace industry that
have been using computer design and
robotics and simulation for many many
years construction has only really
started on that journey fairly recently
but I think if you fast-forward 10 20
years you'll certainly see this this big
intervention with the use of robotics 3d
printing machine learning and higher
higher intelligence artificial
intelligence on the construction site to
improve the quality improve the output
so what does that mean absolutely their
human dimension that smaller companies
perhaps even individuals can now produce
what economically produce things that
were you know you could
by from large corporations well that's
the interesting part of this technology
is it actually is a great leveler so
robotics being available relatively
cheaply to a great number of people does
have the ability to transform the way
the industry operates but it's still
part of a structural mix and a
structural transformation of the
industry that is in progress
fascinating globalization comes full
circle a thanks so much for your
thoughts on that thank you
and finally the World Cup in Russia is
now over but all eyes are on the next
house Qatar as they prepare for the
tournament in 2022 the Gulf country will
host the first World Cup in the Middle
East Johnny Gosch Oscar went behind the
scenes to take a look at how
preparations are going it may not look
that impressive but this piece of
concrete is the spots where the Qatar
2022 World Cup will kick off it can also
be seen as symbolic of this country's
solid determination to make this
tournament a success as it enters the
second year of a blockade imposed on it
by its Gulf neighbours initially that
prevented some construction material
from getting into Qatar but organisers
now say that all eight stadiums are on
schedule with all of them ready two
years before the World Cup kicks off
frankly speaking it hasn't affected
construction on the site there were
materials originally sourced from the
blockading countries however those are
not the only sources of material in the
world there are plenty of other
alternatives and we quickly diverted our
sourcing to other places the world and
other shipping routes and got things
back on track instantly so no factory
lasalle stadium over here will host both
the opening game and the final and when
it's finished in around two years time
it will seat around 80,000 spectators
now with the tournament being moved to
December
it also means those fans will avoid the
kind of summer heat that we're
experiencing today as part of its
winning bid cats are promised to take
apart many of the stadiums at the end of
the World Cup and send sections to
developing countries to help them grow
the game
of course that's only part of the legacy
Qatar's leaders and world cup organisers
are still hoping football can bring this
region closer together football always
has a has a way of bringing people
together sport in general does look when
it comes to the to the point of view of
the state of Qatar we haven't stopped
anybody from entering Qatar we aren't
the ones that have taken a decision to
cut ties or to blockade anybody all fans
are welcome fans from the blockading
countries are welcome I really hope
above everything else that people will
walk away with the true sense of what
our hospitality is Middle Eastern
hospitality is unique and it goes above
and beyond in all regards and I really
hope that people will think of that when
they come I'm fairly confident that they
will so while the next global festival
of football will make history in the
arab world it also comes with its own
unique set of political goals and that's
our show for this week but remember you
can get in touch with us via Twitter use
the hashtag a JCTC when you do or drop
us an email counting the cost at al
jazeera dotnet is our address there's
more for you on line at aljazeera.com /
CTC that will take you straight to our
page which has individual reports links
and the entire episodes for you to catch
up on
that's it for this edition of counting
the cost time Sammy say then from the
whole team here now thanks for joining
us Newton aljazeera is next
