protesters face off with security forces
in Baghdad although a smaller gathering
than seen in the last two weeks in the
South Iraq it's still a significant
number for the capital showing
solidarity with protesters in the South
more than true but we came out to
protest the injustice and lack of job
opportunities for the unemployed the
government isn't listening to us even
with a small amount of people involved
we will continue to protest this time
it's make-or-break for us the protesters
broke free of a barbed-wire cordon set
up by the Federal Police the protest
spreading to the capital and then
nationwide is a concern for her arcs
leaders they say they are trying to beat
the protesters demands but they may not
be able to meet them in the short
timeframe these people want the
challenge for Iraq's government is
meeting the demands of the protesters
which include economic reforms and enter
corruption job creation and irregular
electricity supply the government's
looking for solutions they're open talks
at Saudi Arabia and a deals been struck
with Kuwait for energy supplies will it
be enough
Iraqis here say they will continue to
protest until all the demands are met
Imran Khan al Jazeera Baghdad
