hi I'm Malika Bilal and you're in the
stream today the global move to ban
single-use plastic straws is reaching a
fever pitch we'll take a look at why
this movement caught on so quickly and
who's most affected by it I'll be
looking out for your comments online at
AJ stream and of course we're live on
YouTube the history of straws officially
straws debuted in ancient Mesopotamia
where Sumerians guzzle beer through
straws of gold in the 1950s the rise of
the automobile brought with it fast food
and the desire for disposable dinner
with straws were officially yes cheaper
and easier to mass-produce plastic
straws were soon everywhere crazy strong
magic strong Slurpee straws and giant
straws to go with America's jumbo
thirsty billions of them are buried in
landfills and litter our planet every
year winding up in oceans no longer a
harmless small item straws are a giant
menace
but a ban on plastic straws may
potentially have a huge impact on the
disability community adversely affecting
health and quality of life of many some
need straws to drink because they are
unable to lift a cup to their mouths or
to regulate the amount of liquid being
ingested there are also allergy concerns
with alternatives and there's the issue
of access we have a lot to discuss today
so joining us on skype to do that
Christine thickener is a marine
conservation biologist show P choice ray
is senior communications officer at
break free from plastic lawrence
carter-long is director of
communications for the disability rights
education and defense fund and do knives
is executive director of lonely whale
whose organization launched the stop
sucking campaign welcome to the stream
everyone I want to start our
conversation with a video that many
point to as the impetus behind the
influx of plastic straw bands that we're
seeing now in the US and elsewhere and
in note our viewers this may be hard to
watch so this is the reason why we do
not need plastic straws she's bleeding
from her shoulders it looks in the video
looks as if it's all coming out of her
nose
man show me show me please so hard to
watch I was watching this morning and I
had to cover my eyes slightly to see the
full video our community feels similarly
this is Flavia on Twitter who says that
2015 video of the sea turtle with the
straw in its nose clearly made an impact
the good thing is it made people
seriously examine their reliance on
single-use plastics so Kristine you shot
that video you are among the group who
are with that sea turtle and today we
now have companies from McDonald's to
Starbucks phasing out the use of plastic
straws why do you think it is that this
movement caught on so fast well I think
the video was very emotional I think you
saw the suffering of a creature and
which a lot of people react to and it's
very obvious that it was suffering from
an item that we use in every in our
everyday life so I think that is
probably the reason why I had such a
huge impact and made hopefully a lot of
people requested other plastic users
mm-hmm dude what did that video do for
you do you remember where you were when
you saw it and why you felt so lonely
well when we started looking at the
issue of a plastic pollution and we
looked at all the single-use items out
there we kept coming back to this straw
as a potential way in to raise awareness
about plastic pollution at large and and
that that turtle video certainly did
have an impact I think it's always hard
to see an animal in the wild being hurt
by something that was man-made that it's
the result of our carelessness you know
somebody had that straw for 15 minutes
maybe they had that straw for two hours
and they couldn't find a way to get it
into the trashcan and so instead it made
its way out into the water but it's
really indicative of the larger plastics
crisis that we have on our hands right
now that we need to really deal with and
in part likely why you started this
campaign I pulled this up on my screen
here lonely whale hash
stop sucking on plastic straws share
this video as your pledge and challenge
your friends to do the same like to
share with our audience what that video
looks like
let me see you move that body
so dude it's catchy
clearly tell us about the thinking
behind this campaign and and the idea of
the octopus smacking straws out of
celebrities hands well it's it's funny
you know I think it's part of what we
were really going after is is doing
something that really sparked a
conversation and woke people up a little
bit I mean if you remember two years ago
even with the turtle video very few of
us were actually talking about plastic
pollution it was very little coverage in
the media we weren't really talking
about it and we thought you know there's
a lot of people out there who's stuck on
single-use plastic straws every day that
don't need them and we need to we need
to focus in on them I will share early
on one of our targets in our hearts was
if we could just get Kim Kardashian to
stop sucking then maybe we can actually
talk about just her friend just called
her out I think it was today or
yesterday for sucking but with
single-use plastic water bottles in
single-use plastic straws that she and
her family don't need and so why do they
promote you know conscious consumerism
or conspicuous consumerism so much so
that was really our intent behind the
campaign is make it playful and raise
awareness so that we can really culture
hack pop culture mm-hmm I love that idea
and we did see our team here that she
did talk about it on her Instagram story
so there is that I want to bring in
another voice so that many people in the
abled community may not have thought
about when they think about straws and
the straw band and we're actually
hearing from a lot of people in the
community of people with disabilities
this is a video comment that we got that
I'd like to play from Matthew Shapiro
he's a public speaker here in Richmond
Virginia and this is what he told the
stream about this straw man as a person
with a disability I'm very frustrated by
the recent ban on plastic straws people
with disabilities need straws out in
their communities so that they can have
access to beverages and drink like
anyone else would and the alternatives
for these plastic straws don't always
work
I was recently
in South Africa and had a biodegradable
straw in one of my beverages and it
melted so it was somewhat harder to
drink that beverage and I am just overly
frustrated that once again the
disability community was not consulted
when it comes to solutions like this
because this does affect people with
disabilities and I really want us to
come up with the solution to this straw
issue that will make life easier rather
than harder for people with disabilities
Loren's there's a hashtag online that
goes along with this it's ableism sucks
playing on the stop sucking and campaign
what do you think is the biggest impact
on the community of people with
disabilities well I think it's really
what a process and participation when
we're talking about large-scale issues
like this in big cities like Seattle the
question we have to ask is who was
involved in those conversations who was
left out of those conversations who was
consulted and who wasn't if you're not
consulting people with disabilities then
you're not going to be learning from our
experience or expertise and the insights
that we have and that's really the
biggest issue here I think that this
whole controversy could have been
avoided if the right people with
disabilities had been asked about this
issue before it became a controversy
rather than after the fact and so now
what we're seeing is in cities like
Seattle we're having to go in and clean
up the mess they made by not talking to
us first in New York City they're
rewriting the laws now to include the
concerns of people with disabilities and
actually looks like they're going to
make it mandatory to include options
that people with disabilities can use
including plastic straws and in other
places like San Francisco just down the
road from me here they've got a
provision there that allows for plastic
straws for people with disabilities or
medical needs but no mandate saying that
plastic straws are should be made
available or must be made available for
people that need them so when we're
making these decisions we can't put an
undue burden on people that are already
burdened you know people with
disabilities already have to think ahead
three times four times how are they
going to take the bus is the BART going
to work
how are they going to get to that
restaurant we don't want to make sure
that we're adding more of a burden on
them by saying oh you also have to carry
your own straw absolutely it's
absolutely great to meet you break free
from plastic is a global movement of
1,300 NGOs and we fully agreed that
progress on plastic pollution should not
come at the expense of the disabled
community in fact we look very forward
to working more closely with you one of
our member organizations Greenpeace and
others like lonely whale are also
actively engaging the disability
community as all environmental NGOs
should we believe that governments and
corporations have plenty of resources to
come up with options that provide the
disabled community with what they need
will fall also tackling the plastic
pollution crisis and in the meantime
absolutely restaurants and cafes should
have a limited number of plastic straws
upon request yeah that's right I think
that really the evolutions are pretty
simple it's if you don't eat a plastic
straw by all means don't use one if you
can use a reusable straw use it if you
need a plastic straw they should be made
available what I'd like to get here from
new folks which I think would put
people's minds at ease is a guarantee
that you're gonna go to those local
cities where these bans are being
initiated and you're going to talk to
the protection and advocacy groups
you're going to talk to the Independent
Living Centers you're going to talk to
people on the ground and say we'll be
including people in this community in
this decision before the decision is
made I think that would go a long way in
building those alliances and allegiances
that we need and and Laurance it's
really I'm so glad that this movement is
bringing this this conversation to light
so we've I admittedly I you know I think
I feel like as a small organization we
could have done more in reaching out to
the disability community early on we do
have a few members of the disability
community with cerebral palsy with MS
with Md with autism even stroke victims
that we've consulted with really early
on and and it's single handedly every
single time they've said what we really
need is we need a single-use plastic
straw we I haven't heard until recently
the bendability as a really key feature
that is needed to be included and so all
of our training materials with all
restaurant tours with bar
tenders hotels airlines you name it
includes a inclusive section where we
talk a lot about the disability
community make sure you have an ample
supply on hand and then we're not a
policy organization but we work with
NGOs that really do look at policy as a
solution we're firm believers that the
market leads the way and so in working
with those policy makers and those
organizations we've encouraged them to
include a provision in the policy
language for the disability community
we've advocated on behalf of the
disability community in our testimony in
New York City in San Francisco and and
so we we're not experts we can't speak
from the place that you can speak from
but we'd really love not only to work on
this with you for straws but all
single-use plastic items because this is
a this is a movement that's underway and
there's no reason why we can't address
the needs of the disability community
and environmental needs at the exact
same time I firmly believe it and so
we're we're totally in so guess I want
to jump by here just because I want to
bring in our community and I hate to
have to pause this very vivid
conversation we're having but I want to
bring in the people that are watching
this is an anecdote I will share it's a
it's a three-part anecdote so on the one
hand you have HD floors saying why not
use a metallic reusable straw so there's
one suggestion from a member of our
community Robert here says how do you
clean them after use if your Park insist
means in Parkinson's means you shake so
much you can no longer right hold a cup
or dress yourself so there's one
pushback to why people are not just
using certain alternatives but then we
got this via YouTube live Rahil says I
already have metal straws and reduce my
plastic waste but honestly I believe we
should ban fishing before we ban straws
especially banning straws that affects
people with disabilities so Christine I
want to bring you in here on this
because so many people have pointed out
online in other places that straws are
just the low-hanging fruit here there
are other bigger issues that we need to
be aware of and they absolutely not
incorrect about it but and I think the
plastic issue is so overwhelming really
big by now that putting the lever at
just one play
is not enough at this point anymore so
yes I mean I'm a marine biologist so I
know what efforts we make to try to
improve the fishing gear that is getting
lost at sea but it's not only the
plastics oh and actually you know I
would say even numbers my turtle for
example equally affected by plastic bags
and other items that we use you know at
home and not by fishing line so I think
really that I'm coming from a
conservation conservationist point of
view every time you're trying to
implement change especially in the face
of you know and a new species or the
environment you will always meet people
that come from a disadvantaged point and
it's really difficult for one person to
put yourself in your shoes because you
know you don't have those problems so
for example I work with people that are
just really poor and of course for them
it's difficult you know to buy different
things different fishing gear for
example and and I think it's sometimes
not intentionally that we excluding
groups and become one to do that but
it's all about coming back together
sitting down at a table and discussing
the options without going back in time
and actually repeating the same errors
for example you know continue to use
plastics but it's not really necessary
and shouldn't be done anymore I go ahead
and select Lawrence yeah I think it's
also important you know I don't just
want to put the burden on environmental
groups or NGOs or advocacy organizations
Seattle Public Utilities is a city
agency and they didn't make any
significant outreach to the disability
community they they said in September
2017 they had an informal Advisory
Committee but won't answer anybody's
questions about who they talk to
I reached out to the people in Seattle I
asked and I heard they didn't talk to
their own disability policy Commission
nor to Disability Rights Washington nor
to the art nor to open doors for
multicultural families or to the
Alliance of people with disabilities and
so we've got to go back to the lawmakers
who are making these decisions people
are proposing these bills and make sure
that they're reaching out the yes
ability can be as well so I want to
share this based on what you're saying
there Lawrence this is a tweet that's
made the rounds from Spoony warrior who
says
how the great straw debate should have
gone band straws disabled folks some of
us depend on straws and can't use
alternatives a band could kill us abled
band balloons instead we got you're just
selfish don't you care about the planet
fakers
try harder so we got a video comment
from someone who thinks along those same
lines and explains to us why some of
these alternatives won't work this is
Andrea and do not all direct this to you
as a full-time wheelchair user with
significant muscle weakness
I need plastic straws in order to access
beverages the proposed alternatives are
not viable options because they propose
other concerns for example paper straws
disintegrate and metal straws are
difficult to clean independently in
short banning plastic straws is an
assault on my independence soon taking
that in mind what went wrong in Seattle
and what would you have done differently
so when we first spoke with Seattle
Public Utility is it was about it maybe
a couple of weeks before we launched our
Australis in Seattle campaign and maybe
it was maybe it was three three weeks
before we launched the Australis in
Seattle campaign and and really it was
to say hey we just wanted to let you
know that we're launching this campaign
here's everybody who signed up is there
anything that we should know about and
then about a week into the campaign is
when they lift the exclusion on the rule
which does allow for compostable plastic
straws which tend to act exactly like
plastic straws now some of those
compostable plastic straws are made from
corn and have somebody who has pretty
severe food allergies and very sensitive
to those who have food allergies so I
don't know if that is a viable
alternative for everyone it probably is
not it but given the feedback that we
had received already from folks in the
disability community it seemed like the
compostable plastic straws were going to
be good and that was after doing a test
like I love her video and I love her
comment paper straws disintegrate
especially I mean it doesn't matter if
you're able door disabled paper straws
unless you use there's only one that
could potentially work even in the abled
community they're not a great
alternative bamboo are expensive bamboo
are hard to hold
old I can't use a stainless-steel straw
it actually breaks the teeth of some
members of the cerebral palsy community
with the silicon tip it could work a
little bit better but glass straws
you know and all of those are really
difficult to clean it doesn't matter if
you're able to disabled it they're just
difficult to work with I mean it's so
it's it's hard to think about those as
viable alternatives but a they're not
really viable alternatives that they're
not really you know and if they're not
usable one size doesn't fit all that's
really the problem here so if you have a
condition like Parkinson's disease or
you're a stroke survivor you might have
difficulty controlling your bike right
so you're not going to want to bite into
the glass straw or you can't a metal
straw you could break your teeth paper
as she said turns to mush and so until
we have an option and I think we can get
there by working together that that is
more workable that can work for more
people plastic toys are simply going to
be an option for a necessary option for
the majority of disabled people and
that's why I'm again we have to be part
of that conversation
New York is rewriting its proposed law
because disabled people got involved
that's because the people in New York
got embarrassed because they didn't
include us here we are
29 years after the passage of the
Americans with Disabilities Act we're
going to have a thousand people at the
National Council on independent living
conference marching on Washington DC
tomorrow on Tuesday July 24th to say
let's not take steps backwards let's
make sure that people with disabilities
are included on every conversation we
are saying in the disability rights
movement that says nothing about us
without us I love that you just be sure
nothing without us period like I would
agree with that Lawrence I definitely
agree with that I wanted to share with
our audience in case they're wondering
what this huge stick is on my table this
is a bamboo straw trying to do my part I
love straws I don't need them but I like
them and so I am trying it out it's not
my favorite so far I will say but I want
to shift the conversation a little bit
to corporations and what they are doing
about this she'll be I pulled up this
year from the start
so newsroom McDonald's joined Starbucks
and closed-loop partners as founding
member of initiative two in cup waste
Starbucks says that straws are out lids
are in they've announced environmental
milestone you can see their new lids
that people have criticized and they
also sent us a statement directly to
al-jazeera here at the stream Starbucks
says that they are committed to
continuing to offer straws to customers
who need them or request them in their
stores but that sustainability it's part
of their DNA and has been for thirty
plus years she'll be you're writing a
letter to CEOs why what do you think
about this
yeah well the incredible attention to
straws is obviously a huge step forward
in the fight against plastic pollution
but banning straws can be an effective
mobilization tool for the public only if
it's connected to the broader plastic
pollution lifecycle then since much of
our wait is to an even recycled plastic
waste is coming from the global north
and ending up in cities and towns across
Southeast Asia so many of us that break
free from plastic we're sort of
scratching our heads when Starbucks
decided to ditch the straws only to
replace them with the thicker plastic
lid so we need to be thinking bigger
bolder and also globally as we progress
on this issue while including the
disability community in these
conversations but straw bans alone are
not going to solve the problem Christine
yeah I think just listening to it and
coming again from a from a Sciences
point of view I think you know wouldn't
be allowed ourselves to just sometimes
take a step backwards and look at all of
what's happening I think you know social
justice is very important but in the
broader scheme of things none of this
actually matters if we don't have a
planet to live on right so I think we
really need to think of how we can and
very quickly solve this problem and that
means we have to not just say no it
shouldn't be a monoculture concerning
straws or plastic straws but I really
think we need to look at all the
unnecessary plastics that are there and
not
in operations such as Starbucks for
example an off-the-hook by just banning
straws and then putting you know a
bigger lid on the whole thing so we need
to follow up right and say hey okay this
was just the first step right so what is
your night
I think the follow up is important which
is why I know we will revisit this issue
on our show unfortunately that's all the
time we have for now thank you to all of
our guests for joining us today and to
our community which is where I will give
the last word
this is the last plastic straw to eating
in we are not for straw bands we are for
source reduction of single-use plastics
and exemptions for those who need them
the focus on plastic straws as part of
the bands is giving a much needed voice
to people with disabilities and we are
listening this conversation will
continue online we'll see you there
you
