my name is Rob Rogers I am an editorial
cartoonist now freelance from Pittsburgh
Pennsylvania I've been drawing
professionally for 34 years nine years
at the Pittsburgh Press and then 25
years the Pittsburgh post-gazette
editorial cartooning the purpose to me
is to be provocative and to
thought-provoking and to be edgy it's
meant to be a way to to get a point
across to continue a conversation about
a certain issue but also I think it's a
vehicle to point out injustice in the
past the publisher mostly stayed out of
the business of dictating what what I
would draw and actually so did so did
the editor in March of 2018 the
publisher promoted Keith Burris who is a
was the editorial page editor in Toledo
at our sister newspaper and so over the
last three months that I was there he
managed to kill 19 cartoons or ideas in
that short time and and a normal year
for me would be two or three never in my
all my 34 years of being a cartoonist
have I ever experienced the kind of
censorship that they were putting on me
the reason this is different is because
it it seems like it's influenced by the
politics of the day which is you know
Trump Trump telling everybody that you
know it's fake news or that or that the
the media is the enemy to have the
newspaper as the watchdog somebody that
it sort of keeps check on the people in
power is still very important and when
the people that run the newspaper decide
no we're going to give this guy a pass
and we're gonna write complimentary
things about him then that that becomes
very dangerous I plan to just continue
to draw and and to continue to try to
speak truth to power and to try to
afflict the comfortable I love my job
even though I don't have a newspaper
anymore I will continue to do it because
it it's something that I really believe
in
