forced to work against their will on any
given day across the world millions of
modern-day slaves toil in fields and
factories 70% of them are estimated to
be women and children the problem isn't
restricted to developing nations
according to the walk free foundation
researchers say despite strict laws
slavery is a growing problem in the
world's wealthy nations the numbers of
modern-day slavery are much higher in
rich developed countries like the United
States like the United Kingdom like my
home country Australia the numbers of
modern-day slavery in those wealthy
countries is much higher than we
previously understood the study also
says that North Korea is the slave
capital of the world
home to an estimated 2.6 million forced
laborers for this latest report 50
defectors were interviewed 49 of them
say they suffered some form of slavery
either as children or adults the thing
that sets them apart is that they don't
really understand what's being done to
them because they're told this is the
way to live this is just how things are
on the high street - the impact of
modern-day slavery is a growing issue
the walk free foundation say billions in
at-risk Goods that use forced labor are
flooding the market every single thing
that we buy has a positive or negative
impact on a human beings life when we
say the goods we buy we don't want to
abuse another person in the process
that's a wave that's coming and I think
that businesses really want to be on the
right side of it this report paints a
shocking picture of slavery across the
world its authors are urging businesses
and governments to prioritize human
rights and do more to address slavery in
supply chains but it's ordinary
consumers and those that don't live
beneath the threat of slavery that could
make a difference campaigners say urging
those in power to do more could at least
reduce the vulnerability to millions and
the gallic are al Jazeera at the United
Nations in New York
