it's a two-hour ride on a donkey for
some for most it's scaling up and down a
dusty rocky mountain or two during the
winter it's very cold and we don't have
time to get home before dark the walk is
the most difficult thing these are the
students of Elmont our school it's in a
Bedouin and refugee community east of
Jerusalem thirty-eight children are
trying to study here but the Minister of
Education admits the school doesn't meet
Palestinian or international standards
that is nothing good here
these lights are just for show there's
no electricity students climb over this
rickety bench to get into a classroom
the size of a bedroom I want computers a
microscope and a playground oh really
the purpose of Elmont our school is made
clear in science posted by the european
union which funded it to protect
Palestinians in the West Bank from
forcible transfer
according to UN figures this is one of
42 Palestinian schools in the West Bank
at risk of total or partial demolition
they've been built without obtaining
building permits from Israel and deemed
illegal however Palestinians say
obtaining those permits is almost
impossible we would not have accepted to
leave people with without the access to
the basic right which is education so we
have decided to go ahead and build these
schools Israel's Ministry of Defense
says in the last five years it is
granted nine permits for schools in the
West Bank one request for permission
were made by international NGOs Elmont
our school has spent half of its
two-year existence fighting a legal
battle to halt demolition I'm steadfast
and I'm not going anywhere
students often feel anxious and can't
focus to ease their fears the teachers
assure them if the Israelis demolished
the school their education will not stop
even if it means using a tent as a
classroom on top of the rubble Natacha a
guy named al Jazeera in the occupied
West Bank
