may 28th e Palestinians and Israelis
mark 70 years of conflict in the Middle
East
Israelis celebrating the opening of the
u.s. embassy in Jerusalem what a
glorious day remember this moment
Palestinians running for their lives
protesting against the Israeli blockade
on Gaza which has made their lives
unbearable in two months more than 100
Palestinians were killed by Israeli
snipers children paramedics journey
these people were shot in the back in
the head and limbs with live ammunition
Israel blamed Hamas Hamas terrorist
organization have sent that women and
their children as a ploy to hide their
true intentions these rallies however
seem to see the Palestinians as a
sideshow they're much more obsessed with
getting the world to focus on the
supposed threat from Iran you are why
I'm nanny hustling and I've come here to
the Oxford Union to go head-to-head with
Danny Ayalon who served as Israel's
Deputy Foreign Minister ambassador to
the United States and advisor to Prime
Minister's Sharon Barak and Netanyahu
I'll challenge him on whether Israel's
shooting of Palestinian protesters is
moral or legal and I'll ask him not only
about Iran's nuclear program but
Israel's own nuclear weapons tonight
I'll also be joined by Professor avi
slime the renowned Israeli British
historian Paul Charney chairman of the
UK Zionist Federation and Deanna boo to
the Palestinian lawyer and former
adviser to the PLO
ladies and gentlemen please welcome
Daniel currently he heads the truth
about Israel a zionist advocacy
organization Daniel on on May 14th of
this year the Israeli government
celebrated the 70th anniversary of your
country's independence at the opening of
the new US Embassy in Jerusalem I
believe you were there as well at that
event while over in Gaza on that same
day
Israeli army snipers killed 62
Palestinians in cold blood gunned them
down in full view of the world's
television cameras how do you justify
can you justify the killing of unarmed
Palestinian protesters journalists
paramedics kids well maybe no one can
justify killing innocent people but I'm
not sure this was the case 14th of May
there were you're right 62 persons were
killed they were pushed by their leaders
of the Hamas who by the way want to
destroy the State of Israel they were
using them as human shields as some of
them were behind them with bombs
incendiary Molotov and other things by
the way it is 62 Hamas itself confessed
the second day that out of the 60 250
we're active Hamas members all the rest
one I mean we call it in in a way which
I don't like collateral damage but we
have to look at who is responsible for
the death and the responsible is only
Hamas here's a question to you a hundred
and forty-three Palestinians at least
and the count keeps changing because
Israelis keep killing more have died
since March the 30 since the beginning
of the so-called great march of return
15,000 Palestinians let's just be clear
15,000 have been wounded 4,000 of them
according to the United Nations were
shot with live ammunition are you
telling us are you telling the Oxford
Union audience here the audience at home
that those 15,000 people were all
members of Hamas seriously marry I can
look at anyone here in their eyes and
say
Israel is doing its level best not to
kill anyone who is not involved it's
very important to know who is
responsible here because is it not there
is it not the responsibility of the
people pulling the trigger that's
normally no hope people well somewhere
and killed well how do you define
pulling the trigger if you have the
Hamas people man with a gun your aims at
a child okay we're in 50 meters away and
shoots him in the head what about what
about Palestinian terrorists were hiding
behind innocent people who are launching
question we feel thousands wounded how
many of them were either members of
Hamas / terrorists I do not know I know
that from the 62 and the 14th of may 50
were Hamas by their own admission on the
another because it hasn't been
investigation the facts are you got
there how much mail ship forms from
their bodies what's the power the facts
are that Hamas leadership sometimes at
gunpoint are sending those poor Hamas
will do those poor gazon people to the
borders now having the boy UN doesn't
say that human rights groups don't say
that about the shootings here even if
they were all members of Hamas even if
all 15,000 people are you do realize it
under international law and basic
morality
you can't shoot people for being members
of a group no matter what group it is
you can only shoot them when they pose
an imminent threat to were 15,000 people
posing an imminent threat to Israeli
snipers yes they were
yes they were I'll tell you how first of
all no to the Israeli snipers but
certainly to the Israeli kids and babies
and women and men who live in their own
territory
Hamas is sending their people it's not
just demonstration countless
Palestinians and the leaders have been
interviewed and I said we don't send
Mohammed yes go into the but they're all
liars are they just going to the blogs
of Hamas where they say the Jews are
signs of pigs in science of dog you're
now coaching them as a reliable source
that's my favorite we've so many
Israelis you're the first technology my
source is Hamas it is in ten years
during this course it is well because
all you have to do is to see what they
say we look at some facts rather than
your kind of dog whoa let me ask you
this what threat did resin on the jaw
twenty-one-year-old volunteer paramedic
who was shot while wearing a white
uniform in the chest a hundred metres
away from the fence what threat did she
pose to Israeli snipers wait a minute
this is something I really looked into
okay she glad someone yes she was having
an incendiary bomb and there is an
investigation by the IDF so she was a
threat but I have another question for
you why was she
why was she going enjoy a no-go zone
he's killing young people and she's a
paramedic no can you tell me how many
Israelis were killed by Palestinians
since March the 30th you know I didn't
check it but zero why you're the ones on
the road I want to ask why is it that no
Israeli was killed because the Israeli
government's elected democratically is
defending them
Hamas people no no they are sending them
to die and they are sending them to die
it's a constitution you keep saying they
were sent to their death as yes Israelis
have no agency you were forced to pull
the trigger you just shot them because
Hamas whispered in your ears that you
know you could choose not to kill people
at a fence who are just damaging a fence
allegedly as the UN the EU international
lawyers have said no other country
shoots people in this way in the back as
they're running away
maybe I'm sorry if I show some
impatience but it's not a human rights
situation it's an area in conflict it's
an armed even right you can do whatever
you want well there is no there is long
shoot nurses shoot kids listen listen
journalist ask you have our border you
have thousands of people stampeding all
over to your borders with knives in
their hands with bombs and you know that
you have kindergartens journalism there
were not thousands of people with bombs
that is a false statement Danny and you
know it out of these thousands it's
enough that one has a bomb okay you've
got thousands - what no no I know
getting somewhere no you were putting
words in my mouth I'm putting your own
words in your own mouth and thousands
went with knives
I'm saying that's not true do you stand
by that statement I you stand by that
extent I said something else I said even
if there was one there were a thousand
but even if there was one I say you were
wrong you say you missed 21 year old
nurse Roseann Angela had a bomb no
evidence of that I was video let me ask
you this yasser would suja journalist 30
years old shot in the stomach by an
israeli sniper he was 250 meters away
from the fence why was he knifed is he
CAD what now he carrying you can quote
hundreds of names if you look at them
individually I feel bad for them and for
their families even if they were coming
to her mad I'm asking how do you just
say killing us because because they came
with a harm intention if they were that
yes sir Albert Raja was not Hamas was a
journalist you shot him in the stomach
your country shot him in the stomach he
and you claiming it a hurtful intention
that's outrageous claim to make someone
who is dead with that it was absolutely
smearing the dead anyone who goes into a
war zone knows exactly what he's doing
what is it when they come and attack us
it's a war zone he wasn't attacking you
if you pull a gun
you tell you it's someone you shoot them
remember the Israeli military bragged on
Twitter we know where every bullet
landed Maddy you go around the circle to
the same point and the point is that we
have a border you know border territory
nonsense that you have a pole is absurd
Gaza is occupied territory I'm some
people they were living in an open-air
prison home and you're saying I beg to
differ Gaza European International
Criminal Court no every Western
government the International Committee
for the Red Cross says Gaza is being
treated with collective punishment the
view of the icy arson lady can ask a
question does ezel control Garza's
borders airspace and territorial waters
yes or no no no no really
Wow because I just come in say
bare-faced both know the things so
fishermen go beyond six miles he's get
shot they just imagine the bullets
hitting the misses peploe Cade is
because I'm glad you back is killing and
want to kill us and they say we want to
blot Israel off the map we don't want
any Jews there and this is the main
problem your former boss
leave him in Israel's current defense
minister of your new race now a touchy
issue
well is it to me is easier for my boss
he's also the current defense party
anymore a dependent please let it be he
said he said quote there are no innocent
people in the Gaza Strip to justify the
killings do you support that statement
listen I'm not in the government I do
not support Lieberman I do not support
many things he says I don't think that
they are not innocent people in Gaza
there are but they are subject to the
terror of Hamas and they are sending
them into the board and when generals
Vika Vogel former head of Southern
Command said in April if a child or
anyone else gets close to the fence his
punishment is death I brought that death
penalty for anyone who comes near a
fence I don't agree to that except if he
is holding Mohammed Ibrahim are you
before teen years old was not holding
any weapon Israeli sniper shot him in
the head did he deserve to die no one
deserves to die so what is really
shooting me unless they aim to kill he
wasn't aiming to kill so why was he shot
before I'm not sure if you look at the
if you look at the facts what are the
facts the family you don't there's no
transparent investigations you don't
know any international investigators in
and then you say trust you that the
nurse had a bomb and a 14 year old guy
was gonna kill a sniper I do trust the
Israeli military I do trust the Israeli
Supreme Court which is very much trusted
by all the world Israel is transparent
well I'm sorry I may say things which
may be inconvenient true they're also
not true but I'm here to speak the truth
let's go to our panel that we are
talking to you here in the video and da
naboo too is a Palestinian citizen
Israel is a human rights lawyer is a
former adviser to the PLO
would you concede that Hamas does have
some responsibility for the way in which
it runs Gaza for the way in which
incites attacks against Israel for some
of the deaths impact in the Gaza not
every choice Israel has made Israel's
always had an opportunity to choose
whether to kill these these people who
are were protesting or not to kill them
and they have deliberately chosen to
kill them the idea that somehow we are
all linked to Hamas that somehow we
because P
linked to Hamas that they are not human
beings is absolutely ridiculous he knows
very well that the only time that a
soldier can shoot as if that soldier
himself or herself is under imminent
threat there have been no Israeli
soldiers killed or injured it means that
what Israel's doing is deliberately
choosing to slaughter Palestinians
before I bring
Paul Charney is here from the Zionist
Federation of the UK former you served
in the idea of it when you see what's
going on in Gaza when you put yourself
in those positions of those Israeli
soldiers do you do you say you know what
they shouldn't have pulled a trigger on
those kids they weren't posing an
imminent threat fourteen-year-old boys
not a threat to me what do you say
actually as Danny does everyone could be
a threat so as an office in the IDF I
held myself to the highest regard and I
hope that they held me to the highest
regard no one in the Israeli army has
got has ever had in order to kill
civilians that's never happened I've
never been around to see it I've never
heard it happen on the other side of it
when Hamas tell Israel that we are here
to breach that border and come and kill
civilians we take them in Israel very
seriously that's the one thing you can
trust with Hamas breaching a border
breaching a board of any country is an
act of war
do not Oh Israel not to defend this of
it okay let's put that pointer let's put
that point to a V shrine a V shrine
prominent British Israeli historian
former professor here at Oxford
University
I wish like any other country would do
what Israel Israel has a right to defend
itself is what we hear I served in the
idea in the mid-1960s and I served
loyally and proudly because in my time
the idea was true to its name it was the
Israel Defense Force but after the June
1967 war everything changed Israel
became a colonial power and the IDF
became the brutal police force of a
brutal colonial power but there is
absolutely no self-defense justification
for Israel's brutal policies in Gaza
over the last eleven years a whole
series of war crimes were committed and
Israel continued to commit war crimes in
Gaza in every successive vicious assault
on the
problem the AVI points that you keep
saying you know Israel has a right to
defend itself Israeli families on a
trapeze but when you look at the numbers
over the last 10-15 years just alone the
ratio is phenomenal it's like Gazans who
have been killed not Israelis in their
thousands five hundred kids killed in
one summer bombardment the ratio speaks
of the ruthless cruelty of the Hamas
leaders so you don't take responsibility
for any death of any Palestinian
civilian because ultimately it's all
Hamas has fault always yes it is that's
a great get-out-of-jail-free card yes
yes it is I'm not saying that there are
no accidents which are deplorable but
the responsibility squarely lies with
Hamas Danny I want to ask you this
Israel prides itself on being a
democracy music supposedly the only
democracy in the Middle East yet in
recent years even Israel's own human
rights organizations are saying
democracy there is under assault from a
series of authoritarian racist far-right
laws Israel is a democracy rule of law
you know to our leaders were thrown into
jail and you know what it was an Arab
Israeli who threw the President of
Israel into jail when the Knesset the
Israeli Parliament passes the boycott
law which makes any Israeli organization
that calls for a boycott against
Israel's liable to be sued for damages
the Nakba law which cuts state funding
from any organization which marks the
country's Independence Day as a day of
mourning the NGO law which targets
quote-unquote foreign-funded human
rights organizations one parliamentarian
in Israel called it a semi fascistic law
that harms democracy and is reminiscent
of Putin's Russia
that's the Israeli politician speak of
course because in Israel you can say
anything and you cannot you know what no
one attacks the Israeli government more
than Israelis and Israeli newspapers
Israel is a democracy anybody can come
and go say and speaks what he wants
Reuven Rivlin who's the president of
Israel not a liberal conservative very
much Antti Palestinian state he says
Israel Israeli society is sick it is our
duty to treat this disease you don't
agree with him either I don't agree with
that but I see people saying is they mad
cause they are well they are concerned
they are entitled to their own own
concerns about Israel and they are
listen they speak subjectively it
doesn't mean that this is the objective
situation it's not that Israel is
perfect no country is let me get let me
give you example of something let me get
some
your time in office you were in
government under avid or Lieberman you
were his deputy foreign minister he was
foreign minister he and you wanted to
subject Israel's one and a half million
citizens of Palestinian citizens to an
oath of loyalty to Israel as a Jewish
state a proposal so controversial one
Minister at the time described it as
borderline fascist do you know that
every American I don't know how it is
here
pledge the law or the loyalty of
allegiance every day in school Americans
don't pledge allegiance to Christianity
they have a separation of we do you know
the proposal was you had to support
Israel as a Jewish state but you dasyam
is not only a religion it's an
originality
that's even worse we ask you to pledge
allegiance to a religion and a race then
apart of and you're not to the US the
valley is a way of life is a culture is
the whole civilization if you will so
there is nothing wrong to use the place
Allah to eventually water down the
servers the country that closes you and
protects you and give you jobs and give
you money it predict old the Arab
Israelis okay janabu - you are a
Palestinian citizen of Israel do you
recognize the very rosy picture being
painted by Danny Ireland absolutely not
look one thing that he's conveniently
overlooking is that Israel is describes
itself as being a Jewish state which by
its very definition excludes me and the
state is founded on this concept of
Jewish privilege which means that when
the when the Supreme Court this court
that he loves so much has faced the
question of whether Israel's a Jewish
state or a democracy it has always
chosen Jewish state which means that
Jewish privilege exists and we see this
through everything from the sixty laws
that directly discriminate against
Palestinian citizens of Israel - the way
that people such as Ayalon and others
deal with Palestinians for everything
from calling for our heads to be chopped
off for us to be drowned for ODEs of
loyalty what they fail to recognize is
that that we didn't come to Israel we
didn't immigrate to Israel Israel came
to us
I'll be shown many would say you on the
left of the political spectrum when you
look at Israeli society today do you
worry about the trends do you share
President Rivlin 'zv you that this is a
quote unquote sick society that needs
some kind of treatment I'm very troubled
about the trend in Israeli society
Israel within its original borders is a
democracy it's a flawed democracy buts
are all other democracies but if you
look at Israel and the West Bank in Gaza
Israel most emphatically most decisively
is not a democracy
it's an ethnocracy it's a system in
which one ethnic group dominates the
others and there is another word for
ethnocracy and that is apartheid and
this is what Israelis
I won't ask you two questions one is the
same question asked avender are you
worried about the trends in Israel does
that worry you at all and secondly do
you only respond to a visa claim about
Israel being an ethnocracy and an
apartheid state every democracy around
the world has its own unique features
the Israeli democracy and the Israeli
nation is built and established because
of what happened in partially because of
what happened in the Holocaust and
therefore a Jewish majority must remain
for safety and security because we've
seen what happens when you rely on the
rest of the world for your safety
number two anyone else who lives as an
Israeli has absolute equal rights every
Israeli Arab has the same rights of
university of hospitals of Supreme Court
in law she's saying no the Knesset has
time and again been asked the simple
question is Israel a state that's
founded on equality or is there no
equality and time and again it will not
allow a simple law that calls for
equality and the fundamental problem is
that they do not recognize my right to
exist in this cell have you ever been
arrested by Israeli police have you ever
been beaten by Israeli police
I really
you can check the bruises she's all
bruised up right let's just be clear
first you're saying that if you haven't
been beaten by the Israeli police your
equal member of society and then when
someone says they have been beaten by
Israeli police you say where are the
bruises asking to clarify she went to
school was she denied education was she
denied Social Security what is your
definition hold on in and she is right
just like me black Americans during the
Jim Crow era could go to school it
doesn't mean that there wasn't massive
segregation and discrimination it's a
Corrigan's but there's no but Jews and
Arabs can go to school together and they
do go to school other protests on TV
just a few weeks ago Israelis are saying
they just want to sell a house in their
town to a Palestinian family and how
many Arabs that's fine it did you say
that listen did you say that's fine to
Israeli people protesting against the
sale of a house in their town you okay
with bacon protest which is good are you
saying it's good your words for people
to protest against the sale of a house
to a Palestinian family to keep the town
Jewish only because that's what I just
said happen and you said fine and then
you said good are you okay with that
listen you have people here and there
who I do not they'll believe that they
are right so would you condemn those
projects because a moment ago he says
good that they're protesting because
it's a democratic society protest or
whatever you want but you condemn those
cultures it's called freedom of
expression and his and I'm asking you to
give some free speech do you condemn
those protesters I condemn anything
which is biased against race a Las
origin gender do you condemn those
protests Danny you can do much or what
they represent whatever you like daddy
just do something severe answer i
condemned any racism okay general
statement you won't give them no protest
though I would condemn them oh wow okay
we got there another one since you're in
a mood of condemnation Benjamin
Netanyahu say you don't speak for the
government in 1915 he said during the
election campaign the right-wing
government is in danger
Arab voters are coming out in droves to
the polls surely that was an example of
unashamed naked racism towards a fifth
of the population from the Prime
Minister of the country I would not use
this I would not do that but you have to
understand something else
in democracy right in democracy you do
everything you can do in order to win
the elections
that's no one else and I mean race
equality erase these things to an
election I'm asking you do you agree
it's racist it's wrong but not racist
we're gonna take a break it's going to
continue in part two we're going to be
talking about the Iran deal and Israel's
position on Iran and nuclear weapons
we'll be hearing from our very patient
audience here in the Oxford Union do
join us after the break welcome back
ahead on al Jazeera English I'm joined
this week by Danny Ayalon former israeli
deputy foreign minister founder of the
group the truth about Israel at Danny
you have lobbied extensively against the
2015 Iran nuclear deal the jcpoa you
think it's a bad deal unlike Prime
Minister Netanyahu you welcomed
president Trump's decision to pull the
United States out of that deal to
violate it so to be clear you don't
agree that the deal with all its faults
is working and is putting off the
realization of the Iranian nuclear
vision by 10 to 15 years no if you look
for the last two and a half years since
the deal was signed in Vienna you see
the aggression of Iran not only has
multiplied by 2 by 10 times Iran since
signing the deal has become much more
aggressive has not stopped testing
ballistic missiles and you do ballistic
missiles only to put a warhead which is
nuclear nothing else and the deal itself
is not actually neutralizing the
capabilities Iran it just supposedly
suspends it and so people who say about
people who say the Iran deal has
neutralized a major threat to the world
they're wrong
absolutely it's maybe former head of
Shin Bet Israeli intelligence agency all
right maybe maybe they were just what I
said earlier about with all its faults
it's working it's putting off
realization of the Iranian nuclear
fission do you know who said that
head of Israel's military general Gary
Eisen car it's a lot do you know that
the head of Israel's military in the
former head of its spy service don't and
guess what
the head of Israeli military he's still
there working with everybody because we
have pluralism of ideas okay the subs
now they said the substance is that
there is a sunset clause where they can
now in seven and a half years become a
nuclear country the substance is that
there is no verification which is robust
and many sites are precluded they are
declared militaries of the IAEA the UN
body tasked with investigating nuclear
programs around the world says quote
Iran is subject to the world's most
robust nuclear verification regime under
the UJ CPA which is a significant gain
as of today the IAEA can confirm that
the nuclear related commitments are
being implemented by Iran that was him
in May so who should we trust the head
of the IAEA or you trust defects trust
effect and straight logic common logic I
believe that the IAEA are not lying they
do not find anything but why aren't they
finding anything because they have 24
days in advance to let them know they're
coming and there are many many areas
which are designed military areas where
they have no entry to now we know that
the Iran has lied and has cheated time
and again as they remember wait a minute
as that is a signatory to NPT
non-proliferation treaty they have
broken all the rules all international
commitments understand is if it's common
sense as you say why is it that the head
of Israel's military the former head of
Shin Bet the former head of Mossad your
spy agency the former head of Israeli
military intelligence the former head of
Israel's Atomic Energy Commission the
chair of Israel's space agencies your
country's top military defense
intelligence nuclear experts are saying
the deal is a good deal it protects
Israel it protects the region protects
the world well why should we dig you
know all of them and trust you Benjamin
Netanyahu and Donald Trump they do not
say it's a good deal he said it's the
bet the situation may bit better than
before and I say it's not better than
before it may put Iran on hold but we
are not certain and yet the world's
non-proliferation experts in open
letters the top nuclear scientists in
the world the EU the UN the IAEA they
all say it's working I know
international diplomacy there's nothing
which is more hypocritical and cynic
there are some interests who are in the
in-between I can tell you
that until 38 most people here said
Germany Nazi Germany is not a threat
were they all wrong yes they were all
wrong isn't the probably all wrong now
funny yes they are it's funny you talk
about predictions in 1992 your Prime
Minister said Iran was three years away
from building the nukes that was 26
years ago in 1995 he said Iran was three
to five years away from building nukes
in 2009 he said they were one to two
years away from building nukes the boy
who cried wolf had a better record with
wolves than Netanyahu has with Iran's
nuclear program why do you think you
have any credibility the Israelis when
you come and talk about Iran's nuclear
cause you've been wrong for 26 years
we're not wrong some things had happened
in between there were some who prevented
Iran to rush for it and there were some
there were some every two to three years
Netanyahu issued a warning and suddenly
something happened to make his war well
just inaccurate welcome you tell you I
can tell you the Iranians themselves say
that the international community is
sabotaging their program so things have
happened okay that's it okay let me ask
you this question sabotaging their
program how many nuclear weapons does
Iran have as of today right now I hope
none okay how many does Israel have no
idea no idea you will in the government
they don't tell you that stuff no idea
who did they tell no idea I'm telling
you I never discussed it but it's it's
irrelevance between you never discussed
Israel's nuclear weapons you can say
that hand on heart you've never
discussed Israel's nuclear you're
expecting us to believe that the Deputy
Foreign Minister of Israel never
discussed Israel's nuclear deterrent
seriously I know
so I let the chair let me tell you no
it's not all slogans and sound bites
Mehdi tell yourself I did not discuss
Israel nuclear weapons I did discuss
Israel nuclear policy there is a big
difference okay okay okay so now we've
got past that semantic evasion no no you
have to how many nuclear weapons does
Israel have these experts say it's
anywhere between 80 and 400 so what so
what
yes so what as Israel you recognize the
hypocrisy of Israel having a secret
illicit nuclear weapons program that it
won't open up its doors to and won't
talk about and then lecturing everyone
else in the region probably not you know
why
so let's start with illegal informal
Israel has never been a member a
signatory of the NPT so we are not
breaking any rules Iran was Iraq was
Metiria is and they all try to to cheat
number never recognize the law secondly
play know secondly get up Israel is the
only country in the world who has been
right threatened to just erase them
there is only one Jewish state in the
world less than one-third of one percent
of the entire Middle East there are 22
Arab countries 57 what do you want from
us and they are all trying to gang up on
us it's not one you're just mind your
own business this kind of Norway in the
Middle East with nuclear weapons as
Israel ever threatened to erase and
attack any country I think you'll find
plenty of pretty genocide of statements
from Israeli to show it to me shame on
you Reza said in response to each other
we could while you run Iran has everyday
threatening to erase I'm asking for sane
said he would burn the entire country of
Israel okay Assad Hamas okay know what
even members Israeli Knesset three clear
up country Danny you ask again
we've got often a lovely diversion which
you are the master of how many nuclear
weapons does Israel have I don't know by
the way another diversion which I have
to say no no I have to score
pre-announce your diversions let me ask
it if an Iranian guest came on my show
and I'll stow about Iran's nuclear he
said I don't know I'm gonna talk about
it would you be okay with that
you'll be outraged of course and you sit
here as a formal government saying
because there's they were select 16
United Nations Security Council
resolutions against Iran and there is
and there is against Israel about about
your nuclear program yes there is UN
resolution 487 let me read it to you the
UN Security Council in 1981 says calls
upon Israel urgently to place its
nuclear facilities under the safeguards
of the IAEA why would he done that
because
I'll tell you a wife because we want to
live and survive this is the only reason
I can live and survive but you are
defying a UN Security Council resolution
on your sleeve nuclear survive that's it
okay
avi SHhhh lime when Danny talks about
the threat from Iran do you recognize
that language how big a threat in your
view is Iran to Israel today Iran is not
an existential threat to Israel but it
is a strategic threat now let's compare
the records of these two countries Iran
has never attacked a neighbor Israel has
repeatedly attacked its neighbors Iran
signed the non-proliferation treaty
Israel has refused to sign Iran submits
to inspection but they by the
International Nuclear Energy Agency
Israel refuses to submit Iran has no
nuclear weapons
Israel has between 75 and 400 nuclear
weapons so Israel poses an existential
threat to Iran now for the last forty
years Israel has conducted a systematic
campaign of disinformation about Iran
why the lies why the double standards
why the apocrypha professors lime can
you say this in a straight face I cannot
believe it if you look in the details
Israel right has been in existential
threat ever since ever since its
reestablishment and it was reestablished
in 1948 as a historian as an historian
I'll show you
Israel only out of self-defense is
defending itself and Israel has never
ever threatened another country Israel
has attacked its neighbors not in
self-defense one example the first one
is the the Suez war of 1956 it wasn't a
war of self-defense it was a Colonia
conspiracy to attack Egypt Lebanon 1982
was most emphatically not a war of
self-defense it was an invasion Israeli
invasion okay of Lebanon Paul let me ask
you this question you're not a member of
the Israeli government and I've never
been a member of these are in government
can I ask you for a straight answer how
many nuclear weapons does Israel have I
don't know you asked what do you think
you know what I tell you what I'm
listening to the conversation with all
due respect we cannot rely Israel Canada
and Latin Europe and the Western world
to defend its own policies Israel had
huge disagreements in its own government
whether to take up the Iraqi nuclear
core 1982 and each took it out and it
was condemned at the time and Israel
have the same dispute late 1998 winner
took up the Syrian in nuclear core and
he was condemned by Europe and guess
what later the condemnation fizzled away
okay we are in the same positions we
were then as we are with the right do
you think Israel should have nuclear
weapons do support Israeli weapon it
could possibly defensive weapon like the
Iron Dome is or should have a hundred
iron do you think is really suto
offensive weapon Israel should
absolutely have nuclear weapons Iran as
an as an offensive weapon should not
have nuclear weapons okay let's go to
John has been waiting very patiently
there's a difference between offensive
iran and defense of israel when it comes
to nuclear weapons in the Middle East
what what I think we're getting to is
that Israel is saying that it is above
the law and it does this time and again
it says that it has a right to attack
countries what you did when it came to
Iraq when it's come to Syria when it's
come to Lebanon when it's come to the
Palestinians and it's also saying that
it has no reason it has no right to be
subjected to the law Genisys you're
above the law and you yourself said we
didn't sign the NPT let me ask you a
question if Iran tomorrow withdraws to
the NPT will you stop talking about Iran
because they're in your boat they can do
what you do right now is not the logic
of your position cause they want nuclear
capabilities for offensive measures if
Israel and again I'm not at liberty to
to say anything but about this subject
but if Israel has it or not is ready for
anyone who defends and the path usually
is different if they would say everyone
will get nuclear by the way different by
the way I hope I hope miss Bhutto is not
suicidal
because if Iran with a nuclear weapon
throwing it on Israel you and I will die
at the same time you know yeah okay well
let's go to the audience we've been
waiting very patiently here in the
Oxford Union let's start with the
gentleman here in the front row I'd like
to ask you mr. Allen about Israel's
denying access to health care for people
in Gaza last year according to the World
Health Organization 54 people died in
Gaza because they had not got the
treatment they needed to in the West
Bank and and sometimes beyond 46 of
those had cancer many of them were women
okay 11,000 medical appointments were
missed last year after Israel refused to
allow people to get to that treatment is
that not in conscionable if if that had
been true absolutely in conjugal but
it's clearly not true Israel is is
actually piping into the to the Gaza
everything which could help the Shifa
and all the other hospitals and clinics
by the way which the Hamas is using them
as a base to launch you know that since
we left since we left Gaza
11800 bombs were launched on Israel I
also cost about forty four cancer
patients World Health Organization
figures that's all made up according to
you I you know what I don't even know
because I you know I but I can tell you
there is a policy right there is a
policy to help
anyone in need and we have proven it why
don't you go to Hamas and ask them why
don't they stop their terror and then
Gaza will be open to the world when we
left in 2005 we invested their you know
millions of dollars they burnt
everything why why okay let's go to the
gentleman in the blue shirt thank you
the great march of return protests were
ostensibly organized in support of the
notion of a right of return Mike my
question is is to what extent does the
propagation of a notion of Palestinian
right to return by the international
community serve to perpetuate and
prolong rather than create a solution to
the israeli-palestinian conflict right
of return lady is euphemism there's no
right and no return because you're
talking now about fifth and fourth
generation of displaced people and
according to international law they
should have been naturalized by the
countries who receive them there were 20
million refugees in Europe Czechs German
Polish you don't hear about this problem
there were eight hundred and ninety
thousand Jewish refugees from Arab
countries you don't hear about them the
problem is again and I do not blame mr.
Bhutto the Palestinian people I feel for
them
it's successive Palestinian leadership
okay radio since you since you mentioned
to Benjamin is beauty Anna no right no
return under international law is that
correct from reporters well there is a
right of return but using his same logic
again then we wouldn't be talking about
as he put it the reestablishment of a
Jewish state if we're talking about the
re-establishment of a Jewish state then
it would have been that Jews also didn't
have that right as well
we absolutely have a right of return and
that is enshrined in I need this is our
land and she's saying whoa five
generations if you can go about 20
directions let's go to this lady here in
the front row I'm a Palestinian
journalist from Gaza and Israel has time
and again said and the Israeli army
actually claimed to be measured and
surgical in the way that they engage
with the Palestinian protesters and
whoever is present near the Gaza fence
and then now I hear and it's very
concerning to me that the killing of my
friend actually and colleague
yessum Ortega in Gaza was because he was
there with an intent to harm the Israeli
army has always cleared itself of any
wrongdoing isn't it time for an
independent investigation
what is Israel afraid of how's it
surgical to kill journalists and press
vests and paramedics and white coats and
children and peaceful protesters and
then not have independent investigators
or allow them to investigate well Israel
has nothing to be afraid of
Israel has nothing to hide and by the
way I really appreciate the fact that
you came from Gaza out here which is
fine yes very nice I would wish more
gazans would be able to come out you
need a difference you could know
tomorrow you're patronizing be Malay you
need a different leadership in Gaza
that's what you need with with a
different leadership in Gaza more of you
could come out is it time for an
independent investigation if you've got
nothing to hide no because no country no
democratic country is willing to
infringe upon his sovereignty show me
when England the United States friends
or any other country democratic country
allowed an independent none of those
countries knowingly illegal way by the
way just for the factory let's go back
to the back there on the window yes you
waving can we get a mic there hi how do
you justify or do you support
Palestinians being forcibly removed from
their homes and thrown out to make way
for Israeli settlers
I do not approve Palestinians being
forced out of their homes as I do not
approve Jews being forced out of their
homes and the Israeli government did
both I can tell you that but again there
is a rule of law and sometimes if you
build things elect illegally the
government comes and tells you well it's
illegal they do it to Jews and they do
it to Arabs . they don't demolish dozens
of houses in one go as collective
punishment for any Jewish Israelis and
you know well they just laying stuff
that's fuck they would do it had they
built it illegally and they've done but
they also destroy houses the families of
quote-unquote terrorists are destroyed
by Israel and yet when an Israeli
terrorist kills a Palestinian his house
his family's home is never destroyed
it's funny that it's not about nah it's
a matter of deterrence okay
Jews do not use deterrence Narus you
know you have one country
Wow there's no did you say there's no
Israeli turret there's no Jewish
terrorists they were fired but not as
the culture absolutely
I'm just gonna butterman ours no no wait
is it a culture of terror apparently
this is the problem yeah we're dealing
with that with people and the government
that you racist or even it hasn't
what you meant by culture of terror of
course I want to respond because if you
send your kids to schools where they are
thought to kill Jews when you have
summer schools with Palestinian kids go
with straps you know like a make-believe
suicide bombs this is a culture of
terror and have you been looking yes
just gonna make the point cuz you love
you love always saying what about this
what about that let me do it for once
what about Israeli sitting with a simple
on top of their houses watching Gaza are
being bombarded is that not a culture of
hate of death no okay lady lady here was
waiting currently according to Israeli
human rights group B'Tselem
approximately 315 Palestinian children
are being held in Israeli prisons while
being arrested and held in detention
these children have no access to lawyers
cannot have a family member present
while being questioned and often are
coerced into signing documents in Hebrew
a language that they do not understand
how do you justify continuing the
imprisonment of children everyone
first of all I do not agree people who
are over 16 are not children and when
they become with daggers and bombs they
are not innocent they're our children
understand you know what when the IRA
was attacking you in London they were
under 14 okay so you're Irish prisons
and you expect me to sit here and defend
the British government's treatment of
Irish killer is a killer your response
was a killer is a killer he'll none of
those children are killers but okay
let's go back to the audience the lady
here in the black shirt yes wait for the
microphone to come to you I'm very
confused about something and I'd like
some clarity if Israel is an apartheid
state how come there there are
Christians which I really appreciate
being a Christian serving in the IDF in
Bedouins and also Druze I'm not talking
about Jews I'm talking about the Druze
okay how does that work the two people
who made the claim of our part I are
Deanna and a fishline would one of you
like to respond to the lady's question
about how could it be a part ID if there
are Christians and Arabs and Bedouins
serving in the IDF the question is
whether the system is apartheid and it
is an apartheid state and the fact that
we are sitting here and while we're
sitting here Danny has greater
privileges in that country that I do
makes it apartheid sighs okay we're
gonna go about the audience gentleman
there with the jacket yes the question
is very simple do you think the days
where everything Israel does and
everything it says by both the Muslim
community many other people are coming
to an end where in fact there's going to
be greater support for Israel as we're
seeing even now in the United Nations
thank you thank you well III would say
that certainly we see shifting grounds I
would say most of the Arab countries
today certainly all them great Muslim
countries see Israel is the solution to
the problems are not the problem they
see the Palestinians as the problem
gentlemen in the beer is being ready
phrases last word Thank You Maddie my
question to Danny is isn't it true that
the two-state solution is dead because
of Israeli illegal settlements in the
West Bank and its apartheid walls
because Israel always blames the other
setting doesn't take any responsibility
so should we just forget about the
two-state solution and think about an
alternative or one-state solution thank
you I for one do not think so I
so I think you think that can still be a
toothpaste and I think I hope so I think
what killed the two-state solutions is
again is the Arab refuses for any
compromise for them it's all or nothing
and secondly when the roadmap to peace
came I was one who was privileged to to
be a part of writing it he talked about
two states for two peoples I do not see
the Palestinians who talk about two
peoples they're talking about two states
what does it mean to Arab States the
problem is again I'm telling you hold on
success you want two states for two
peoples who are the two peoples Jewish
people and polish so there shouldn't be
any Palestinians in Israel of course no
no of course they are actually just said
about the Jewish Israel who is Israel
for Danny Israel is for its citizens
mostly our Jews because it's a Jewish
state you're the one who said you wanted
two states for two peoples I was just
clarified about Palestinians and
Israelis Jews Jews and doesn't mean that
non-jews cannot live there can I ask a
final question I just will ask a
question about you a hood Barack
famously was asked what would he have
done if he had been born a Palestinian
and he said to the reporter I probably
would have joined a Palestinian militant
group to fight against Israel for my
freedom
right that's what Barack said a moment
of honesty from Israel's most decorated
soldier I just wonder sometimes do
enough Israelis put themselves in the
shoes of Palestinians living in Gaza and
try and understand why it is that
they're protesting or they're frustrated
or they're violent or is it all just do
you really just say Hamas Hamas Hamas
Hamas and not try and think about what
they do is short answer is yes I can
definitely do that and you know what I
would do I would do my best to get rid
of Hamas leaders and terrorists okay on
that on that Hamas note Danny we're
gonna have to leave it there
wrap the show up thanks to our audience
here in the Oxford Union thanks to our
panel here in the Oxford Union and
thanks to Danny Ireland for joining us
head-to-head we'll be back next week
you
