presidential candidates looking for
votes in Bamako election campaigns
launched a week ago are in full swing
the current president ibrahim abu bakar
kita is appealing to his supporters for
a second term
Ibaka as is widely known was elected in
a landslide majority five years ago on
promises to restore peace defeat armed
groups and improve the economy critics
accuse him of failure to deliver on any
of those promises as well as
incompetence and lack of vision Ibaka
has 23 rivals for the election led by
this former prime minister so - EC is
seen as the president's main rival
having lost two previous presidential
bids he's managed to rally a large
support with promises to fix Molly's
problems and end poverty for voters
there was no end to the list of demands
for any leader we want the next
president to run the country efficiently
and not think of Bamako only but also
have remote poor villages we need a
solution to high prices and the shortage
of food supplies Mali has great
potential with rich natural resources on
the Niger River as well as being
Africa's third largest gold producer
Mali has large reserves of iron or
manganese and uranium despite its
natural riches Mali is ranked among the
poorest countries in the world
landlocked and drought stricken in its
vast northern regions Malians
struggle with foreign debts government
mismanagement political disunity and
ethnic fighting
maile GDP grew around five percent last
year not bad compared to many other
developing countries but I need
distribution of wealth has kept nearly
half of the 18 million population under
the internationally recognized poverty
line many in Mali don't care about
statistics they simply want jobs and
social services in a secure and stable
environment
Mali and are suffering because of low
income and high cost of living we pray
to God to give us a good leadership that
will make the country better but the
leaders in general don't keep their
promises and they only think of their
personal interests some have dubbed it
the election of all the challenges and
all the high stakes others doubted the
election could be organized in time
because of the rising number of attacks
by armed groups no matter who wins this
presidential race everyone here is
worried about the future of Mali and few
deny the need for change mohamed van al
jazeera Bamako
