moments after Israel's parliament passed
the controversial new law defining the
country as the nation-state of the
Jewish people automatically B and other
Arab members of the Knesset ripped up
copies of it hours after the bill became
law and in this far more serene setting
BB was no less enraged the state is
saying to its citizens Arab citizens you
are not equal and you are maybe gifts
and we are not we are the owner of this
land we have rights not in this land but
on this land we are the indigenous the
legislation adopted by 62 votes to 55
makes Hebrew the only official national
language and defines the establishment
of Jewish communities as being in the
national interest it also stipulates
that Israel is the historic homeland of
the Jewish people and adds that they
have an exclusive right to national
self-determination in it the law is
controversial among Israelis many have
joined in the protests against the
legislation saying it legitimizes
discrimination Palestinian political
analysts say the law gives license to
segregation Israelis are telling the
world this is going to be in terms of
geography demography sovereignty Jewish
exclusive Jewish take it or leave it
bi know we decide what will happen on
this land we will never ever recognize
anybody before us we will never accept
anybody after us many Palestinians fear
the new law will further marginalize
their already marginalized population if
we're talking about citizenship then you
have to give all citizens the same
rights regardless of their religion or
political affiliations or their social
or economic background if they give
rights only to Jews then Palestinians
will be considered second-class citizens
this will be really bad tamam is an
Israeli Palestinian who says she's dealt
with discrimination her whole life the
following is the recipients are given
we are Palestinians but there is racism
between Arabs and Jews and it's obvious
when Jews see us wearing the hijab they
think we are going to hurt them
Palestinian rights groups say the new
law also features elements of apartheid
making it illegal under international
law while condemnation from Palestinian
leaders has been constant since the law
was first proposed many Palestinians we
spoke with today say they also want to
see and hear the international community
speak out forcefully
against this new legislation which they
say will only make their lives more
difficult Muhammad Abdul Majeed is a de
West Jerusalem
