a violent attack on two protesters but
the man eating them isn't a police
officer he is Alexandra bonala a former
bodyguard and currently an aide to
President McComb he was only given
permission to observe the May Day
protests
Tabu Haas says he was there and filmed
the incident I didn't recognize him at
the time I thought I was filming an
example of police brutality so I feel
his face look like he was worried about
being recognized so he left leaving the
guy was beating up on the floor I was in
proximity to power may fall under the
illusion that they actually wield it and
what should have happened here is that
mr. vanilla ought to have been reported
to the police but he wasn't and that's
left many opposition politicians saying
that it is one rule for those close to
mr. McConnell has another rule for the
rest
bonala was suspended from duty for 15
days but he was soon back working even
accompanying the victorious French
football team on the open top bus tour
on Monday the president has since been
accused of a cover-up he said little on
the matter when asked by journalists on
Thursday really commenting that the
French Republic was steadfast
leaving it instead to the Prime Minister
that announced bananas actions while he
was authorized to observe he went beyond
the status of observer the investigation
will allow us to look at how and why
this happened the incident has so far
reflected badly on president McComb
he has been careful about cultivating an
image of a dynamic youthful leader but
for his detractors it is yet another
example of a president grown
increasingly out of touch with that
image
sonnig I a go al Jazeera Paris
