at the most northerly tip of Thailand
lies the hometown of the wild boars the
football team
trapped in a cave for 18 days nothing
more than a small River divides mae sai
from neighboring Myanmar like many other
members of ethnic minorities in this
border region four members of the team
are stateless coach a kapal chanta Wang
crossed into Thailand to look for a
better education after his parents from
the Shan minority died the 25 year old
is seen as the man who taught the boys
how to survive in the cave they all gave
blessings at a local temple I am happy
to be home I was finally able to sleep
well last night
despite a night of rest his future
status is uncertain born in Myanmar he
doesn't qualify for Thai citizenship
which makes work and travel difficult
nearly 700,000 people in Thailand are
stateless including 150,000 children an
organization who promotes education for
people in the highlands visit schools in
an effort to help kids such as meeple I
really want Thai citizenship because
when I graduate I want to continue my
education I want to get a job so I can
send money for my siblings to go to
school in Myanmar I'm the eldest of
seven children I want all of them to
have an education like me the plight of
the stateless children is in the
spotlight since the team's dramatic
rescue I was happy to say that the
stateless boys weren't treated any
differently to the others some people
were suggesting they should have been
taken out of the cave last it shows Thai
or non Thai we all have the same human
rights that's far from reality for most
other stateless children many growing up
without their parents survival instincts
contributed to the fighting spirit of
the stateless members and coach of the
wild boars football team from an early
age they learned how to deal with
hardship and survive in a country that
doesn't officially a
septum now many hope that with a sudden
change of status the chance is improved
to be rewarded citizenship the local
district chief says he has yet to
receive their applications for
citizenship and they'll only be
successful if they were born in Thailand
and have birth certificates so while the
team spirit of the wild boars has become
stronger after the cave ordeal some
players won't have the same rights as
their teammates any time soon step
fastened al Jazeera may fall one north
thailand
