this is where legalizing apartheid and
peace pass a new law declaring Israel as
the nation-state of the Jewish people
Israeli Palestinians denounced what the
Prime Minister calls an historic moment
for Zionism as dangerous and racist what
does the future hold for them and what
will be the regional reaction this is
inside story
hello and welcome to the program Hashem
aha bara the controversial Jewish nation
state bill has been in the making for
years facing strong opposition all the
way
despite excluding 20% of the population
that's almost 2 million Israeli
Palestinians and other minorities the
bill was narrowly passed into law the
new basic law defines Israel as the
nation-state of the Jewish people given
them the sole right to
self-determination the law promotes and
encourages Jewish settlement as a
national interest despite settlements in
the occupied Palestinian territories
being illegal under international law
and Arabic is downgraded from being an
official language Hebrew is now the only
one the law also reiterates Jerusalem
Hall and United as Israel's capital
Stephanie Decker has more from West
Jerusalem it's official Israel is a
state exclusively for Jews that's the
essence of the controversial
nation-state bill passed by the Knesset
on Thursday after hours of heated debate
the measure became law by a vote of 60
to 255 with two abstentions
for years the language of the bill
divided political opinion between the
ruling parties and the opposition Arab
members of the Knesset say the law
legalizes discrimination this is a bill
from a government that is an enemy to
Palestinians it's the most dangerous
measure it's a law from a racist
government against Palestinian rights
and it creates an apartheid regime
it turns Israel into a fascist state the
most controversial clause in the bill a
provision calling for Jewish only
communities was replaced at the last
minute the original legislation would
have allowed the state to establish
separate communities on the basis of
religion and nationality
the replacement provision says the state
cease developing Jewish settlement as a
national interest and will take steps to
encourage advance and implement this
interest
illegal settlements for Jews are already
being built in breach of international
law and UN demands and other controversy
is the status of the Arabic language the
new law says Hebrew will be Israel's
only official language demoting Arabic
from second the Deputy Attorney General
says the law also allows the
construction of synagogues and ritual
baths but not mosques the Israeli
president says the legislation could
harm Jewish people in Israel's enemies
could use it as a weapon protesters
against the law marched through Tel Aviv
on Saturday of Israelis came today to
protest against the nation state law
which is a racist and fascist law that
is trying to turn Israel from a
democracy into something else therefore
we are here to block this drift towards
dictatorship and fascism yeah I came
today to say that the Arab citizens of
Israel are not inferior the nation-state
law will discriminate against them as
the Israeli government has been doing
for many years Arabic is an official
language and they deserve equal rights
the government led by Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu insists that it's
important to establish that Israel is
the historical homeland of the Jewish
people who have the sole right to
national self-determination Palestinians
say they see the move as legitimizing a
part height turning what is already an
active policy of discrimination against
them into law Stephanie Decker al
Jazeera West Jerusalem
let's bring in our guests from Tel Aviv
via Skype Emanuel davon lecturer and
international relations of the Tel Aviv
University from Gaza is mohammed abu
sada professor of political science at
al-azhar university and from west
jerusalem is Jill Hoffman chief
political correspondent at the Jerusalem
Post thank you all for joining us
emanuelle the law defines the country as
an exclusively Jewish state Netanyahu
says this is a defining moment the
Palestinians say this is apartheid
regime and racism how do you respond to
this first of all the law does not
define Israel as an exclusively Jewish
state as you mistakenly said mm-hmm the
law simply translates into law the fact
that Israel is the nation-state of the
Jewish people 85% of the world's
countries are nation states including 27
out of the 28 members of the European
Union and what the law does is simply
translate this into legal terms because
unfortunately Israel still does not have
a written constitution it only has basic
laws it has basic clothes on a
separation of powers it has basic
clothes on the protection of rights of
individuals and minorities but it
doesn't have a basic law on the identity
of the country which most European
countries do have so Israel just
completed its uncomplete yes position
constitutional Eman well with all due
respect you're talking about two two
totally different contexts here I know
they've been referring to the European
Union but you know the e is something
the palestinian-israeli context is
something which is quite different I'm
Arab asada you've heard what emanuelle
Nevada has been saying basically which
is this is not discrimination this is a
legitimate Israeli right to do so well
let me start by saying we the
Palestinians do not really have a
problem whatever Israel would like to
call itself without the
to call it the nation-state of the
Jewish people or whatever they wanted
but as long that infringes on the
original rights of the Palestinian
people who are the original inhabitant
of this land that's why the Palestinians
are calling this bill as a racial and a
racist legalization by the State of
Israel and I could say this for a number
of reasons first of all this new bill
does not recognize the right of the Arab
Palestinians in the State of Israel
which constitute about 20% of the
population of Israel second this bill
referred to the Arab Palestinians as
non-jews it even does not even recognize
them as a minority in the State of
Israel it it refers to them as non-jews
and third this bill speaks about the
right of any Jew anywhere in the world
to have the right to come back in the
State of Israel lived in in the State of
Israel without giving the right of the
Palestinian refugees will show even to
come back to their own land with a
number of other violations we will talk
in my welcome back to those things later
sure sure
Jill I mean you've seen the concerns
voiced by the Palestinians basically
they saying that the new basic law does
not mention the right of equality to the
Palestinians their language has been
downgraded and the facing more
uncertainty here about their future well
first of all there are 18 Arabs in the
Israeli Parliament right now and there
are probably going to be just as many in
the next parliament this bill doesn't
change that their language has not been
downgraded it hasn't affected the
language at all in fact I have the bill
in front of me right now and it says
that the Arab language is going to be
protected and regarding equality that
that already was it is I'm sorry and
didn't have to be in this bill it is
saying that their language is going to
be protected by deferring to their
language as a special status languages
instead of an official language there is
a double speak here
right and Israel will continue to have
Hebrew as the official language of
Israel as it's been for 70 years and now
Arabic received this special status
officially none of this was codified
before basically Israel had 12 basic
laws before they talked about Israel as
a democratic state this is the first
basic law that will explain what it
means to be a Jewish state and and there
can be a Jewish state there if there are
57 Muslim states 22 Arab states there's
nothing wrong with there being one
Jewish state now we're trying to figure
out what it is
mm-hmm emanuelle usually basic laws or
constitutions are there for
inclusiveness not for segregation and
this is I think one of the ideas that
people are here talking about is that
this basic law does not show any clear
indication that is there to reach out of
the minorities in Israel Israel does not
we know that we know that Israel does
not have a constitution it is having a
basic law which ultimately will become
enshrined as a constitution in the near
future that's what I'm trying to explain
to you we have a series of basic wall
this one is one of them we also have a
basic law that is called human dignity
and freedom that talks about the rights
of minorities we have that law already
we have different basic law but until
today we never had a basic law that
spoke about the identity of the state as
which is always always part of a
constitution give Hoffman just mentioned
the language for example the French
Constitution in its second article says
that French is the official language of
the Republic an article 27 of 25 story
of the French Constitution recognized
local dialects as part of the French
national heritage but they're not
official languages so this so this law
has a specific purpose but it is added
to other basic laws some of which are
talk and protect the rights of
already is including the Arab minority
of Israel whose language is recognized
and protected who are equal citizens who
sit in the parliament and who Supreme
Court Mahima why do you think the law
has come into effect now what does
Netanyahu gain from this at this
particular moment well I think this is
first of all a very good question I
believe that Netanyahu is trying to make
use of the of the existence of a US
administration led by a president Donald
Trump who is very much in support of
Israel and ignoring the right of the
Palestinian people and I believe also
Israel Israel is also trying to make use
of the collapse of the so-called Arab
regional system as a result of the
internal chaos in a number of Arab
countries like Syria Yemen Iraq Libya so
forth and it also Israel is also trying
to make use of the internal divide among
the Palestinian people and the failure
of the Palestinian main factions Fatah
and Hamas to put an end to their
internal divide and come up with an
initiative that will unify the
Palestinian people I believe that
Netanyahu is also trying to avoid the
internal the internal the internal
problem so we all know that Netanyahu
and the right-wing coalition in Israel
are accused of corruption charges
especially against the Prime Minister
Netanyahu and his wife and I think not
only I was trying to escape those
corruption charges by portraying himself
as a new king of Israel by trying to
pass this law which is as we spoke
earlier does not even mention anything
about the Palestinian or the Palestinian
right of statehood let me just add one
thing that I should have mentioned in
the beginning that as I mentioned the
Palestinians do not really care what
what Israel is trying to call itself but
this should come as a final settlement
between the Palestinian and Israelis
okay so as long as
as Israel does not recognize the right
to the Palestinian people to
self-determination and stated the
Palestinian will always object to
calling Israel itself as the
nation-state of the Jewish people
Jill was Trump a fact a key factor here
in the implementation of this new law
given the fact that he has moved the
embassy Embassy to Jerusalem and number
two he's been saying that he's therefore
the ultimate deal between the Israelis
and the Palestinians that could happen
anytime soon there was a report to that
effect on Israel radio yesterday that
the reason why Netanyahu decided to move
this both forward is exactly as the
professor from Gaza says be because of
Donald Trump that there were attempts to
move a very similar bill forward during
the Obama administration and Obama
blocked it from happening baba
threatened Israel if it moved that bill
forward I personally checked with
several ministers and politicians that
are close to Netanyahu last night when
they were sitting there voting it had
nothing better to do stand then answer
text messages from reporters at one
o'clock in the morning and none of them
could confirm it so I actually don't
know if it's true even after checking
with with six or seven people very close
to the prime minister it it's also
internal Israeli policy on everything is
global Netanyahu has a reputation among
some Israelis as not being someone who
gets things done this is something you
can point to and show that he's not all
talk emanuelle basic laws or
constitutions are usually an expression
of a consensus within a nation you have
the left the right the center coming
together and crafting the shape of the
future of a country in a constitution in
Israel is a different case we have a
right wing governing coalition that
pushes for a law but what about the
other voices within Israel well let me
explain to you that in a democracy laws
are passed by a majority that's very
simple it's true in Israel it's true
everywhere else and there was a majority
in the Knesset to pass that law and
therefore it was passed I mean this is
now democracy's work you have a majority
in parliament you can pass a law if it's
a regular Lord can be overrun by the
Supreme Court in many countries which is
a often the case in Israel but like in
every country in the world
those are passed by a majority and you
think what happened that's right Mahima
what would be next for the Palestinians
well first of all let me just respond to
what mr. to what a man will just
mentioned that Israel is a democracy and
usually in democracies laws and bills
are passed by the majority but let me
remind him that when the majority is in
contradiction with international law and
it's in contradiction with the Universal
Declaration of Human Rights that doesn't
mean that a majority can pass laws which
are in discrimination of the minority of
its own people now what we're going back
to your question what what's next for
the Palestinians let me put it to you
this way the Palestinian people for the
past 70 years have been under Israeli
occupation have been under Israeli
persecution and the continuation of
Palestinian struggle against this
Israeli occupation and this Israeli
siege against the Gaza Strip will
continue the Palestinian people have no
other choice but to continue their
struggle to continue their fight against
Israel until Israel put an end to its
occupation put an end to its aggression
against the Palestinian people and allow
the Palestinians to live in peace and
dignity as much as the other nations of
the international community shall what
is gonna leave the israeli-palestinian
conflict now after this new law this law
won't affect the israeli-palestinian
conflict at all whatsoever what's going
to affect the israeli-palestinian
conflict is that very soon Donald
Trump's administration is going to
reveal a peace plan and Israel has
already said it would come to the table
and talk about it if the Palestinian
leadership will decide to come to the
table and talk about it it can help the
Palestinian people
I hope they decide to come and not sit
and wait for there to be a different
government in America mmhmm yeah
emanuelle you've been talking about
Israel as a
and democracy what baffles baffles me
here is two things first of all when the
law talks about Jerusalem as a whole and
the United a capital of Israel you know
that this is this is something that
Israelis cannot decide this is up there
for negotiations between the Israelis
and the Palestinians - you seem to
forget that there is a conflict which
has been going on for quite some time
between the Israelis and the
Palestinians and sometimes you won't be
able to set into stone laws until you
tackle some of those issues with the
people with whom you have some problems
why not
I mean Israel can as your guest from
Gaza said define itself the way it wants
Mahima well let me start by saying that
this a new basic law and Israel has
created a lot of not just discussion a
lot of division even within the State of
Israel let me just remind your
participants that this new law was just
passed with only 62 seats in the Israeli
Knesset which is made of 120 seats which
is a very slim majority speaking of
democracy and majority rule and second
the this in you know is is our basic law
is definitely in contradiction with
international law it's in contradiction
with the Oslo peace agreement and let me
just remind your gist and your view was
that the clause with regard to the
Jerusalem as the eternal and undivided
capital of the State of Israel is in
contradiction with the partition plan of
1947 which basically are classified
Jerusalem under international or species
and also it is in contradiction with
many United Nations Security Council
resolutions okay starting from
resolution 242 and 1967 and ending with
the resolution two three three four
which was passed in December of 2016
all of these UN Security Council
resolutions classified Jerusalem as an
occupied territory and there as well as
no right to declare that all of
Jerusalem is the eternal and undivided
capital of Israel Jill don't you think
that by pushing for this new law the
Israeli government puts President
Mahmoud Abbas in in such an
uncomfortable situation where he might
not be willing to move forward in any
political talks in the near future
look Abbas is under pressure from Saudi
Arabia Egypt in Jordan and the United
Arab Emirates to be coming to the
negotiating table
they all those countries have been
working closely with Jared Kushner on
the plan and telling them you're not
going to get what you received from a
Olmert it ten years ago when he was the
Prime Minister of Israel and offered
Abbas a hundred percent of the West Bank
with land swaps that's not going to
happen anymore and it really would serve
Abbas to come to the table he ten years
from now whatever Palestinian leader
they'll be won't get what he would get
right now and he's not well it could
very well be that there'll be chaos
after he dies he's 83 and has been
chained smoking for 65 years
I hope for the good of the Palestinian
people that he will come to the table
and talk to Israel
emanuelle do you think the chances for a
peace deal between the Israelis and the
Palestinians are there it has nothing to
do with Israel's internal domestic
legislation I mean the question of peace
and war the question of negotiations
this is a separate question we're
talking about Israeli legislation the
conflict between Israelis and
Palestinians has been going on for over
a century there are many reasons for it
have been many failed attempts to
resolve it but that's a completely
different no no these are not issues
that's that's that's the way you read
into things which I do respect but these
are not totally separate things you know
that there are contentious issues yeah
particularly the issue of the Jerusalem
the right of the return for the
Palestinian refugees and this is not
something that one can decide on his own
this is this explains why we're asking
these questions Israel is a sovereign
country and a sovereign country has a
right to legislation this legislation
contrary to what has been said during
this program is perfectly
is perfectly a suitable to international
law it does not contradict international
law at all to define yourself as a
nation-state otherwise 27 members of the
European Union are illegally calling
themselves Asian states this statement
is ridiculous
Israel has the right to define hotel as
a nation-state this is perfectly
compatible with international law it has
nothing to do with the Palestine Israeli
policy and conflict okay see your point
my memory less than 30 seconds
who can from the Palestinians in the
near future come to the negotiating
table
negotiate a settlement knowing that
Jerusalem won't be part is Jerusalem in
particular won't be part of the of the
Palestinian state well let me say that
the Palestinians over the past quarter
of a century have made big concessions
with regard to making peace with Israel
let me just remind your guests and
viewers that the PLO accepted the
two-state solution in the pnc of the PLO
in 1988 and when the Oslo agreement was
signed in 1993 between the PLO and
Israel the late President of the
Palestinian are not recognized the right
of Israel to thank live in peace and
security and it's Israel who is not
willing to make big enough concessions
to move forward toward unfortunately
we're running out of time I'm at a boost
at Diamond when Devon Jill Hoffman thank
you very much indeed for your time and
for your contribution to the program
looking forward to talking to you in the
near future and thank you too for
watching you can see the program again
any time by visiting our web site
aljazeera.com for further discussion go
to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
inside story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
aj inside story from me hashem about the
whole team here bye for now
you
