thus a wall disaster caused months of
mourning the ferry was on a routine
voyage off the southwest coast of South
Korea when it capsized four years ago
304 people mostly students on a school
trip were killed grief turned to anger
when investigators found the vessel was
structurally unsound overloaded and
capsized because it was speeding as it
changed course for the first time a
court in Seoul acknowledged the
government's liability and ordered the
state and the ferry operator to pay
around two hundred and ten thousand
dollars to each family relatives say the
judge's ruling doesn't go far enough
we are not pleased that the court has
acknowledged liability we take it as a
matter of course we wanted the court to
explicitly state what this country had
done wrong and to what extent the
company should be responsible for their
actions not whether or not they were
guilty the civil lawsuit was brought by
the relatives of 118 victims they had
rejected the government's earlier offer
of compensation because they wanted a
legal ruling on the government's
liability lawsuits are based on evidence
and we had difficulty providing
liability with the information we could
gather such as simple media reports so
we needed further objective evidence
from the relevant institutions such as a
special investigation committee the
seawall sinking caused widespread
outrage not just over poor safety
standards but also towards the president
at the time Park geun-hye for her slow
response that provoked the largest-ever
protests in South Korea which eventually
led to her impeachment last year
Florence lui al Jazeera
