the annual SP awards recognize
excellence in sports performance and the
seer ceremony in Los Angeles had a
female host for the first time racing
driver Danica Patrick an appropriate
choice given what was to come
the Arthur Ashe Courage award is given
to sport stars who are deemed to possess
strength in the face of adversity
courage in the face of peril and the
willingness to stand up for their
beliefs no matter what the cost this
year's winners were the survivors of one
of the biggest sexual abuse scandals in
sport victims of the former US
gymnastics team dr. Larry NASA Olympic
gold medalist gymnast Aly Raisman sent a
strong message to anyone who had
protected NASA for so many years was one
adult to have the integrity to stand
between us and Larry Nasser if just one
adult had listens believed and acted the
people standing before you on this stage
would have never met him for 30 years
people at the United States Olympic
Committee USA Gymnastics and Michigan
State University all placed money and
medals above the safety of child
athletes NASA is serving a sentence of
up to 175 years in prison for sexually
abusing athletes and patients for
decades too often abusers and enabler
perpetuate suffering by making survivors
feel that their truth doesn't matter to
all the survivors out there
don't let anyone rewrite your story your
truth does matter
you matter and you are not alone the
women who spoke out against NASA are
collectively called sister survivors and
the NASA scandal has an aide to other
sports around the world to examine the
relationship between coaches and
athletes Peter stammered al-jazeera
where has a look at some of the other
winners on the night the Houston Astros
were named best team of the year after
winning baseball's World Series
Sloan Stevens took home the best women's
tennis player after victory at the US
Open while Roger Federer won the men's
award and the award for best female
athlete went to the youngest woman to
win an Olympic snowboarding medal Chloe
Kim Alexander Ovechkin of the Washington
Capitals won the award for best male
athlete
