the boat carrying refugee Hamid a man
saw and her son arrived on Australian
shores in March 2013 they spent months
in detention but are now on a path to a
permanent life in Australia Hanna DS
second son AB Dean was born in Australia
just four months after Hamid II arrived
her sister and her two sons made the
same journey in between Australia's
government had announced a new policy
towards refugees arriving by boat people
who come by boat now have no prospect of
being resettled in Australia the rules
have changed
firs Elim and saw and her sons were sent
to the tiny Pacific island of Nauru and
were told they'd never leave some people
was lucky and some people just for a few
months
last month fireballs hammer days nephew
killed himself he was 26 five years in
hot weather and in the tent without
condition without nothing is it well my
nephew said I lost a lot of time I said
no you can start again you are young now
but you know I lost him now and I can't
believe it I can't believe it now
Australia's policy change in 2013 was in
response to almost daily boats at about
50,000 people described as unauthorized
arriving from the 19th of July all
refugees and migrants were sent to
either the tiny island state of Nauru or
Manus Island in Papua New Guinea as a
deterrent it worked the boats had
stopped arriving by the middle of 2014
by which time a new Australian
Government to that'd turning back boats
at sea to the policy since the
commencement of operations sovereign
borders we've been able to provide the
humane environment er for people to
settle in regional processing said it's
obviously conducted by in the now ruined
case in her own government in P&G by the
P&G government we provide assistance to
those processes but at the same time the
dividend of the success of stopping
boats and most importantly stopping
drownings at sea is that we've been able
to offer a record
of places under the humanitarian refugee
programs an estimated two and a half
thousand people were sent to Manus
Island or Nauru around 600 were later
paid to return to the countries they'd
fled three hundred have been resettled
in the United States about 400 have been
brought to Australia though Australia's
government will not say so publicly
twelve people have died or been killed
on Manus or Naru
about a thousand people remain on the
islands if the policy is only successful
because it demands a sacrifice of human
lives of people offshore then it's not
an effective policy but neither big
political party in Australia proposes
changing the policy so it's fifth
anniversary is unlikely to be it's lost
Audra Thomas al-jazeera city
