up in these Himalayan mountains you feel
you can almost touch the sky no wonder
people who live here feel close to the
heavens and their gods but the reality
is there are a lot of very unheavenly
things going on here thieves are
stealing precious religious icons it's a
theft not only of valuable treasures but
also of culture I'm Steve Chow on this
episode of 101 East were deep in the
Himalayas tracking those behind the
theft - Nepal's gods the drive into the
pawls remote region of must' starts here
3,000 metres high dustin dangerous
yet stunning
Tasha this place is beautiful I know
it's amazing
it's just tucked away in the corner of
the Himalayas you know Fattah she pista
these mountains are not only home
they're our place he's fighting to
protect everytime mo away I just can't
wait to be back you know they were like
ceases to amaze me like such a feel
strong feeling of belongingness to the
place you know a sense of belonging to
an ancient Buddhist culture dating back
centuries has always been just a very
unique isolated Kingdom and until 1992
there are no visitors allowed into the
area so there's a very strong sense of a
living heritage that still governs a lot
of life today but it's a religion and
culture at risk yes yes religious places
of worship all over the base are being
broken into it's pretty interesting at
the moment we're suffering heritage lost
it quite an alarming rate
so this one is sandra ling monastery
kashi has spent the last decades
studying the region's religious icons
fighting to protect them and the culture
they represent protego Luke stupors
built to hold sacred relics are places
of devotion for the Buddhist community
so look at this I mean like this is a
stupa a very religious monument that has
been broken into this is this is
supposed to be completely sealed up and
people have put all of their religious
sacred offerings inside but look how
vulnerable this the belongings of this -
power to just anybody who could come and
try to make away with stuff you know
ancient scraps of fabric and clay
statues are all that remain the more
valuable items says Tashi have been
stolen
the powerful rulers Emperor's the monks
they were donating their belongings to
stupas so they are they do whole like a
lot of ancient precious artifacts so
normally you have ancient anchors scroll
paintings that are painted on fabric and
in some cases also a lot of little
statues copper bronze statues dating
like from back in the ages like on the
black market these would fetch tens of
thousands hundreds of thousands of
dollars that's the sad part you know
Andrew these precious items that are
such a big part of our living heritage
have such a big market value it somehow
fuels the happening of such things you
know and demand he says is that an
all-time high over several days we visit
a number of religious sites
they've all been pilfered so this one
right here used to be a passage to burn
here barbed wire was put up to stop
thieves but it's only managed to stop
the faithful people would pass
underneath to receive blessings during
the journeys but as you see
unfortunately it's not possible anymore
because there's all these barbed wires
that go around to ensure the safety of
the stupa
robbers got inside anyway
who knows the belongings that they could
have made away with did the police ever
catch those responsible
no no sadly there has been no police
cases filed in any of the looting Xin
Oliver Mustang why is that there's no
proper record-keeping or inventory that
could have been used as a reference to
file a case on what has been stolen
to better understand what's being lost
Tachi takes us to a monastery which so
far has kept their treasures secret from
outsiders safe under lock and key Conan
this is an ancient collection of inside
are dozens of Buddhist statues all
priceless treasures look at this one
you know this one look how interesting
how intricate the patterns the designs
the details you know the handiwork is
incredible it's absolutely I would
imagine people's probably spent like I
don't know decades or lifetimes coming
up with these masterpieces you know how
old would you say this one is I think
this could be anywhere between 14th to
15th century and look at this after
their absolute masterpiece here Wow
really really ancient 11th century 11th
century exactly so it's a thousand years
old how much would this go for on the
black market
oh I wouldn't be able to tell for sure
but I wouldn't be surprised if it
fetches a few hundred thousand dollars
so but then it's not the kind of value
that we look up to for us it's the
religious value you know these are like
very important symbols of something that
binds the communities together you know
a treasure like this they've taken away
would it would be an absolute disaster
in Mustangs capital Lamont on prayers
and religion are clearly an integral
part of life here
in the town's main monastery months
performed the same rituals that have
been carried out for centuries
it's here we meet Chima guru a Tibetan
spiritual leader he's also concerned
that the deaths are not just a loss of
treasure they are harming the Buddhist
religion itself
welcome to the chili menagerie the chi
mei takes us to a hall that's normally
off-limits to outsiders he has something
to show us
it's an ancient manuscript every policy
have two different cover in tibetan we
call the electrum and then a nation
invaded it means the wood and cloth and
belt more than 700 years old it's
considered so priceless and so
significant to their religion it's never
been shown to a foreigner before so very
important script made available
manuscript because it's a tea mother
gold and writing every page of Buddhist
teachings is meticulously written in
pure gold
it was rescued from a neighboring stupa
after a break-in we're putting in for a
year because mr. pedesta me unsaved way
yes we could keep anything here a second
manuscript also written in gold has
already been stolen and with it ancient
Buddhist teachings here we can launch
then what is the value what is the
Buddhism you don't you didn't have a
history like this it's been sad news for
us
chin may is eager to show us more but
for that we have to join him on a
pilgrimage high up into the mountains
the journey takes us through more of
Mustangs incredible landscape and sights
so this is mushroom cat the cat that
people before the 14th century it's a
very ancient this cave yeah this is the
it's Nicholas before the Buddhism arm
the Himalayan regions Jame asks us to
keep our destination a secret for fear
we could lead thieves to their hidden
icons many hours later we arrive in a
valley and begin to climb
now we get them on the street
oh wow beautiful monsters yes look at
this ancient shrine here we find giant
copper statues including holy Buddah
Stalin's 14th century yes the 14th
century standing Bodhisattva
but sadly even here we've come too late
all of these big statues all their bases
have been cut and the insides have been
taken away why would someone want to
steal what's inside for real in search
of the belongings that are easier to
take than the statue itself
joshie says typically inside these
statues are Scrolls of Tibetan prayers
items collectors would pay a fortune for
so what's this Jimmy this a guru we go
deeper into the monastery so this is the
Vulcan which means the room of the
protector tidy and the protector deities
room ensures that the monastery is safe
that it is safe guarding the monastery
and the villages around so the most
powerful room in the monastery
absolutely
the irony here is that these day bees
were created to protect the monastery
but now they themselves need protective
ater outside Jimmy and his monks carry
out what they came to do holding a
special ceremony asking for higher
powers to keep the monastery and it's
God's sake what do you think Buddha is
saying about those who steal these
things do you think he's angry
now with this no because if somebody is
telling and things is their own Karma
what impact would you say all these
thefts is having on Buddhism if they're
offered so all true it's very sad news
for art also because if the statue at
Unga is not inside the mana see how
people they get blessing from there the
more ancient things are in religious
places of worship the more stories and
histories and tales of their worship
have been passed down for generations
and so people just have more faith in it
you know and and when it's gone of
course the faith is also gone we want to
track down those robbing Nepal of its
spiritual treasures
so we've come to the country's capital
Katmandu it's here we're told dealers in
illegal antiquities ply their trade
posing as buyers and wearing hidden
cameras we enter a store on Katmandu z--
most expensive spot best niches
Wednesday we're shown to a back room we
soon see he is far more than one or two
pieces and they are all ancient what
time line would you place that ad this
is 1450 14th to 15th century in Nepal
selling artifacts more than a hundred
years old is a crime how much for these
two he introduces himself as Deepak
Shasta and says his family has been
dealing in antiques for generations
oh this Benezet pasta was started by my
grandfather my grandfather how many
years they're all together for the
family 65 70 years 65 70 years the one
who opened the first this our shop in
the new before there was no our shop in
Kathmandu
he's the first one deepak also says his
grandfather was called on by Nepal's
King to sell to royal visitors of the
country invite this my grandfather and
his friends all invited put the store on
the palace so that the guests will
choose and we press him on how he
smuggles antiques out of it
what about papers and shipping shipping
is no problem
I can do yes by law the countries
Department of Archaeology cannot issue
export papers on items more than a
hundred years old but DFAC says he has a
tried and proven way so government no
problem getting these out I mean we have
to give some money to under table
otherwise okay I mean it's not legal
okay but still I mean we can get this
damn he's not wrong and according to
Deepak Shakya his contacts includes some
of the world's top dealers auction
houses and museums many pieces from my
own is gone through so I have that and I
have deal with many dealers yeah in New
York many dealers I know in New York yes
ten fifteen years before many the
Christie's of the service there are many
comes here so I always do mostly with
the dealers okay great
so like Rubin Museum yes yes Ruby is
mostly my father has a lot of connection
oh really okay Ruby's Christie's and
Sotheby's I have many thank you very
much
much appreciated really a pleasure
meeting you
we leave promising to return
and take what we've uncovered to police
director nice to meet you hi how are you
good I'm Steve from al-jazeera
I'm pushka Pushkar Karki heads the
central Investigation Bureau Nepal is
equivalent to the FBI he's keen to see
our evidence so in this case he was
referring to the Department of
Archaeology I understand this he is
definitely human activities yep
he knows what the laws are he knows he
has to make fake documents to transfer
them he knows and he's clearly thinking
that he has to bribe people what are
your thoughts well this is something if
you ask me frankly speaking the police
hasn't looked at least in this depth yet
how surprised are you that this sort of
operation is going on right here in
Kathmandu I'm very surprised I mean in a
way it's all I do admit that we should
have been more proactive on this is it
enough for your enough for my force to
act it is
by next morning push cars assemble the
team led by his deputy a big padawan 20
officers have spent the night planning a
raise every items yes we supposed to be
yes think you can give me a pisco
we've been asked to help by again posing
his buyers our role is to confirm the
dealer still hasn't iqua teas for sale
as undercover officers take their
positions we head for the store
hello namaste good to see you yeah this
back in the shops we again meet with
Deepak Shakir he says he sold some of
the ideas including the one that costs
sixty five thousand dollars but not all
it's now this one is still here okay
he's also acquired new ones including
some Hindu artifacts so this was put in
temples right this is temples or
doorways having confirmed that shock is
still has idols for sale okay let me
make a phone call i signal cabinet and
it's men they move in namaste
as I'm just working good I'm just
looking so what is curious throughout
the store authorities uncover hidden
artifacts
over the course of the day
investigators raid three stores in
Katmandu all belonging to the Shakya
family they seized more than a hundred
antiques
Deepak's Shakya and two others are
brought into police headquarters and
charged with trafficking they face up to
five years in jail the raid went well my
guys are still on the documentation
that's something needed to produce from
the court it was a good operation
there's a lot of activities involve here
you buy you sell there's a network Wade
goes way it ends so these are long chain
CIB director Corky wastes little time in
rattling that chain of a legal trade at
a press conference he shows off the
illegal antiquities seized and confirms
Nepalese police are investigating deepak
shakyas shippers and customers they
surprised the multi who's in it
the cargo itself enterprises what about
you go to the hinter response in the
Americas no preeclamptic products on our
planet resume given a museum or papyrus
all
and one of those museums the police
confirmed is being investigated is the
Reuben in New York home to one of the
most outstanding collections of
Himalayan antiquities in the world so
this is your section on Nepal exactly is
our Florida features the master works
from the collection we're here and
they're each anyway we talked about
you're at bridge ski heads the museums
and agrees to show us around the Reuben
has more than 3,800 Himalayan works of
art in its collection including some of
the finest copper and bronze statues in
the world there's really quite amazing
piece of craftsmanship there's a sense
of power and movement yet it's it's
really got this sense of monumental calm
and how did the Reuben come to find this
piece this piece has a long history as I
recall and being in the West already it
was I believe in the 60s and that that
it was in the US and and then was was
collected by there by several collectors
in fact before it entered the collection
of the Reuben family and was there while
most of the collection is displayed in
typical museum fashion in one room the
Reuben has also built a shrine because
that's what those paintings were painted
for and once those sculptures were
created for is you know to serve a
living tradition which their visitors
get a true cultural experience but what
about the Nepalese who once worshipped
these icons should items be returned
back to your country I don't think I'm
going to answer that I don't have a good
answer that you don't have a good answer
for that because it's it's a very you
know saying this very general is it's
it's very hard and that's not the only
question he finds hard to answer in
Nepal authorities recently arrested a
number of antique dealers has the Rubin
Museum done any dealings with Deepak
Shakya or his family the shakyas I don't
think we should answer that
the museum's PR person intervenes that
would be gonna be Korea he was just a
recent rage
I'll get back to you on that a few days
later the Rubin email to say to their
best knowledge they don't have any
connection nor objects from Deepak chef
teah or his family
and if strong guidelines against buying
items known or suspected to be stolen
Christie's and Sotheby's also both
denies selling any stolen artifacts and
state they have no record of ever having
dealt with the Shakya family back in
Mustang tashi says he doesn't fully
blame museums or collectors I believe
that not every museum or not every
private collectors realized that their
collections are some artifacts that they
own have been stolen you know because
because it's a very long process on how
these artifacts are stolen and how they
travel to different parts of the world
but no matter who's responsible it's
estimated that more than 80% of all
Nepal's religious artifacts have been
stolen and sold abroad
policies and practices video to ensure
what remains in Mustang stays here on
the typical Shalu
Tashi is now training monks in his
village monastery to protect their gods
they worship autumn German UserA City
we're trying to record all this metal
statues clay statues the ritual item use
the foremost importance is that we have
a database that has a proper record of
our belongings you know and secondly
this is this database is what can help
us track these items tomorrow in the
future if they get stolen somewhere
caches dream is that one day stolen
items will be returned nothing justifies
the artifacts not being in their places
of origin among the people who worship
them nothing justifies the fact that
they are not in the place where it's
still a part of the living heritage I
think nothing justifies that they're not
here until the artifacts are returned
and a theft star Kashi says the ancient
way of life for his people will remain
under threat
you
