very much US President Donald Trump
ended Wednesday the way he started it
leaving his country and the world very
confused about whether he thinks Russia
interfered in the 2016 presidential
election Trump told US television he did
blame Russian President Vladimir Putin
well I would because he's in charge of
the country just like I consider myself
to be responsible for things that happen
in this country so certainly as the
leader of a country you would have to
hold him responsible but also on
Wednesday Trump told other reporters
this that sent the White House press
secretary into damage control mode he
was saying no he's not taking questions
for Trump's aides this was day three of
cleaning up after the president during
his joint press conference with Putin on
Monday Trump said he had raised the
interference question during their
meeting he just said it's not Russia
then after Republican and Democratic
outrage over Trump's statement the
president spent Tuesday trying to walk
back his word and a key sentence in my
remarks I said the word would instead of
wouldn't the sentence should have been I
don't see any reason why I wouldn't or
why it wouldn't be Russian as far as the
US intelligence community is concerned
there is no question about the Russians
behavior he's got his view he's
expressed his view I can tell you what
my view is the intelligence community's
assessment has not changed my view has
not changed which is that Russia
attempted to interfere with the last
election and that it continues to engage
in malign influence operations to this
day but only a few people are paying
attention to a policy conference in the
American West
what is getting most people's attention
is the stream of mixed messages some
would say alarming messages from the
White House about Russia and the
American political process Russel and
Jordan al Jazeera Washington
