the United Arab Emirates accused of
helping to boost Islamophobia in Britain
a media watchdog says the Emiratis
mobilised opinion in the highest
echelons of the British government
against the Muslim Brotherhood what are
the limits of political lobbying in the
UK this is inside story
hello there and welcome to the program
I'm Laura Kyle the United Arab Emirates
is being accused of helping promote
Islamophobia in the UK the British media
watchdog Spin Watch says the UAE spent
millions of dollars to influence
political decision-making and the
watchdog says the Emiratis pressured
journalists and think tanks all aimed at
influencing the British government
against the Muslim Brotherhood it's been
what says it has leaked email showing
how the Emiratis were involved in what's
described as clandestine lobbying
tactics in both Britain and the US and
it highlights the uri's campaign against
Qatar and the 2022 World Cup the UAE
along with Saudi Arabia Bahrain and
Egypt diplomatic ties with Qatar 13
months ago and imposed an economic
blockade we'll get to our guest shortly
but first here's more from Paul Brennan
in London 2011 Arab Spring saw a wave of
democratic grassroots protests which
toppled longtime leaders and offered the
hope of a new vision for the Middle East
the response by some of the kingdoms and
Emirates of the region was just as
dramatic a report by the spin watch
group says that in the UK the United
Arab Emirates mobilized a narrative
against the Muslim Brotherhood in
Britain in the highest echelon of
government it says the abu dhabi crown
prince and the then Prime Minister David
Cameron had several undeclared meetings
and it says through a combination of
persuasion and threats the UAE campaign
produced results one threat which is
made by the unity to David Cameron was
if you don't institute an inquiry into
the Muslim Brotherhood we will cancel
the Thai food and fighter jets deal from
British airspace I will stop British
Petroleum getting an oil concession in
the UAE now that was successful I mean
an extraordinary effort by the UE to
actually cajole and bully the British
government into pursuing its foreign
policy the success or failure of the
other UAE lobbying is less clear spin
Watch says that the UAE put pressure on
the BBC over its coverage of the Arab
Spring but the BBC in a statement has
flatly denied that it caved in to any
political pressure it's been watch also
quotes a source suggesting that over RT
donation to the
tank Chatham House may have affected
that Institute's research but Chatham
House has vigorously denied that it
could be affected in that way but the
UAE foreign minister is known to have
had close contacts with selected UK
journalists meetings which led the UAE s
PR firm Quiller
to claim that views changed and the
report highlights the ways the 2017
blockade against Qatar saw the
intensification of the UAE s PR campaign
including bitter criticism of katas 2022
World Cup the lobbying rules are look
woefully inadequate it seems to me and
it's been much the greater safeguards to
you know prevent the sort of influence
which seems to have been exerted on the
on the British governments in the way in
which it has been and of course there
you know some of the unintended
consequences have been the growth of
Islamophobia in this country and we're
seeing the expression of that on the
streets of Britain the report notes that
now Teresa May is UK Prime Minister Abu
Dhabi's Klout has diminished
significantly but there seems little to
prevent a possible slide backwards the
central issue in all of this is one of
transparency when does legitimate
lobbying become undue influence and to
quote the report itself promising
billions in return for influence
infiltrating the British media buying
politicians loyalty donating to think
tanks and trying to influence media
coverage some would see as a step too
far
Paul Brennan al Jazeera central London
let's now bring in our panel and joining
us from London
Afzal Ashraf visiting fellow at
Nottingham University from Bristol David
Miller founder of spin watch and also
from London Kevin Craig CEO of PLM our
that's political lobbying and Media
Relations very warm welcome to all of
you David if I just start with you talk
us through for you
what were the key findings of your
report well the key thing about this
report we've done many reports in the
past on elite groups encouraging
Islamophobia but the key thing about
this report was really what we were able
to get leaked to us the internal emails
between Quiller and some of the UAE
handlers and that was really quite
dramatic because it allowed us to see
not just a specific question of
transparency or lack of transparency or
a specific area of activity but allowed
us to see the overall strategy which
they were adopting and that strategy was
really quite wide-ranging as she heard
in the report there yes they were trying
to influence think tanks by funding them
and trying to manage she was employed
there yes they were trying to influence
the BBC by trying to manage she was
reporting from BBC Arabic yes they were
trying to influence journalists by
briefing them secretly and then giving
them information about opposition groups
and about Qatar but they were also
engaging directly with Westminster in
Whitehall with the secretly with the
Prime Minister with Tory MPs with the
Foreign Affairs Committee people with
the old Party Parliamentary Group
splashing money on trips to 5-star
hotels and to to the Gulf so we were
able to see a really wide-ranging
lobbying campaign before we even talked
about the particular things which they
might have got up tonight in that
company okay so these emails just to be
clear here are new to you because some
have looked at this report and said
there's nothing new in it that it's just
a rehash of an old report back in 2015
well if they've looked at the report you
concluded that they haven't read the
report properly because the material we
have got in the report is not rehashed
it's new okay and graben what do you
make of the report what's your
conclusion that you've drawn from it
well just for the record because it's
been so fast-moving I haven't been able
to read every single page
and wouldn't claim to but I have read
the summaries and I do actually think
that David's organization play a
valuable role in discussions around
lobbying and transparency in Britain and
beyond but I am as the founder and chief
executive of one of the UK's leading
lobbying firms
I'm unsurprised by a lot of the content
of it it is not shocking to me that Gulf
states seek to maximize their
relationships with foreign governments
I am very skeptical of the suggestion at
the BBC who we deal with who is up there
with in terms of top tier media as is Al
Jazeera that you can influence the BBC
they're taking phone calls from people
of all opinions left right and center
all the time so I'm very skeptical about
the impact whatever the consultants
claimed and I would say that I think
there is scrutiny is is a very important
thing but in the UK since 2014 we've had
a lobbying register we were the first to
sign it which means you have to declare
every meeting that happens with
ministers where I think there is an
interesting area of debate which spin
watch of uncovered here is that some of
these meetings haven't been declared and
perhaps people weren't that aware of how
many times the prime minister of the day
was meeting with a particular government
but none of that shocks me because in
global diplomacy people who want to push
their own agenda all the time okay
there's a couple of points I certainly
want to pick up on there as the
discussion unfolds just first years do
want to pick up on that point that you
made Kevin about the meet about media
that the BBC and and Chatham House and I
do feel it's important to say they even
again today members of Chatham House
strenuously denied to our team that
there had been any influenced by the UAE
within their think tank so do you think
perhaps David that the the reporters
rather overplayed that aspect of this
story no not at all I mean this is
interesting I mean the the the idea that
the BBC is invulnerable to pressure is
manifestly ridiculous the BBC has been
vulnerable to pressure from powerful
institutions and organizations from the
very beginning
the particular claims that we make in
the report we're very we were very
careful not to overemphasize the Queen's
that we make oh that's the case wouldn't
it be Ricci but also with with shuttle -
we know that that Quiller
produced briefings to target particular
officials in Chatham House we know that
there was an attempt to influence the
kind of people who were there we don't
say that those attacks were successful
but we do note that two of the people
who were targeted no longer have
positions there we're not making any
claim that there was a causal
relationship between the two of those
that so we're being very clear what it
is that we're suggesting that we have
evidence that these people were targeted
we do not have evidence that they were
that causally that that was related to
them no longer having positions on the
question of transparency yes I think
it's correct to say that there are
meetings which are not disclosed and
declared and that I should be looked at
in terms of lobbying legislation but the
problem was far wider than that as our
lobbyist friend knows the the lobbying
legislation that we have is pathetic it
requires looking very deeply at that
that's a key part of this discussion
before we do I just want to pick up on
one point that you made there that
essentially UAE was perhaps unsuccessful
in lobbying or trying to lobby the BBC
and Chatham House and there was no
evidence that they had after what's the
UAE aim here and where was it successful
well I think the arrays aim is no
different from the aim of any other
country and this is one point I think
this report perhaps hasn't made as well
as it could have done and that is that
the behavior of the UAE is in line with
the behavior of every country including
the UK influence is at the heart of
politics what we are seeing here is the
UAE acting in its own interest its
interest in this particular instance was
presumably that the Muslim Brotherhood
represented a threat to security and
stability in the region and particularly
to them and that was the agenda that
they were pushing whether we agree with
that agenda or not is irrelevant the
fact is that that is what they believe
and they were using all the levers of
influence they have in a way that is no
different from the way that the UK the
USA and other countries deploy it I
think the question here is when does
that influence become malign when is it
in in conflict with the interests of a
country such as the UK in this instance
and and I think that is where we should
concentrate and that is where we should
exploit the report it's positive aspects
in generating the debate but I think the
implication there that and I don't want
to be seen to be defending the Huey I
don't agree with some of its foreign
policy at all but in this instance I
think it would be wrong to suggest that
the UAE was acting in any way that is
different from other countries
absolutely and if the UAE had come on
the show we did ask them they were they
did not want to appear they would say
exactly that but everyone's at it Kevin
at what point let's talk about this at
what point does lobbying become
unacceptable I think it becomes
unacceptable when it verges into
corruption and and by the way what a
mistake by the UAE not to take up the
opportunity to take part today's
discussion that's a real silly thing but
it becomes malign when it veers into
corruption I think you know one of the
other good David I think said the
legislation in this country is pathetic
but actually I think it's remarkable
that we can find out so much about what
does go on if I want to find out what
the Mayor of London's had for breakfast
he has to declare it if it's an external
meeting and there are those trips that
we talked about at the UAE where they
attempted to make friends with British
members of parliament and take them to
the Middle East it's all declared in the
members register of interest we have one
of the most expansive records in terms
of what members of parliament of all
parties how they get hosted their
hospitality and I think there are things
we're not perfect but part of the
problem is
perhaps that globally there's not a
parallel level of information I think
the issue is when two things become the
line and corrupt it is normal that the
British government is going to listen to
a foreign government if there is over
six billion pounds worth of contracts up
for discussion at a time when brexit is
going to in the views of many do
miserable harm to our economy
of course the Prime Minister he or she
is going to listen to people who will
inevitably seek to advance their own
interests if they've got big business
and big contracts to place they will at
the same time weave it into their own
interests but as long as we know about
it as long as it's out there that's the
important thing and that's why you know
I do welcome today's report okay so a
dividend do you think the UAE's actions
were malign and corrupt it seems to me
the problem here is that we are all
trying to get to a position of saying
that yes lobbying is a normal thing
what's wrong with that everyone does
this well it's not normal for that for
vested interest to be able to secretly
and covertly and not adequately
transparently pursue their interest let
me just give one example of where this
is a problem the problem is that what
this country was doing was encouraging
racism and Islamophobia in this country
for its own particular sectional
interest back home and that is we've
we've crossed away the idea that you can
I mean the inquiry it was requiring into
the Whistling Brotherhood the
designation of our peaceful Muslim
groups in this country was trying to do
those organizations as terrorists
well because nigger organizations are
terrorists these are perfectly legal
peaceful political organizations in this
country this part of a backlash against
Muslims being active in political wipe
today which means which result which
results in Tommy Robinson's supporters
marauding in the streets in central
London and intimidating but bus drivers
when they're trying to go back their
daily business that's the result of it
and that's where if you caught that
normal lobbying I don't want any part of
normal lobbying after would you agree
with that that this lobbying resulted in
a backlash against Muslims
I'm staggered you see
I've been looking at terrorism and
religious extremism since 1998 and
Islamophobia is a horrible thing and
something that I've suffered from but to
suggest that this was the primary
consequence I find very difficult to to
accept without this instance we had
Islamophobia and I'm sure God forbid we
will continue to have it
I think the point here that David just
made which I think is worth looking at
is the issue of transparency and I think
what constitutes acceptable lobbying I
mean I'm not defending lobbying I'm just
saying that is the currency of
international relations now if you want
to change it we have to change it
internationally but in the meantime we
should have clear guidelines about when
is lobbying acceptable and when it isn't
a corruption of course is one of those
but there are other things values and
laws if any lobbying forces are get our
government to take up stances which
affect our values which affect our laws
and that is an area for scrutiny at
least by Parliament if not by the public
and there is an issue here where
security is affected and intelligence is
involved in those instances that very
comprehensive recording of public
meetings and public act politicians
activities may not be effective but
there are other mechanisms that we
should perhaps bring into place such as
the scrutiny of certain types of meeting
certain types of activity certain types
of lobbying by parliamentary Select
Committee's suitably security cleared
committees or by other mechanisms we
have scrutiny of our intelligence
services
independent clear organizations in
Keaveney lobbying in the title of your
company do any of those some policing
zuv lobbying exists I mean how do you in
your eyes successfully and a
well-planned Lobby a politician there
are a number of things it's about how
you tell a story about the consequence
of a policy or a legislative objective
increasingly these days you get the ear
and attention of politicians by
mobilizing public opinion on a large
scale especially in the UK currently
with such a febrile state in Parliament
where the government is covering
governing with a minority and needs
another political party from Northern
Ireland to govern you there are there is
lots of scope for change in Parliament
you know some of it very progressive
based on the fact that the government is
vulnerable to small swings in opinion
but lobbying works when you tell a story
when you bring it to life with the the
the economic consequences the
consequences of the human beings
involved the consequences of policy on
the environment and organizations public
sector private sector charities pressure
groups all have an opportunity to make
themselves heard and and increasingly
lobbying is more and more about
mobilization of large numbers of people
and the digital age and I don't think we
can ever be complacent at all about
corruption and the principles behind
reports such as this and and an
important groups but it is now about how
do you get politicians to act and they
act whether their left or right if it's
if they're encouraged to act in line
with their values and those that put
them in Parliament and what they are
they're supposedly to do okay if you
have vulnerable are politicians too
aggressive lobbying lobbying well I mean
I think the opposite is the case to what
we've just heard really the what we've
feasted the last twenty or thirty years
as a process of minimizing the
possibility of popular opinion on policy
which means that smaller and smaller
groups are able to affect policy and
that's why it's so important
had the secret meetings or the Dean
godson of the poly 6j that changed
think-tank and secretly briefed I didn't
Cameron because he's his friend without
it being disclosed this is a narrowing
in narrowing it's a system which is
institutionally corrupt their lobbying
is a form of institutional corruption in
politics and so the question of
politicians we look horrible yes they're
much more vulnerable than they were
before if one wants to think of them in
that way as being victims but they are
also of course participants in this
system they get the money they get the
trips they get the center cures after
they leave office they become advisors
for the multinational companies etc etc
and so that's a real problem with with
with our whole system of government it's
not a question just of of breaking the
law or or of corruption in the set of
sense of which people people are talking
about it's an institutionalized malaise
and slight force in making which means
that popular views are less and less
listened to by by government of course
you get a government which would be able
to do to listen to them okay Absalom
just to pick up on that point how
influence has the UK government been by
the different actors in this Gulf crisis
well I don't know I don't think there's
a quantitative assessment of that but I
think the point that just be made is a
very serious one and it needs to be
taken seriously the claim is that
smaller and smaller numbers of single
interest groups are having greater
influence than the popular Democratic
opinion and if that is the case it is a
legitimate point of concern for a
Democratic Society and how do we manage
that well we manage that by looking at
threats in an objective manner and
holding politicians to account and and
calling them out when we have evidence
that they've done this what we don't do
is come up with innuendo and claim that
it doesn't hold up to scrutiny even if
it might be true it needs to hold up to
scrutiny to give credibility to the
point that the author has just made and
I think he's making a very serious and
important point but you can't make those
points by
suggesting that anybody who criticizes
or feels threatened by a political
movement such as Muslim Brotherhood is
now causing Islamophobia I'm sorry but
other politicians both here in the UK
and in the u.s. have caused more
Islamophobic concern than the UAE s
attempt to show their perspective and it
is a legitimate perspective from their
point of view and we may not agree with
it that is the Muslim Brotherhood has
been embryonic in terms of the extremist
movements such as al-qaeda and others in
the Middle East that is a very well
researched and a well held point of view
we should be able to do that shaking
your head but in a sure about
clandestine lobbying many might
legitimately ask who funds spin watch
and Weather Watch has an agenda here
they may certainly ask that and that's
why of course we publish on our website
every organization that gives us money
so we are transparent about that and we
wish that other organizations that were
engaged in this display dispute and
discussion were similarly transparent
because think tanks that we we have
looked at are not similarly transparent
they list some of the people we give
them money but they don't list all of
them so yes we're happy to do that when
they quit for years
the Muslim Brotherhood is an
organization which has many different
forms there is a there's no threat from
the Muslim Brotherhood in the UAE there
is a threat in the UAE and indeed in
other places like Saudi from democratic
reforms and that they have set their
face against democratic reforms and
that's why they're trying to what
they're trying to defend here and the
particular consequences yes of course
it's not only the UAE which is causing
as well for the government 22nd David my
very helpful suggestion David is very
helpful suggestion get a hundred
thousand what the muslim brotherhood
brotherhood needs to do is get a hundred
thousand people in the UK to sign an
online petition in the House of Commons
it will force a committee of MPs to
analyze discuss the British government
response to attempt to campaign by the
UAE let's see if that can happen gentle
it's been a
they sing discussion today thank you
very much indeed for joining us after
all Ashraf David Miller and Kevin Craig
and thank you too very much for watching
you can see the program again any time
by visiting our website at al-jazeera
calm and for further discussion do go to
our Facebook page that's facebook.com
for /aj Inside Story you can also join
the conversation on Twitter
the handle is at AJ inside story from me
laura kyle and the whole team here it's
bye for now
you
