dignitary's journalists and businessman
poured what Ethiopian Airlines calls
it's bad of peace it's the first flight
from Addis Ababa to the Eritrean
capitalist murder this century this we
are connecting asthma and the fact that
we are taking two flights at the time
shows the airline operated two flights
within 15 minutes of each other because
of overwhelming demand the majority
onboard are people separated from their
families by the border war which began
in 1998 I don't have foods to sell we
caught up with that this alum had go a
journalist with the state media as he
packed his bags he was separated from
his Eritrean wife and to total seventeen
years ago she was forced to flee after
being sacked from her government job in
Ethiopia because of her nationality I
will believe this is not a dream when I
land in Asmara
I'd never imagined the possibility of
peace between Ethiopia and Eritrea
during my lifetime the weight and lack
of communication with my family was
painful I felt like I had an incurable
disease Asmara becomes the 115
destination for Ethiopian Airlines which
has also announced because a quiet 20%
of the little-known Eritrean Air Lines
the road linking the two countries is
also been renovated before vehicles are
allowed to fly again
Eritrea has agreed to grant access to
its spots a boon for Ethiopia which lost
its main route to the sea with the
outbreak of the war 20 years ago if we
started connecting our populations we
have a big market in America by some
token returns would tap the opportunist
in Ethiopia so it's our hope that the
opening of the port and the relaunching
rate opinion last was Mara would further
strengthen the economy ties between
senator
renew ties with its much larger neighbor
with a population of more than 100
million people also raises the prospect
of revival for Eritrea's ailing economy
many are now hoping that tricky exercise
of demarcating the disputed border will
go as quickly and smoothly as the
process to normalize relations mohammad
al jazeera addis ababa ethiopia
