it's exam season a stressful time for
many but these children and her Dada are
studying in the middle of the biggest
battle in Yemen's three-year war they
have little electricity suffer scorching
temperatures and are at risk of being
killed on their way to school many is
suffering under very difficult
conditions it's hot we have power cuts
and as a results many students struggle
to study we're nearing the end of the
tests but the good news is has been a
large turnout of students this war has
caused huge frustrations for many
students only 1/3 of my students are
present the other two-thirds have fled
about 35,000 families have fled her dad
is warm but most internally displaced
people are living in such tough
conditions many children simply drop out
of school others have escaped from being
recruited by the warring sides they sent
us to Sanaa taking the back roads they
captured us in a checkpoint they took us
into tunnels and asked us to stay there
they gave us weapons told us to say were
from ISIL and told us to wait for them
and come back we stayed one week yemeni
government forces backed by the Saudi
UAE coalition continued their assault on
Houthi rebels in her Dada which has been
taking place for more than a month the
port handles most of Yemen's imports
making it an important area for the
coalition to cut off the rebels lifeline
but the consequences of this could put
millions of lives at risk the United
Nations says Yemen's education system
has been devastated by the conflict and
since the start of the war about half a
million children have dropped out of
school as the war goes on with little
sign of ending an entire generation of
Yemeni children faced a difficult future
lore about manly al-jazeera
