this was the first arrest but a
corruption scandal had been brewing over
the Peruvian judiciary for more than a
week on Friday five judges were
suspended and the Justice Minister was
sacked it all started with audios
released by website by the air report
errors and the panorama TV programme
which appeared to reveal a network of
bribes and influence peddling judge
Walter Rios was thought to be one of the
leaders the arrest of the president of
the Superior Court of Justice of pay ow
is a good reaction from the very justice
system itself however we believe that
more arrests need to be made it's a big
test for recently appointed President
Martin B scada who pledged to cut out
corruption after his predecessor pedro
pablo Kachinsky was also brought down by
undercover recordings
he's called together a group of legal
experts to plan a judicial reform the
justice system must not and cannot be an
instrument in the service of dark powers
but it must have the basic conditions
for equal access for all citizens to it
for the peruvian public it's yet another
failure of authorities to deal with
rampant top-level corruption of the last
five presidents before Biscay de to face
charges
one was jailed and one resigned just
before an impeachment vote this shows
that we defeated the dictatorship but we
did not defeat the political system that
they organized now the latest incumbent
is facing the uphill task of beginning
to restore Peruvians trust John Holman
al-jazeera
