how are australia's hardline immigration
policies impacting border security and
how are they affecting the lives of
refugees well hear more about the
country's system of offshore prisons in
today's show remember to send us your
comments and questions live via Twitter
or YouTube
Emily kabila I'm Ahmed Chava Dean and
you're in the stream zero chance of
resettlement that's the message the
Australian government has been sending
to asylum seekers desperate to migrate
into the country by boat it's been five
years since Australia began refusing
mainland resettlement for asylum seekers
sometimes described as boat people for
refugees who do take the chance they
face the prospect of indefinite
detention while they wait for their
asylum claims to be processed in
offshore refugee camps the government
says its hardline stance against the
illegal immigration has deterred people
smugglers and illegal boat arrivals but
at what cost here to discuss this is
Natasha Bluto detention advocacy manager
with the asylum seeker Resource Center
she's joining us via Skype from
Melbourne in London al-jazeera Sydney
correspondent Andrew Thomas who covers
asylum seeker policies in Australia and
joining us on the phone is Abdul Aziz
Adam he's been living at Manus Island
for nearly five years he is an asylum
seeker who received his refugee status
three years ago
welcome to you all I should start by
mentioning we did reach out to
Australia's government to take part in
this conversation but they declined our
requests and with that I will start on
my laptop with this quote from the
government from Peter Dutton to be exact
as Australian Minister for Home Affairs
in an interview June 23rd this is how he
describes the policy thus far we're in a
danger phase because only a month ago we
stopped a steel-hulled vessel with 131
people coming out of Sri Lanka there are
14,000 people still in Indonesia and
there is excited chatter among people
smuggling syndicates about the prospect
of Australia being available
and he goes on to say it's essential
that people realize that the hard-won
success the last few years could be
undone overnight by single acts of
compassion and bringing 20 people from
Manus to Australia Andrew with those
words does the government see these past
five years in this never Australia
policy as successful malaika I couldn't
catch the end of your question has the
government seen these past five years as
being a success in terms of their
immigration policy an absolutely huge
success yet the government is very proud
of its immigration policy over the last
five years in fact this was brought in
by the other party in Australia Labor
Party back in 2013 when Kevin Rudd was
Prime Minister but then shortly after
that Kevin Rudd lost an election and the
conservative rights of central
government that came in first under Tony
Abbott's now under Malcolm Turnbull has
run with it expanding it and really
owned it and made it their own and
they're very proud of it and those
comments you heard from Peters are from
there the Immigration Minister a rule
about domestic politics because like it
or not and the international picture is
obviously looks at Australia and sees
these very cruel unnecessarily cruel in
many people's eyes policies but
domestically
these are vote winning policies
Australians do not like the idea their
borders are out of control that's been
proved an opinion poll after opinion
poll and while there is a substantial
minority of Australians who disagree
with that position the government seeks
the voters that are going to keep them
in power are the ones who don't like
boats arriving and they say that if
Labour get back in they'll soften the
stance so what you heard there was all
about the myth and Andrew you know
hearing you say that raises a question
that we put out to our audience our
community we asked if you know the
system is actually deterring illegal
immigration and if it's working and
interestingly enough we got one comment
from Joe Diddley here saying it's
illegal to deter refugees and it is
immoral regardless of whether it
quote-unquote works what an appalling
premise Natasha how do you see success
as an immigration policy is this the
right
measure firstly I think that it's very
interesting that the government starts
talking about both the moment it becomes
domestically uncomfortable and he said
this is all about domestic politics
sentence the moment a Liberal government
becomes uncomfortable in domestic
politics whether it be on another issue
or there's something embarrassing that's
occurred for them then I'll start
talking about works again so they can
plea to themselves all the time
they'll constantly say no votes in
variety we stopped the books and as I
say I'll watch out there was another
boat that arrived last month so it
doesn't really make much sense except
for the fact that it's very evident that
this government is playing political
football with people's lives so I think
this comment that you just brought up is
very very accurate in that even if it
were successful say for a moment that it
was not a successful and that we call
this kind of behavior success which we
of course don't but if we did for
argument's sake I want to show it ok
which is a success at the expense of
somebody's life hmm Natasha of course
valid question there and one that our
community members are pondering and
before we move on to much further I want
to show a map to our audience just so
they get a perspective on what it is
we're talking about here now what you're
seeing on your screens are Australia's
offshore prisons for immigrants arriving
by boat the Manus Island facility closed
on October 31st 2017 but many detainees
still remain in transitional camps on
the island and we got a comment actually
from someone who's among those this is
is a tool of someone whose tweets we
read in our very last show when we
talked about the closing of the prison
there on Manus Island he says I really
don't have hope for resettlement
I already rejected PNG Papua New Guinea
and Australia
I won't those countries don't have
respect for human beings so I hope the
US will give me an appointment Asylum I
hope that's just one hope of one person
but Aziz you are there talking to us on
the phone and Menace Island talk to us
about what it is you're facing in your
time they are Menace well thank you very
much for having me and good
I wanna give you some something about
the current situation in money dollars
and as you know all the talking and
blogging about the government or Peter
doesn't personally he's been making
about the sullen seekers of rich year
money dollars five years ago when he had
been sent to this island being were not
informed that we are going to spend five
minutes of all life on this potential
Center and we were not informed that
this is what will happen to us we're
gonna lose eight of seven or of our
friends and in fact after they send us
to this island we have lost seven of our
friends in which they have been killed
deliberately by the system in order to
send a message for the other people
around the world and we have been used
by the government in order to pass their
agenda in a parliament when you think
you can watch it was easy I want to
pause you there when you say killed by
this system what do you mean what I mean
by killed by the system is and they have
they have giving them the proper
Medicare they did not provide the proper
Medicare and it end up they took their
life away so that's why I call
ascription the labor killed by the
system you know Andrew as you're
listening to that I pulled up this
headline here critics warn of a
humanitarian crisis for 600 asylum
seekers in an offshore Australian
detention camp this is 2017 you when you
were last on our show and we were
discussing refugees refusing to leave
the Manus Island detention center what's
happened since then where are we now
well I was lost there in November in
fact as the PNG the papper New Guinean
police went into that formal centre and
forcibly removed the asylum seekers and
refugees who didn't want to go I've got
to say I think as these would say the
same not to be in a moment but that
wasn't much about protest as it was
about anything else they realized that
man
silence was in the spotlight of media
attention like frankly it really is
anymore because the Australian media is
bordered this story they hardly touch it
but at that moment as that camp the
formal prison like facility on Mouse
island was closed and the refugees are
being moved into more transit camps
elsewhere on Manus Island they knew they
say made a stand excuse to go the media
would cover it and to some extent they
did but that was about it getting
attention but it really was one of the
few times that this story has broken
through into the Australian media
because given that both sides of
politics now in Australia adopt the same
policy they're all saying that those
refugees are mouth on the Roo and never
going to come to Australia there isn't
much political debate to follow the ABC
the national broadcaster in Australia is
taxpayer-funded the government's are
continually warning the ABC that its
funding is at risk in many speech I
wouldn't want to comment but many think
the ABC all's it punches to some extent
and then there's a quite big cohort of
the media that is quite anti-refugee and
pro policy so that was all about getting
attention and who can bind the refugees
for it what the government would say is
that yes it is tough for those refugees
are marathons in the roof but the bigger
picture here is that people are no
longer coming to Australia's you're
putting their lives at risk that's what
I like to say more than a thousand
people drowned
they're both ranked on the way to a
regulator in a few years before they
brought in this policy they don't want
more of that that weren't uncontrolled
immigration by refugees 50,000 people
cave in the few years before 2013 they
don't want to see that start up again
because they want to be seen in control
of the borders and then sell to
Australian yeah yeah yeah well Natasha I
see you're saying yeah yeah yeah you're
as Andrew was speaking of course we know
that you know from 2013 to 2014 of
course the numbers plummeted from 20,000
to 160 but we have a lot of comments
coming on the bigger picture Andrew you
teed up you know that idea of what is
the geopolitical aspect of some of this
why is this even you know happening even
with the neglect full media coverage you
know we have this tweet let me actually
it came in from Sarah Ruby Smith she's
the director of project humanity a group
that
advocates for refugees she said
Australia continues these human rights
abuses knowing that the aid money
Australia supplies to countries like
Papua New Guinea and Nauru will
guarantee they can continue Natasha you
know Andrews nodding I know that we know
that there's more at play here but what
do you make of what Sarah says here you
know that Australia deliberately picked
vulnerable countries with vulnerable
populations unlike true colonialist
nation that they are their government
does whatever they see fit there that's
a hundred percent correct so I have
worked on Nauru and I visited mass but I
probably know the ins and outs of Leroux
a lot better and what I would say is
that Australia is 100% in control of
these centres so the day to day
operations the movement of people the
provision of staff every single aspect
of these camps is administered by
Australia and yet stay abscond their
responsibility to Papua New Guinea and
Naru and they do that to make the point
that they the Australian government
denies that they control Manus Island
constantly tell people like you and
people like me in the media this is not
a question for us all now about Papua
New Guinea's government's put questions
for them because they never applied to
you nor us likewise no I'm with you
Australia's government in practice
controls everything that happens in
these places but they deny
responsibility and are able to because
these are on paper at least sovereign
countries that's right and I mean yeah
the thing that I would go back to
something that is you said earlier he
commented that seven people had died on
Manus and that those seven people's
desks with the responsibility of the
Australian government so I just want to
add to the in total 12 people have died
under this policy so seven on Manus five
on Nauru twelve in total for a lot of
those people have seen the medical
records that have outlines their decline
outlined their mental health
disintegration to the point where you
know one man has two people in fact have
set themselves on fire
so that's self-immolated a man threw
himself out of a bus a number of people
have overdosed a number of people
upon themselves and you can see in the
Australian Government's own records
their mental health deterioration in
great detail so we obtained the medical
records that written about people by
item s international health and medical
services which is the medical contractor
that the Australian government pays to
provide health care and they are the
ones who have not provided sufficient
care or not responded sufficiently or in
some instances you can see where they've
recommended again and again and again
that a person receives a certain type of
treatment and the Australian Government
so Australian border force which is a
government department have declined that
request for medical care and as a result
the person has eventually died so that
that line of responsibility is extremely
clear as you mentioned what you're
describing is conditions on NAIRU i want
to share with our audience a couple of
pictures that aziz sent us moving
through on my computer here aziz you've
told us that these are the transition
centres on Manus Island and I move over
to the next one here talk to us about
what it is that we're seeing these
pictures that you sent of what looks
like perhaps newly refurbished or newly
built transition centres what are the
conditions like there well basically
this two or three hundred centers they
have been built back then one of them
have been being parked in in 2015 and
the other two they have been built
recently when we have been forcibly
removed out of the form of detention
center in one room and also let me just
take you back and about what the end the
point that he said about 4c really
removes we have been deeper than we have
been denying a medical access and water
for 24 days and they want us to come
outside here in Papua New Guinea and
they want us to resettle in Papua New
Guinea and we had mentioned to the
authorities so clear that we prefer to
stay inside and we will look
to ourselves and he no longer need your
services
24 days we feel we have a feeling of his
freedoms and we knew ourselves that this
is the thing that it missed from us for
the last four years we haven't had any
access even to take one single step
without asking their permission or
without coding by one of their security
guards and we have been enumerated we
have been abused and we have been
disrespected we're to the point that
they want to force us to move our
dignity you know what happened right now
is Australia is abusing is abusing
innocent people and they are not
respecting the international law and
which is teaming right it just be to
them it's kept in works and Australia
they are in control of Manos Island I'm
one of the men who will spend five years
of my violence and I did much of my
research and I find out that Manus
Island has been controlled by the
struggle forgive me for interrupting you
I just wanted to stop people your stop
you're right there for a sec because I
want to bring in some other voices to
this conversation people who are echoing
this idea of who really is controlling
the situation you're saying Australia is
control based on your experience again
Sarah Ruby Smith pointing out that the
Australian Government has been very
clear for example when New Zealand
wanted to deal directly with Papua New
Guinea to take some refugees from Manus
Peter Dutton again suggested this would
jeopardize Papua New Guinea's relations
with Australia so you know that's maybe
an indication that they are very much in
control but I wanted to also put this
towards you from rashik on Twitter
saying the question isn't about what we
had asked which is you know are there
human rights violations happening but
how is Australia getting away with it
for the last five years you know what
are the UN International Human Rights
mechanisms to solve this or other
governments saying to Australia based on
your experience there for now almost
five years what would your answer be
Aziz - rashiku how are they getting away
with this
well I don't think they're gonna get
away with it but as we can see in a
front picture that Israeli government
they are really more effective
to get away with it because no one will
judge Australia as long as astrology is
one of the American allies no one gonna
judge them for the last five years I
have meant more than ten different
organization communitarian organizations
on top of that organization is UNHCR
they have visited us for more than ten
times and every single time they come to
the island we tell them the story and we
keep recording every single incident
that happening here but as modified we
don't see any we don't see any movement
from the international community and in
fact like we know whether it's a big
country but at the end of the day the
law has to apply to each and every
country on the world not just only being
you know the third world country like
Africa all immediately no one is above
the law but in fact let me take you back
on 2001 Australia detain people on Manus
Island for six and a half years for 16
how he is and at the end of the day they
just said that they compound down and
they took those people back destroy but
no one even raised words they were the
words went on the media but the
international community did not involve
rain and all we've been hearing is this
is a national security matter right and
these IQ there I can see Andrew trying
to get in there Andrew it's very
unfortunate as their big Australian
government doesn't come on a program
like this because what you don't get
then is the other side of the coin so
I'm going to play that role promote not
that I agree with it but because I want
those arguments to be you know robust
it's necessary by Natasha and there's
these but what they would say is the
first of all resolve prisons these
people on Manus like Aziz and in the
room are free to walk around mana saw
and they're free to walk around the room
that's true I think - Manus Island
people can walk around freely albeit
you're on an island and it's a boat
remote islands you can't get off there
at that point one second is and they can
leave as well in theory they can go back
to the countries they came from I mean
is that a practical thing for somebody
who's fleeing persecution well again
that's not the Australian government and
they would also say that they are
resettling refugees they've got this
deal with the
the states almost 300 refugees have now
been resettled in the US and the number
therefore on romanís is dwindling what
they'd also say though is that we're
making the wrong comparison here we
should have been comparing facilities
and the and what happens for refugees in
Australia and about 20,000 refugees get
resettle in Australia every year through
the United Nations scheme Australia says
it's very generous there
we shouldn't be comparing the refugees
of manners in the room with them we
should be comparing them with those
didn't have the money or the means to
get on boats and coming through
Australia why should the queue jumpers
of the Australian government would call
them be treated differently from a
refugee stuck in a natascha want to
politely interrupt you Andrew and I want
to ask you because I think that this
will paint the picture of something that
he said earlier about the loss of
dignity and the loss of humanity in
these sentence as it's can you hear me
over the last five years essence how
many times do you think service
providers and people in the detention
camps or transit centers have referred
to you by name and how many times do you
think they've referred to you by your
number well in fact I'm glad that at
least I can hear now people call my
name's but I am I've been known to the
system or to this government or to the
service provider on on on mana felonies
I think a number not a name and not only
me but 100 men or 200 men in every
detention centre they just refer them as
in numbers and on top of those people I
can say my name is on the top but they
never call my name I had several
arguments with the security guard like
why you don't call my name and they say
look we have been introduced to you by
the authority that you are only in
numbers you are not in name well you
know it's always easier to I mean that
dehumanization I don't want to bring up
that argument but actually if I can with
the time we have and
I want to quickly go back to something
you referred to in terms of referring to
these things as prison camps or
detention centers we have HD Flores
saying I have two responses to a
question we had put out in social media
one I find your use of the word prison
to be interesting it implies
criminalization and predetermined
lengths of time to serve a sentence he
questions Australia's policy makers if
they also view them as criminals within
a prison system of course Andrew
appreciate you bringing the other side
what do you think they would say how
much does terminology factor in terms of
you know keeping the Australian public
in support of this policy well it does
matter
they absolutely reject the word prison I
did a long interview about a year ago
now as Peter Dutton the Home Affairs
Immigration Minister and he got quite
angry when I kept using the word prison
but I kept saying to him will in effect
that's what these islands are and he put
the point I said earlier that they are
free to go back to their countries that
they can walk around the islands they
are not prisons and they also make this
important distinction in their eyes
between refugees who have been through
the process confirmed to be fleeing
persecution by the Australian and Papua
New Guinean on the ruin government and
asylum seekers who have claimed asylum
that have had their claims turned down
and quite a lot of those still on
marathons in the roof fall into that
second category and the biggest question
of all frankly is what was going to
happen to them United States deal that I
mentioned earlier as well that is
resettling nearly 300 men women and
children now it may yet resettle some
more but it's not resettling Iranian
refugees nor Somali refugees who make up
big numbers on those two places because
of course those two countries come under
all Trump's Muslim travel ban so cool so
again as a big question there is what
will happen on for those people right
and and I will add one more thing they
would say and have said this being the
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull in June
22nd interview here in Australia we have
one of the most generous refugee and
humanitarian programs in the world the
reason we can do that is because we
decide the Australian government
representing Australian people who comes
to Australia not people smugglers our
thanks to our guests that's all the time
we have Thank You Natasha blue chair
thank you to Andrew Thomas and Abdul
Aziz Adam I will give the final word
though - Larry Forbes who wrote to us on
Facebook saying for the past 22 years
excessive Australian governments have
worked hard to groom their electorates
to make them beer and hate asylum
seekers their justification is
supposedly that such cruelty will keep
Australia's border safe he doesn't think
that's the way to go about it
you
