critics have called it an expensive
display of Western arrogance with more
than a billion dollars spent and just
for conviction so far all of them
African some member nations have
threatened to quit but supporters argue
the International Criminal Court does
what it's set out to do provide justice
to victims and a deterrent to
perpetrators of some of the world's
worst atrocities yes the punitive gap
has closed it has it may not be perfect
it is not perfect by any means but we'd
rather get going then focus and what
happened when there was none at all
as the ICC's founding statute of Rome
turns twenty this week commemorative
events and it's smart new headquarters
in The Hague look to the future we must
be in our resolve to create a world that
seeks justice for atrocity crimes
universally applied and blindly applied
let the room started continue to guide
us towards that better future for all
the ICC was founded as a permanent court
of last resort from which no leader
rebel group or army could hide now
despite grumblings among some of its
members severe budgetary constraints and
the difficulty of arresting indict ease
without an international police force at
its disposal the permanence of this
court isn't in doubt but there are
significant gaps in its reach and in
global commitment to it big powers like
Russia China and the United States
aren't members and while cases can be
referred to the court by the UN Security
Council all of those countries hold veto
powers Russia is blocking efforts to
send Syria to the International Criminal
Court even though the Assad government
really with Putin's backing has
deliberately targeted civilians as a way
of waging this war China seems to be
standing in the way of sending Myanmar
changed National Criminal Court even
though it at nicly cleanse 700,000 row
hinge of Muslims in the course of a
month you know the United States is
continuing to try to protect Israel to
protect Saudi Arabia so there is a very
principled approach to international
justice all of which puts alleged war
crimes in Syria and Gaza beyond its
reach
but the ICC is broadening its scope with
new investigations in Venezuela the
Philippines Georgia and Afghanistan but
it must also compete with the rise of
nationalism and growing disdain for
global institutions ominous signs for
the strengthening of international
justice
Jona Hal al Jazeera The Hague
