trunks gather at the kalam Ã¡rbol silent
border post it's the only official
crossing for Goods and fuel into Gaza
from Israel but the Israeli government
has now all but closed it it says it
will let food and medicine in on a
case-by-case basis but not fuel
essential for power and gases basic
services many of the almost 2 million
people here only get electricity for
four to six hours a day
I hope this fuel blockade doesn't last
because it will cause hundreds of
problems and life will stop sewage and
rubbish will pile up and other projects
will come to an end people will not be
able to go to work the Ministry of
Health will not be able to treat
patients an official in Gaza fuel sector
tells us that Gaza needs around 700,000
litres of gasoline and diesel every day
just to meet its basic needs now with
these new restrictions by Israel that
fuel simply isn't coming in anymore of
course Gardens have already suffered 12
years of Israel's land air and sea
blockade and these latest restrictions
come after the worst escalation of
violence between Hamas and Israel since
the 2014 war Israel says it launched
dozens of air strikes at Hamas targets
in the Gaza Strip in response to
Palestinian protesters launching kites
or balloons carrying Molotov cocktails
across its Gaza fence Hamas responded by
launching around 200 rockets mortars and
incendiary devices an Egyptian brokered
ceasefire was announced on Saturday
night Israel says fires caused by the
kites have destroyed more than 10,000
hectares of crops and private land in
recent weeks whose also put further
restrictions on Gaza fishing industry
reducing the area fishermen can work in
from six to within three nautical miles
it's estimated at least 50,000 families
are in some way involved in fishing in
Gaza Israel has been decreasing our
fishing area for years they have killed
an injured fishermen and confiscated 45
boats they are trying to get us out of
the sea
and put further economic pressure on
Gaza the ceasefire between Hamas and the
Israeli military is holding but Hamas
says it cannot stop every Palestinian
from protesting using the kites and
balloons Israel says it will continue to
target them until they stop
Charles trafford al Jazeera Gaza
