no more Ashiya Benassi attended the
Truth and Reconciliation Commission
hearings in South Africa shortly after
apartheid ended she wanted to find out
why government soldiers shot her brother
at a train station in 1993 she was never
really told the truth about why he died
and say she can't forgive and forget
she's not part of a group with people
like her me to try and find a way to
heal there were three bodies that lay on
the side of the tracks they had been
shot a week later we were told his
remains were at a mortuary I had to go
through the body bags looking for him
Nelson Mandela South Africa's first
black democratically elected leader made
reconciliation a priority of his
presidency one of his biggest
achievements was his role in setting up
the Truth and Reconciliation Commission
it investigated crimes committed during
apartheid on both sides to try and unify
a racially divided nation political
analysts say it worked to a certain
extent at that time there was
uncertainty about the country's future
and whether the different races could
live together but more than 20 years
later South Africa still struggles with
race and other challenges factions in
the ruling African National Congress
threatened to divide the continents
oldest liberation movement millions of
black South Africans continued to live
in shanty towns with little access to
running water electricity or quality
health care Nelson Mandela's legacy of
tolerance and reconciliation has been
threatened over the years by social
conflict in South Africa this country
has one of the highest rates of
inequality in the world the poor black
majority say they want jobs and lands
some sort a freakin spheal the promises
of a better life for all made in 1994
haven't materialized in many areas of
the country fifty percent of black youth
are not in employment are they going to
see employment in their lifetime it's a
question that needs to be asked
repeatedly some young people born after
apartheid are starting to ask questions
about whether medela spend too much time
focusing on reconciliation instead of
improving conditions for the poor
no morale shobana say and others in her
group say they admire Mandela's
willingness to forgive people even those
who refuse to apologize for the crime
that committed during apartheid
she says she's still trying to find that
strength and hopes today's leaders work
harder to build a more racially and
economically inclusive South Africa the
kind of country some say Mandela would
have wanted to see
