Abid harp is one of the protests
organizers there are many reasons why he
along with other Lebanese have taken to
the streets this is about condemning the
state of the economy the government's
repeated failures to provide basic
services like electricity the rise in
school fees the high pollution levels
and the recent decision to suspend
subsidized loans provided by the
government's housing bank suspending the
housing loan is catastrophic for those
who were planning to get married
thousands of Lebanese have now postponed
their weddings because of this people
are already struggling and they can't
afford a normal interest rates I'm one
of them the property market is now
stagnant apartments are vacant some
people made down payments and say they
can no longer continue to pay without
receiving the loan developers too are
unable to complete projects because of a
shortage in cash because we're not
talking only about contractors and
developers but we're talking about a
horse of service providers when the risk
aid goes everything goes Lebanon's
economy is far from healthy shops are
closing down government revenue can't
keep up with spending more than 70
percent goes to paying public sector
salaries and debt servicing
international donors have pledged 11
billion dollars in loans and grants to
Lebanon for infrastructure and economic
projects but first Lebanon's government
must implement and fiscal reforms and
reduce the budget deficits which
according to economists is growing five
times faster than the economy but to
implement reforms there needs to be a
government
politicians are still fighting over
ministerial portfolios weeks after
parliamentary elections we want the
government these protesters say but they
are demanding new faces right now we can
only make a living the World Bank says
Lebanon loses 10 billion dollars a year
to corruption enough is enough is what
they chant but it's not the first time
the Lebanese have raised their voices
and it's not clear if this time they
will be hurt that Naqada al Jazeera
Beirut
