it took turkish investigators 13 days to
finally be given permission by Saudi
authorities to enter their consulate in
Istanbul but just a few hours for them
to uncover more evidence they say proves
that journalists Ramalho shocked she was
killed after entering it
the Turkish Attorney General's Office
exclusively telling al-jazeera
that its team of investigators were able
to not only recover evidence from the
crime scene but also that there had been
a clear attempt to tamper with it
earlier on Monday a team of cleaners
arrived at the diplomatic mission a
bizarre occurrence considering the
circumstances they were then followed by
Saudi investigators who were part of
what's been billed as a joint task force
with questions being raised as to how
the main suspects in a crime can have a
lead role in the investigation itself
there are still so many questions that
need answers
why did Saudi Arabia send an autopsy
expert if as some of its media outlets
have been claiming the plan was only to
question
Ashok gee how did the Saudi government
not know of the operation when it
apparently involved two of Crown Prince
Mohammed bin Salman personal bodyguards
and where is John Malkovich Audrey's
body a full investigation would look at
all of the cars that left the consulate
from the time that khashoggi entered up
until even now and presumably it's the
personnel on the consulate and you'd
want to look at their homes and their
cars often one can find DNA evidence of
incredibly minut amounts but telling in
vehicles well after an event occurred so
I would look at that I would look
actually at presumably the Saudis have
cleaned everything with with chlorine or
who knows what but I would I would look
at the drain pipes and I look at all of
the belongings of the members of the
staff who have come in and come out the
case has forced multinational
corporations like Ford virgin and JP
Morgan to withdraw from an upcoming
investment conference in Saudi Arabia
the kingdom's stock exchange suffered
losses on Sunday true all of this
coupled with the fact that the interests
of regional and superpowers are at stake
could mean that we may never know the
answers it's why people will be
monitoring closely to see what evidence
Turkish authorities will reveal to the
public once they complete their
investigations Tuesday marks two weeks
since Jamal Hazuki is believed to have
been murdered
those who killed him appear to have
wanted to silence him instead however
their crime has triggered criticism and
outrage from around the world much of it
directed towards the Saudi government
jamal al al al jazeera Istanbul
