they want electricity clean water and
jobs
protesters have continued to congregate
in southern Iraq for a second week these
people say police stopped them from
setting up a protest camp at the buzzer
governor at office we were sitting
peacefully and a long convoy from the
Army and golden division stormed our
tent we said we are peaceful protesters
and not terrorists
they said you have to remove your tent
or you will be arrested
we are strong we are acting on our own
free will
we are not picking from Maliki or a body
we are simply raising our own demons on
Sunday the protests spread to many
southern provinces including with Ana's
Samaha city at least two people were
killed and dozens injured including
security personnel what security forces
response was excessive it was
disproportionate to the peaceful
protests angry protesters may utter bad
words but live ammunition was fired at
protesters some have been attacking
officers of major political parties but
Buster's main port and the airport in
Najaf have reopened if we disrupt the
oil production everyone will run to us
including the US and respond to our
demands
do not push us to the limits so far we
are peacefully demonstrating and these
protests are merely a warning we are the
residents of Basra not infiltrators were
simply raising our demands which are
clean water electricity basic services
and jobs our peaceful protests are met
with bullets
Arab senior cleric has supported the
demonstrators Grand Ayatollah Sistani
says people face an extreme lack of
services
but the doll subtle the leading
contender to form the new government
after a contested election earlier this
year has sent a delegation to Basra he
asked people to protect public property
outgoing prime minister haider al-abadi
has tried to offer 10,000 jobs in Basra
and pledged three billion dollars for
education health water and other public
areas but so far it's failed to convince
people who say they don't trust any of
the politicians sama Ben Javed Zahra
