just ten days after the start of a trade
war between China and the United States
have timely summit in Beijing China's
leaders are hosting the European Union's
top officials one of whom had an urgent
plea directed at China as well as United
States and Russia it is a common duty of
Europe and China America and Russia not
to destroy this order but to improve it
not to start trade wars which turned
into hot conflict so often in our
history China's leadership wants a
united front against u.s. President
Donald Trump's trade policies and is
hoping for an ally in the EU which is
also quarreling with Trump over trade as
well as defense to me the US trade
friction is the problem between us China
doesn't want to trade well with the US
we think there is no winner from a trade
war any actions that violate the World
Trade Organization rule serve the
interests of no one even though EU
officials disagree with President Trump
they remain wary about being part of a
coalition against him that's because
many European business executives here
also share Trump's concerns about doing
business in China China's leaders have
promised to further open their economy
to foreign investors the message from EU
officials on Monday we hope you mean it
this time
China has made strong pleas to keep
markets open and fight protectionism
this is reassuring to the EU and its
business community however we would like
to see these encouraging words
translated into more concrete action
from China to further open up investment
even before the trade war began ten days
ago China's economy was starting to slow
on monday figures showed the growth fell
slightly from 6.8 to 6.7 percent in the
last quarter factory output was at its
lowest in two years most of what these
factories produce are for export which
for now underpins China's economy but
April
tractor trade war could slow growth by
much more Adrian Brown al-jazeera
Beijing
