this is Eagle the Eagle newly named in
honor of the soaring performances of
Russian goalkeeper Igor Akinfeev at the
World Cup and now a number one
attraction at Moscow Zoo well our team
have never played like this and we
wanted to celebrate our brilliant
goalkeeper Igor Akinfeev an eagle is
similar to a keeper with it's quick
reactions and it's sharp eye
we hopes but we never expected Russia
could do so well now it would be unfair
to describe eagle as a Legacy Project
but his naming is just one of the many
unexpected consequences of this World
Cup the bigger question is once all the
fans and footballers have flown home
what of true value and importance
aside from Igor will be left behind
Russia has spent billions of dollars on
new stadiums that will benefit some
elite level teams but photographer
Sergey Novikov has chosen to spend the
last six years focusing his lens on the
sort of pitches where World Cup stars
would fear to tread
he says the lack of basic facilities for
many young players is a problem
untouched by these finals I found out
that the many facilities for football
now in the country still from Soviet
times you can see the old stadiums and
if the previously they play the
professional teams with many spectators
so now the amount of people who goes to
stadiums to 300 people and all the
infrastructure and facilities is not
very well developed the event has given
many Russians a rare chance to meet fans
from all over the world and for
preconceptions to change on both sides
an unusually relaxed police presence
effectively giving the green light to a
5-week moscow street party journalists
urease african believes something more
meaningful than memories will be left
behind I've never seen anything like
this before
the constant celebrations like a holiday
like a festival or a carnival it's a new
feeling the feeling that the people are
connected not to state TV channels not
the people sitting in Kremlin but to the
people on the football field this is
being a World Cup where real life
connections made by football fans rather
than social media noise made by
politicians has been the story Andy
Richardson al Jazeera Moscow
