the port was damaged and the boat sank
months ago when cyclone mucuna hit this
region but not much has changed in the
yemeni archipelago of Socotra the UN
says 60,000 people were affected by the
cyclone in May when Yemen's government
declared a state of emergency
we have shortages mostly of food
supplies including flour sugar and oils
these food items used to arrive aboard
ships these ships used to carry food
supplies to Oman and socotra five of the
ships loaded with food supplies to
socotra were destroyed during the storm
it's called the most alien looking place
on earth but its rear socotra dragon
trees are likely to be chopped down to
be used for fuel people here rely on
food imports and demand is expected to
get bigger during the monsoon season
which usually lasts four months due to
the storm and low tide water level
dropped three to four meters as a result
large vessels cannot call at the port
terminal vessels are transferred to
another destination to offload but slow
progress is because of the conflict
between Yemen's government and the
United Arab Emirates over the presence
of Emirati troops on the island the UAE
insists its role in socotra is
humanitarian but the local authority
sees the UAE as an occupying force
Emirati forces have agreed to leave but
there is no clear plan on who will
replace them the UAE had promised to
build housing for the families affected
by another cyclone back in 2015 that's
still under construction
listen man again no one knows why the
project has not been completed we are
average citizens attending to our cattle
or fishing to earn our daily bread maybe
the government officials know the reason
or only God knows this was supposed to
be part of the UAE s campaign to win
hearts and minds of the people of
Socotra but people prefer to stay in
huts they say the newly built houses
weren't built properly
these are difficult conditions severe
heat and extreme cold every aspect of
life is very hard socotra slow keishon
means it's likely to be hit by more
harsh weather and people hope that those
in power who fight over control can
deliver on their promises of a better
life some oven Javad are there
