are you confident of a deal by Wednesday
Prime Minister are you expecting a
cabinet mutiny tomorrow Prime Minister
British prime minister Theresa May finds
herself fighting for a brick seat deal
on multiple fronts
this was her message to Parliament on
Monday so much of these negotiations are
necessarily technical but the reason
this all matters is because it affects
the future of our country
it affects jobs and livelihoods in every
community it is about what kind of
country we are and about our faith in
our democracy of course it is
frustrating that almost all of the
remaining points of disagreement are
focused on how we manage a scenario
which both sides hope should never come
to pass on which if it does will only be
temporary we cannot let this
disagreement derail the prospects of a
good deal and leave us with the No Deal
outcome that no one wants on Sunday
talks with the EU had seemed close to
agreement on the terms of Britain's exit
but largely over attempts to avoid a
hard border on the island of Ireland
they collapsed
mrs. Mays plan to keep the whole UK
inside the EU customs union for the
duration of talks on a future trade deal
met opposition from progress its
ministers and factions in her own party
who complain it would limit Britain's
ability to strike trade deals outside
the EU the EU meanwhile insists the UK
honor its earlier commitment to keep the
territory of Northern Ireland inside the
single market as a backstop should trade
talks fail Theresa Mays unionist
partners in Northern Ireland responded
by threatening to withdraw their support
for her minority government it was
always going to be a difficult week for
Teresa May and the British government
but it's become much harder hard to see
how she can achieve any sort of unity
within her own cabinet with senior
ministers said to be considering their
positions over the latest proposals hard
to see how she can achieve much at all
with EU leaders in Brussels on Wednesday
night and hard to see frankly how any
meaningful deal can emerge at all in
present circumstances between the UK and
the EU
and there's increasing talk of a no
deals scenario Britain crashing out of
the EU with nothing but World Trade
Organization rules to govern future
relations time to panic Barney are you a
little worried be patient your patient
be patient
not yet according to the --use chief
Briggs it negotiator perhaps all is not
lost
Jonah hull al-jazeera London
