it may not look that impressive but this
piece of concrete is the spots where the
Qatar 2022 World Cup will kick off it
can also be seen as symbolic of this
country's solid determination to make
this tournament a success as it enters
the second year of a blockade imposed on
it by its Gulf neighbors initially that
prevented some construction material
from getting into Qatar but organisers
now say that all eight stadiums are on
schedule with all of them ready two
years before the World Cup kicks off
frankly speaking it hasn't affected
construction on the site there were
materials originally sourced from the
blockading countries however those are
not the only sources of material in the
world there are plenty of other
alternatives and we quickly diverted our
sourcing to other places the world and
other shipping routes and got things
back on track instantly so the sale
stadium over here will host both the
opening game and the final and when it's
finished in around two years time it
will seat around 80,000 spectators now
with the tournament being moved to
December it also means those fans will
avoid the kind of summer heat that we're
experiencing today as part of its
winning bid cats are promised to take
apart many of the stadiums at the end of
the World Cup and send sections to
developing countries to help them grow
the game of course that's only part of
the legacy Qatar's leaders and World Cup
organisers are still hoping football can
bring this region closer together
football always has a has a way of
bringing people together sport in
general does look when it comes to the
to the point of view of the state of
Qatar we haven't stopped anybody from
entering Qatar we aren't the ones that
have taken a decision to cut ties or to
blockade anybody all fans are welcome
fans from the blockading countries are
welcome
I really hope above everything else that
people will walk away with the true
sense of what our hospitality is Middle
Eastern hospitality is unique and it
goes above and beyond in all regards and
I really hope that people will feel that
makeup I'm fairly confident that they
will so while the next global festival
of football will make history in the
Arab world it also comes with its own
unique set of political goals
