first this week the leaders of Ethiopia
and neighboring Eritrea declared the end
of a more than twenty year long war it's
hope that will help boost economic
growth in East Africa Ethiopia's economy
has grown at a faster rate than any
other African country in the past ten
years and it's been trying to open up
its economy but foreign investors and
local businesses complain a shortage of
foreign currencies like the US dollar
are stifling the private sector
mohamed auto reports from addis abeba
this is the greatest European
Renaissance Taman the Blue Nile nearing
completion the project has been fully
funded by the government and the people
of Ethiopia it's a fact many here are
proud of yet ambitious infrastructure
projects like the dam have put pressure
on the country's foreign reserves which
are already in short supply foreign
currency shortage is the worst that I
have witnessed in my entire life and its
all-time low that we have heard of and
seen and this is because look at the
economy look at the construction sector
you look at the manufacturing sector
look at the import everything in the
government projects all those that have
been planned ambitiously have slowed
down another cause for the crisis is
that it European sells far less than
what it buys the International Monetary
Fund says that Ethiopia's foreign
reserves at the end of the 2016 2017
fiscal year stood at 3.2 billion less
than what it spends on imports in two
months
in recent years ETOP has encouraged
massive Chinese investment in industrial
parks to create employment and increase
exports the government has directed
banks not to issue foreign currency to
importers who are not in sectors
considered a priority such as from
for some manufacturing and with no means
of paying their suppliers many have been
forced to close down at addis ababa
largest market Marcato traders complain
of how bad businesses forest Halil
imports textiles from China and Dubai
Mariana Agha getting supplies is a real
challenge for us increasing prices are
also keeping customers away last year
the government devalued the local
currency by fifteen percent in an effort
to boost exports and contain rising
inflation but prices kept rising we
don't fix the prices that is builders
the farmers in rural areas do depending
on their production costs even if he
appears new Prime Minister Abbott
acknowledges that there is no quick fix
to the problem for now he's calling for
more cooperation with the private sector
it's European one-time ally of the
Soviet Union is now enduring some of the
paints of capitalism but they are
growing pains the IMF is focusing a
growth rate of 8.5% this year far above
the global average for now it seems
Ethiopia is still an African economic
force to reckon with so joining us now
from London is Charles Robertson global
chief economists with Renaissance
Capital good to speak with you again so
let's talk about the the growth picture
first is Ethiopia going to be able to
sustain these growth levels we've done a
lot of work on Ethiopia and it's a very
odd model they've got for development
but a very odd model is produced very
very high growth on our last big report
we focused on the fact that they were
running out of foreign exchange to
sustain that model and they were going
to have to start to raise dollars one
way or another they've done a euro bond
but it wasn't enough
and it was creating big distortions in
the economy so it's a matter of how can
they get the cash they've been borrowing
from China and the recent declarations
from the government suggest that they
might start to raise the money by
selling some of their kind of the golden
goose if you like or at least selling
steaks in their golden geese of their
major companies like
if you have you telecom or or the
airlines and that way they can bring in
the dollars that they need to be able to
buy the investment goods that they need
to be able to drive growth what's your
assessment as well as the of the digital
economy in Ethiopia and how that factors
into its economic growth this is there's
there's an awful lot of PR a very
successful PR campaign that that's
making out Ethiopia to be going for the
next China and I think that that is a
valid comparison as long as you have the
next China meaning with a fifty year lag
not a ten or twenty year lag if you want
a ten year lag behind China go to
Vietnam but but Ethiopia's much much
further behind and and part of this we
we look at things like adult literacy
less than half of the adults in Ethiopia
can read or write in any language that's
not what you need if you're going to be
a part of a digital economy you've got
to at least be able to read what's on
your mobile phone they can't and the
consequence of low adult literacy is
about 49% in 2015 is that you also
cannot have an industrializing story
either and again despite the PR
Ethiopia's manufacturing sectors around
4% of GDP there's only 8 countries in
the world with smaller manufacturing
sectors than Ethiopia it's not what
people think of when they think of
Ethiopia they think of textile mills and
shoe factories and and it being a
competitor to Bangladesh but the
education numbers the electricity
numbers are just not there for either a
digital economy or a big manufacturing
sector it's still a very rural very poor
agricultural economy and one of the big
stories this this week on Ethiopia is
that they're mending fences finally now
with Eritrea how much of a peace
dividend is that going to potentially
bring for Ethiopia with the peace deal
with Eritrea they can rebuild those
links to Eritrea create a second export
routes and perhaps then get a better
price when it comes to exporting their
goods through the ports so there's a
benefit for for longer-term trade
from that side of the story in terms of
say the defense budget or so on I think
I think their major issue is big
domestic security not so much the
problems with Eritrea where you've just
had to stalemate for the best part of a
generation so it's an in this regard the
Prime Minister is also seen as a new
hope someone who can perhaps ease the
domestic tensions in Ethiopia and
therefore perhaps the government will be
able to invest a little less in defence
internal security a little more in
infrastructure
Charles Robertson in London thanks very
much for being with us as I've talked to
you
