Germany is the dominant economic power
in Europe which is why China's Premier
Li Keqiang was there last week signing
deals worth twenty four billion dollars
on Monday he'll host a summit in China's
capital with leaders of the European
Union
they've also fallen out with the US
president over trade mats Harborne heads
the European Chamber of Commerce in
China
he says Europe doesn't want to take
sides in the current us-china trade
dispute but many of the chambers 1600
members complain the investment climate
remains too restrictive at the same time
China needs to recognize that the root
cause of the problem is the perception
that China is dragging its feet in
fulfilling its own promises of reform
and opening China's President Xi
Jingping likes to portray himself as the
standard bearer for free trade promising
to widen access for foreign investors
yet the results of a recent survey of
European companies in China showed some
had serious concerns about the pressure
and restrictions applied by China's
government echoing the concerns of
President Trump and we asked our member
companies if they have felt compelled to
transfer technology for market access in
nineteen percent percent said that's
indeed the case that may sound a little
or March it depends on how you look at
the issue but in our view it should be
zero
so for now it seems Europe is weary
about moving too close to China there is
though one issue on which both sides
agree reform of the World Trade
Organization which China joined 17 years
ago and that could mean new rules that
could constrain
some of China's trade practices this
summit could well determine just how
much China is prepared to concede by
coincidence WTO officials have been
reviewing many of China's trade policies
the EU and the United States are China's
two most important export markets both
are currently suing China at the WTO a
further reminder
of this complicated three-way
relationship Adrian Brown al-jazeera
Beijing
