frustration pours into the streets of
Iraq demonstrators say they've had
enough no jobs and limited services have
reached the breaking point
we have wounded people and cannot
evacuate we have two injured who are
still lying in the streets and two
others who were taken away in the
oil-rich city of Basra like across the
country security forces are on high
alert they've used water cannon and tear
gas blocking protesters from storming
the main provincial government building
but throwing protests people have
reported an Internet shutdown and
disconnected telephone lines we're not
gonna maybe you see those who assault
the institutions of the state and the
security forces and its investments
disrupt the aspirations of the people
should be held to account
unrest has been simmering over the past
week against a backdrop of political
instability following May's contested
and unresolved election results
protesters have blocked roads and burnt
tires and in the city of Najaf they
stormed the airport and the ruling
party's headquarters security concerns
led to major airlines to suspend all
flights to that city the Acting
government says violence will not be
tolerated
responding to the protest directs prime
minister haider al-abadi has promised to
invest three billion dollars and jobs
housing and services but the people of
Iraq are losing patience with the
country's fractured politics the
government is not totally in control of
the situation there are other parties
the militias of the other parties which
are fighting between each other
Iraq's government is calling on people
to be patient but many on the streets
say their patience is wearing thin
Katya Lopez soda yawn now Jazeera
