leaving for Florida president Trump
revealed he spoken to the Saudi King in
a 20-minute call he got a Saudi denial
that anything to do with the
disappearance of Jamal Khashoggi I just
spoke with the king of Saudi Arabia who
denies any knowledge of what took place
with regard to as he said his Saudi
Arabian citizen I've asked and he firmly
denied that I've asked Secretary of
State Mike Pompeo to immediately get on
a plane go to Saudi Arabia faced with
such a denial the president floated a
theory of what may have happened at the
Saudi consulate a narrative pushed by
some Saudi media we're gonna try getting
to the bottom of it very soon it is not
acceptable a number of politicians on
both sides have criticized the
president's position Lee former
Democratic vice presidential candidate
Tim Kaine tweeted president Trump's
response to Jamal khushu g's
disappearance reveals a man more willing
to trust authoritarian leaders than
reliable intelligence one Middle East
analyst says the president is performing
a difficult balancing act blaming it on
another element such as some sort of
quote/unquote rogue element would enable
the Saudi leadership to avoid being held
accountable if the public is going to
buy this or not is another question when
it comes to the future
this seems to be more questions than
answers the Saudis are still pressing
ahead with a large Investment Conference
in the kingdom next month even though a
growing number of high-profile figures
are boycotting the event after Richard
Branson and the head of uber announced
they were out last week now the head of
JPMorgan Chase Bank top international
finance figure Jamie Dimon and the
chairman of the Ford Motor Company Bill
Ford say they won't be going US
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo is now on
his way to Saudi Arabia what he asks and
what he's told me well dictate what
America does next Alan Fisher al Jazeera
Washington
