we're told politics and sports should
not mix but the 2018 World Cup in Russia
was politicized before a single ball was
kicked several months ago former British
Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson seemed
to suggest that England pull out of the
competition to protest Russia's alleged
poisoning of a former spy on UK soil I
think it will be very difficult to
imagine that UK representation at that
event could go ahead in in the normal
way an articles upon articles explore
the ethical dilemma of allowing Russia
with its questionable human rights and
political record to host such a
prestigious tournament the politics
didn't stop there as the competition
reaches its climax
here are five times politics reared its
head at this year's World Cup the game
between Switzerland and Serbia was tenth
before the kickoff mainly due to two
players on Switzerland's team Swiss
players shared in Shaqiri and granite
jacket are of kosovo albanians descent
their families fled serbian repression
in kosovo in the 1990s when Yugoslavia
officially split in 1992 Kosovo with its
Albanian majority remained part of
Serbia much to the frustration of its
population
Serbia is repressive policies against
the cost of our Albanians gave rise to
the cost of all Liberation Army and war
between the KLA and the Serbian army
brought out in 1998 according to Human
Rights Watch the Serbian government led
a campaign of ethnic cleansing executing
thousands of cost of armed men women and
children Kosovo declared its
independence from Serbia in 2008
something Serbia still refuses to accept
even though Kosovo is recognized by 117
states this brings us to the double
eagle celebration performed by Shakira
and jacker in the match against Serbia
to the south of Kosovo is Albania and
this is their flight 93 percent of
Kosovo's population is ethnically
Albanian and many of those cost of our
Albanians consider themselves part of
Greater Albania this makes
ultra-nationalist Serbs very unhappy and
the imitation of the double eagle
were seen as a territorial dig at Serbia
the players were fined by FIFA for
unsporting behavior and
warming gestures that provoked funds in
the stadium that was not the only
provocation that happened during the
Switzerland Serbia game
ultra-nationalist Serbia fans showed up
at the Kaliningrad stadium wearing
shirts depicting the face of Bosnian
Serb general Ratko Mladic
a man considered to be a national hero
by many Serbs 75 year old adage is known
as the butcher of Bosnia and was
convicted of war crimes last year he
orchestrated this rubber Nitze massacre
of 1995 when over 8000 Bosnians were
killed by serb forces accounts of the
massacre tell of how the soldiers bound
the Bosnian victims with a wire and slit
their throats according to former
British defense secretary George
Robertson Malevich also worked with
Serbian paramilitary units and possible
who committed atrocities against the
ethnic Albanians it's not quite clear if
the Serbia fans wore those shirts to
intimidate the Swiss cause of our
players Shakira and jacker the Serbian
affair was fined 54,000 Swiss francs for
their fancy displaying discriminatory
banners and messages during the game
several football associations have been
fined for a variety of reasons are this
World Cup mostly due to agitation by
their fans but Poland was fine for
displaying a mysterious banner
mysterious because FIFA won't release
information about what it was after a
bit of research we found the banner and
found out the incident is getting pretty
controversial in Poland the banner shows
the Polish coat of arms alongside an
altered version of the town of xaro's
emblem whoever made the banner added the
ultra-nationalist meat shit crop rag or
symbol to that Rose emblem roughing the
sword in the middle with a ribbon in
Poland's colours the symbol is likened
to the Nazi swastika or the white
supremacist version of the Celtic Cross
and was banned from Poland stadiums in
2005 UEFA banned it from the 2008 euros
onwards the Secretary of Zara pure
fatemeh gala expressed the town's
concern for its reputation
he also said the town has started legal
proceedings to see what polish laws were
broken by this modification of the
town's emblem
Mohamed Salah the Egyptian King it could
be argued that he's one of the top three
players in world football today
reports have emerged of his frustration
with political attempts to exploit his
fame it started when the Egyptian
Football Federation used his image on
their World Cup bound plane without his
permission violating image rights
agreements he had with other firms
things were made worse when the Egyptian
Football Federation picked Grozny
Chechnya as a location for their World
Cup base in spite of it being far from
their group games Chechen leader from
Jean Collier who has been accused of
human rights abuses against political
opponents journalists and sexual
minorities was quick to staged photo ops
with Salah in what critics say was a
move to bolster his image Kadyrov denies
that saying he was there as a fan and
not as a collet ition but he even made
Salah an honorary citizen of Chechnya at
a banquet he hosted for the Egyptian
team and Talal wasn't particularly happy
with her according to anonymous sources
who spoke to CNN the sources also said
he is now considering quitting the
Egyptian national team something the
Egyptian Football Federation denies
despite the commotion Mohamed Salah has
remained his humble reserved self making
no public statements it's hard to watch
the World Cup when you boycotted the
country that has exclusive rights to
broadcast those games in your region
Qatar base sports channel B in old all
rights to broadcast the 64 World Cup
games in the Middle East and North
Africa the last year as part of a
blockade of Qatar led by Saudi Arabia
and the United Arab Emirates the two
countries Vandy in sports and cooked
their citizens off from legal World Cup
coverage the UAE dropped the ban on the
broadcaster just before the World Cup
started but the Saudis didn't a few
months before the World Cup a pirate
sports channel beat out few appeared
offering being content with a 10-second
delay the fire station is broadcast
through Arab sat in Riyadh satellite
broadcaster whose main shareholder is
the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
both the Saudi government and Arab site
have said they have no affiliation with
the pirate station turkey al-shaikh head
of the Saudi Sports Authority is openly
hostile to be in and has recently
accused a network of politicizing its
World Cup coverage through anti Saudi
commentary
I'll shake seem to be referring to a
Moroccan guest on the in who commented
on Saudi Arabia's vote against Morocco's
2026 World Cup it Herman Badillo
Philistine iam in a said any a ble ohm
mean affirmative elephants 13 he
continued by affirming that Morocco was
a sovereign nation with a right to
remain neutral in disputes such as the
Gulf crisis FIFA is considering legal
action against the pirate channel for
infringement of their intellectual
property rights with the Gulf crisis
ongoing the beam battles look likely to
continue so that I will take on how
politics got into this woman's world
cooked what do you think we missed
anything
