mother Qi is a community in mourning
sixteen people from this village
recently died in a boat accident that
was caused by torrential rains omar abu
bakr survived the accident but the death
of his brother means he will have to
take on the additional responsibility of
looking after the large family he left
behind two wives and 16 children
for 10 years we've witnessed floods but
this years is the most tragic
we lost our brother most of us can't
farm anymore
even if you wanted to all of the victims
are buried in this cemetery near the
village this is a spot where 39 farmers
were killed just a few days ago they
were traveling in an overloaded wooden
boat like this one when it sank many are
still missing locals here say the floods
and death and unwell currents that are
also affecting agricultural production
despite the devastating loss Muhammad
when a case is already back at work
after losing a large chunk of his farm
in the flooding he really has no time to
mourn the loss of three family members
we've lost 20 hectares of farmland
including the crops the losses are huge
I can't afford to take a break his
priority is to grow food for the family
now he will have to replant his crops if
he is to harvest enough many farmers he
actually depend on rain to help produce
crops the situation in Mota is repeated
in many farming communities throughout
Nigeria and experts are warning that
more heavy rains are in the forecast the
consequence is what it will have effect
on agricultural productivity and the
quantity of crop that will be produced
farming is only means of survival of
these people and if it continued year in
year out without mitigating the Menace
of this flooding definitely the food
security situation would deteriorate as
a range speak in a few weeks time many
farming communities living in Niger as
fertile basins are bracing for more
losses or wider implications on the
country's agricultural output
Hamid Idris al Jazeera MODOK
