French fans in Moscow are experiencing a
familiar feeling for the third time in
the last six World Cups their team is in
the final the Croatian fans and
footballers are going where no Croatians
have gone before the Croatian team may
not be looking quite as fresh-faced as
they were for their pre-tournament
photographs all three of their knockout
games have gone to extra time so they've
effectively played an extra game when
compared to France
Croatia strength is their ability to
dominate possession in midfield with
players like Luka Modric and even racket
itch and the danger posed by their wide
players even Paris each will be aiming
to exploit leann experience a French
fullback Benjamin pavada
many of their key players including
modrich are the wrong side of 30 this is
their one chance to win football's
biggest prize
the Seneca Pradesh Nakano to me the most
important thing is to never give up and
believe in yourself and just push
forward no matter what is in your way
there are ups and there are downs but
whatever happens you need to continue to
believe in yourself and that's it France
have a generation of players arguably
more talented than the squad that won
the title in 1998 much has been said
about the impact of teenage striker
Killian and Bappi but this is a team
built on a strong defensive core
goalkeeper and captain Hugo Lloris has
excelled raphaÃ«l Varane has stood tall
in the defense and the work of holding
midfielder and Golic ante allows and
bapin code to run free this is also a
side determined to heal the scar of
losing the European Championship final
on home soil
two years ago mustard fossil and
although they're not sure it's the inner
strength of our team from the beginning
of the tournament which has guided us
this will help us to overcome any
challenge this is certainly the most
important match of our career
superstition may also have a role to
play in deciding which set of fans are
celebrating on Sunday night in 1998 on
their way to winning the Cup French
defender Laurent Blanc used to kiss the
ball for head of his goalkeeper Fabian
barters before every game 20 years on
and the players have taken to stroking
the considerable facial hair of their
defender adora me
before every game Andy Richardson al
Jazeera Moscow
