Helsinki a city that during the Cold War
was used as one of the few places where
Western allies and the Soviet Union
could talk some believe relations are
almost at a Cold War level again yet one
leader keeps talking up the positive and
I said Putin may be the easiest of them
all you never know
the biggest blow to relations was
Russia's seizure of Crimea from Ukraine
the first time a part of one country had
been stolen by another in Europe since
World War two at the time it was
condemned by the US NATO and the EU
however in recent days at two news
conferences in Belgium and the UK
President Trump was asked if Russia
should give back Crimea and each time he
dodged the question what will happen
with Crimea from this point on that I
can't tell you well we'll have to see
what happens far from here the Syrian
war seems to be entering its final
phases the Assad regime with support
from its allies Iran and Russia has the
upper hand
the US and Israel want to reduce Iranian
presence in the country and its
influence in the region could there be a
grand bargain in the works only days ago
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu was in Moscow Putin could
perhaps persuade a sad to ask Iran to
leave his country Trump could lift
objections to Russia's control of Crimea
far-fetched perhaps but just listen to
the way the ukrainian ambassador to the
UN is clinging to previous statements by
members of the US administration on
crimea i think that and that was
confirmed several times by many many
other US officials from
mr. Bolten to the the the spokesman for
the White House and many other officials
who confirmed that the principal policy
of the US will stay the same that that
the illegal annexation of Crimea by
Russia should never be recognized
remarkably for part of this summit in
Finland's presidential palace Trump is
likely to meet Putin alone just as he
did in Singapore with Kim jong-un in
June the u.s. his closest allies are
worried what this most unpredictable
president might agree to behind these
walls James BAE's al Jazeera Helsinki
