a few weeks ago is European area chair
were bitter enemies as they had been for
the past two decades now they're
behaving as if they're the best of
friends in a train president desires are
for working arrived in Addis Ababa on
Saturday to dancing and loud cheers
thousands turned out another suburb
under tight security to welcome him his
visit the latest step in ending a long
military standoff I thank the people of
Addis Ababa for this wonderful reception
for the aerotrain president I'm very
happy to be here these two people are
now one people is Europeans new Prime
Minister BM it made a similar visit to
Eritrea capital last weekend where he
was welcomed by a for worki with hugs
and laughter the 42 year old Abbi broke
the ice last month by fully embracing a
peace deal that ended in 1998 to 2000
border war that killed tens of thousands
and left family separated diplomatic
trade and transportation brings and to
the delight of families who've been
separated by the dispute they will
reopen embassies flight routes and
direct telephone lines the sudden change
in relations is surprising many but it's
just the beginning of what could be a
long peace process both sides will also
need to follow through on their
commitments this week Ethiopia submitted
a request to the United Nations to lift
sanctions honor atreya in a show of good
faith Mohammed Al Jazeera Addis Ababa
Ethiopia
