outside angry demonstrators protested
against the u.s. administration's
deportation of Mexican migrants and the
separation of children from their
parents but inside the office of
Mexico's president-elect Andres Manuel
Lopez Obrador
it was handshakes all around just two
weeks after his election for top US
officials including US Secretary of
State Mike Pompeo and president Donald
Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner had
dropped by apparently on the initiative
of the White House it was a priority for
me and our team to come to Mexico soon
after the election to begin building our
relationship with him and his team we
share nearly a 2,000 mile border the
United States is committed to making
measurable progress that ensures the
security on both sides of that border
the meeting was unprecedented breaking a
60-year tradition in which the Mexican
president-elect visits Washington first
to meet and greet his US counterpart
they invited themselves if they can come
back to the states with a with good news
about the future of key issues such as
NAFTA immigration etc well that
definitely will matter a lot for the
midterm selections it's too soon to
announce good news but the left-wing
president-elect did hand Pompeo a letter
for president Trump outlining Mexican
initiatives for future bilateral ties
based on four key issues of common
interest trade migration security and
development we are going to wait for
President Trump to receive the letter
before revealing the contents to the
Mexican people and we hope that we will
receive mr. Trump's response within the
next few weeks he added that the meeting
gave them quote reasonable optimism
about finding common ground with
Washington no small feat given the deep
rift between both neighbors since
President Donald Trump took office the
meeting lasted for less than an hour but
above all this was an opportunity for
both sides to size up each other and
perhaps that's because if the outgoing
President Enrique
Anita has been widely seen by his
countrymen as having been too submissive
to US interests lopez obrador
is expected to be anything but you see
in human al jazeera Mexico City
