it is a big operation in this small
beach in Senegal to clean up the
shoreline it's not just happening here
it's happening across the world it
started 30 years ago across the Atlantic
in the United States where a few
volunteers started picking up litter on
the beach but the litter has multiplied
since we find car batteries being washed
ashore tires mattresses syringes baby
diapers and a lot of plastic the sewage
from the city of 1.5 million people is
poured into the ocean it's as if a
hurricane had hit the coast and
destroyed hundreds of homes but make no
mistake this isn't a tropical storm it's
humans using the ocean as a dump site
out of sight further into the Atlantic
in the Pacific are large Garbage Patch
three times the size of France right now
is about trawling an equipment that will
start cleaning up those areas but it's
still a long way to go now here back on
the beach people are trying to recycle
whatever they find
we need to be united to get rid of
plastic from the ocean every day we dump
5 million tons of plastic bags we need
to change our habits scientists say the
oceans are the lungs of our planet just
like trees it transforms the co2 into
oxygen except it's an organism that's
suffocating there are species that are
disappearing because of the pollution
here at stake it isn't just a cleaning
operation it's about changing public
perception of the ocean seeing it as a
living organism that deserves to be both
protected and cared for
