lingering scars in a city amid deep
political turmoil broken windows at a
bank from rocks thrown from protesters
the charred remains of a cellphone store
set ablaze calm has been restored to the
streets but the anger still burns and
it's directed at Prime Minister Jacky
levanta he is feeling pressure from all
sides to step down after his botched
plan to raise fuel prices caused
widespread rioting and looting on
Saturday Parliament will discuss the
Prime Minister's future a no confidence
vote could mean he's gone but so far
he's been defiant Haiti's president
Giovanni Moyes is also under pressure to
intervene and on Friday his spokesperson
said the president is analyzing all his
options to end the crisis at this point
yes president has a lot of respect for
the Prime Minister but he's also talking
to everybody and thinking about what he
can do and the president is prepared to
take any difficult decision and listen
to all sectors in order to halt the
violent street protests from a week ago
the government temporarily suspended the
rate increase on gasoline keyword
temporarily that rate increased through
this country into political chaos we
asked the government if they plan to
reimpose it right now it is not the time
to hike the gas price again we're
focused on the political crisis the
people have spoken
we have listened our priority is to have
everyone back to work and back to normal
but it's uncertainty about what happens
next and has an opposition making
threats to take to the streets again and
they're mad what happened last week was
a warning to the president there will be
more in the coming weeks it could be a
defining weekend for a country where
signs of unrest are evident everywhere
Gabe Rose Ando al Jazeera port-au-prince
