it was a moment many doubted would ever
happen the signing of a nuclear deal
with Iran three years later its survival
is very much in question European powers
are doing what they can to keep the deal
alive but the challenges may be too
difficult to overcome the Iran deal is
defective
at its core president Donald Trump
announced the US withdrawal in May
describing the deal as one-sided under
the agreement Iran limited its uranium
stockpile and nuclear program sanctions
were lifted allowing Tehran to resume
trading oil and gas on the international
market Germany Britain France along with
Russia and China want to make the deal
work without the u.s. but talks in
Vienna have left a little progress and
they may all face American sanctions if
they continue to do business with the
ramp but Iran on the other hand wants
guarantees much more what we want from
the countries who signed the agreement
is a clear commitment that preserves the
rights of Iranians this includes all
economic factors because the agreement
is a nuclear political and economic deal
at a NATO meeting in Brussels Trump
seemed as confident as ever that Iran
would in the future return to the
negotiating table I know they're having
a lot of problems and their economy is
collapsing but I will tell you this at a
certain point they're going to call me
and they're going to say let's make a
deal and we'll make a deal but they're
feeling a lot of pain right now
Trump's administration accuses Tehran of
what it calls the stabilizing behavior
in the Middle East which is one reason
why Iran and more specifically its role
in Syria is expected to feature
prominently during Trump's upcoming
summit with Russian President Vladimir
Putin Iran has said the US can't be
trusted to keep its commitments for now
Tehran is focusing on maintaining the
core of the agreement and trying to
limit the impact of looming sanctions
katia Lopez / Y on al Jazeera
