hello I'm handsome seeker this is
counting the cost on al-jazeera your
weekly look at the world of business and
economics why China is pledging billions
of dollars in loans to revive the Middle
East from quantum computing to 3d
printing we'll look at the world's best
innovators in 2018 and what it means if
you live in a country that didn't make
the top ten plus the economic landscape
in the Horn of Africa is changing as a
new era of peace looms
the first China is keen to win friends
and influence in the oil-rich Middle
East it is the world's second biggest
consumer of crude and this week it
dramatically stepped up its investment
in the region with a pledge of more than
twenty three billion dollars in loans
and millions more in eighty a President
Xi Jinping said China also once talks on
free trade areas she is putting forward
an oil and gas plus investment model two
representatives of 21 Arab nations at a
forum in Beijing he believes it's a
model that can create jobs and help
safeguard China's future energy
requirements but there's also the
trillion dollar belt and Road initiative
this mega project aims to link people in
Asia Africa and Europe via an
ultra-modern trade route it is a
reinvention of the ancient Silk Road for
the modern age and the Middle East plays
a vital role so let's take a closer look
at what's happening first of all the
region provides more than half of
China's crude oil imports which ina
believes this makes Arab countries
natural partners of the belt and Road
initiative their location as well is
right in the middle of the ancient trade
route Saudi Arabia's vision 2030 and
other development strategies have all
been linked to it now China's goal is to
double its Middle East rate to 600
billion dollars by 2020 it is now the
largest trading partner with the region
Saudi Arabia sold more oil to China than
the United States for the first time in
2009 in 2018 Chinese Saudi Cooperation
now extends to space exploration but
China is also Iran's number-one export
partner Iran is an important link of the
one belt one road with a high-speed
railway plan to connect shinjang and
Tehran well joining us now from Hong
Kong is Reuben Monde aha professor for
Asian initiatives at the IESE Business
School at the University of Navarra in
Barcelona thanks very much for being
with us so what should we read into the
timing of this investment it is is this
all part of China's to what extent is
this all part of China's one belt one
Road initiative yeah ostensively that is
the explicit platform that in which they
are making the investment but this is
part of a long-term plan of China to
secure its resources for the future so
you know the oil is very important
energy resources for China will be more
and more crucial in the coming 10 years
20 years 30 years so they have already
invested in other places like Africa and
South America for other resources but
for the oil middle-east of course is the
the primary area and of course the
platform that they are conveniently
using now is the belt and road and that
is I think just just a good timing now
it seems though that because of this
current situation with the trade war and
all of this isolationism protectionism
and all of these charges China needs
friends and this is a good timing to to
make friends by announcing 23 billion in
in economic largesse and too many people
who've been following this of course
this is simply an extension of China's
investment that it already has in the
Middle East particularly in Saudi Arabia
what what projects is China already
involved in there they have already with
some countries ready they they have
already begun that in the past but this
is like they are doing this as as a club
to the whole Arab League they are
counting 20 to 22 countries and not only
that they want to make a free
trade deal with each of those countries
which now at the moment there is no such
such thing yet so this is this is the
the step that are going to do so the you
know that the the Chinese also
especially in in in transportation
because of the influx of Chinese
tourists in in that have gone to the
Middle East so they have actually been
increasing their contacts contacts with
them investing in different services
sectors there is this also can its also
be seen as as as China stepping into the
void of what has traditionally been a
sphere of US influence and and the
perception with this Donald Trump's
current America first policy and this
this whole idea of kind of stepping back
from from foreign affairs or is it what
should we read in into the timing of us
in that respect well you can see it in
that way but that's only one one point
of view so it's not just really stepping
into the void as I said there's also
kind of this securing the resources for
the future and then also making sure
that the belt and road is more tight so
that they link because they're linking
ports also in in the Middle East but you
know the Middle East is always it's more
problematic for example than than South
America in the Middle East is probably
the most kind of volatile region in the
world at the moment
so then China is stepping into a very
difficult area and you mentioned earlier
Chinese an extensive investment in
Africa
because what attracts a lot of countries
to Chinese investment is a very often it
comes with few conditions attached to it
particularly in in in the political
arena is is that the same thing going on
there with with Middle Eastern countries
not only that China's a particular way
of investing so they they bring their
own labor for example
it's not China it's not very flexible in
many ways they can be effective but in
their own terms so on this create some
problems with the countries that they're
going into so they don't easily melt
with in the local local population first
of all the the language is most of the
countries in the world English is a
second language so China for China that
is still a difficult difficult language
for them and you remember you're talking
of when they build ports when they build
roads they will bring their own workers
and sometimes this creates frictions
locally good to speak with you Reuben
Monde aha in Hong Kong all right still
to come on counting the cost protests in
Uganda after the government moves to tax
social media apps but first this week
the leaders of Ethiopia and neighbouring
Eritrea declared the end of a more than
twenty year long war it's hope that will
help boost economic growth in East
Africa
Ethiopia's economy has grown at a faster
rate than any other African country in
the past ten years and it's been trying
to open up its economy but foreign
investors and local businesses complain
a shortage of foreign currencies like
the US dollar are stifling the private
sector mohamed auto reports from addis
abeba this is the greatest European
Renaissance dome on the Blue Nile
nearing completion the project has been
fully funded by the government and the
people of Ethiopia it's a fact many here
are proud of yet ambitious
infrastructure project like the dam have
put pressure on the country's foreign
reserves which are already short supply
foreign currency shortage is the worst
that I have witnessed in my entire life
and it's all time law that we have heard
of insane and this is because look at
the economy look at the construction
sector you look at the manufacturing
sector look at the import everything in
the government projects all those that
have been planned ambitiously
have slowed down
another cause for the crisis is that it
appears sells far less than what it buys
the International Monetary Fund says
that Ethiopia's foreign reserves at the
end of the 2016 2017 fiscal year stood
at 3.2 billion less than what it spends
on imports in two months
in recent years ETOP has encouraged
massive Chinese investment in industrial
parks to create employment and increase
exports the government has directed
banks not to issue foreign currency to
importers who are not in sectors
considered a priority such as from a
sitacles and manufacturing and with no
means of paying their suppliers many at
addis ababa largest market Marcato
traders complain of how bad businesses
forest Halil imports textiles from china
and Dubai Mariano Agha getting supplies
is a real challenge for us increasing
prices are also keeping customers away
last year the government devalued the
local currency by fifteen percent in an
effort to boost exports and contain
rising inflation but prices kept rising
we don't fix the prices that is builders
the farmers in rural areas do depending
on their production costs even
Ethiopia's new prime minister bia but
acknowledges that there is no quick fix
to the problem for now he is calling for
more cooperation with the private sector
it's European one-time ally of the
Soviet Union is now enduring some of the
paints of capitalism but they are
growing payments the IMF is forecasting
a growth rate of 8.5% this year far
above the global average for now it
seems Ethiopia is still an African
economic force to reckon with so joining
us now from London is Charles Robertson
global chief economists with Renaissance
Capital good to speak with you again so
let's talk about the the growth picture
first is Ethiopia going to be able to
sustain these growth levels we've done a
lot of work on Ethiopia and it's a very
odd model they've got for development
but a very old model is produced very
very high-growth on our last big report
we focused on the fact that they were
running out of foreign exchange to
sustain that model and they were going
to have to start to raise dollars one
way or another they've done a euro bond
but it wasn't enough and it's creating
big distortions in the economy so it's a
matter of how can they get the cash
they've been borrowing from China and
the recent declarations from the
government suggest that they might start
to raise the money by selling some of
their kind of the golden goose if you
like or at least selling steaks in their
golden geese of their major companies
like if you have you telecom or or the
Airlines and that way they can bring in
the dollars that they need to be able to
buy the investment goods that they need
to be able to drive growth what's your
assessment as well as the of the digital
economy in Ethiopia and how that factors
into its economic growth this is there's
there's an awful lot of PR a very
successful PR campaign that that's
making out Ethiopia to be going to the
next China and I think that that is a
valid comparison as long as you have the
next China meaning with a fifty year lag
not a ten or twenty year lag if you want
a ten year lag behind China go to
Vietnam but but Ethiopia's much much
further behind and and part of this we
we look at things like adult literacy
less than half of the adults in Ethiopia
can read or write in any language that's
not what you need if you're going to be
a part of a digital economy you've got
to at least be able to read what's on
your mobile phone they can't and the
consequences of low adult literacy it's
about 49% in 2015 is that you also
cannot have an industrializing story
either and again despite the PR
Ethiopia's manufacturing sectors around
4% of GDP there's only 8 countries in
the world with smaller manufacturing
sectors than Ethiopia it's not what
people think of when they think of
Ethiopia they think of textile mills and
shoe factories and and it being a
competitor to Bangladesh but the
education numbers the electricity
numbers are just not there for
either a digital economy or a big
manufacturing sector it's still a very
rural very poor agricultural economy and
one of the big stories this this week on
Ethiopia is that they're mending fences
finally now with Eritrea how much of a
peace dividend is that going to
potentially bring for Ethiopia with the
peace deal with Eritrea they can rebuild
those links to Eritrea create a second
export routes and perhaps then get a
better price when it comes to exporting
their goods through the ports so there's
a benefit for for longer-term trade from
that side of the story in terms of say
the defense budget or so on I think I
think their major issue has been
domestic security not so much the
problems with Eritrea where you've just
had to stalemate for the best part of a
generation so it's an in this regard the
Prime Minister's also seen as a new hope
someone who can perhaps ease the
domestic tensions in Ethiopia and
therefore perhaps the government will be
able to invest a little less in defence
internal security a little more in
infrastructure
Charles Robertson in London thanks very
much for being with us as I've talked to
you now the makers of a controversial
weedkiller are on trial in the United
States a California groundskeeper who's
dying of cancer is accusing Monsanto of
ignoring the health risks of its product
roundup if he wins it could open the
door to hundreds more cases against the
chemical giant from New York here's
Kristen salumi Monsanto is a global
giant and biotechnology and chemical
production it makes much of its money
and agriculture but its products are
also used in local parks and people's
gardens this weed killer called roundup
is made with those consumers in mind -
Wayne Lee Johnson is suing Monsanto
blaming roundup for giving him a form of
cancer called non-hodgkins lymphoma
the 46 year old father developed these
skin lesions and the disease which is
now slowly killing him after spraying
gallons of roundup weed killer as a
school groundskeeper for two years in
California he accuses Monsanto of
suppressing evidence of the
risks of glyphosate particularly when
combined with other ingredients which
are present in the weed killer if a
chemical company sells a product and
they know or suspect that that product
can cause cancer they have to warn they
have to give us a choice just hook it up
to your hose Monsanto maintains its
product is safe to use as directed life
estate is applied to weeds once absorbed
it travels to the roots where it blocks
a specific enzyme found in plants not
animals or humans with lamé it's made in
advertising campaigns like this one as
well as in court it points to findings
by the Environmental Protection Agency
and other regulatory agencies billions
of dollars could be at stake for the st.
louis-based company which was recently
sold to Bayer not only in worldwide
sales of roundup but also in seeds which
the company has genetically engineered
to be resistant to the pesticide for
Dwayne Lee Johnson he may have had his
day in court but he may not see justice
served
his lawyers say he's expected to die in
the next few months the name Monsanto
regularly appears in polls of the most
hated companies in the US so not
surprisingly perhaps the people who now
run the company have changed the name
German drug maker and agricultural giant
Bayer concluded a sixty two point five
billion dollar takeover in June to
create the world's largest maker of
seeds and pesticides and bayer is
dropping the name monsanto the acquired
products are still there but they will
become part of the bayer portfolio a
from the invention of the wheel to space
exploration artificial intelligence and
the creation of social media innovation
is not a new phenomenon and a good place
to start looking at where the next set
of inventions that can potentially
change the world's economy is the global
innovation index now the 2018 report has
just been published by Cornell
University in C ed and the World
Intellectual Property Organization its
aim is to provide insight into the state
of innovation around the world and this
year's index has Switzerland in the top
spot followed by the Netherlands Sweden
and United Kingdom the
u.s. has slid to places to number six on
the list after Singapore innovation was
measured by 80 factors in total
including mobile application creation
and education spending countries at the
bottom of this year's rankings include
Burkina Faso Togo and Yemen and one key
takeaway is that China joined the
world's top 20 most innovative economies
for the first time or to get more on the
2018 global innovation index I'm joined
by Francis Gurry director-general of the
World Intellectual Property Organization
WIPO is a UN agency which promotes the
protection of intellectual property
throughout the world thanks very much
for being with us so how would a high
ranking affect the overall quality of
life in a country and it is it possible
for example to to innovate yourself out
of poverty yes well it's not so much
their ranking that affects the quality
of life but the fact that the ranking
reflects that the country is a good
producer of innovation that means in
turn that the economy will be in its
enterprises will be extremely
competitive because so much competition
now is based on technology and
innovation and that competitiveness of
the economy of course is reflected in
terms of average high income associated
with the country and quality of life
because innovation of Hick's of course
the quality of life material life in a
in a large variety of manners I want to
ask you as well about the the lack of
digital connectivity in in some
countries and what effect that can have
on on innovation because we we reported
on it on a previous program about
Mexico's economy and how there are large
route areas mostly rural areas that have
no or very little Internet connectivity
at all what implications does that have
for the ability to innovate look I think
the innovation or the the lack of
connectivity is a major major obstacle
and something that we all need to pay
attention to it's a bit like saying
you have no industrial capacity in the
industrial edge in the digital digital
age the lack of connectivity means that
you are not a player in the game and so
I think it's a very serious phenomenon a
lot of work is going on in the public
international public sector in private
sector to improve connectivity but we
need to speed that up to make sure that
we don't have those who miss out badly
on all of the benefits of the digital
revolution which are social and economic
so if there is there a danger then of
the world splitting into into kind of
digital haves and have-nots I think it's
a great danger and I think you could go
a little bit more broadly than digital
and say technology in general because
there's a lot of Technology in the
health area for example which is not
available on a widespread basis
throughout the world and this is a big
danger that with the speed of
technological development and the sort
of resources that are required for new
technologies and the development of new
technology is it's a big danger that we
may have as you say an exacerbation a
worsening of the gaps the very
considerable gaps that exist in economic
and technological capacities throughout
the world and thus for the social
benefits that are derived from having
rather high-performing economies and
technological capacity good to speak
with you Francis Gurry appreciate your
time thank you thank you very much and
finally a new tax on social media apps
in Uganda has sent people out on the
streets to oppose the move for young
Ugandan --zz especially social media has
become a platform for expression and
protest Malcolm Webb reports
many people here in Uganda's capital
Kampala aren't happy about having to pay
to use the Internet's most popular
services - when Bobbie wine a pop star
and MP led a demonstration against the
new social media users have to pay about
6 cents a day to be able to access
whatsapp Facebook and other services
President Yoweri Museveni said the tax
will help to reduce gossip the activists
here say it's an indiscriminate tax that
hurts the poor most
Internet users access to data's kind of
hand to mouth if they have a bit of
money 20 cents 50 cents they buy some
credit when it runs out they'll be
offline again maybe for a couple of days
so for those people social media tax is
perfect but after just minutes of
marching please came to stop the protest
they said it's unlawful demonstrations
have been heavily restricted in Uganda
since anti-government protests seven
years ago this time things were no
different meanwhile kiosks for mobile
phone payment services usually busy
stand quiet
they were also subject to a new tax in
recent years services to transfer
payments directly from one phone user to
another will become a key part of the
economy but the government says it needs
the revenue our desire and aspiration is
that we should as Uganda - our own
budget a hundred percent and to do that
redundance will have to contribute
something small and as we do contribute
we are also cautious that it's not to be
a burden but those who think it is a
burden weren't given long to express it
please arrested protest leaders but
Bobbie wines supporters managed to drag
him away
Prime Minister since told Parliament
that the government will review the
controversial taxes
but it's clear that this kind of
opposition to them won't be tolerated
and that's our show for this week
remember get in touch with us by
tweeting me at Adam seeker and do use
the hashtag a TC TC when you do or drop
us an email counting the cost at a
jazeera dotnet is our address and
there's more for you online at al
jazeera comm /c TC that will take you
straight to our page which has
individual reports links and entire
episodes for you to catch up on so
that's it for this edition of counting
the cost I'm handsome seeker from the
whole team here thanks for joining us
the news on edges here it is next
