after more than three sessions this year
alone and numerous threats the United
Nations Security Council has finally
passed a resolution on South Sudan to
address the ongoing war will those in
favor of the draft resolution contained
in document s slash 2018 slash six nine
one please raise their hand to impose an
arms embargo on the world's youngest
nation the proposal was introduced by
the US ambassador to the UN nikki Haley
who has been pushing for it since
visiting the war-torn country last
October the civil were started in 2013
less than three years after South Sudan
gained independence from Sudan when
President Salva Kiir accused his then
vice president Riek Machar of attempting
a coup tens of thousands have been
killed and a third of the 12 million
population displaced ambassador Haley
says the move will reduce fighting in
the country the goal of this resolution
is simple if we're going to help the
people of South Sudan we need the
violence to stop and to stop the
violence we need to stop the flow of
weapons to armed groups and that they're
using to fight each other and to
terrorize the people stop the weapons
stop the violence but not all members
agreed with the resolution abstention
only nine members voted in favor the
minimum needed for it to pass while the
rest of the 15-member Council abstained
some ambassadors say it will derail
current efforts by regional bodies to
bring together the warring sides to sign
a deal that would put a permanent end to
the fighting the process has seen a
ceasefire agreement signed but that has
already been violated like ten previous
similar agreements we are in a very
critical juncture in the peace process
in South Sudan the high-level
revitalization forum has made notable
progress and for the first time in a
long while there is some hope for a
possible breakthrough the decision we
are going to make today in connection
with sanctions would have
very serious implications for the peace
process more than four years of fighting
have taken its toll on people in South
Sudan now seven million rely on a to
survive two million children remain out
of school and a speech dogs dragged on
many are losing hope and patience Heba
Morgan al Jazeera
