there's optimism for change in the Horn
of Africa rapid progress is being made
after Theo Pierce Prime Minister Abbey
Muhammad and expectedly
made peace with Eritrea and President
Isaias affair working a Bey was given a
hero's welcome when he visited the
capital as Mara last Sunday thousands of
eretrians lined the streets flags flew
side-by-side these were once bitter
rivals whose three-year war from 1998 to
2000 led to the deaths of hundreds of
thousands of people both countries have
since been in a state of what's
described as no war but no peace during
their summit in Asmara the leaders
agreed to normalize relations by fast
reopening embassies restoring flights
allowing direct phone calls and easing
economic ties now president of America's
visits to Ethiopia is cementing the
thawing of frosty relations the sudden
change to restore ties is surprising
observers and is expected to have
far-reaching consequences for millions
of eretrians and Ethiopians who share
close cultural and linguistic ties but
who've been separated for many years
Katherine saw a al Jazeera Nairobi
