hello and welcome again to rewind am
fully battable since the launch of al
jazeera english back in 2006 we've built
up a library of award-winning
documentaries and here on rewind we've
been delving into the vault to pull out
some of the best of them today we're
going back to 2007 to a poor south
african neighborhood just outside Cape
Town where music honor and tradition
come together in an unusual annual
competition in recent years South Africa
has seen huge political upheaval and
corruption scandals and Cape Town South
Africa's second-largest city has been
feeling the impact of climate change and
struggling with drastic water shortages
a decade ago South Africa seemed to be
moving towards a more inclusive
post-apartheid world yet in the poorest
suburbs of Cape Town local communities
still maintain their distinctive
identities based in the Cape Flats the
Muslim cape malay community holds an
annual singing competition for the
silver festro fee and in 2007 the
witness series was there to film this
contest which sheds a unique light on
the diversity and inequalities of modern
South Africa here is the silver Fez
this is the story of a man with a dream
but it plays out on the dark side of
Table Mountain until 1965 or thereabouts
most of Cape Town's Muslims lived in the
city proper the spoke of recants a
language they helped create and many had
roots that went back centuries but when
apartheid arrived they were forced to
move our chair to the barren flats
outside the city it's a tough world too
little money too many drugs and one of
the highest murder rates on the planet
but not as we shall see the place of
hopelessness
this is a place called QT on Annette
look it's in the middle of the Cape
Flats and I'm staying here for the past
30 years I'm here everybody here in qtr
knows me knows what a curtsy because of
one thing only because of in 2005 kachi
and two friends decided to enter and try
to win the annual cap male choir
competition an extravaganza that
involves fifty rival teams two costume
changes five different song forms and
massive amounts of money it was an
insanely optimistic move considering the
competition they were facing
this is Haji bucks his real name is
Muhammad Zayn Benjamin but he owns
several businesses and visits Mecca
regularly so Haji box it is he calls his
team the star lights and as far as he's
concerned nobody can touch them yes
there's a lot that doesn't like me in a
competition because because I'm both
fools to me there's no second place only
first place
hochy bucks has been organizing choirs
since he made his first fortune his
funds are inexhaustible his dominance of
Cape Malay culture almost complete so it
was a David and Goliath situation really
an underdog versus the establishment a
housepainter versus haji bucks I only
went this fast in the five in school I
can't read music but I'm a person that
can learn something very quickly
especially way music is concerned but I
always knew that I had something Amina
that I could actually do things in life
minute can benefit other people to learn
cut she couldn't do it alone of course
meet Muhammad Stoffels
put a Hammett or brother hammock to his
friends you see with a family he plays a
major role for me talking about 3540
years at we know each other we fight so
long and get translated when we can
never stay away from each other I need
somebody that I can trust because he's
handling limited quiet and I can't just
put anybody takes five attack he sees to
the Cape Malik why would he goes to the
meetings and he must see that everything
is in place as a team we know exactly
what the chances are you can seem so
good but it's a technique to you if you
see something that lose the tension from
the judges and the people then you got a
winner
and we know how to do them we definitely
the new team was called the Continentals
and this is the third member of the trio
that founded it
whiny dolly plays guitar bass and banjos
sings like an angel and dresses flash
when he's in the money which wasn't the
case until today I'm empanada as a
citizen they started to work but my wife
was the only breadwinner house everybody
was sitting under a tree and every day
this costs just for food you can't even
cover depth for that and in case you're
wondering I'm the whitey with the guitar
I'm actually a writer but god she needed
help and I was honored to be asked
we were always playing for different
choirs but then we certainly talked and
we made a pledge a massage with a hammer
and the tiwari that we are going to
start the Squire but I'm pushing the
disgusting a lotta money to do some
technologies we do sell instruments and
hope PI upon us be a key was a
difficulty when I was away in a mean
stomach warm realtymark a city Sunni
Noah said more and so and Anacapa
platform twenty four five o'clock it was
a show
I'm here with Eric Reza the incumbent
club taken a team our anthology alley
the businessman left the show but it
brought in on the itani fraction of what
the Continentals need in months to come
there will be more fundraising events
karaoke evenings and the like the
progress is slow and some Continentals
are battling just to feed themselves I
did designate that like you see that the
crowd
Cassiday I recover that also so pick it
up in the road I cover it and I sell it
just so you won
I caught one day Donald up LuAnn lives
in a caravan in his parent's garden with
his family he's just come out of prison
and he's struggling to make ends meet
the senior advocacy we see the crack
choices recovered is light covered in a
salad or Patek tyranids
so to sit oh yeah I can sit on it so
really that's nothing in my heart was by
yes here
meanwhile on the far side of the tracks
the starlets are burning brighter than
ever
you know I got accounts for each item
this year because we are the only team
in this position to win the sum of these
two times in a row game Kozma
the champion thing everybody's trying to
come in here to see what they see
you win a trophy is not open your mouth
and sing the first thing discipline if
you have discipline on this stage you
have won the trophy of we already
and catch his neighborhood on the other
hand drugs are everywhere and discipline
can be a problem but what I saw tonight
it was very disappointing so whoever did
that we don't tell you guys not to do
whatever you want to do that is up to
you but don't do it when the team is
nearing we don't need people like that
Iron Man Iron Man the Hutus manner what
can each Club respect any club Sonam
about so a profit I'm Monica Nala that
even an no elastic is efficient not as a
rule and the Constitution what's a
procedure a technocracy Erin sue that
Constitution will take its course no
matter what is that is fine or not we
don't talk about it anymore
come here dr. Altman that is a area that
is known for its crime and it's drugs
what we're trying to do is get them away
from they getting into the practice
sessions let them learn songs teaching
disciplines so that they don't go into
that oven 90% early was not working they
can't find work we we don't pitch them
we bring them here they enjoyed himself
with the choir and just keep them
occupied in that way now
see look look like path to delle Alpi
the guys up I'm bringing to the
clubhouse and then we practice the
Continentals at one o'clock but bring
him out the family she be aware that
Sunday decency me and two of us farm my
wife sometimes she complained she's that
actually for for this type of sports but
see that I love it
because an employee quadratic do that
again after a faster very Canadian try
oh it's an agreement the sport estimate
for Sam's within the space
I like the singing
because television quiet
my name is bacon then we about just to
Muslim families amongst 20 other
families but here in this game we'll
speak each other sculptures religion and
we maintain that music is actually the
inspiration for this it's high summer in
Cape Town and the competition season is
drawing near this is the solar Fez the
Holy Grail the way things are going the
Continentals aren't going to get
anywhere near it unless a knight in
shining armor comes to their rescue
mr. Dahlia is a prosperous businessman
who has always dreamed of having user
employer this is what we do here putting
all the support links together in a
frail ke Taji he is my painter
contractors on the side but we grew up
with the Millea choirs and we decided
we're gonna start our own thing we don't
get nothing back when we just do it for
the love of the game we all work
together every day and everybody that's
working on the site as all seniors we
needed some money to deposit our suits
for the competition so ami gave me a
check of 20 grand he just brings people
to many tentative cards to give that one
attraction give that one and yesterday
for me all that light is that can afford
it in the Altman and I took about 20
tractors to them yesterday the way their
faces were when I ended the taxes to
them
I felt so good yesterday
these guys will be dancing for us while
we parade just to make your whole team
more lively it's New Years Eve and pick
things bring on the Cape Flats one shot
is to think what all this is costing mr.
Dahle the track suits are just the start
of it
he's also hired a string section of
brass band and enough buses to transport
hundreds of people the festivities begin
with the tour of the tough neighborhoods
where most Continentals live before
moving to middle-class
athlone where mr. daddy's wife and her
friends have prepared a feast for the
multitude towards evening the
Continentals and their supporters piled
back into the buses and head for the
city properly according to legend all
this goes back to the abolition of
slavery in 1834 on the stroke of
midnight those in bondage were set free
and they flooded into the streets to
celebrate ever since
Muslims have marched through Cape Town
on that same night
in the mother city that is what we
looking forward to olya
that was the fun part of the proceedings
in the new year the struggle for the
solve Affairs begins in deadly earnest
this this is the distribution I got to
do from the day onwards and what you are
seeing here is coming out of my pocket
nobody's else's pocket but they must
come & Windus they must win at the box
at the end if I'm successful I can boot
out yeah
the only a gamble isn't that lovely
winning solve affairs is complicated you
get points for singing points for
dressing smart and then you hire an Army
sergeant to draw your team and you get
judged on precision marching
the funny you get judged for your
performance of a sacred song a form that
is unique to this culture these sad old
songs are haunted by a sound that
arrived in the cave on slave ships the
sound of ancient Java and Sumatra
married to elements of Western user they
call them the Netherlands leads
a little together it's got over 200
songs off of them I don't know because
no records was kept of it as only the
old people that actually knows these
songs that middle and sleet will never
ever change not a 50 and gambling will
never change that will stay all these
recipes
a song written 150 200 years ago did not
allowed to change any words were said
some of us don't even understand but as
you learn it more and more and more than
you come to see that old story you know
all those my forefathers looked before
and how they were slaves and how they
came to enjoy yourselves by seeing these
new grand songs they couldn't talk yet
so they sang up Haji buxom caught she
claimed to like each other but you'd
never guess it from the way they talk
about one another
most of those members would establish
they will never be able to leave the
starlet's what Eva backs tells him to do
if he tells him tomorrow to jump in the
fryer I'm sure they must jump in the
fire first here we've got absolutely
nothing to lose
he's got something to lose but we the
Continental milk-white nothing to lose
tomorrow the word is on the road they
want to win the solace they want to kill
us they want to win everything
let them come it's only one first price
Oh cut Muslims out there are some and I
competitions ma who's this awful scream
class a Canadian with that can be to our
advantage
seeing that other choirs are writing us
off without even necessary
of course I'll be nervous tomorrow but
if I'm gonna be now nervous and all that
then I'm gonna make all those other guys
nervous too and I know what these guys
came once they put on those suits that
you'll see at the for advance advance
it's the night of the dress rehearsal
and here's what could be a bad omen the
tailoring isn't exactly up to scratch
the Bartlett aircraft mcdonough
advisable to leave a security team it
takes a very bossy
yokka member nickimja key obtain points
for love Tsubaki Kandra for a team
competition day day of destined for the
continental this event is run and run
very strictly by the Cape Malay choir
board they have a rule that says
Outsiders cannot film the competition we
spent nearly a year begging for an
exemption but no luck in the end the
Continentals decided to perform for us
outside the venue apparently according
to the board they never got permission
to do a video now we go outside may this
fight as we walk in weekend that's
another than less where you're talking
for the record the Continentals when a
minor trophy for dressing up of all
things for the risks they were crushed
maybe they were doomed from the outset
and maybe it doesn't really matter of
course we wanted to do well everybody
wants to do well but our main thing was
put the guys in states let them perform
their first year they opened with
disappointed about last night but as you
say like you know just to see your team
stand on the stage you don't even think
about money to put in and as for the
silver Fez it went once again to Haji
bucks and his invincible star lights
this time with all different kinds of
people play together it's just like a
bird flying into the sky and the same
and just that moment the music takes you
away
they want to win the salads they want to
kill us they want to win everything
let them come it's only one first price
we've got absolutely nothing to lose
he's got something to lose but we
continental milk-white nothing
the silver Fez from the witness series
in 2007 do check out the rewind page at
aljazeera.com for more films from the
series that's it from us thanks for
watching
you
