what now for the so-called special
relationship Donald Trump visits Britain
for the first time as president and
insults Prime Minister Theresa May he
says her rival will make a better leader
and she ignored his advice of Bridget
and migration how damaging is all that
for the transatlantic allies this is
inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Hashim Hal Baba in the rich respect
British Prime Minister Theresa May might
wonder whether this was really the best
week for a visit from Donald Trump right
after a contentious NATO summit and
greeted by massive protests his first
trip to London as US president was
always going to be awkward especially as
May struggles to hold her own government
together with a never ending arguments
about brexit negotiations threatening to
tear her Conservative Party apart only
hours after arriving Trump made her life
even more difficult with scathing
criticism in a newspaper interview
we begin with Lawrence Lee who is at
Chequers the Prime Minister's country
residence in second the British
governments are full two years since the
referendum to get to a point where on
the day that Donald Trump arrived in the
UK they can publish a documents that
says that they are more or less leaving
the European Union except for a very
small part meaning that they can do
trade deals with the rest of the world
and in particular with the United States
and so on the day that Donald Trump's
meeting Theresa May here at Chequers the
fact that he says apparently the u.s.
deal is off is about as damaging as you
could possibly imagine for Theresa May
if there's a point in it that perhaps
Trump is correct on its that the bit of
regulatory alignment between the UK and
EU allows for agriculture and food to
maintain European standards and given
Donald Trump seems have a particular
obsession with American farmers that
would make it much more difficult for
American farmers to sell their goods
inside the UK but on the rest of it
Trump's assertion flies directly in the
face of the stated UK position that's
the very narrow relationship it would
have in future with the European Union
would leave it free to do a bespoke
trade deal with the United States and
the reason why that's absolutely
damaging to tourism a is because it
means that her critics on both sides can
say well what have you got now if you
haven't got a proper trade deal now in
the future with the European noon
and you no longer have a trade deal with
the United States either then what have
you got left and it's incredibly
damaging because it implies that both
sides are going to try to get her to
change things to move one way or the
other
hard brexit us are going to say you need
to go back to a position where the UK
leaves in every single detail
disregarding all the problems with the
Irish border that that entails
in order to make Donald Trump happy
equally the European Union who are
meeting the UK for its first seven
negotiations next week are bound to say
to the UK side look as much as you want
to leave do you really want to deal with
with Donald Trump when he's actually
don't know what he stands for why don't
you just have a much softer brexit and
deal with us instead because at least
we're consistent and so it places Teresa
may under the most enormous amount now
of political pressure from all sides now
let's introduce our panel in London we
are joined by Ian dunt he is the editor
of politics Co UK and author of brexit
what the hell happens now in Washington
DC we are joined by Robert hunter he's a
foreign policy analyst and the former US
ambassador to NATO and also in London we
are joined by indeed Palmer a professor
in international politics at City
University London and expert on
anglo-american relations welcome to you
or Ian I would like to start by asking
you this do you think that this is
purely classic Trump throwing remarks
here and there or there's more to his
scathing remarks no he pretty much just
says the words that happen to be rising
out of his mouth at any given moment
he's not I don't really sign up to this
idea there's some parts of sort of the
British political class that sort of
think that he's some kind of strategic
genius and that it's all a very clever
play and he's actually trying to achieve
all of these different things I don't
see that I just see him as this kind of
rolling ball of it that just does
whatever it feels like at any given
moment if there's any threat at all it
is the dismantlement of the liberal
rules-based order around the world he's
basically knee
the WTO he's undermining NATO at this
exact moment he's encouraging to resume
to do whatever she can for the hardest
possible brexit and he himself tries to
undermine the EU but even that I don't
think is a program that he can actually
explain in any kind of real terms I
think he basically just says whatever it
is he happens to be thinking at the time
what we've heard a series of spectacular
undiplomatic remarks here and there
about NATO about the EU about the
multilateral institutions is that a
message and also recently about the
resume is that a message that Trump
wants to convey here well I think the
message is that if brexit is not done in
a good way that makes sense for the
United States even though it's none of
our business if the United States has to
choose between good trade deals with
Britain and trade deals with the
European Union which was ten times
almost the size of a Britain the United
States will go with the European Union
that's always been clear now the
president said what he did to the son
tabloid newspaper he now claims that he
was misquoted and but he did say it and
he's not a child when it comes to the
media in his press conference with mrs.
May at checkers he read a statement
which said exactly the opposite we can
have very good trade deals with a link
written I love Britain is absolutely the
best etc but he has sent this message
which I hope will be taken on board by
the British that frankly looking at it
from the United States point of view
brexit is not really going to help
Britain in terms of its relationship
with the United States in digit as
Roberts has just been saying no matter
who's president sure Inderjit as Robert
has just been saying basically a trump
during the press conference seems to be
turning down his rhetoric but do you
think that this is almost too late and
the damage damage has been done to
tourism a well I think we know that
President Trump says a number of things
he often has great color
rhetorical flourishes and he makes
pretty outrageous claims from
time-to-time statements and then he
falls back he doesn't necessarily change
his position and I think the position
he's taken right from the very beginning
his brexit should happen there should be
British withdrawal from the European
Union and he's also said that he agrees
with national sovereignty being restored
that is the same thing that the hard
brexit ears are arguing about so I think
his position hasn't changed and I think
he's always going to be looking to see
how America his version of American can
maximize its advantages and I I would
argue that Britain which is sliced away
from the EU and the backing of a major
trading bloc with all the experience of
international trade negotiations that
they have I think that'll be a much more
easy prey for the United States and I
think they'd want to reduce Britain in
certain ways to a low wage low low tax
economy and to reduce this level of
regulation and thereby make it Services
in particular like health care and
financial services more easily
accessible into the London and the UK
market Ian Trump seems to be saying
basically that he's not impressed with
the way Theresa May has been handling
the brexit negotiations by being very
soft what does he mean by soft what was
he expecting her to do instead I mean
she hasn't been soft particularly she's
pursuing hard brexit outside of the
customs union in the single market she's
made a very mild attempt can't with a
slightly more sensible position by
signing up to a common rulebook on goods
she calls it a common rule but it's
really just the EU rulebook and that's
really there to protect the car industry
and it took a little bit of agriculture
as well in the way that it trades with
Europe I don't think that Donald Trump
has a very clear idea of what it is that
he's talking about in any sense with
brexit I mean you could hear him as you
try to respond when they said well
exactly what would you do he said if you
walk away you're stuck he seems deeply
confused as to the sort of levels of
complexity that would be involved there
again I'm not I'm afraid to say I don't
think that the president is really
capable of coming up with a coherent
thought on this normally he responds to
quite instinctive senses of sort of
nationalism not
pride in a normal sort of mythical way
that he thinks about these things as
some kind of perpetual zero-sum war
between nation-states that's not true on
any level on the level of trade lore on
the way that the EU works and the level
of Brett's and negotiations operate and
not true on a very basic level about how
international relations is conducted so
I wouldn't put a lot of store in his
analysis of this location or any kind of
alternatives that he might propose
Robert I mean we've seen Trump lashing
out at the resume without providing
alternatives as to how she should have
been doing business with the AU but from
your own perspective this is a prime
minister left with an unprecedented
moment in the history of the of Britain
basically uncharted territory and she
has to navigate through this uncharted
territory two words a final brexit what
were the other options for her well the
option that I wish she had pursued was
to say the referendum was merely
advisory and Parliament which has been
sovereign for 700 years really ought to
take us on board and and not to wrecks
it at all now one thing I think one has
to understand this is not just about the
International dimension and Trump with a
lot of other Americans would like to be
able to pick apart the European Union
and deal with individual countries Trump
I think would like a a weaker Britain
which is what I think we'll get but in
addition what he did in his interview is
he really not the prompt sound out from
under the Prime Minister in terms of her
politics not just the direct criticism
over but praising the man who very was
much was her job friends like this don't
come to dinner and that and then
criticise the soup and maybe maybe do
things to soup that make it undrinkable
mm-hmm Indrajith isn't tourism a left
with an spectacular moment here which is
basically either to leave the EU or lose
strategic partnership with the United
States of America yeah I don't think
it's an either/or kind of zero-sum game
there
the United States and Britain have had a
very long-standing relationship
strategic relationship which has worked
on all levels intelligence in particular
on nuclear weapons other military policy
a kind of global strategy and the
European Union was or the European
project was to some extent a part of
that as well it became much more as it
went on it became a kind of federal
dream that wasn't always part of the
game plan I think and I think now
effectively what Britain has decided and
whatever you like referenda or not
Britain has decided that it would wish
to leave the key issue now is what is
the realistic position to be taken so
that broadly speaking we can continue as
an economy and a society and a culture
and so on and to some extent we can have
to maintain both relationships and that
is what Teresa Mae's problem is but the
key problem I would say really going
forward for Britain as in British
working people is that they were likely
to be heading towards a very low wage
low tax economy which is going to be
more and more deregulated and I think
the United States is going to really
enjoy that because they want to
introduce got a lot of their sort of
services into the into the British
economy as well Ian the Prime Minister
faces mounting pressure from the
different members of the political
establishment particular from her own
party the statesman's now by Trump are
they likely to precipitate her political
demise no I don't think so and it
doesn't really matter what Trump says is
incredibly sort of interesting to look
at it's very dramatic it's theatrical
but in terms of Teresa Mays career only
one thing really matters and that is the
parliamentary conservative party and how
much you support she has on those
benches now at the moment she is facing
a kind of guerilla warfare over the last
sort of five days by members of a group
called ERG the European research group
this is the hardcore rump of hard brexit
us who consider bricks an enormous sort
of existential almost biblical level
fight for the future of britain against
european tyranny and it's a load of old
nonsense but nevertheless they believe
it now they are the ones that matter to
her at the moment they don't have the
numbers to destabilize her so the
question then becomes did Trump's
intervention hinder or how
/ in that regard in terms of hindering
her of course it plays into review the
Boris Johnson as Prime Minister in
waiting and it gives some kind of sucker
to some of those those groups of those
people in the ERG however Donald Trump
is held in very low esteem in British
political circles even among the
majority of brexit as he has very little
support he's considered quite
uncivilized quite uncouth not really an
image that people want to project and I
suspect that among the more pragmatic
Tory MPs his intervention will actually
have pushed them a little bit closer to
her kind of compromise arrangement of
just thinking well if this is the kind
of word that we're going to on the other
side maybe we need to be very careful in
terms of how we proceed with the EU so I
think by the end of this has come out
pretty much neutral on either side and
but and Trump's comments I'm going to
make too much of a difference to her
either way as embarrassing as they have
been Robert I mean Trump has been
suggesting or hinted that if she goes
ahead with the deal then she should she
should forget about a deal a trade deal
with the US however we haven't seen any
clarity about the content of that
particular deal with the US what is it
about well he did say in the press
conference of checkers reading a
statement of as they conclude by his
people that we're gonna have a trade
agreement with Britain it's going to be
great and and it's nearly done and all
of that but going back that point about
mrs. Mayes stability I think it is
political stability I think it is
correct that there are enough people in
Britain particularly the political class
who is so discounted anything that Trump
does that it might not have that much of
an impact having said that I don't think
it helped her running something it
helped her any at all because there is a
reality behind what Trump is saying
which is to say it again if indeed it
comes down to a difference between
dealing with little Britain on trade and
big European Union on trade and love the
people in this country no matter who's
president are going to choose the
European Union that's one reason leaving
leaving the European Union I don't think
at any point has been intelligent for
people who really care about Britain's
future in the world
Inderjit how would you expect a terrace
ma to emerge from this meeting with
Trump more skeptical cautious or more
likely to be emboldened to pursue her
policies well as a colleague from
Politico said I think the calculation is
less to do with Donald Trump because
it's quite predictable the kind of
things he does and says but I think the
calculation is it domestic within the
party the conservative party but also
related to the opposition party and I
think the fear of a Corbyn led Labour
government following any kind of
collapse of the may government at a
general election I think that is the
thing which is probably likely to hold
it together as much as it can the hard
brexit ears I think they fear a Corbin
government more than anything else so I
think Freeza may therefore has a card to
play either it's me
or it's the Labour Party which is now in
the lead in the polls by 2 or 3 percent
so I think she's going to stick to her
guns stick to the bogeyman Labour Party
as an alternative as a threat there's a
fear and anxiety inducing thing and try
to ride through this as is guerilla
warfare which was which is noted and has
been intensifying lately mm-hmm Ian the
die-hard brexit here's basically what
other view that are divorced with the EU
would pave the way for robust strategic
alliance with the United States of
America against the backdrop of what
we've seen over the last 48 hours does
that still seem to be a strong argument
no it's always been a very weak argument
it's not really the US alone I mean it
was a Canada and New Zealand Australia
you'll notice these are all
english-speaking countries I mean they
talk occasionally about the Commonwealth
but they talk mostly about the
Anglosphere which is this kind of
imaginary construct of english-speaking
countries which tells you something
about what they're doing this isn't
really some kind of well thought through
trade policy or security policy or even
a political one it is a culture war that
they are pursuing alienated from
continental Europe which they consider a
bit of a mess they don't anything to do
with it and they ultimately want to be
with countries that they consider more
culturally similar to them they are
defeated by you know a variety of
elements all of which had to do with the
of objective reality one of them is
trade flow is one of them as geography
one of them is the comparative size of
economies and of security apparatus and
these things have gotten in the way of
their rather petulant Dreams
nevertheless the fact that it is
objectively and demonstrably a very weak
strategy will not do anything to stop
them they will pursue it but it has no
almost very almost no road ahead of them
really with which to do so mm-hmm
Robert Trump is someone who kicks up
dust wherever he goes vowing to
dismantle the political order that has
prevailed since 1945 including his
caving remarks as far as the EU NATO and
different institutions are concerned how
other Americans been following what he's
been doing are they divided about it or
that do they have people there believing
you I says I think in regard to the
issues we're talking about now most
Americans I don't have a clue of what
it's about I think the American
political class and not just the
discredited lace but but most people who
really are deeply engaged in this the
transatlantic relationship is absolutely
critical to the United States and the
more solid NATO is and frankly the more
solid the European Union is and frankly
the more that Britain is still in Europe
the better it's going to be for the
United States to achieve its broader
objectives in the world mr. Trump can be
against multilateralism he can be
against the the order that's been in
existence for a long time a little bit
most Americans in the private sector the
NGO sector and most people in politics
think that mr. Trump don't know what
he's talking about
Inderjit what do you think would be the
next step for the EU now that particular
after this saga with the Trump do you
think that there will be more receptive
to helping Teresa may negotiate the
transition for the brexit well I would
think so I would think that they would
want her to retain some level of a kind
of connection or a custom Union a
relationship and so on and I think they
see a kind of hard Briggs Atia force
which is opposed to it and
yeah I would assume that they would be
happier with that but the key thing is
that you know a number of things have
been said about the international order
from 1945 and what Trump is doing to
dismantle it or to disrupt it or
whatever but I think we have to remember
that the European project was a part of
that international system and that kind
of resurrection of the order after after
the Second World War
but that order was also had a number of
deep flaws within it it wasn't inclusive
of everybody around the world two other
states as well and they're challenging
these elements and it also led to be if
you like a kind of globalization which
has impacted in different classes of
people different classes of workers in a
very different ways and leaked led to a
great deal of inequality so if you like
as a result of some of that a large
number of nationalisms have risen Trump
is one brags it is another but there are
nationalisms in France in Germany in
Italy and many other countries too so
that is to say I don't think we can just
say look Trump caused all this Trump is
a symptom of these things and he's
exacerbating it but in the end the key
thing is if Europe is wanting to stick
together
EU wants to survive they're gonna have
to do something which actually restores
a degree of national sovereignty so the
governments of the EU can actually deal
with their domestic problems in a way
which is which is not against the kind
of underlying rules in the logic of a
kind of super state or a federal state
that many people wish for and this is
exactly what I would like to ask Ian Ian
I guess backlash that is that we've seen
now against globalism multilateral
institutions what is it that which the
EU NATO and other institutions should do
do you think that they need to reinvent
themselves to be able to cope with this
new world reality it depends on the
organization that you're looking at I
mean certainly in the e use case you and
they pretty much already know this
although they're not they're not moving
quickly enough on it by any by any means
it's basically to create a Europe of
concentric circles so you've already got
a sort of preset outer tier of countries
countries like Norway and Iceland that
have this sort of economic relationship
with Europe and not enough control over
the rules but they're outside of the
political
that should have some extra democratic
functions put into it so that people can
have that arm's length relationship as a
storage category in Europe Britain might
have been quite attracted to that if
some more of that Democratic power was
there they then have the EU level and
they have the eurozone level where
they're going to consolidate at least to
some extent under the plans of Makran
and Merkel so you can have a three-stage
EU that allows countries to find their
place in it and that seems a good moment
for them to work on it
NATO itself and you know that there may
be some arguments for some additional
military expenditure on countries but
ultimately I don't think that there's a
very legitimate attack on NATO taking
place right now this is an attempt to
undermine it in the name of strong men
like Putin like Trump and from King
people lunatic homicidal maniacs like in
German who Donald Trump seems apparently
incredibly attracted by that is where
that is on the WTO the WTO actually has
some issues on quite how Democratic it
is how many vetoes it offers Member
States
and that's why it's been so difficult to
get multilateral trade rounds through
Trump Sutekh to attempt to undermine it
through basically holding up judicial
appointments to the appellate court is
very very harmful indeed but the only
resizes to it must be to face him down
not a major reform interesting times
indeed not only for Britain or Europe
the US but also the rest of the world
Ian Dent and Aziz Palmer Robert hunter
thank you very much indeed for your
contribution to the program
unfortunately we're running out of time
and thank you too for watching you can
see their program again any time by
visiting our website aljazeera.com for
further discussion go to our Facebook
page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
inside story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
aj inside story from me hashem mahabhava
the whole team here bye for now
you
