from a farm to a supermarket then on to
a plate but up to a third of all food
eaten never reaches the table in a world
where one in nine people go hungry
reducing the amount which is wasted is
seen as a moral imperative
it's also about sustainability food
that's thrown away ends up in landfills
contributing to greenhouse gas emissions
now there's a movement to get chefs
around the world to be at the forefront
of reducing food waste those of us in
white coats we cook a lot of food we use
a lot of energy we use a lot of water
and we make a lot of waste and so we
have a particular responsibility to the
larger society to the planet to make
sure that we're doing well in each of
those categories what's called the food
waste challenge is being launched by the
world chefs Association and two other
partners the feed the planet initiative
encourages chefs worldwide to start
measuring the amount wasted from their
kitchens and make a commitment to cut
the mountain of discarded food that's in
addition to a new curriculum for student
chefs to teach them sustainable
practices from sourcing local produce to
more efficient management of the energy
used in kitchens REE tastes a pop-up
not-for-profit restaurant in Stockholm
is taking the idea one step further it's
serving up seven-course meals using only
produce from supermarkets which is
usually thrown out this menu includes
pasta made from stale bread that's been
ground down and mixed with flour most
restaurants are inherently very unwise
'full the bottom line relies on being
very careful with what you have and
using every part of every product so
chefs are a wonderful way to really
engage people in reducing their food
waste and if we can get lots of chefs
thinking like this and talking about it
that's the key thing lots of chefs think
like it but none of the guests actually
ever know if we can encourage the
storytelling behind it I think that's
when we can hit the public it's hoped to
get everyone the cooks in the kitchen
and their customers to have a rethink
about waste and how it can be turned
into tasty meals consumers also have a
responsibility when it comes to food
waste and
can be as simple as making sure you
don't cut off too much of the ends of a
carrot when you're cooking to finishing
everything on your plate ultimately
making a success of the chef's throwaway
idea will depend on all of us Florence
Louie al-jazeera
Kuala Lumpur
