hello there you're in the stream and I'm
from UK how can principles of human
rights and justice combat climate change
that's just one of the questions that I
will be asking former Irish President
Mary Robinson in our special show today
if you have more questions on comments
let us know on Twitter and YouTube Mary
Robinson has an auspicious reputation as
a state's woman and a defender of human
rights
now she's focusing on how grassroots
activists can tackle climate change
Robinson has a storied career in
politics and advocacy she became
Island's first woman president in 1990
she served for seven years before her
appointment as the UN's High
Commissioner for Human Rights her
efforts were key to placing justice and
equality the very core of the UN's work
other major UN responsibilities followed
including a year serving as special
envoy for the Great Lakes region of
Africa and that was in 2013 more
recently Robinson has focused on
tackling climate change she served as a
UN envoy on climate change in 2014 and a
UN Special Envoy on El Nino and climate
in 2016 she's now merging her
commitments to human rights and the
environment through the Mary Robinson
foundation climate justice the
organization places justice and equity
at the heart of responses to climate
change and those values are also at the
heart of a new book climate justice hope
resilience and the fight for a
sustainable future so Mary joins us from
Dublin Island to discuss climate justice
and her lifelong commitment to human
rights Mary Robinson it's so good to
have you on the stream welcome great to
be with you for me you dedicate your
climate justice book to those whose
stories of hope and resilience inspired
the actual book I would love you to tell
us a story about a Ugandan woman
who had the remnants of her house still
standing no roof and a multiple number
of people all staying with her because
that was one of the moments that prodded
you to realize that there was a link
between human rights and climate change
yes it's very true I mean I'm quite
humble about it because when I was
serving for those five years as UN High
Commissioner for Human Rights I didn't
make the connection between human rights
and climate change it was when I was in
Africa and meeting people like Constance
or Keller from a village in Uganda who
became a climate wise woman she was
found in fact by Oxfam and I was
honorary president at Fox for Oxfam and
I first met her when I sat on a tribunal
with Archbishop Desmond Tutu and we
listened to five farmers from different
countries in Africa and four of those
five were women which makes sense
because women do some so much of the
farming in Africa and it was Constance
when she stood to say very with great
dignity you know when I was asking is
this a question of farmers always
complaining about the weather and she
stood and she said no she said this is
outside our experience and that really
struck me and I wondered you know in an
African village how long is that and I
worked it out to myself if you think of
a grandparent talking to a grandchild
and that bran child talks to his or her
grandchild that's probably the best part
of 200 years and so what constant was
saying was this is so different and in
2007 a huge flood had destroyed her
village had destroyed school and she
formed a women's group to fight back and
become more resilient and first of all
had to beg for food and then got
microcredit planted trees began
diversity began teaching began to learn
about climate change and became this
voice at various conferences now and a
very good friend or grandmothers
together but both grandmothers so on
Twitter lots of comments and questions
for you Mary here's one from D Prince
climate change is a big threat in Africa
it's impacting hard on agriculture
products drought flood etcetera to
mitigate this effect we need to adopt
CSA measures and the majority of our
local farmers lack the basic knowledge
of climate change and measure to
mitigate its effect it's very true and
you know there is also the gender
dimension it affects women even more
they have to go further for water
further for firewood have to put food on
the table
maize doesn't do well in extreme drought
and so on so you need the diversity of
crops and so we need far more attention
to supporting farmers and in particular
even with land rights supporting women
to be able to become more resilient and
to cope
it's amazing what women are doing and
I'm very impressed but they're not
getting enough help and farming
communities are at the front end of the
injustice of climate change because
those farming communities in Africa that
are so effective haven't been
responsible they don't drive cars they
don't have big manufacturing and central
heating in fact they often don't have
access to electricity which they should
have and that's that's the upside of
what we must do for climate justice is
get off-grid clean cookstoves and solar
and other hydro and wind power where
it's appropriate and so that everybody
has access to electricity so they can
take themselves out of poverty and cope
with the shocks of climate change I've
heard you talk about climate change as a
man-made problem with a feminist
solution that is pretty radical in terms
of Gregg feminism can actually take the
world can you unpack that a little bit
Mary that's part of the podcast that I'm
doing on Mothers of Invention
and we make it clear that you know
climate change is a man-made problem
which includes it's a generic term that
includes women and that feminist
solution definitely includes men in fact
our most recent episode which we did
live in New York during climbers week at
the end of September included Kumi
Naidoo and now head of Amnesty
International and he was delighted as a
man
to be talking about the feminist
solution so it's you know that's the way
we approach it but we listen to mostly
women of different from different
countries from different walks of life
incredible stories of what they're doing
either coping in the way that Constance
of Keller's was coping in her village in
Uganda or inventing inventing digestible
cups first of all and then straws to to
get rid of plastic straws and to young
women in the United States are
developing plastic straws that are
edible to avoid the plastic and we have
an enormous range of women from various
parts of the world who are showing and
their inventiveness their
entrepreneurial spirit but also their
commitment to climate justice and you
know the black lives matter young black
lives matter person whose is also a
woman who's working also on
environmental issues impressed me
greatly I want to show our audience a
play a little bit of your podcast series
it's one two six and this is little a
little excerpt from episode one where
there's a very young climate change
a warrior climate action warrior who is
deciding to take some action in the
United States have a listen my name is
Kelsey Cascadia Rose Juliana I'm 22
years old I live in Eugene Oregon and
when I was 14 years old I co filed a
lawsuit against the governor of Oregon
then when I was 19 years old I through
the federal government
there's 21 young people from across this
nation who feel strong enough that yes
this issue of climate devastation is
important to them yes they're feeling
the harms right now from climate change
and yes they want to represent their
voices but also their peers voices and
future generations voices in front of
government through the courts
so Agatha says on Twitter about the
podcast I love the dynamic between Mary
and Maeve Higgins and how Mary's long
career is shared so honestly providing
both the learning experience and a
source of inspiration for Maeve and the
audience and how they approach the
climate change issue from different
angles and profiles different climate
warriors so this is an accessible way to
get into the whole issue of climate
action and climate justice you also have
a barometer Mary which you use with taxi
drivers as you're driving around your
home which is what what is that taxi
driver barometer that you use well you
know 10 years ago
taxi drivers were the most skeptical in
Dublin and they do talk a lot and they
know everything or they think they know
everything and they knew everything that
denied climate change they have
completely turned around they are now
very strong advocates for Ireland doing
more our country is not doing enough on
climate change they want electric cars
they want hybrids at least and you know
they're they're a real voice now which
is good and the case that is a clip that
you just did from the mothers of
invention is a very very important case
the children's trust case it's coming to
hearing in the court in Oregon this
month against the federal government
that the federal government is not
protecting people from climate change
this could be an extraordinarily
important case and it's only one example
of the what I've learned from those that
were interviewing on the program but of
course Maeve keeps these very funny
remarks and we were talking for example
about waste and the fact on the on the
series on plastics that countries of the
West have sent their waste to countries
like China and China is refusing to take
the waste now from developing countries
and a Katherine Wilkinson an expert was
talking on the program and she said you
know it's not even recycled waste it's
often dirty nappies and then Maeve
starts to rant about the responsibility
of babies for these dirty nappies we all
roar laughing and you know I like that
because it you know humor is important
and I think young people you
are very able to take their serious
points with a lot of humor which is
really good I want to introduce you to
Mary to another young person her name is
Mahendra and she is a climate warrior
for an organization in Peru called
Tierra Activa Peru she tweets first of
all that the key to climate justice in
gender justice in Peru understanding the
feminization of the countryside where
women stay to work the land while men
migrate to cities to work increasing
both women's exposure to natural
disasters and constraining their
financial capacity to respond so much in
that tweet and then she has this to ask
you Mary have a listen
my name is mohandro delirious and I'm
from Lima Peru my I think one of the
biggest challenges that we're facing now
is well summarized by the most recent
IPCC report which states that we need to
peak global emissions rapidly and
drastically my question for you would be
as a former head of state what
strategies do you think are most
feasible in this current political
context to make those changes happen we
know change needs to be from the bottom
up but there also needs to be clear-cut
action taken from the top down thank you
so Mary thank you for such an important
question I agree with you about the
importance of that report of the
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate
Change telling us what staying at 1.5
degrees of warming means to the world
and the difference between 1.5 degrees
and 2 degrees and that's really
important that we understand the 2
degrees is the outer limit of dangerous
and that we must stay at 1 point 5
degrees to have a safe world that means
as you said we have to reduce the
emissions by 45 percent by 2030 which is
less than 12 years away and we need a
carbon price globally on carbon so that
people move away from carbon towards
clean energy we need to remove all the
subsidies on fossil fuel we need to have
incentives to move to clean energy and
you know top down that the laws of
governments matter a great deal but also
bottom up if people begin to take it
seriously in their own lives then they
begin to put pressure on governments
they use their voice and
vote and their pressure to make sure
that governments are much much more
ambitious the small island states and
the least developed countries are the
most ambitious now for example the
Marshall Islands has said it will be
carbon neutral zero carbon emissions by
2050 we're trying to get the European
Union to make a similar commitment I
mean the European Union is rich rich
countries they should be making that
commitment now and I think this is the
pressure that we need very I'm hearing
climate optimism from you but online I'm
seeing some climate skepticism let me
share this with you
mark McCaw climate change is the
greatest threat to humanity ever I do
not believe governments will act and if
so it will be far too little far too
late one more from Falmer young there's
a new kind of climate denial world
leaders like Justin Trudeau recognized
that climate change exists but then
still approved pipelines how do we push
world leaders to do what is necessary I
think you know governments are not at
the moment doing enough there's no doubt
about that so we're not on course for a
safe world and that's serious and that's
why we need a really urgent conversation
at all levels about this and we need
governments to step up more to the plate
and to do what is necessary and we're
going to have the climate conference in
Poland and Katowice very shortly I hope
that governments will take things more
seriously what I'm hearing which is
quite encouraging is that the business
that is not fossil fuel business is
beginning to really understand because
they plan a bit more long term than the
the election cycle of many governments
which is two three or five years and
then you're fighting the next election
that's your focus but governments are
sorry business is planning you know
ahead and they're seeing that this is
not going to be a safe world unless and
the emissions are reduced and I'm seeing
more and more businesses that are not
fossil fuel committing to Net Zero
greenhouse gas emissions in their
companies and in their supply chain by
2050 and we must encourage that it needs
it needs business it needs cities it
needs governments it needs states that
are below
government level local governments
regional governments but it also needs
civil society to call for an absolutely
insist on a safe world for our children
and grandchildren that's what we're
talking about it's fascinating watching
you now because you are so well-versed
on climate action climate change the
science the human rights angle of it you
have all of that down and I'm currently
looking at a picture of you which is a
campaign picture from 1990 Mary Robinson
a president with a purpose you barely
look different for through that time and
right now but the purpose back in 1990
Mary what was it that you wanted to do
as an independent politician the purpose
was to open up Irish Society which was
very dominated by the Catholic Church in
a kind of old-fashioned way our laws
reflected that etc and I felt not least
if we were to open up to Northern
Ireland but open up to the world and
then we must amend our laws we must
Erland our laws remove the ban on
divorce and legalize Family Planning and
remove the stigma of criminality on
people who are gay and the first measure
that I actually took in 1971 was to
legalize Family Planning and I learned a
big lesson Femi I got very bad you know
hate letters and pressure and I learned
that if you really believe in something
you must be prepared to pay a price you
must be prepared to be unpopular for a
while in order to you know do something
that might be difficult at a particular
point in time I think governments now
have to learn to be unpopular in certain
measures in order to get us out of this
real problem that we're in with climate
change we got to take hard decisions now
because they'll be so much harder in a
few years time and we won't have that
window of time that we have at the
moment according to the
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate
Change we have that time before 2030
that we must take hard decisions and put
a strong price on carbon that drives up
the price of diesel and gas and oil etc
they
for families that are poor must be
protected from that but the rest of us
must bear the brunt of it so that we get
a safe world that's a hard decision and
we have to be prepared to take these
hard decisions jean-marc he's probably
listening to you right now
wish she could run for president again
memory when you said unpopular I think
you kind of glossed over what you meant
by unpopular there was hate mail and a
lot of hate mail yes and even denounced
from the pulpit in Catholic churches and
I'm from a Catholic background and it
was a great pain for my parents who were
very paid up Catholics and you know at
the time I was very young I was 25 26 27
and Nick my husband we were married in
December 1970 he burned all the hate
letters and now we regret that because
that's part of kind of a social record
were very we believe in archival
material but actually some of it was
burned because I was so affected by it
but I learned you know to become tougher
and to develop this scar tissue in order
to be able to move forward and just
believe in something not arrogantly but
if you know that something has to be
done then pay a price for it but go
ahead Wow you're not off this time marry
interesting that we should be able to
dip into some of your colleagues your
your other climate warriors Christiana
Figueres is part of the architect of the
Paris climate agreement and that
agreement was the members of the United
Nations saying it is about time we need
to take climate action and this is what
we're going to do by 2020 so that is
Christiana she also happens to be a
friend of Mary Robinson as a friend Mary
she asks you this dear Mary one of the
things that I love about you and the
many things I love about you is how
often you have encouraged and you've
been incited young people to all types
of rebellion
where does that feistiness come from
inside of you oh that's easy to answer
Christiana I grew up in the West of
Ireland as the only girl among four
brothers two older than me and two
younger than me so of course I had to
have an early interest in human rights
and gender equality and even using my
elbows and but you know and I had
parents who told me that I had the same
opportunities as those brothers even
though the wider Irish society wasn't
telling me that it was telling me you
know that boys were more we're going to
be altar boys they were going to be
priests they were going to be important
in society they're going to be decision
makers etc and girls had so many
handicaps
but Christiana you've been a wonderful
champion of that what we need to do on
Climate I love your mission 2020 I love
the optimism that you've always had
I actually am influenced by Desmond Tutu
when I was on a panel with him in New
York
and he taught me a lesson when he was
accused by a journalist of being why are
you so optimistic and he replied oh no
I'm not an optimist I'm a prisoner of
hope and that for me was a really
important lesson because if you're a
prisoner of hope you've got to see maybe
the glass isn't half-full there's only a
little bit in it but whatever is in the
glass you work on it you make sure that
you are actively making a difference
fighting back becoming more resilient
arguing for change warning about the
possibility that were not on a sick on
course for a safe world all of that
Elisabeth Susan's basically says what
you were just talking about she she
remembers that quote from Archbishop
Desmond Tutu to be a prisoner of hope
and then as we were chatting to her she
wondered whether you have this attitude
of fortitude in adversity I'm too young
to remember the war but perhaps he was a
little of what those brave people had
that you still you're not a climate
skeptic you think that climate action
climate justice is still very much
possible where does that come from I
think I was very influenced even during
my five years when I served as high
committee
every human rights I used to go to the
places where there were the worst
violations of human rights to the
Democratic Republic of Congo to Chechnya
to Colombia when they were when Colombia
Bogota was was a terrible place for
human rights defenders and human rights
defenders were teachers and trade
unionists ordinary people defending
their human rights and the courage of
ordinary people and their the importance
that they placed on rights and now we
hear a lot about the shrinking of civil
society space that people have less room
that if you speak out against a
government you can be branded a
terrorist even though you've no no no
idea of violence or terrorism but you
could be called that because that's what
happens now and we have to understand
that this is a bumpy time and we have
autocratic leaders we have a populism we
have a nationalism that's very centred
on countries rather than solidarity of a
more global sort and all of this means
we have to struggle and that's the
lesson I learned human rights is a
struggle doesn't always go smoothly
forward but you have to keep fighting
for what is right and what is true and
what is important to people and people
all over the world wants their human
rights they want to be free they want to
have freedom of expression they want the
space to develop and have a fairness in
their society and these are things
really worth fighting for human dignity
and human rights
I was just squeezing Jaime more he is a
UN youth envoi have a quick listen to
him Mary hi my name is Jamie Moore and I
am a un new delegate Farland my question
is how can we make it a priority for
governments to develop meaningful new
participation structures at all levels
of democracy especially for those who
are more seldom heard in an effort to
make human rights global issues and
development education more relevant to
today's young people and future
generations Mary just a 30-second answer
why did the end of their love yeah I
actually loved that voice because young
people have such ability such knowledge
of what the solutions are they are the
leaders of now
the future of now let's give them the
opportunity let's make space for them
let's hear those voices let's make them
part of the decision-making I'm all for
that I'm gonna end with a final tweet
before I thank you Mary Robinson this is
a leave head on who says on Twitter she
just sent this to us
she says Mary Robinson seeing you in my
early childhood leave the country as the
first woman to do so and then advocate
for human rights globally Mamie never
questioned what I could do as a young
Irish woman including what I do today
work of the United Nations in South
Sudan very Robinson it's been a pleasure
having you on the stream thank you so
much
you
