the Trump administration missed the
Tuesday deadline for reunifying children
under five who was separated from their
parents but early on Thursday it said it
had now reunited 57 of the 103 under
fives in its care with a parent however
that's still short of these 63 children
mandated to be reunified by a judge the
American Civil Liberties Union is
unimpressed it said make no mistake
about it a government missed the
deadline even for these 57 children
accordingly by the end of the day we
will decide what remedies to recommend
to the court for the non-compliance I
marry him I mean I marry him the ACLU
has released this video of actors
reading out the account of a Honduran
mother who was separated from her 18
month old son the US immigration
officers then told me that they were
taking my son from me
both the ACLU and the court have
accepted the government's arguments that
in some cases reunification is
impossible some parents have a serious
criminal history that could endanger the
child for example however the judge has
not accepted that the government has no
responsibility to reunite children with
parents who've been deported the
government maintains deported parents
want their children to remain in the US
but has provided no evidence to back up
that claim the next deadline is July the
26th the government has been ordered to
reunite all children separated from
parents by them
and in a conference call with the media
the government said it was confident it
would meet that deadline as quote
efficiently as it had met Tuesday's
deadline but of course the government
missed Tuesday's deadline ceiebrate MC
al Jazeera Washington
