aren't with homemade mortars these
protesters fired into the air showing
their discontent this dictatorship is
reaching its end thousands marched
demanding the resignation of President
Daniel Ortega the worst political crisis
in Nicaragua since the civil war in the
1980s is now in its third month 20 year
old Lester le man one of the students
most prominent leaders says the
president is responsible for the crisis
the political detainees kidnappings
repression the economic downfall
all these destabilizing problems are
because of Ortega he must resign
Romina Carell once here say they don't
want to negotiate peace with the
government instead they say they must
fight repression these protesters are
demanding that the government freeze
those who have been detaining this more
than two months of protests around the
country rights groups say there are more
than 120 protesters who remain
disappeared
and they're demanding constitutional
reform the Constitution must be reformed
because there shouldn't be a reelection
reelection sleep the way to a
dictatorship and we don't want more
dictatorships this attitude says
government negotiator Moises Absalon
Estrada is not helping to find a middle
ground first there must be stability
security and end to violence only then
can we discuss anything regarding the
Constitution people cannot say I don't
like this president and try to oust him
negotiations with the government are
stalled the Catholic Church mediators
hope they resume next week we are
waiting at least until we hear elections
will be held ahead of time the
Constitution should be reformed when the
country needs it protesters have called
for a general strike on Friday but
president of data and his supporters are
not giving up the streets he's planning
on leading a procession to commemorate
the Nicaraguan revolution of nearly 40
years when people rose to topple a
dictator
Mariana Sanchez al Jazeera Managua
