our Libya's fortunes changing after
weeks of fighting warlord Khalifa Haftar
says he's putting his country first by
handing over control of oil export
terminals oil prices fall as the taps
are turned full-on again
so why the about-face this is inside
story
hello welcome to the program I'm
Adrienne Finnegan international pressure
appears to have worked with Libya's
strongman the Khalifa Haftar following
fierce fighting with a rival army for
control of four oil ports he's handed
them over to the internationally
recognized National Oil Corporation it
expects exports of Libya's lifeblood to
get back to normal soon after says he's
putting his country first by handing
over the oil ports but his forces
retained control of important oil fields
Al Jazeera's Mohammed Abdullah had
reports from Tripoli after nearly three
weeks of blockade by forces loyal to -
after Libya's warlord has handed over
control of four oil terminals to the
internationally recognized national oil
corporation based in Tripoli over a
click only beamed out of I congratulate
all Libyans for the resumption of oil
exporting hopefully it will return with
profit for everyone I personally thank
all those who contributed to end this
crisis especially those who acted
rationally
and wisely pressure from the US the UK
Italy and France as well as regional
powers seems to have Forsett heffter to
relinquish control he was planning to
keep the ports under the supervision of
the vanna vazhi based oil corporation
which is allied to Libya's rival
Parliament based in Tobruk the handover
of the oil terminals and resumption of
exporting operations is opposed for the
oil dependent economy some would say the
hand over saves it from collapse but it
doesn't mean the end of the conflict in
eastern Libya with heffner's enemies
remaining nearby the so called oil
Crescent who controls Libya's oil is
questionable because the country remains
divided between two governments one
based in Tripoli the other in the
eastern city of Al Bayda the latest
conflict started on June the 14th when
forces loyal to the former chief of the
petroleum facilities God Abraham J ron
briefly took control of the largest oil
terminals Sidra Andrus
remove at least two oil storage tanks
were set on fire and export stopped as
tankers were turned away from the sweet
ena and riga terminals the four ports
were recaptured by Hefner's forces
reportedly with the help of the Egyptian
and UAE Air Force
despite handing over the ports have to
retains control of oil fields the latest
fight over the lifeblood exports is
estimated to have cost the economy more
than a billion dollars previous battles
since the death of them America daffy
seven years ago caused production to
fluctuate restoring full output is a top
priority both for foreign customers and
Libya's National Oil Corporation which
is promising production will be back to
normal soon drew ahead al Jazeera
Tripoli Libya's oil Crescent stretches
along the Mediterranean coast between
the cities of cert and Benghazi to the
east the region contains 80 percent of
Libya's estimated forty five billion
barrels of oil reserves as well as huge
amounts of gas and it contains three of
Libya's largest oil fields plus
refineries that produce around 60% of
exports oil tankers dock at five main
ports
Sidra is the largest exporting four
hundred thousand barrels a day followed
by it Roslin oof at 220 thousand barrels
so who is Khalifa Haftar
well described until recently as a
renegade general and now warlord after
has been part of the political scene in
Libya for 40 years
he helped Muammar Gaddafi seized power
in 1969 before they fell out after
return from exile seven years ago and
joined the uprising that toppled and
killed the longtime dictator after made
himself an important player in 2015 by
declaring a campaign to drive armed
groups out of Benghazi Libya 'he's
second biggest city in the oil-rich east
libya has an internationally recognized
government in Tripoli at a second
administration in Tobruk which supported
half t'as offensive the UN brokered a
deal to create a
government two years ago but after said
support from his self-declared Libyan
National Army was unthinkable and he's
been accused of actively trying to
undermine a unified government with UAE
and Egyptian support he ordered his
self-declared National Army to seize
control of Libya's major oil ports last
month so let's introduce our panel for
today's discussion from London we're
joined by Sami Hamdi the editor in chief
of international interest from Tripoli
Salah al Baucus who is a political
analyst and senior adviser to the
negotiating team of the High Council of
States and also in London Tom pepper a
North Africa and east Mediterranean
correspondent at energy intelligence
gentlemen welcome to you all
Sami let's start with you after a
three-week dispute that effectively shut
down the country's oil industry why
would general have to hand control of
these oil ports back to the noil the
National Oil Corporation
first of all let's remember that the
decision by filippo after to seize the
oil terminals and block oil exports
within the Libyan domestic scene is was
actually a very shrewd move essentially
after wanted to tell the international
community that I am the man to deal with
I am the future leader of Libya and I
control the resources that you need the
problem is however for honey for after
and what and why he will be very angry
today is that it took his decision to
shut off the oil exports comes about at
a time of very high oil prices and a
very angry US president as a result of
these high oil prices we know that
Donald Trump has been exerting
significant pressure on the region in
order to increase production and reduce
oil prices and he's put out tweets to
this effect blaming certain countries
saying it will be your fault if it goes
above $100 a barrel the most likely
scenario in my opinion is that the the
UAE which previously suggested it would
increase production
I think the UAE are under pressure from
Donald Trump pressured hafta remember
UAE is the main backer of HAFTER to
reopen oil exports and I think the way
in which they convinced after to do so
was to say look
you're still technically in control of
these terminals you still have your
military forces there maybe wait until
the situation internationally is better
and then you can repeat this move once
more in order to exert your influence
moreover from half this perspective
another thing that will make you feel
perhaps a bit more comfortable is his
increasingly warm relationship with
France and general talk within the EU
that perhaps there is benefit in
increasing ties with after in having
warmer relations will HAFTER because he
may well be the one who unites Libya in
the end the reality is that after did
not want to surrender these terminals it
didn't do it in the national interest he
did it simply because everybody
including his own supporters demanded
that he opened those terminals once more
and in particular in my opinion the UAE
let's remember that high oil prices
caused by this decision affects
everybody in the world affects the u.s.
affects UAE affects Saudi Arabia affects
Italy which has a struggling economy and
which is also trying to deal with its
own migration crisis it affects the EU
which is seeking to establish greater
deals with Libya as reflected in the
Vienna agreement so I think here after
thought he did a shrewd tactical move
but it was unfortunately for him at the
wrong time Salah al baku SH what's your
take on this this isn't the first time
that have to has taken control of these
oil terminals what was his motive for
handing control of the ports back this
time if if he'd taken control of them to
perhaps institutionalize his LNA in the
east of the country with perhaps the aim
of moving towards a de facto partition
between the west and the east and then
why on earth would he hand control back
I think he handed look as you suggest
this is not the first time it's
important to note that what this
signifies this whole mess is that the
struggle in Libya is not as some try to
explain it neatly as a struggle between
moderates and extremists Islamists and
secularists east and west it is a
struggle over who could
trolls the resources of the state and
that's what Hafner is trying to do in
he took the the ports from his ex camera
Chadron and handed it immediately to the
NOC in Tripoli because at that time he
was looking for legitimacy for appearing
to be the savior of the Libyans and so
on and to reserve a seat for him at the
table he had that by the French invited
him last year with Suraj and this year
with the Suraj and misery and Aguilar
Salah and so on now he took these these
old ports and he wants something more he
wants the NOC itself and or the central
bank it's a blackmail operation that
failed miserably the Saudi Gazette which
is usually a safe Hector supporter said
that after blundered badly into an
impossible situation that will greatly
diminish his international credibility
that's what happened I mean the scenario
that your previous guests is is talking
about that this is a shoot move and and
the UAE and so on it's not he tried to
blackmail the Libyan state and he failed
and now we'll see what his next move is
Tom I'll come to you in just a moment
but Sammy's you know what just just come
back there I think well I think the
other guest is giving too much credit to
the Libyan state which in reality is
unable to exert influence anywhere in
particular I think the evidence that the
NOC genuinely thought that after had
conducted himself in a very serious
manner that could convince the
international community of his
credentials is reflected in the way how
in the Vienna conference when he
received the news he pleaded with
European companies not to deal with
after an admission that he knew that
companies were thinking about dealing
with after so I think there's too much
credit being given to Tripoli at the end
of the day the problem would have to
remove
is simply that it hurts even his own
supporters the high oil price is a very
serious problem and you can see Trump's
trepidation and anger and desperation in
trying to bring this oil price down and
indeed opening these oil exports once
more is bringing these oil prices down
we've seen it go down 6% which I think
will ease some of those particular
concerns however as your guest
Illustrated after is being received in
France he's being taken as a serious
contender and it is genuinely a fight
for the resources in Libya a HAFTER his
ideal situation is to take control of
either the central bank or the National
Oil Company because then he sets himself
up to be one of the major players in
Libya and then somebody who cannot be
ousted in any negotiation that takes
place no matter how much Tripoli tries
the reality in Libya our finish on this
point the reality on Libya contrary to
what people would like to think is that
after militarily and politically is in
the ascendancy in contrast to Tripoli
okay Tom pepper Sami mentioned a few
minutes ago this letter that US
President Donald Trump has written
strongly worded to the heads of Libya's
rival governments threatening legal
action against those that he deems
responsible for for not solving the oil
Crescent conflict in the east of the
country is Libya's oil important to
global markets yes it is despite the
situation in Libya which sadly is very
very difficult political crisis ongoing
UN trying to find a solution Libya's oil
when it does come on stream does affect
as we've seen recently the global oil
price with Brent crude benchmark rising
to around $80 per barrel as a result of
the outage 10 day outage and when it
came back on stream we're now talking
around 74 dollars per barrel so Libya
does matter it's a OPEC member clearly
output was hovering around a million
barrels a day before this shutdown and
then roughly half to five hundred
seventy thousand barrels a day Libya has
developed unfortunately for Libya a wild
card status in global oil markets it has
the ability to affect the global oil
price from any shutdown
and any restart of production so yes
Libya does matter and what happens in
Libya matters and you governments the
u.s. the UN all know this and that is
clearly why they're trying to find a
solution so Tom what what is President
Trump's strategy here why send this this
letter threatening legal action
well if legal action I have to say I'm
not entirely sure why he would Trump
strategy in this case but I think what
I've seen there's two positives from
Libya from Libya's national corporations
position that they have managed to
prevent with backing from the UN the US
UK France and Germany any illicit sales
of Libyan crude which if we just pull
walk back a bit have to hand it over
recently ten days ago supposedly handed
over these ports these four ports to
Eastern oil officials who since 2015
have tried to sell state crude on the
open market and have failed and the
reason they failed is because of
targeted UN sanctions and as far as we
know at energy intelligence they have
not managed to actually successfully
sell a cargo although they tried several
times and registered several companies
so I think the u.s. as far as I'm aware
are certainly from their statements
recently irrespective of Trump's recent
letter fully backing the government the
UN backed government of fair Siraj and
they have to also continue to back these
independence of both the central bank
but also the tripoli based National Oil
Corporation which has done quite a
sterling job
in wake in the face of lots of
challenges thrown at it recently and Tom
just as president Trump have have one
eye perhaps on the sanctions that he
intends to put upon Iran in later this
year perhaps I mean the in terms of oil
markets the when Libya goes down there's
other on the horizon other potential
disruptions to the oil market coming
from obviously Venezuela the potential
implosion there of the domestic scene
and also a from targeted sanctions on
Iran and if you're a Mediterranean
refiner
you want to have some sort of
reliability of supply and the problem
here in Libya is that increasingly when
we have these shutdowns all these
restarts it sends the message that you
cannot really rely on them as a reliable
supplier of crude to refiners to to
world markets and it's really something
that's out of the control of national or
corporation it does not control the
ports and the fields that it has under
its control aid what it states has under
its control simply for the reason that
these militias and also than even the
Libyan National Army which pledged
allegiance to National Oil Corporation
really has the ultimate hand over these
ports and shouldn't shut them down at
will and this is the sad fact the
reality you had a situation just last
month where this these ports changed
hands three times
gerunds militia took over then they were
displaced by hafta and hafter I decided
whatever his motivation to hand them
over to Eastern all officials for ten
days so it's very hard for NSC to say
that they have complete control over
their facilities so now as tom was
saying that when half took control of
the old ports he allowed this this this
rival version of the national oil
corporation based in bata to sell the
oil what was his thinking
by that what was the strategy look
despite the messages of reassurance that
Sami is trying to send to half the
supporters the fact remains and
everybody knows it that the parallel
institutions in the East have neither
the technical nor the administrative or
legal basis to be able to sell crude oil
the EPSA agreements that the NOC in
Tripoli has with the production and
exploration companies cannot allow that
third institution invader to do anything
after never intended to sell or market
and produce oil in the east through
those miniature organizations all along
his aim was to blackmail the state into
giving him the central bank and/or the
NOC and I did not say that thanks to the
state of Libya that foiled this
blackmail attempt on the contrary what
fall this attempt was the the
international community and their their
trust in Sinhala the head of the NOC the
NOC was doing an excellent job it was
always on the neutral and it was
producing the the oil selling it and the
money goes to the central bank the
question of where the money goes then is
not sonali and the international
community knows that if this oil gets
blocked the whole state of affairs in
Libya will get much much worse than what
it is now Sammy what do you make of that
I mean after us made international
supporters France Egypt the UAE were
were not definitely not supportive his
of his action of taking control of these
ports were they I think initially maybe
the UAE and Egypt would have been but
for the the pressure of the US president
I do agree with a guest when he says
that son Allah's administration of the
NRC has established a lot of confidence
among international partners and they
are very keen to ensure the Independence
of the NOC in order to ensure the the
parallel the continuation of the exports
of oil irrespective of what happens in
the conflict and I think this attitude
actually speaks volumes of the role that
the international community has played
in exacerbating the conflict in Libya we
have to remember who half that takes as
an inspiration to continue his military
expansion in Libya
he takes Abdel Fattah has c.c. in Egypt
and I say this because Abdel Fattah has
c.c. in Egypt rousted a democratically
elected president from power at first
free and fair elections that took place
in Egypt the international community
subsequent recognition of Sisi despite
the military coup despite what happened
Aruba and the incredible crackdown on
human rights abuses
this tells after one thing
that if I can conquer Libya and if I can
continue to militarily expand and
establish effective control of Libya's
resources it doesn't matter who is right
or wrong in Libya it doesn't matter
where the justice is all that matters
for the international community is who
controls Libya and can they provide
stability and I think this is the
failure of the international community
that it has failed to defend the values
that it espouses
and I think with regards to after when
you look at the international community
how one way it gives the impression it's
willing to deal with after the next day
it wants to maintain the independence of
the NOC the next day after is in Paris
the next day we see all of a sudden
Fayez Sarraj being put as an
internationally recognized government
over militias who don't even recognize
his authority okay you see that there is
a profound failure from the
international community and I think this
whole oil saga sums it up correctly okay
so uh I'll because she wanted to come
back on that and to what extent is
competition for influence between France
and Italy in Libya affecting the
situation well it is but you know the
company I mean McCrone tried his hand
you know in a very amateurish way last
year when he put together a couple the
Siraj and after and announced that this
is a great moment and that sir Sir Roger
presents political legitimacy while
after represents military legitimacy and
the two guys before I mean 24 hours
after that and before they left Paris
they got into it with each other
after as is telling Sir Roger to stop
these childish moves and Suraj says well
you cannot solve the problem militarily
and then they put them together in Paris
last month and you see what happens now
after that fanfare and we agree and
we're gonna we're going to disable the
terror institutions and so on so Italy
Italy now with that with the far-right
probably they are closer to Trump okay
and they will get a fair hearing from
him and and that's they try to protect
their Vera
interest and they think that France is
interfering in a in their sphere of
influence and they're gonna fight back
Tom Tom pepper I've a feeling this is
going to be a last question here because
we're almost out of time
how important is oil revenue to two till
it'd be a given that that there's no one
central organization or government
controlling the company you've got this
ongoing political and pass all of all of
the the various rivalries between the
governments in the east and the west and
the various militia operating within the
country well as you said yes no it's oil
revenues vital to the country it's
really the mainstay of the economy
obviously and even if national
corporation misses selling just one
cargo that impacts state finances and
one carbon is say six hundred thousand
to a million barrels of crude so any
shutdown for any length of period costs
the tax well the tax but costs the state
coffers several millions of dollars if
not billion so it matters a great deal
and in fact the way that payments are
made by refineries by international oil
companies is through the Libyan foreign
bank there's a bank account there that
is then paid with Libyan foreign bank as
a subsidiary of the central bank from
the central bank it is the central bank
that distributes salaries throughout the
country but without clearly any
successful cargoes being sold that flood
of money is just goes down to a trickle
so it is vital yes gentlemen we're out
of time many thanks indeed to all of you
sunny Hamdi Sala Alba cush and to Thom
pepper don't forget you can see the
program at any time by visiting our
website al Jazeera comm is where you'll
find us for further discussion on
today's topic go to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
inside story or you can join the
conversation on twitter our handle at AJ
inside story from me Adrian Finnegan and
the whole team here in Doha thanks for
watching we'll see you again bye for now
