at first glance this weathered shell of
a ship in the center of Times Square
looks like well a fish out of water but
the sculpture called wake by Mel chin is
meant to recall New York's past and how
that relates to its future we can talk
about climate change or political issues
or economic issues but I think that
creating art works that provide an
option and investigation into all our
world's a little deeper deeply polyb be
well placed right now shipping helped
the city become a center of commerce
finance and entertainment but the
consumption on display here can be
related to climate change there's more
to this exhibit than first meets the eye
in addition to the sculptural elements
there's a virtual reality component and
when you put on these goggles
it makes it look like Times Square is
completely underwater
and if you don't want to wait in line to
use the special hallow lens goggles
created by Microsoft you can download an
app on your phone for a similar
experience when you're working in a
space like Times Square it's very
difficult to control the environment we
have to be a little bit pushy about
keeping people out of the interactive
space a real emotion in living in a
subterranean world called unmoored this
second exhibit imposes a virtual world
over Times Square it's not fought for
art's sake it's ought to catalyze
awareness it looks like there's a whole
bunch of boats coming up Times Square
it's pretty cool
creating a mixed reality future in a
city just a few meters above sea level
in which global warming has gone
unchecked
I saw boats moving through the air and
also the ship was moving forward into
the air with Genny going into the air
past present and future collide in an
experience that suggests the very things
that have earned Times Square the
nickname crossroads of the world could
also be its undoing christened salumi al
Jazeera New York
