the Men's World Cup 2018 it has been a
thrilling a month of football but has
lived up to all of your expectations
today we'll look ahead to the finals as
well as the news and politics behind
this year's global event i femi okay and
I'm Willie could be land and you're in
the stream now live on YouTube this
year's World Cup has so far been a
source of excitement and emotional mood
swings for football fans everywhere with
us today to talk about this is an
international panel of sports
enthusiasts and Moscow is Priyanka
journalist who's been covering the
tournament in New York State Brenda
Elzey associate professor of history at
Hofstra University and co-host of the
feminist sports podcast burn it all down
in London al Jazeera sports
correspondent Lee Wellings and also in
London fresh from the World Cup Wilfred
in DD a midfielder for the Nigerian
national team also known as the Super
Eagles he also plays for Leicester City
let's start our discussion with the
Russia question have a listen to what
FIFA president Gianni Infantino had to
say last week we all fell in love with
Russia all of us everyone was been here
for a period of time now has discovered
a country that we didn't know I was told
police people in the red square are
smiling when they are asked for some
information they are very friendly that
is great and this is exactly what Russia
is the new image Vladimir Putin almost
smiling in response to the FIFA
president there then we just look here
on my laptop this is Lea reporting a few
weeks ago from the World Cup Lee this
idea about Russia there was some
skepticism as it being the country to
host the World Cup what was it like
reporting from there what did we miss
well there was over seven years of n't
Reversi wasn't there when the World Cup
was first awarded by FIFA and cats are
2022 as well by for the same time we had
a position where people were criticizing
it and in fact most of that was being
levelled at Qatar and then eventually
people started focusing on Russia by
that time we had the big Winter Olympics
doping scandal and then Russia's
politics obviously proving unpopular
with lots of people some but a time the
tournament arrived there was a lot of
negativity around it wasn't there and I
mean a lot so I found myself there for
the first week we're posting on a
tournament that actually was going
really well the Russian people had
embraced it so what you always had to
remember is this doesn't make everything
all right this is the sanitized Russia
that Vladimir Putin wanted to project
this thing to FIFA president Gianni
Infantino there well you've got a
everything key says take with as the old
expression goes a pinch of sort because
he has a lot to say for himself and not
all of it is to be trusted no cause he
was gonna say Russia is absolutely
wonderful it has been a brilliant World
Cup but that was always the plan to give
Russia a sanitized look well the issue
of the host country has been one that
our community has been quite interested
in and I hear what you're saying there
Lee I want to play the perspective of
someone in our community this is Smith
who is an enthusiast and also a PhD
student in political science and this is
what he had to say about Russia for me
this World Cup has given us an
opportunity to screw a lot of police
complaints in terms of soft paths from
the beginning of the Cold War in 1947 it
has had a bad reputation in terms of
human rights in terms of democracy
through this World Cup probably has been
given the opportunity to rebrand itself
rebrand itself as a friendly country a
country that is going to open its doors
to the rest of the world when the rest
of the world needs it this is not to say
that human rights and democracy are
suddenly better in Russia but
international relations have always been
about repetition and impressions and
this counts so prions here there and
you've been there for a few weeks now
what do you make of this comment and how
Russia is hosting well I mean it was
interesting that Gianni Infantino said
we all fell in
Vidia he he says that with good reason
because four years ago in Brazil they
were you know protests and and we
haven't seen anything like that here I
think what's really happened is over the
I mean before the World Cup in the in
the lead-up to it there was so much
negativity as he rightly said and I
think the way the Western media has
portrayed Russia I think it almost
created an overly negative image so
people came here expecting the worst and
that's what that's been my experience
you know I have spoken to fans from
other countries and they're like oh this
is nothing you know this is nothing like
how we thought it would be so I think
it's definitely helped you know Russia
sort of present a more welcoming picture
and you know if this is we talked about
hosting into international major
sporting events and the kind of capital
that they can bring to you the kind of
soft power and I think in that regard
it's definitely been a massive success
for Putin and his regime what were you
gonna say good but I think hooliganism
is a classic example of that the the
hooliganism issue before the tournament
began everyone said look out for the
hooliganism look out for the racism and
people were saying to me be careful out
there but I was saying I'm not expecting
any trouble because it will be squashed
the government and authorities out there
will make sure this looks like a
wonderful place to go and watch football
and it isn't all of the time it's like a
World Cup bubble and that's the danger
that people then say well what was all
this negativity why was there so much
criticism of Russia the truth is always
to be found somewhere in between things
are never black or white mm-hmm
there's so few people who can say I have
played at the World Cup and didi is one
of them and didi I just scrolled through
your Twitter feed here I love this one
feels good to be back on the pitch what
is it like to walk out there during the
World Cup playing World Cup games
describe I think you know it's actually
a good experience because during the end
of the season I got injured and there
was this recreation of
make it I'm not gonna go to the walk
home but actually change very right
because I wanted to be at work I really
want to so the the poster was just our
feels good because that was my
opportunity first game go institute to
the World Cup
I feel very great because every player
wants to be at the World Cup as a player
you always dream of playing at the World
Cup seeing playing against big players
and different different styles you see
on TV also it was an amazing experience
for me though we didn't come out the way
we wanted inside in DD I have to say you
caught the Super Eagles and every every
World Cup everybody think that's super
evils they're going to do it and no but
what a great game to go out on that game
against Argentina with Nigeria playing I
we almost believed we almost believed
you could do it what was that game like
this the game is a game I will never
forget in my in my life because we are
just we are just four minutes because
after you know when the game was going
on looking at the scoreboard and looking
at the time we we knew we could do
better that time we we were trying our
best and trying to defend and everything
was just everything just changed in a
moment after scoring a goal I was not
just me the whole of the team we feel
really bad because everything we've
worked for we just just couldn't hold it
for just four minutes you know so it's
very gonna start crying down in an
objective way of course Brendan you're
doing what we're doing which is watching
the World Cup not in Russia we're
watching it from our various homes
around the world what does that
experience been for you so far you know
it's been really fascinating I think
when we were talking before about what
we expected from Russia the one thing
I'd like to sort of add there is that I
think we have to give a lot of credit to
grassroots activists and community
networks like the fair Network and
they've done things like
establish diversity houses in Moscow st.
Petersburg hotlines for calling and what
stopping discriminatory behavior that
seen hooliganism racism homophobia so I
mean on the one hand I totally agree
that I'm not surprised it's gone very
smoothly in fact if you remember in
Brazil in 2014
yes there were protests at the
Confederations Cup but by the time you
got to the World Cup in 2014 those
protests were pretty much under wraps by
by the privatized security forces in
Brazil as well as as public forces so
you know I I think I've been following a
lot of these efforts and it's super
encouraging the open stadiums project
about Iranian women and I would just
like give them huge credit for the work
that they're doing on the ground there
any strike a distinction between the
Russian government and the Russian
public as well when you spoke to people
across Moscow and across Russia they're
so excited about having the tournament
why wouldn't Russia have the tournament
the largest country in the world in
terms of mass and I was all played in
the Western third of Russia but it was
time really for the World Cup to be
played there and the the fact that the
Russian team unexpectedly ranked 32 out
of 32 probably unfairly the fact that
they did so one started with that 5-nil
win against Saudi Arabia I covered I
mean that was just incredible and you
could sense it's so important that host
nation succeeds and these people it
wasn't a cliche or an easy thing to say
that they were absolutely loving it and
why wouldn't I solely I heard that
discussion I know there is so much more
to talk about with Russia but I want to
push on just a bit now to a conversation
that's been making the rounds online in
our community and elsewhere who
dominates the World Cup and why so what
you're seeing now in your screen are all
the countries that have won the World
Cup since the tournament's start in 1930
so will Europe and South America always
be on top that is what people want to
know I bring you to tweets the other
side's at two sides of this debate
really tanguay says African teams may
have the skills and the football concept
but they lack the suitable training
infrastructure
no good pitches for training and this
isn't just the World Cup in football
it's other international sports on the
other side of that debate this is niala
and Twitter who says I wouldn't say that
FIFA has unfairly prioritized any team
given the level of organization of this
major event it was all well done and
only some teams failed to put in more
effort so prions your take on is this a
question of effort as me all says it is
or is this a question of organisation
and money and capacity I think it's
definitely more a case of the latter
it's it's very important to say that the
World Cup has always been Eurocentric
but it of course you know this thing
becomes very obvious when you have an
all European semi-final which was the
case in 2006 as well so European teams
tend to do well when the tournament is
played in their continent but having
said that I do not think you know once
the tournament expands Europe will gain
from it as well so I do not think it
should be only seen in terms of how that
the tournament is being just spread out
wide to get via wide representation
Europe will gain from it but we need to
remember whenever the top of the World
Cup is that this the Democratic impulse
was always there in its conception it
wasn't just about getting the best
players out of the best teams out it's
about you know making it more
representative and in why and and this
World Cup has been enriched by stories
like Panama where for the first time you
know Peru returning after 36 years and
these are the dramas and narratives you
look for because if you do want to watch
the best football in terms of the
quality I would personally watch the
Champions League I will watch the World
Cup Brenda this is a new conversation
that we're having about how certain
teams or certain regions dominate global
football what you'll take on that well
the first time that anyone outside of
Europe or the Americas played in a World
Cup was 1966 so it's important to
remember that it's not a democratic
institution since its conception it's
conceived of as a European Amer
can get large tournament and you know I
I would just say that it's of course not
a lack of talent or else the Premier
League wouldn't be full of players from
the global South or La Liga so obviously
it's not a case of lack of talent it's a
case of a lack of sustainable
infrastructure as the first tweeter said
it's about corruption in the federations
and it's also about global capital you
know many of these teams show a colonial
legacy of an extraction of labour from
former colonies you know what I'm saying
I think 14 of the French national team
players are eligible to play for
countries in Africa so there's also a
movement of power and capital there that
is an enduring legacy of colonialism and
didn't manager he was he was speaking at
the World Cup about this and he said
that when he over became the manager
seven years ago the gap between the
European teams and everybody else was
lesser and it's only growing so I think
it's definitely a trend worth looking at
and edu might be an example of some of
the talent in the African continent that
then gets exported out you've played for
Belgium you play for Leicester City
right now and then every couple of years
you go back and pay for Nigeria I'm just
wondering how do you keep that talent do
you think in Nigeria or on the continent
what we have to happen I would say he's
not just is not just he's not just me
also a couple of players and the team
massive thank you also to to our
Federation they're doing very great the
actually pushing the young players and
making them understand again and knowing
the fact that you just have to play with
passion for your country it's not just
about the fame and how you get exposed
or maybe you want to make a big transfer
I think is that alone has given the
Nigerian team enough motivation so
always want to play so you have to go
back to the World Cup against Iceland
because where we won the game we
see how happy the country is because for
a long time we've not been so happy you
know because of everything going on and
so I could see the the celebration and
jubilation and on videos after the game
so things like that also made all the
players want to actually play for
Nigeria you know so I just feel is an
opportunity so I wanted to bring up a
party I wanted just to bring up a
comment lab that we just got this is
from Peron and really the they're
echoing something that you've said
earlier brinda in a way Peron says there
is diversity though isn't there look at
the France team is that not diverse
enough for you but in this conversation
about representation is also a look at
how sports commentators are covering the
games and and the teams that do get
there this is a headline Lee that has
been on the Al Jazeera website and
shared for quite a while the racist myth
of the physical African football team we
actually got a video comment from the
author of this piece and I want you to
have a listen let me know what you think
here's James so I wrote this article
because of my larger interest in the
politics of language especially to
representation in certain discourses
that include sports are eccentric
include Russian games for instance I got
heard of listening to White's
commentators was unconscious bias
against players of African descent
manifested mostly at this discursive Ram
of languages what I do realize that
every athletes black on black brings a
certain physicality to the game my
interest was to call out a certain media
representation of African players that
limited their agency or their capacities
mostly to their bodies well you ready
make about yep I think this is a wider
picture actually in the sports media a
lot of common words can be said about
sports media but I think a lot of it can
be substandard and very lazy and cliched
and actually when it comes to African
footballers and the African football in
general I think sometimes the research
is not there and people fall back onto
stereotypes
and actually don't really look at the
teams in depth and the players in depth
and understand the tactics and
understand how they've been coached I
mean we played we made a program a
couple of years back on al-jazeera
we'll support matters about the lack of
black coaches across a football football
I'm interested if Wolford thinks this is
a problem in Africa that actually we
have a situation where black African
coaches don't seem to be trusted and is
that holding back African football or is
it the fact that teams seem to be of
quite a similar standard so you don't
have an absolutely outstanding team
coming and challenging perhaps the way
the Cameroon team did in the late 80s
early 90s or Senegal did at the turn of
the century you know is there an issue
here with coaching as well as some of
the attitudes towards African populace
so I think I think also that as a
mentality we we we always believe if we
have these coaches is better than the
other coach but I would say it all
depends on the players what what they
can actually give how they can actually
bring out the best during the game yeah
on the other side the coaching job is
also important because gives out
tactical and information to to to
display on the pitch but I feel we yes
we believe I've been a white coach he's
actually so you know not just me on the
other side well I think it's not just
about that it's not just about the
coaching you know it all comes from the
Federation and as I said before from the
coach because motivated from the
Federation try to pitchers and you know
so we all know what we change we were
going to do he's not just playing
family's country making them charge make
them power so the coaching is honored is
on
the side so yes is important in the game
as I said earlier I just feel the
mindset is gonna change I feel for now
we just need just to clarify a bit
Holden to say yeah that were actually
gonna get an expansion in 2026 World Cup
9 African teams in that tournament and
that will obviously help the situation
but it's done for money like everything
with FIFA is not done to make world
football better it's not done to expand
the amount of teams that the
Confederation had for good positive
reasons that will be a side effect it's
done for money I have to show as we're
talking about coaches and maybe African
coaches we have to show this diff here
from Senegal's coach he's the only black
coach in FIFA World Cup 2018 and thank
you for those emotional passionate
moments that he shared with us through
the World Cup and Senegal's World Cup
bid now before we talk about the World
Cup final let's have a look at this
scene from last night in Moscow
beautiful day for all creations amazing
we're very proud of our team with such a
small country and they just made it so
much bigger it's an amazing feeling
they've done so so well they dominated
from the second half on the whole game
and we're really proud everyone loves it
the feeling that the vibe is amazing
here you can't you just feel that like
the excitement and the love and
everything that we've gone to the finals
it's incredible so on Sunday Croatia
will have its first World Cup final ever
they face France who won the World Cup
in 1998 now Malika what do we need to
know about these scenes what do you have
well we asked our community if they're
planning to watch the final this is one
person's response Brenda a twin says I'm
in it for Croatia they played very well
from the start and the history of the
nation they deserve the world trophy
what are you looking forward to Brenda I
think I'm just looking forward to
well actually I love the French defence
I Gentile and analyst called it a pick
pocket defense and I thought it was the
funnest game
to watch and well the funnest backline
to watch and I expect that they'll
continue to be that way I mean all of
the French offense is getting a ton of
attention because they're amazingly
talented but I'm actually excited for
the defense I have to show you pre ash
Priyanka was sitting on the pitch ATS
inside a Samara arena
watching Russia play Croatia definitely
among the highlights of this World Cup
look at that smile couldn't get any
bigger what did you learn from the
courageous playing style from sitting
that close you could probably touch the
players yeah semi-final yesterday and I
think the things that rarest has stood
out about the team is that they really
don't give up in the round of 16 in the
qualifiers and the same fans they were
behind they came back from behind they
won the first two games on penalties
yesterday they won in extra time so I
even though there's a lot of talk with
they will be fatigued in the final I
don't think that might be a concern
because they just keep fighting on and
it's an incredible story especially for
Croatia Croatia 20 years ago they lost
to France in the semi final after taking
the lead and now here they are again you
know meeting in a World Cup final as the
Croatian coach yesterday said for 20
years we have just talked about this
game leave what about France
I think France are the best team in the
tournament it's as simple as that you
could make an argument that Belgium
might be the second-best team and that
was the strongest side of the draw
I think France the quality through the
mean in 1982 France had won the first
World Cups I watched on television they
had a wonderful wonderful midfield led
by Michel Platini but this one and this
team in many ways feels better and
actually 1998 I covered the scenes in
Paris hundreds of throw and I don't look
old enough but I promise you I was there
with hundreds of thousands of people in
Paris and they hadn't really embraced
the World Cup property until Croatia
scored in the semi-final Croatia went 1
nil up and they're nearly entire arm
scored twice really unexpectedly first
for France
yeah and France won that we're not going
extra tightly wrap it up and actually
here we go France Croatia is gonna be
such a pro Malika what do you have well
this is why you should care if you were
not a football fan or drove and Twitter
says the World Cup
just a sports contest it's an
intersection of other contests into race
intrastate inter-ethnic and interval's
happenings at the World Cup have a huge
symbolic effect thank you to Li free ash
and Brenda and in DD thank you for
watching
Malik and I will see you next time take
everybody
you
