many people here in Uganda's capital
Kampala aren't happy about having to pay
to use the Internet's most popular
services - when Bobbie wine a pop star
and MP led a demonstration against the
new social media users have to pay about
6 cents a day to be able to access
whatsapp Facebook and other services
President Yoweri Museveni said the tax
will help to reduce gossip the activists
here say it's an indiscriminate tax that
hurts the poor most
Internet users access to data's kind of
handsome out if they have a bit of money
20 cents 50 cents they buy some credit
when it runs out there we are flying
again maybe for a couple of days so for
those people social media tax he's
probably but after just minutes of
marching police came to stop the
protests they said it's unlawful
demonstrations have been heavily
restricted in Uganda
since anti-government protests seven
years ago this time things were no
different meanwhile kiosks for mobile
phone payment services usually busy
stand quiet
they were also subject to a new tax in
recent years services to transfer
payments directly from one phone user to
another will become a key part of the
economy but the government says it needs
the revenue our desire and aspiration is
that we should as Uganda finance our own
budget a hundred percent and to do that
redundance will have to contribute
something smart and as we do contribute
we are also cautious that is not to be a
budget but those who think it is a
burden weren't given long to express it
please arrested protest leaders but
Bobby wines supporters managed to drag
him away
Prime Minister since told parliament
that the government will review the
controversial taxes
but it's clear that this kind of
opposition to them won't be tolerated
Malcolm Webb al Jazeera Kampala Uganda
