protesters again on the streets unlike
the demonstrations over the weekend
these remained peaceful the police
closely watched the crowd and shut it
down before the demonstration could grow
in size the protesters say they will be
back to underline their demand for the
resignation of Haiti's prime minister
Jacky Lafont on the prime minister is
trying to hold on to power his
government in crisis after his call for
sharp fuel increases nearly a week ago
set off the protests he spoke briefly
after meeting with the head of the
Parliament he gave no indication of any
plan to step down this morning I met
with the head of the National Assembly
Joseph Lambert and we talked about our
common interests and how we can move
forward from the current crisis has only
been Prime Minister for 17 months he had
never held public office before there's
now a growing consensus here both with
the business community and also the poor
that his government is weak and his days
in power are numbered a vote of
confidence has been scheduled in the
parliament for Saturday there is intense
pressure on the prime minister to step
down before then if I get Sunday a
change of government won't fix anything
the problem is the system it's rotten
and can't bring change on its own we
need to change the whole political
system otherwise there's no hope for
Haiti
I hope the Parliament votes the Prime
Minister out of office we need a
government that's more representative
and a prime minister who can bring
people together more protests are
expected in the days to come some
Haitians worry that if the Prime
Minister refuses to go it could provoke
the opposition and raise the risk of
even more violence for now most here
believe it's not a matter of if but when
Gabe Rolando al-jazeera port-au-prince
