Iran exported little more than a million
barrels of oil a day before the nuclear
deal and its top four customers were in
Asia nuclear sanctions were lifted
Iranian exports have now more than
doubled but these four Asian nations
still consume a big share that goes some
way to explaining the significance of
reports that India Japan even South
Korea are heeding the u.s. demand to
stop importing Iranian oil and why Iran
is now threatening to block the Strait
of Hormuz the vital sea way for the
world's number one oil exporter Saudi
Arabia as well as arounds other
oil-producing rivals
in the Gulf Donald Trump withdrew from
the Iran nuclear deal two months ago we
will not allow a regime the chance death
to America to gain access to the most
deadly weapons on earth
he warned countries to halt Iranian oil
imports by November when new sanctions
start and threatened us financial
restrictions that could make accessing
crude oil even more difficult US allies
in Asia are having to consider their
close ties with the US against their
need for a reliable flow of oil
financial experts at Reuters and
Bloomberg wire services quote shipping
and industry sources who say Asian
countries are being swayed by Trump's
threats the sources report India's oil
imports from Iran slowed by almost 16
percent in June some oil refineries in
India and in Japan have begun scouting
alternative suppliers and September oil
cargoes from Iran to Japan could be the
last South Korea has already made cuts
of 30% but Iran's a number one customer
China is locked in an escalating trade
war with the US China says it won't
comply with US sanctions on Iran but
others will be looking for new suppliers
an OPEC resolution last month championed
by US ally Saudi Arabia allows
oil-producing nations to boost
production ensuring countries in the
Middle
at least are ready to make up the
Iranian oil short form which brings us
back to Iran and its threat to block the
Strait of Hormuz it could account for an
apparent softening of the u.s. stance on
Iran this week speaking from the United
Arab Emirates Secretary of State Mike
Pompeo signaled the possibility of
sanctions exemptions saying the u.s. is
open to requests for the tough US
measures due to start in November to be
waived
