England's first World Cup semi-final for
28 years many of the thousands that
crammed into Hyde Park in London were
not born when England last got this far
for weeks it had been an unexpected and
joyful party in a heatwave and nobody
here wanted it to end wearing a white in
Moscow here they were wearing smiles and
waistcoats this day was being called
waistcoat Wednesday to match the look of
the unlikely hero unassuming England
manager Gareth Southgate hope had turned
into expectation most England fans
expected their team to be Croatia
regardless of world-class midfielders
like Maude rich and Racquet each in
their team and maybe the hope was
justified because England struck early
again euphoria at Hyde Park but Croatia
crept back into the match and the
tension spread across High Park tips to
profit Croatia eventually found their
way to score and dampened the excitement
tiredness had crept into the England
team and the supporters eye Croatia
found their way to win 2-1 huge
disappointment but also pride England
still hasn't reached a World Cup on
foreign soil but their unexpected
journey to the last week will never be
forgotten by people here next time
English
Gareth Southgate young England team
lifted spirits and distracted people for
the uncertainty of arguing over brexit
England have the world champions are
under 17 and under 20 level so England's
time may just start just not yet Lee
Wallace al-jazeera London
