opposition leaders on the march in the
capital say the voters role has a lot of
ghost voters on it they say they have
proof some names have been duplicated
and several addresses and ID numbers on
the register don't exist they're calling
on the Independent Electoral Commission
to allow them to personally inspect
ballot papers before elections to
prevent village organizers say it is
possible for some people to have the
same first last name and date of birth
and for security reasons it's illegal
for political parties to inspect ballot
papers before elections should we
continue to try and build consensus
given that whatever exercise we've done
has failed to build consensus in the
first place perhaps we should just stick
to our very strict constitutional
mandates and exclude everyone these are
things that we're going to sit down as a
commission and discuss a voting day at
the end of the month will be the first
without deposed President Robert Mugabe
on the ballot except for the explosion
at president Emerson when anger grows
rally in Bulawayo last month campaigning
has been incident-free so far police say
the run-up to this election has been
less violence than in previous years and
few cases of intimidation had been
reported so far the ruling Sonicare
party denies opposition allegations is
planning to man
you late voter numbers by tampering with
benefits international observers who
were banned by Robert Mugabe have
arrived for the first time in 16 years
the European Union says the disagreement
between the Electoral Commission and
opposition parties can be resolved some
countries provide for it some countries
zone what we've discovered in different
places is the access the main opposition
leader now Santa Mesa says if nothing is
done to resolve the stalemate his party
will announce their own final results
when vote counting is complete a move
some say could jeopardize the
credibility of the polls para matar all
deserve
