never has the US commitment to its NATO
allies looked as shaky as this even
before the summit had started president
Trump used his breakfast with NATO's
Secretary General to attack his allies
focusing on one in particular
Germany is totally controlled by Russia
because they were getting from sixty to
seventy percent of their energy from
Russia and a new pipeline and you tell
me if that's appropriate because I think
it's not and I think it's a very bad
thing for NATO and I don't think it
should have happened and I think we have
to talk to Germany better the Secretary
General looked taken aback
but the president kept up his
extraordinary attack for Germany as far
as I'm concerned his captain to Russia
because it's getting so much of its
energy from Russia so we're supposed to
protect Germany but they're getting
their energy from Russia Chancellor
Merkel has just survived a bruising
political battle at home had this
response to this fresh assault over
entire Deutsch funds I have myself
witnessed that parts of Germany were
controlled by the Soviet Union and I am
very happy that today we are unified in
freedom as the Federal Republic of
Germany and that's why we can say that
we make our own policies and we make our
own decisions
despite that comment she looked as
though the ferocity of Trump's words had
affected her she was hardly smiling as
she interacted with the others the
president and the Chancellor avoided
each other walking at different ends of
the procession then what's known as the
family photo at a time of family feud as
helicopters flew overhead the tension
was high the leaders clearly aware the
current divisions are among the most
serious this alliance has faced in its
almost 70 years of existence
finally when Chancellor Merkel and
President Trump actually met the
language was much more conciliatory than
earlier perhaps the president decided to
back down he's been known in the past to
avoid confrontation in face-to-face
meetings or the two decided to declare a
truce for now
either way damage has been done to us
Germany relations and to the image of
unity they wanted to reject here
