it was the moment they had been waiting
for a victory over Belgium and France on
its way to the World Cup final at a fan
zone in Paris 20,000 people had watched
the game but I'm so happy there is no
words we are in finals we're done France
earlier they'd been a mixture of anxiety
and hope of the first half without a
goal it's very difficult we're under
pressure it's very stressful we hope
it'll get better in the second half
then defender Samuel MTT scored in the
second half and changed france's
fortunes as the celebrations began there
was a thought for those who had lost all
ability christina was that we like
belgium because they're our neighbors
it's a great team huzzah was great but
we held strong it was a wonderful
semi-final as the party kicks off so
does the countdown to the final France
hasn't won the World Cup for 20 years
Francia and now dreaming of a victory
Natasha butler al Jazeera Paris
