it's a long way from Ukraine's fighting
but this small border town is having an
identity crisis it spreads well beyond
the hillside bearing both Hungarian and
Ukrainian flags many of the people here
live with a secret they have dual
citizenship that's illegal in Ukraine
and a camera smuggled into the Hungarian
consulate building exposed what's been
going on you can hear people swearing
allegiance to Hungary with diplomats
present even the chink of champagne
glasses after the passports are handed
over in anger Ukraine's Foreign Affairs
Minister who's come to the region trying
to calm things down but he won't budge
on the central issue there is no way of
having double citizenship under
Ukrainian law the diplomatic spat is
escalating with the Ukrainian government
suggesting that Viktor Orban the
Hungarian Prime Minister and Vladimir
Putin President of Russia both have a
vested interest in destabilizing this
region beyond that there's been the
publication online of 500 names of
people a website suggests all hold
illegally Hungarian passports a
birthdate it's in difficulty sure number
text number its contradiction of
information and my home address Andrei
min shook has no political affiliations
he runs an IT business yet he's on the
list
hello wife children's and all peoples on
danger impera however recently there
were confrontations between far-right
marches and police yeah the
demonstrators took down the Hungarian
flag from a public building and on the
streets here there's dismay that a
secret camera could record proceedings
inside a foreign consulate it's a way to
blow the conflict here out of proportion
why is dual and even triple citizenship
allowed in Europe when here it's a crime
if we want to be part of
we should live according to its values
pavlo klimkin had talks with community
leaders from several ethnic minorities
and condemned the online publication of
Hungarian passport holders
this site was created to counter of the
Russian aggression and now to put
Hungarians use the same context like
those Russians fighting against our
independence and sovereignty creates a
lot of issues for me
Andrei min choked and his wife aren't
sure what to do about the website list
that's still online they're thinking of
leaving the country Andrew Symonds al
Jazeera para hava Ukraine
