at least one reunification of a father
and his young child by Tuesday's
federally ordered deadline was captured
on camera but the US government admitted
it would fail to reunite all migrant
children under five with the parents it
took away the government says of the
some 100 children in its custody just
over a third of that number would
definitely be reunited with parents by
the end of Tuesday officials said some
parents haven't passed background checks
to ensure the child's safety
DNA testing to confirm the relationship
of parent and child wasn't complete in
some cases and some parents had been
released into the u.s. or deported
making it logistically difficult for
families to be reunited but the federal
judge who mandated the reunions was not
impressed Judge Dana Sabra ordered that
63 children be reunited by the end of
Tuesday he ordered that the process of
matching parents and children be
streamlined expedited DNA testing used
only if no supporting documentation
could be provided by parents and for the
eight children whose parents had been
released into the u.s. to be reunited
immediately and an important
consideration to keep in mind here is
which of these screening procedures the
government is undertaking are really
necessary and legitimate here and which
ones of these procedures are really
delay tactics the judge said that if the
Trump administration failed to meet his
Tuesday deadline it would have to
specify reasons to the American Civil
Liberties Union by Thursday the ACLU
could then contest those reasons in
court on Friday with the possibility of
a penalty being levied against the
government if it was found to have acted
in bad faith back in Washington
President Trump seemed untroubled by the
chaos his zero-tolerance immigration
policy is unleashed on legal asylum
seekers and their children I have a
solution tell people not to come to our
country illegally this was supposed to
be the comparatively easier deadline for
the government to meet but it failed the
next deadline is July 26th all some
3,000 migrant children over the age of 4
in US custody are to be reunited with
their parents by then cher Burton C al
Jazeera
