a buzz of activity at first glance it
appears like just another regular day in
Hades capital city but don't be fooled
this is a country again dealing with a
political and economic crisis
port-au-prince says in recent days been
the scene of large-scale protests
thousands took to the streets at one
point officials temporarily closed in
the capital's international airport
fearing the crowds the anger was
directed at the government police used
tear gas to disperse people apparently
threatening to overrun the presidential
palace several people were killed during
the melee the unrest was sparked by the
government's decision to increase fuel
prices by up to fifty percent the
increases cover gasoline diesel and
kerosene sales however it's kerosene
which stands apart from the others being
the cheap fuel of choice for the
millions of poor Haitians to power their
stoves and generators people in this
economically impoverished country most
of whom make less than a couple dollars
a day are furious at what they view as
an inept and corrupt government the fuel
hike was the last straw bucket we had
taken to the streets because the
president is keeping the people hostage
everything is overpriced unemployment is
high and people are hungry
we need to free Haiti from all of that
if the president doesn't step down we'll
continue protesting we've given
lawmakers an ultimatum either they force
him from office or we will burn the
Parliament down to the ground the
government says the gasoline rate
increase was needed and it would have
brought in tens of millions of dollars
to fund much-needed infrastructure
projects throughout the country but
faced with the backlash the government
backed down and halted the rate increase
at least for now but this is still a
country in deep political crisis people
here saying they'll go back on the
streets to protest until there's a
change in government Georgia's Lucian is
a historian and political analyst who
says these protests are different from
the ones in the past because now the
anger is focused not only on the
political leaders but also at the
business leaders as well
these policies not only affect the poor
but also the middle-class until the
government starts working to improve
people's lives there's no guarantee the
recent unrest won't return so far all
the government policies are pushing
people out of their lands they are
building sweatshops and other industries
for imports but ignoring local
production Haiti on edge a proposed fuel
price hike is now the fuel and flaming
the angers of a long-suffering people
Gabe Rose Ando al Jazeera port-au-prince
