a day after the Israeli government
decision and the effect was clear a
substantial reduction in the traffic
coming into Gaza from the cargo crossing
with Israel the lorries we saw were
mainly carrying animal feed which along
with medicine livestock fuel and food
for shops a cost as humanitarian goods
exempted from the closure but that means
no raw materials for businesses like
this textile firm in Gaza City the
closure also means no chance to export
the finished product to the occupied
West Bank which accounts for 40% of the
business
Garza's economic decline has already
seen production carved here in the last
year staff cut by 1/3 this decision
means it's more likely that I'll have to
close my factory 50 to 60 workers will
lose their jobs I won't be able to
fulfill my orders from the West Bank I
won't be able to produced for the local
market so the decision for us for the
whole of the Gaza Strip is catastrophic
Israel's Prime Minister announced the
action as a response to the continuing
use of kites and balloons carrying
incendiary material which for months now
have been flown from Gaza into Israeli
territory thousands of hectares of
Israeli farmland and forests have been
burned the UN special coordinator on the
Middle East peace process on Tuesday
urged Hamas to end the practice and
called on Israel to reverse the border
closure saying humanitarian goods were
no substitute for commerce and trade
Garza's official unemployment rate
already stands at well above 40 percent
its economy already suffering from
salary cuts imposed by the Palestinian
Authority as it - tries to pressurize
Hamas as long as the restrictions remain
in place on goods coming through the
Israeli route the focus will shift to
what's just over there the Rafah
crossing from Egypt currently 30 or 40
trucks mainly carrying construction
Goods come through that route each day
the question is can eject become an
alternative supply route on a large
scale Egypt has unusually kept the
crossing open since mid-may but experts
say relying on Egypt to replace what's
being lost through the Israeli crossing
is unrealistic
the Rafah crossing can't be a substitute
for Karem Shalom because there are lots
of goods that we import from the West
Bank
we want to see integration between Gaza
and the West Bank we would want refer to
be an additional crossing not a
substitute but for that we need a fully
integrated political agreement earlier
on Tuesday a boat carrying injured
people attempted to sail from Gaza as
with a similar attempt in May they were
intercepted by the Israeli Navy at the
same time as it imposed the new
restrictions on the land crossing Israel
also ended its extension for Garza's
fishing waters reduced back from 14
kilometers to ten after 12 years of
blockade the squeeze on Gaza
two million people is intensifying Harry
Fawcett al Jazeera Gaza
