trooping into Downing Street a brand new
brexit Minister and a brand new foreign
minister surrounded by her revamped
cabinet to resume survives as Prime
Minister after a turbulent few days but
in the current state of British politics
there's no guarantee that living to
fight another day
means any more than just that and my
principal job at a time of massive
importance for our country is to stand
Foursquare behind the Prime Minister so
that we can get through an agreement
with European Union based on what was
agreed by the camera last week checkers
part of that is a strong confident
Britain recent days have seen two senior
ministers resign in protest at what
resume has chosen as her preferred
approach to brexit a business-friendly
strategy with close trade ties to the EU
some of those who favored a clean break
have called it a sellout among them now
former foreign minister and Titan of the
pro brexit campaign Boris Johnson and
David Davis the minister who had been in
charge of negotiations with the EU in
his resignation letter Johnson wrote
brigs it should be about opportunity and
hope it should be a chance to do things
differently that dream he said he's
dying suffocated by needless self-doubt
there had been concerns inside Downing
Street that Johnson widely thought to
cover the top job might launch a bid to
unseat the Prime Minister but that would
require the support of other senior
brexit supporters in cabinet and outside
people like Michael Gove the Environment
Minister have you considered resigning
yourself and what do you think of Boris
Johnson's decision and David Davis
decision to resign my Maia Boris and
David very much I'm sorry that they've
left it up but but and is Theresa may
now in trouble as a result of all this
Theresa May said she was looking forward
to getting on with a busy week England
in the semi-finals of the World Cup u.s.
president Donald Trump on a UK visit and
a hundred years since the birth of the
Royal Air Force the Prime Minister
trying to give the impression of a
leader not in crisis
Jonah hull al-jazeera London
