for half a century their nations fought
Wars and for the last 20 years they were
on the brink of more fighting eyeing
each other wearily across there fiercely
disputed border this display of goodwill
has people celebrating two rivals
embracing peace declaring an end to the
state of war the chances and the
opportunities were there for us and we
were hoping to use them but they were
locked away from us for the past 25
years but today we feel like we have not
lost anything we feel as if what we've
lost has been regained the wall that was
built between our people against their
will for the last 20 years needs to be
demolished the war that took the lives
of thousands and wasted many years and
cost us dearly financially had finally
become war without death Ethiopia's new
Prime Minister took the first step a
surprise and controversial decision to
accept a long delayed peace deal the two
leaders have now gone a step further
agreeing to open their border
re-establish embassies resume flights
and develop ports the long-running
border dispute left tens of thousands of
people dead and many more displaced era
trains were among the largest group
trying to cross the Mediterranean at the
peak of Europe's migration crisis many
trying to escape military conscription
but implementing the fledgling peace
deal is not expected to be easy
communities that are likely to resist
being finding themselves transferred to
another national jurisdiction or divided
by the new border so the implementation
is something that's going to have to be
handled very carefully the head of the
United Nations Antonio Guterres says the
UN is ready to act to ensure the peace
deal holds and has signaled the possible
end to sanctions against Eritrea which
include an arms embargo and a partial
travel ban if the reasons that led to
the to the sanctions will no longer
exist that of course depends on the
specific nature of those sanctions they
will naturally
become obsolete both nations stand to
benefit from the deal through investment
and cooperation which includes access
for a landlocked Ethiopia to Eritrea's
Red Sea ports the deal also offers the
promise of stability for a generation on
both sides of the border that has only
ever non-war million de hond al Jazeera
