thousands gathered in some pizza square
to see Pope Francis make seven Saints
among them Pope Paul the six who oversaw
one of the most turbulent periods of
modern Catholic Church history in the
1960s and 70s also canonized is
Archbishop Oscar Romero killed by a
right-wing death squad while preaching
in our Salvador 38 years ago he'd been
milking humanoid it is wonderful that
together with him and the other new
Saints today there is Archbishop Romero
who left the security of the world even
his own safety in order to live his life
according to the gospel close to the
poor and to his people with a heart
drawn to Jesus and his brothers and
sisters ostensibly his canonization was
for a medical miracle curing Cecilia
Flores of a life-threatening illness but
for her and many other Salvadorans he's
much more he's a person who fought for
all Salvador and continues fighting and
continues to intercede for the country a
brave man who defended life defended the
family defended the most needy that's
what he means to me they revere him for
speaking out for social justice and
defending them against repression from
the military LED right-wing governments
in the 1970s and 80s
conservatives however saw him as a
spokesman for the left-wing he knew that
that put him in danger
him not I will not abandon my people but
along with them I will run all the risks
that my ministry demands the archbishop
remained a divisive figure even after
his murder
and it took the intervention of Pope
Francis to ensure his sainthood to
delight with these supporters in El
Salvador to me it's a joy because every
time I visit the Crypt I feel he's still
alive because for me he didn't die
it's a big joy I have tears I'm not too
old but I grew up following the steps of
Monsignor Romero it's a big joy El
Salvador eventually emerge from civil
war many are hoping their new Saint will
guide them as they tackle the violence
and injustice that continue to blight
their country dance Weimar al-jazeera
