Lucia had said she was prepared to die
under house arrest her family feared
that was a real possibility as her
depression and heart problems worsened
the artist was never charged with any
crime but spent the last eight years a
virtual prisoner in her Beijing home
emerging only occasionally to talk to
journalists and her lawyers she was
married to Lu shabu who in 2010 became
the first Chinese person to win the
Nobel Peace Prize his award placed
symbolically on an empty chair his
acceptance speech written just before
his arrest I firmly believe that China's
political progress will not stop and I
filled with optimism look forward to the
advent of a future free China Lucia Bo
died of liver cancer almost a year ago
he'd been allowed to leave prison for
emergency treatment but was banned from
leaving China for medical care China's
most famous dissident was serving an
11-year sentence for subversion for now
Lucia will live in exile in Germany
which is where China's Premier Li
Keqiang was on Monday so fair to assume
Liu's release was finalized during his
talks with Germany's Chancellor but on
Tuesday a Chinese Foreign Ministry
spokeswoman denied this saying Lu had
traveled to Germany in accordance with
her will whether it is related to the
high-level diplomatic meetings going on
at the moment I don't see any connection
Lu Chows release comes at a time when
China is seeking to strengthen alliances
with countries which like China oppose
the trading policies of the United
States next week a summit of Chinese and
leaders of the European Union will be
held here in Beijing so it's possible
that the decision to free Lu is a
goodwill gesture China's President Xi
Jingping
has presided over a three-year long
campaign against most forms of dissent
what was permissible a decade ago can
now land you in jail which is where many
human rights lawyers political
activists and journalists now languish
Adrian Brown al-jazeera Beijing
