soldiers and emergency crews go from
house to house to make sure no one has
been missed in the floods chaos hello
they call out is there anyone there with
dozens of people still unaccounted for
the rescuers appeals are being repeated
in affected communities throughout this
part of Japan a couple of streets away
here uh she issues a key and his
extended family have returned to see
what they can salvage from what used to
be their home like most of his
neighbor's they go about the task with a
quiet stoicism and like many Japanese
here they believe the storms have been
getting worse recently around here
there's been more rains and the
riverbank is just over there so I've
been worried the river defenses in this
city are formidable but even they
couldn't hold back the torrent of water
all Japanese cities have in place
elaborate plans for dealing with natural
disasters but these rains were so
impressive nted it led to a surge of
water that it seems took the local
governments as well as people here
completely by surprise
once this cleanup is over city leaders
will be asking how better to prepare for
the next time here Rossi
ishizaki isn't sure he wants to face a
next time my feeling is I won't live
here because something like this might
happen again preparing for the future is
never certain made all the harder by
apparently worsening weather Rob McBride
al-jazeera Karachi City Japan
