on Tuesday at least 54 children under
five will be reunited with a parent
according to the Trump administration's
lawyer that falls well short of a court
order for all children under five in US
custody to be reunited though the
administration admits that number should
be 96 the American Civil Liberties Union
says it thinks the number may be higher
the government says the need to conduct
background checks and logistical
problems make reunification impossible
in some cases but it will provide a time
frame for the remaining children to join
their parents in one case the government
says it has no idea who the child's
parents are the next date mandated by
the court is July 26th by then all
separated children no matter their age
are to be reunited with their families
it's not clear what the legal
consequences will be if the
administration fails to reunify all
families by the end of the month
Calderon is working with a separated
family this is something where that
we've not had to deal with before so I'm
not sure how you would penalize the
government for failing to do their job
in this particular case the Attorney
General announced the zero-tolerance
policy in early April and by early May
all undocumented migrants crossing the
southern border including asylum seekers
were being prosecuted
once detained for criminal prosecution
parents lose custody of their children
in fact we now know trial separation
policies began quietly last year the
administration says it has less than
3,000 separated children in its care but
those numbers are disputed and accurate
numbers are just one of many problems in
late June this was the congressional
testimony of the Secretary of Health and
Human Services i sat on the ORR portal
with sit with just basic keystrokes
within seconds could find any child in
our care for any parent and technically
that appears to be true each detained
child is given a number that's put in a
database but countless reports suggest
that authorities have not kept parental
records even as children are transferred
thousands of kilometers away from their
mothers and fathers in nor experience
there's nothing connecting a child's
case to a parent's case some of these
children don't know their full names of
their their parents so that's hard to
help them locate
even if the administration is able to
locate both parent and child it's
unclear what's next there are reports
that some asylum seekers are being told
a condition of reunification with their
children is for them all to be deported
together back to the danger they say
they escaped Sheraton C al Jazeera
Washington
