the thought of their Russian neighbor
looms large in Polish minds then Defense
Ministry has proposed setting up a joint
armoured division which would have
15,000 US troops and a total of 250
tanks and armored vehicles they say
establishing such a force will present
an unequivocal challenge and deterrence
to what they described as Russia's
increasingly bold and dangerous posture
towards Europe the Pentagon is reported
to be actively engaged on costing the
plan but muskers warned it will
retaliate against any NATO expansion on
its western flank oh my god
this is the dream of all military people
including me and I believe for many many
Poland Poland Polish citizens for the
last thirty years we were dreamed we
were dreaming about it because since we
joined NATO we felt kind of like a
second great member or second second
well second great member of the of the
Alliance because we could not have
permanent or even temporary and NATO
bases here the monuments in Warsaw
marking the Second World War show all
too clearly why the poles want to
shelter under the wings of Washington
six million of their citizens died most
of them civilians under the successive
occupations by Nazi Germany and the
Soviet Union and the poles are very
conscious that one of the reasons why
the Second World War happened why they
suffered so much was because of effects
not just the lack of security guarantees
because those were actually in place but
the actual lack of real armed forces
that could have defended Poland when
when conflict came after the turbulent
g7 summit there may be not enough
diplomatic paper to cover the cracks in
this week's NATO summit whatever the
outcome though Poland hopes to benefit
the most
David chatter al Jazeera Warsaw
