with all the suspense and drama of a
reality TV show
president Trump picked the favorite
tonight it is my honor and privilege to
announce that I will nominate judge
Brett Kavanaugh to the United States
Supreme Court the nomination of the
president's choice for the US Supreme
Court has already begun a battle between
liberals and conservatives that will
cost millions of dollars and could
dominate the November midterm elections
mr. Trump's presentation in mr.
Cavanaugh's almost was a political
campaign appealing less to judicial
philosophy than to what people might
think they were voting for as a
political candidate if confirmed by a
narrowly divided Senate 53 year old
Cavanaugh is expected to tilt the
nation's highest court decisively to the
right in opposition to such issues as
abortion and gay rights despite making
this promise I believe that an
independent judiciary is the crown jewel
of our constitutional republic if
confirmed by the Senate I will keep an
open mind in every case and I will
always strive to preserve the
Constitution of the United States and
the American rule of law with respect to
the Constitution he believes in paying
attention to what the framers thought
they were writing when they wrote that
language in that sense he's not going to
be an attractive candidate for those of
a more liberal persuasion pro-abortion
demonstrators and others began
protesting on the steps of the court
even before Trump made the announcement
Kavanaugh was a former staff secretary
to President George W Bush and a former
aide to Kenneth Starr he was the special
counsel whose investigation led to the
impeachment trial of President Bill
Clinton with Trump facing a special
counsel of his own he may now have a key
ally Cavanaugh has already spoken out
against indicted a sitting president in
the Minnesota Law Review he wrote the
indictment and trial of a sitting
president moreover would cripple the
federal government rendering it unable
to function with credibility in either
the international or domestic arenas
of all the people the most self-serving
person he could choose in order to
protect himself from this criminal
investigation we cannot let this
confirmation process go forward with the
US Senate deciding the nomination and
split between 51 Republicans and 49
Democrats every vote will count
conservative groups have already
launched an ad campaign he wants the
best of the best on the Supreme Court
and the president has signaled he's
ready for the battle Trump has set up a
nomination war room next door to the
White House and the Eisenhower executive
office building assigned to liberals
that the battle is on
John Hendren al Jazeera the White House
