most of that our province is now under
government control tens of thousands of
displaced people have returned to their
villages they left makeshift camps close
to the border with Jordan after a
ceasefire deal between the rebels and
the Russian military which has been
negotiating on behalf of Damascus but
there are tens of thousands of others
who are still camped out along the
border with the israeli-occupied Golan
Heights some of them are wanted by the
Syrian authorities for engaging in
opposition activities it is risky for
them to return without international
guarantees the people here are really
shocked from what's been happening
lately we can't believe how rebels have
been handing over territory to the
government with no real guarantees the
Russians for example guaranteed
governments force would leave for towns
under the ceasefire deal those troops
haven't left and people can go back
they fear arrests and executions and now
some of them are under siege the rebel
controlled part of the divided city of
Daraa
is surrounded by government troops a few
thousand people are trapped inside
among them fighters their family members
and members of the opposition rebel
commanders say the Russian military is
violating the ceasefire deal by failing
to provide safe passage to those who
don't want to reconcile with the state
they were supposed to be bussed to the
opposition-held areas in the north that
evacuation may now happen on Tuesday
government forces are already in control
of more than 70% of da-da province
either through military force or
surrender deals the opposition was in a
difficult position
the rebels didn't get any support from
their regional international allies they
were divided and they faced what they
described as a scorched earth policy the
government and its allies are close to
regaining complete control of the
province where the uprising against
President Bashar Assad's rule began over
seven years ago they have taken most of
the areas along the Jordanian border
except for the Yarmouk Valley under the
control of the ISIL affiliate armed
group jesh Khalid and they consolidated
control over the last strip of the main
highway to the Syrian capital Damascus
their target is not
darah they also want rebel areas in the
neighboring province of Quneitra they
have the upper hand and the government
is on the road to a final victory in the
south
seneca dar al jazeera beirut
