Ethiopia and Eritrea are no longer at
war the once bitter foes have started a
new chapter Ethiopia's Prime Minister
and Eritrea President signed the joint
declaration of peace and friendship in
Asmara but what are the challenges to a
lasting peace this is inside story
hello there and welcome to the program
I'm Laura Kyle it's been an
unprecedented few days in the Horn of
Africa
Ethiopia's new prime minister Abbey
Ahmed made a historic visit to Eritrea's
capital as Mara for a peace summit the
two countries fought a bitter war over a
disputed border nearly 20 years ago and
they've been sporadic clashes ever since
Franco Gupta has this report with smiles
and handshakes if he appears Prime
Minister left Eritrea and their
decades-long military standoff behind
him Adi omits visit was high on
symbolism but also led to the most
significant steps yet towards peace
between the two longtime regional rivals
the chances and the opportunities were
there for us and we were hoping to use
them but they were locked away from us
for the past 25 years 25 years is not a
short time the loss we incurred in the
past 25 years cannot be recovered but
today we feel like we have not lost
anything we feel as if what we've lost
has been regained I thought he'd say ah
ah for Turkey the good day the wall that
was built between our people against
their will for the last 20 years needs
to be demolished the war that took the
lives of thousands and wasted many years
and cost us dearly financially had
finally become war without death Abia
took the first step weeks ago by
surprise and controversial decision to
accept the terms of a peace deal they
signed in the year 2000 that ended a
two-year conflict over the shared border
and now the two leaders have decided to
take it a step further by opening that
border and re-establishing their
embassies resuming flights and
developing ports but the fast road to
peace has some sobering reminders
territories will move in both directions
and there are going to be communities
that are likely to resist being finding
themselves transferred to another
national jurisdiction were divided by
the new border so the implementation
something that's gonna have to be
handled very carefully the border
dispute has taken at all areas isolated
regime and his focus on the conflict
with Ethiopia has seen thousands of
people flee the country
mainly to escape its mandatory military
conscription Ave meanwhile wants to put
landlocked Ethiopia back on track as one
of Africa's fastest-growing economies
with access to Eritrea's Red Sea ports
but for many it's a coming together of
the bitter force that have raised hopes
for peace in the Horn of Africa
Janka Gupta al Jazeera let's take a look
back as on the important events in
relations between these two neighbors
they're a trained People's Liberation
Front captured as Mara in 1991 which was
then part of the larger Federation of
Ethiopia two years later in 1993
eretrians voted for independence and
joined the United Nations becoming
Africa's newest state at that time but
in 1998 relations soured with Ethiopia
triggered by a dispute over their shared
border that led to a costly two-year war
which killed nearly 100,000 people then
relations improved dramatically in
recent months with Ethiopia's new prime
minister agreeing to the terms of the
agreement that ended the conflict okay
let's bring in our guests now joining us
via Skype from Addis Ababa hallelujah
new they program at program director of
Amani Africa that's an independent
policy think-tank covering African
affairs in London
Martin Platt senior research fellow at
the Institute of Commonwealth studies
and the author of understanding Eritrea
inside Africa's most repressive state
and from Athens in the u.s. state of
Ohio
Abraham Zaire a executive director of
pen Eritrea in exile which promotes
freedom of expression of a warm welcome
to all of you hallelujah this is such a
momentous moment isn't it for these two
countries how significant was that
leaders embrace it was very significant
especially you know it was not just a
closure
to the two years of unnecessary and
brutal war between the two countries and
eighteen years of stalemate it was also
a powerful power the embrace had a power
to heal you know the 30 years of war in
Syria had the savior of war of war of
independence III I had with formerly
human governments so you know for a
person who looks at the faces and
emotions of the people on the streets of
Italia and the reaction of the people in
addis ababa and many other places across
across ethiopia it doesn't look like it
was a peace process between two
countries who had a very bitter war and
rivalry in the past in the past two
decades so it certainly opened a new
chapter between the two countries
abram would you make the speed of this
turnaround I mean have you seen or heard
eretrians reacting to at all
I think this move surprised everyone
that the pace has been very very fast
very the pace has been a kind of nobody
imagined this kind of pairs because
robbing in is very stalemate for the
last ten years and then we were most
people were also about to kind of give
up what the was from both leadership and
this happened at the time when it hit
powers also kind of facing a difficult
time well it appears we have been kind
of difficult for a long time so this is
surprised most of us mostly the people
inside people outside those who have
been following the development of the
two countries it just surprised
everybody I guess okay a mostly took a
lot of people by surprise we had fine
words from Abby in Eritrea saying the
bridge of love has destroyed the border
but in reality how much work how much
hard work is now needed to implement
this peace deal well there's certainly a
huge amount that needs to be done there
are many many issues and I'm sure we'll
explore some of them in the next few
minutes but one shouldn't underestimate
the huge amount of work that it took
to get where we are today this didn't
just happen there have been a long
history of attempts some by the churches
some by diplomats the United States for
example has been working behind the
scenes and it's taken a long time to get
here but the key issue was the election
of a B Prime Minister Abbey in Ethiopia
which really broke the deadlock and that
allowed President Assad enough of worki
in Eritrea to say well you know it's a
new government
we've got rid of the t PLF regime the
tigran regime which was in charge of
ethiopia for so many years and we can
now have a new new beginning but it's
it's taken a lot of time and there's
been a lot of arm-twisting so hallelujah
what do you think it was that Abby was
prepared to accept that was about this
peace deal that his predecessor so
resolutely rejected I think the major
reason why this pistol was accepted by
the the government in Asmara is I
believe it was done by it was extended
the olive branch was extended by a
person who came to power in spite of the
atypia blame for the degree on people
depression from a party that was at the
forefront of you know the the war that
happened 20 years back so the the
government in Syria had this very strong
bitter relations between I mean with
with with the unity PLF and obvious
message was received because the
government in India believed that it was
genuine and they believed that
ctrl-f was not on the front seat anymore
so I also believe that there are also be
recognition that the 20 years of you
know the war and the stalemate the
status quo was not sustainable and they
were also an element of external
intervention there were some guarantors
that have been pushing from outside to
reconcile between the two the two
countries but I think the most important
fact that here is I believe them
people who lives I mean Katrina's mother
believed that hobby was making this
initiative even though I mean there were
some initiatives was not really new I
believe they believe that I mean they
could engage with him without the
significant influence from the violence
okay
Abraham Abby is giving a lot of credit
here internationally
what about presidents SAS so it should
he'd be giving any credit for this
breakthrough as well I guess he also
deserves some credit for this just
accepting this kind of peace offer hmm I
would say because we have it very
difficult to take before this process
and it was also good exit presentations
at work and for for the whole region to
accept this peace process so I would say
this came not as an option but that's
kind of necessity to just sort of
stalemate if we look at some of the
practicalities now we've got the border
area but there's no line is that there's
no demarcated border that exists there
so Martin what happens with this border
and those towns that sits along it the
families the people I mean are they
going to be handed over to one side and
the other are we gonna see families
divided are we gonna see them reunited
what happens now
well you have to go back to the peace
deal that was signed in Algiers at the
end of the appalling border war in which
something like eighty thousand a hundred
thousand people died and perhaps a
million people were displaced and went
back to a place in 2000 the both sides
came up with a formula which was that
the border would be adjudicated by an
independent panel set up in the hague
but that they would do it xiao8 bono now
that's a Latin bit of Latin what it
means is without regard to fairness and
justice it had to be done purely
legalistically according to the existing
treaties and international law so that
is what both sides agreed to and when
the border was finally published a
couple of years later Eritrea discovered
that it had won the key
town of bad Bay it's a very small town
on the border really not much more than
the village and Ethiopia was absolutely
horrified and that was why the
Ethiopians then said no no no hang on we
now need to discuss this a bit further
and the Eritrean said talking we have
nothing more to talk about the border
must be demarcated so the border has now
been demarcated by the international
boundary commission they've said the
border goes from here to here and they
given exact coordinates and they did it
xa clear at Brno without regard to
fairness and justice it cut through
towns it cut through through towns
through perhaps through villages through
homesteads it cut churches from their
congregations but that is what both
sides asked for now in the current
situation the key issue is we'll both
sides be a little bit more flexible it
is of course up to both of them to
decide yes that is the international
border but we'll be generous will allow
this little area to go this way that
build area to go that way was there big
areas on both sides that both sides can
gain and will gain and lose the border
gave chunks of land to Eritrea chunks of
land to Ethiopia but what they can
mitigate the the impact this has on the
local populations which are severe if
they want to but that requires a spirit
of trust generosity and that is what we
haven't had in the past do we have it
now I hope so
but we will know when that when they get
down to the detail ok hallelujah what do
you think when you see a bees brought us
is what if the Opia this far is brought
the two sides together is he prepared to
continue being flexible and open I think
there's a general belief among scholars
that's the the border war was not
primarily about the border they were
economic political ideological and
structure of the state state structural
reasons for for the war and I think to
go forward even though there is high
level of optimism and excitement from
both sides and there's enthusiasm and
commitment to pursue the the paths of
peace and reconciliation there must be a
proper reflection and examination of you
know what was the war what was the
underlying problem you know that brought
the two brotherly people brotherly and
sisterly people to the conflict would be
very bitter conflict that resulted in
the days of hundreds and tens of
thousands and the displacement of
another so right now I think we're in a
phase of excitement and enthusiasm and
we may see more actions or decisions
from both sides that can consolidate
okay because that everyone's excited are
they anything we look at the people in
this town of bad may that has been
brought up on the border they lost
they've been fighting on the front lines
they've lost a lot of people a lot of
people are buried there are they going
to be reluctant to be handed over to the
Eritrean side I mean the demand for
reconciliation with athelia was
primarily coming from the Terai region
and you know the you know the for for
ethelia the war and the the stalemate
that followed was a single most issue
that defined its internal domestic and
foreign policy it was not the same for
Ethiopia
its impact was mostly visible integral
and most I mean if you go if we zoom
down it's significantly affected the
lives and livelihoods of people living
you know near the border so the the
strong demand for resolution of the
conflict was coming from you know the
activists and politicians from that
specific region it's a gray region and
so and you know active scene politicians
have been making this demands to the
former prime minister for example I'm
just gonna jump over to Abraham because
the press is a very I mean he's used
this conflict hasn't he in in the way
that he rules the country he's used it
to justify a brutal crackdown do you
think that that might change now I'm
afraid this would be kind of the
beginning of a long journey because
there are lots of outstanding issues in
Eritrea we need kind of people are these
people are taking this as a step to
further improvement in their lives we
have our standing issues of
militarization people are expecting to
have to in this military service we have
issue of regime trading industry whose
neighbors release political prisoners we
have thousands of political prisons in
the country now implement the rule of
law implement condition we'd have lots
of outstanding issue and also think that
the roads are very challenging special
for recess and for insurance as well
Martin every try is one of the most
socially and an economic isolated
country in the world you've written
about about that fact do you think this
is a chance an opportunity for the
country to come in from the cold oh I
think I think that it certainly is I
mean something has already taken place
there is already a letter from the
Secretariat of the regional Organization
egad the International internal
Intergovernmental authority on
development this is the actual letter
and it says to the eretrians now this
has happened we'd love you to rejoin our
regional organization so there is
already an attempt to bring Eritrea out
of its isolation but there are also
sanctions which you the United Nations
brought up because Eritrea was backing
our Shabaab in Somalia and was
interfering in Djibouti and as a result
there were sanctions against the the
AirTrain government not against the
people they weren't economics
sanctions there were military sanctions
against the people against the
government and it is quite possible that
the the Ethiopians who have some of the
prime supporters of the the sanctions
regime will now say well look we think
these issues have been resolved let's
lift the sanctions and if that happens
then certainly it could easily go
through the United Nations the sanctions
would be lifted but you know there are
so many issues that can trip this whole
process up and you know both sides are
going to be pretty suspicious of each
other you can't have this amount of
hostility 20 years of hostility and all
these deaths and just wiped them away in
in one moment I hope they're there there
are no stumbling blocks but one can't be
sure that they won't be hallelujah what
are the main issues that we should be
looking out for here when you know when
the war happened in 98 the power
relations between the governments in
Asmara in Addis Ababa were completely
different from the you know the power
relations that exist now Ethiopia has
significantly changed in the past two
decades economically militarily and
politically no time and the same cannot
be said for for for a theory and there
were some ideological differences for
example with opening of the borders and
movement of people there will be
movement of ideas as well just to give
one one possible point of contention
could be you know if you be has a
federal system that's based on identity
and ethnicity and therefore is one of
the national groups who live on both
sides of the border they have an
autonomous region in Ethiopia they have
their own capital they have their own
government and they have the right to
use their language for governments for
justice for education on media so these
are already existing movement in each
area the afar's movement area that
demand somehow you know same kind of
status within you know in a theory so it
could
for example you know it could exacerbate
you know this nationalist movement in
nationalist feelings and a demand for
the cognition that demand for
representation and autonomy in your TV
okay Abraham has been mentioned that
this particular conflict has spreads to
other conflicts in the Horn of Africa in
the region we've got proxy wars
happening in in South Sudan and Somalia
do you think that stability between
Eritrea and Ethiopia could spread
throughout the region I hope so because
also this countries have also been
playing key roles in say have involving
someone in Somalia
it was involving against it if it has
involved against against the and so it
country have been playing some rules
against other countries so I believe if
peace had been signed it I also have
today they sent peace between the two
countries
that was a secure security and peace in
the region in the horn so I believe if
implemented properly I this could be a
kind of critical again in the region the
Horn a Martin you mentioned earlier that
the UAE and Saudi Arabia were involved
in bringing these two sides together
just how heavily is their involvement
now oh I think it is very important you
must not forget that Eritrea really
broke out of its isolation because of
the war in Yemen the they joined the
Saudi and UAE
effort against the Houthi they broke
their ties as Mara broke its traditional
ties with Iran and it established its
relationship with Saudis and the UAE
instead there are even suggestions that
there are some Eritrean troops in Yemen
fighting against the Houthis they also
gave the the port of a sub has become a
base for the UAE and the Saudis operate
from there and there are also planes
which fly from Eritrea to bomb the
Houthi positions inside
Yemen so they've been very much involved
in this whole process they're also
stories Human Rights Watch say that some
of the people captured in the Yemeni war
are then brought to Eritrea and tortured
so that there is a really intimate
relationship between the error trends
and what happens on the other side of
the red sea so that has played a big
role and the what the first thing that
happened was that President Assad went
to Saudi Arabia while he was there the
Saudis said to him well why didn't you
just pick up the phone to to prime
minister ABI and he said no no I'm not
going to do that subsequently after some
meetings which took place in the United
States at which Don Yamamoto who is the
African lead for the Trump
administration or Wars he's just been
he's just been replaced he actually
brought some of the the air trans and
the Ethiopians together there was
discussions there and then subsequent to
all of that President Assad's to the the
goes to the UAE and is basically I think
told really you must move you must not
take take your chance you make a deal
with with Prime Minister ABI and there
was apparently a lot of money was was
put on the plate from him to do so that
is I mean I don't have that confirmed
that that is the story so you know
everybody has been playing a role the
other thing that we shouldn't forget is
that today the United Nations
secretary-general is flying to Addis
Ababa
he's going to have a talks with Prime
Minister Abbey who has flown back from
Asmara
so everybody is getting involved the
Americans the Saudis the UAE everybody's
trying to make this happen I'm sure the
the African Union is also doing what it
can and they all trying to buttress this
so this 20 year long stalemate no peace
no war
constantly undermining each other
wherever possible is ended and it would
take one huge problem
off the plate of everybody in the region
if it can succeed but as I say there are
lots of stumbling blocks as Abraham put
it it's a long journey absolutely we
will keep following
closely it's been a fascinating look at
some very big changes that we've seen
very rapidly in the region thank you all
very much for joining us hallelujah
Lulay Martin Platt and Abraham searing
and thank you too for watching you can
see the program again any time by
visiting our website this aljazeera.com
the further discussion do go to our
Facebook page
that's facebook.com for /h a inside
story and you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is @h
a inside story from me
laura Kyle and the whole team here it's
bye for now
you
you
