this was the first day Tatsuya quwata
and his father could return to see
what's left of his house and possessions
he abandoned it with his wife and young
children in the middle of the night as
storm waters inundated his neighborhood
she the Takara we were told to move to
safety to leave so that's what we did we
took nothing with us except what we had
on Newstalk Alice did he showed us how
the waters quickly rose to the upper
floor of his house his father can't
remember rains like it no they're gonna
obey them again cross because I've never
experienced anything like it
Kurashiki is not a city that is prone to
za-- stirs this part of Kurashiki city
was one of the worst affected areas here
as elsewhere the river simply couldn't
handle the incredible surge of water and
it broke its banks in three places
inundating thousands of homes and sadly
claiming lives with the break in the
weather and waters receding emergency
teams have stepped up their efforts to
look for the missing the rising death
toll has already made this one of the
most lethal storms
Japan has experienced in decades at its
height a broad swathe of western and
southern Japan were affected stretching
emergency teams to the limit
many people couldn't escape the
unprecedented rainfall in time and had
to be rescued thousands of people remain
displaced wondering when they can go
home along the banks of the river in
Kurosaki pumps work around the clock to
bring down water levels in the coming
days for the quwata family rebuilding
their lives will take a lot longer it's
hard to express my feelings in words
Tatsuya tells us and he hopes he'll
never have to again Rob mcbride
al-jazeera Okayama prefecture Japan
