five thousand trucks a month used to
rumble across this border between Jordan
and Syria then the Civil War started
starving the Jordanian economy of four
hundred million dollars a year in trade
it's had a huge effect here with
business from shipping people had jobs
now they are sat at home when the border
opens this area will flourish
one-and-a-half billion dollars worth of
goods a year pass through this border
before it closed now it's zero
governments across the region but
especially in Lebanon Syria and here in
Jordan on the border reopened again as
soon as possible Jordan is desperate for
revenue nationwide protests in early
June forced the government to abandon
tax rises an employment is over 18
percent the highest it's been in 25
years and there are more than 650,000
Syrian refugees living here we have
meager resources and the fact that the
government is almost bankrupt they
cannot invest more money in developing
the infrastructure so Jordanians have to
share their weak infrastructure with
hundreds of thousands of refugees in the
last four years six hundred and eighty
million dollars has been lost in transit
fees alone from cargo heading north and
south they have been forced to go spicy
and that has put major financial
pressures on it because of the extra
costs and not only the time the
considerable extra time that it requires
to transport these shipments and cargos
so once that is resumed and there is a
recovery of that you will see trading
going back between the two countries
reopening the border also helps the
Syrian government rebuild its economy
and that further cements the return of
Bashar al-assad's control over his
shattered country Burnett psmith al
Jazeera on the Jordan Syria border
