Evita Gonzales ekes out a living as a
patre natum unko time and again she's
given her vote to the country's ruling
party the pre in the hope it had finally
repair her communities roads and come
good on the subsidies it promised her
family with these cards but after years
of let downs she's had enough there are
people who just trick you they never
follow through like many Mexicans she's
turned her back on the party that's been
at the center of power for much of the
last hundred years this election the pre
bond losing over three-quarters of its
congressional seats and the presidency
the pain was felt worst in that clock on
wool core it's the priest stronghold
several leaders including current
president Pena Nieto hailed from here
and the party had never lost it until
now the priests reputation for
corruption and a disconnect with the
electorate has pushed it out even here
maybe we stopped as a party from
empathizing and listening to the public
and now it's up to us to fix that it's
not just the pre mexicans are sick of a
political class notorious for graft and
unable to reduce rampant crime and
poverty in last Sunday's votes it led to
a sea change as the dust settles from
these elections it's become clear that
as one political power Dupree has fallen
another has risen morena a four-year old
party founded by president elect and res
Manuel Lopez Obrador
it with its allies now has a majority in
both the Congress and the Senate those
majority should help left this locker's
obrador implement the wholesale change
his promised tackling corruption and
spending more on the most vulnerable but
there are worries that controlling
Congress could mean a lack of checks and
balances on a fledgling party built
around an individualist populist leader
at black cumin cause new mayor elect
says morena won't fall into the same
trap as the prey here we be us ourselves
on the three basic principles don't rob
don't lie don't betray like many voters
javi that doesn't know yet if she
believes it but after years of
politicians failing her she
willing to give anything new a chance
John Holman al-jazeera at lacrimal Co
