we begin with the disappearance of Jamal
hisagi
the Saudi Arabian journalist in exile
who walked into that Saudi consulate in
Istanbul last week and never came out
the case is the subject of intense
international media speculation with
Turkish officials theorizing hisagi
was killed inside the consulate and the
Saudis insisting that he came and left
and it's produced a level of news
coverage seldom afforded Arab dissidents
who just disappear
that's because Hasan she was not just a
dissident he was a former insider turned
critic of Crown Prince Mohammed bin
Salman and he had a platform at his
disposal at the Washington Post his
disappearance not only sends a chilling
message to independent Saudi voices
everywhere
it takes Mohammed bin Salman well-known
intolerance for internal criticism and
the House of Saud utter ambivalence to
the disapproval of outsiders to a new
level and it provides yet more evidence
of the folly of some in the Western
media commentariat who had bought into
the image of bin Salman as the
enlightened Prince the reformer our
starting point this week is Istanbul
khashoggi entry in saudi-arabia skies it
was a shot seen around the world
Jamaal keshavjee his last moments as a
free man namely he entered the Istanbul
consulate that day having reportedly
been assured that he was not being
targeted if it was a trap then hisagi
walked right into it
Jamal Ashoke would have been a target
for a myriad of reasons not only was he
a longtime insider with many contacts in
all spheres of life in Saudi Arabia he
was well acquainted with influential
businessmen members of the government
bureaucracy as well as the press and he
was present in a lot of backroom
conversations that I'm sure made a lot
of people nervous
he used to appear in the BBC Jazeera you
know he used to be interviewed by you
know the US newspapers British
newspapers he became like a star in
terms of knowledge about Saudi Arabia
what worrying me the most is one man
role he used to be like even adviser of
the Prince Turki al-faisal who was
actually the head of Saudi intelligence
and it was ambassador to the United
States German hockey was like his
consultant there's different dimensions
to this but they all come together in
the fact that the current Saudi
government has clamped down really hard
on any kind it's not just descent it's
any kind of independent opinion that is
not completely echoing the government
line they don't like it and they're
trying to stop it
news of Jamal Ashok Gees disappearance
was initially greeted with silence from
the Saudi Arabian government and the
media outlets it controls the story was
being driven from Turkey but not at the
political level the anonymous sources
quoted in the Turkish media the ones who
reportedly described an assassination
squad of 15 Saudis landing on to private
jets that same day were from Turkish
police and intelligence by day two it
had grown into a global story declined
Istanbul but the Turkish president was
saying very little at the time which is
usually not his style
we have to think of this as well within
the context of the media profile of
President Erdogan who is known to speak
his mind and to be very passionate when
he chooses to to push a certain
narrative and he certainly in his media
interviews and interactions has been
very guarded or the gun wants to leave
himself room to walk back or to keep
himself from the brink when it comes to
diplomatic relations with Saudi Arabia I
don't know if he's trying to hedge
himself from going toe-to-toe with MBS
over this at least as of yet so it seems
to me to be a little bit of a political
safeguard to allow this to sort of go
through secondary channels through law
enforcement that's it go straight over
on day three and the Saudis issue their
first statement saying that Jamal Hajis
disappearance was news to them cadet
apostle yet Oh an otaku movie till muta
bharata sita master o turtle mahalia
Tito kiya it wasn't until day five that
the first real signs of a
counter-narrative
emerged in the Saudi media space Nakano
min allah masha medina at a memnoch al
arabiya sturdy yet the state-owned al
arabiya news channel backed up by online
forces offered no shortage of possible
culprits none of whom happened to be
saudi arabia' sri anama naik farid AG
among the theories offered that Qatar
which owns al Jazeera and is the target
of a Saudi
blockade was behind the disappearance
profession
Adelie Panetta Jazeera that the Qataris
may have had co-conspirators from the
Muslim Brotherhood the turkey may have
been involved an America Egypt and today
I'm an Akuma Turkey ha ha and that her
Shoji's Turkish fiancee wasn't above
suspicion
either the other associating here with
them with some 70 other Saudi opposition
figures or even Qatari intellectuals and
writers they said oh she actually was
just an agent of the Turkish state
intelligence intelligence and she
actually for castrated all this show to
distort the image of Saudi Arabia
it lacks you know responsibility and
it's Lux logic you know there was a very
popular hashtag mister hi Ajay Malhotra
chief which is translated like the Jamel
Haji show and Twitter users
we're basically defending the the Saudi
line and accusing accusing Qatar
accusing Turkey and the enemies of Saudi
Arabia of fabricating the story they're
not particularly good at it they're a
little bit amateurish and they keep
doing these things spending millions and
millions of dollars on public relations
and advertising propaganda and fake
internet stuff they're not sophisticated
in media they're not sophisticated in
foreign policy and they're not
sophisticated in global action and when
you put the three areas together their
lack of sophistication is really quite
embarrassing and we're seeing it played
out once more
Saudi attempts to hijack the online
narrative on this story have proven
ineffective
however past charm offensives aimed at
the Western mainstream media have not
and one doesn't have to scroll back too
far to see the evidence of that Crown
Prince Mohammed bin Salman known as mb/s
effectively took power less than 18
months ago his promises of reform his
decision to finally allow Saudi women to
drive along with a carefully
choreographed media tour in the u.s.
went down well news outlets that are
usually skeptical of Saudi propaganda
including the BBC The Guardian The
Washington Post and The New York Times
bought in producing positive stories and
editorials you can still find those
articles online given what has happened
since and the changes that haven't
happened the editors who signed off on
those pieces probably wish they could
take them back Thomas Friedman calling
MBS the embodiment of Saudi Arabia's
Arab Spring deliberately ignoring the
obvious violations of these principles
in the arrests of journalists and the
crackdown on women activists and other
liberal policy is that NBS oversaw and
now we've seen some attempts by the
likes of Thomas Friedman to backpedal
and really being reluctant to even now
take a strong stand against the
conference it's clear that the Western
press went overboard and promoting him
as a positive force for change in the
region so the the lesson of this is
don't fall for these propaganda
campaigns when they're presented by Arab
governments or any government demand
facts demand proof and judge people on
their actions not just their nice words
and I think this is a lesson for
journalists everywhere
the disappearance of Jamal keshavjee
will resonate with journalists and all
kinds of other voices from activists to
dissidents to would-be revolutionaries
and not just in the Middle East
hush up she was not actually a threat to
the government it was a voice of reason
and the government should have welcomed
voices like I showed you here always
spoke with respect about Saudi leaders
so if Russia she was afraid
in her then what what to say about
others
it's about silencing voices and this is
not confined to Saudi Arabia
authoritarian governments the world over
and even the mccr attic country
countries as well make these choices the
silencing of voices the silencing of
journalists seems to be a top priority
for many governments around the world
well from the US to Russia
