few US presidents so early in their
first term have had the opportunity to
leave their mark on their country like
Donald Trump does the Supreme Court is
the final judge in all cases involving
laws made by Congress so those who are
appointed matter please raise your right
hand
Donald Trump's first nominee a
conservative judge Neil Gorsuch was
confirmed last year just as Gorsuch we
hit a home run there and we're gonna hit
a home run here and step by step we are
making America great again
Trump interviewed at least seven
candidates to replace retiring Justice
Anthony Kennedy his announcement is
expected to kick off a contentious
nomination process President Trump has
proven that he wants the best of the
best on the Supreme Court conservative
groups have launched an offensive to
shift the nine-member court to the
political right this video is just part
of that multi million dollar lobbying
effort but Democrats are spending to
determine to block Republican efforts
I don't like judges who want to make law
rather than interpret law so I don't
like judges too far right I really don't
like judges too far left either if
confirmed by the US Senate the incoming
judge has the potential to remake the
ideological balance of the Supreme Court
potentially overturning
precedent-setting decisions on health
care gay marriage and even the landmark
1973 ruling which legalized abortion in
the United States
that's why grassroots groups on both
sides are mobilizing to influence the
confirmation what we have is the
American people on our side if you look
at the poll numbers if you ask people
what they want out of a jurist what they
want out of the Supreme Court it is not
the kind of people who Donald Trump has
on his shortlist Democrats are pushing
to delay the confirmation vote on Donald
Trump's Supreme Court nominee until
after November congressional elections
Republicans made the same argument back
in 2016 and successfully blocked Barack
Obama's third appointment to the Supreme
Court their argument now blowing back
that Americans should have the
opportunity to weigh in on a justice
with the potential to influence the
Supreme Court for at least a generation
Kimberly halc√≥n al Jazeera Washington
