five men to a police station holding
cell that's smaller than a car no
exercise yard no beds they're stuck in
here 24/7
snatching sleep on blankets slung up as
makeshift hammocks the bottles wedged in
the bars are for urinating of at least
it's for a maximum of 48 hours that's
what Venezuelan law says anyway reality
some have actually been here for years
one and a half in this man's case he's
desperate to get to a real jail there
are moments when there are lots of
prisoners they bring them and bring them
but there aren't transfers to anywhere
else and that's really difficult because
the holding cells sometimes are very
little and you collapse Venezuela's
jails are completely overcrowded that
means that prisoners across the country
is stuck in police station lock ups
while they wait for space to be freed up
for many family visits are their only
hope of food and your investigators
claim that several detainees have died
of hunger Venezuela an NGO window to
freedom monitored almost 200 temporary
detention centers last year they found
that nearly two-thirds weren't cleaned
so rubbish and human waste piled up and
disease was rife more than 60 percent
didn't have separate cells for women and
that lock ups were at 250 percent of
their maximum capacity the crush of
people has led to many police forces
resorting to a radical and illegal
solution
keeping prisoners in police trucks and
patrol cars when they run out of cells
meanwhile the wheels of the venezuelan
justice system turned slowly to speed
them up or at least make conditions more
bearable you have to pay the jail symbol
as well and the whole penitentiary
system is a big mafia that produces a
lot of money taking you to the tribunal
to continue your judicial process
getting the transport to get you
anywhere they can charge you to eat for
the officer to take the fluid relative
brings from the door of the locker
especially for those who don't have the
cash this is their reality for what can
be years on end John Holman al Jazeera
Venezuela
