two years after his death the influence
of Burhan whiny lives our separatists
and indian-administered Kashmir are
marking the anniversary with protests
and calls to shut down the region
they're urging businesses to close their
doors in protest young people here say
Rani has influenced them to continue
their fight after the martyrdom for
money had laid a foundation or the cash
we'd struggle in a new way in a new
directions and now what we do the youths
are not making any kind of compromise
with India and we have sucky find our
precious life is farthest ours is a
special day for us indeed this is not a
black day for us this is a day of hope
this is a day of resilience this is a
day of resistance for us and Bhutan
Mustafa Vani is the face of resistance
he's the face of hope
Rohan Hwanhee was 22 years old when he
was killed in a shootout with the Indian
Army what followed was one of the worst
surges of violence in the region's
recent history months of street protests
and a military crackdown killed more
than 100 people two years on an Indian
security forces are taking no chances
the region is under lockdown and people
aren't able to use mobile internet when
his home town has been sealed off and
there's a curfew in place three
stone-throwing protesters were killed on
Saturday including a 16 year old girl
but the Army's conduct is now coming
under growing international scrutiny
a United Nations report last month
criticized its use of excessive force
against protesters and called for
restraint those calls have been echoed
by rights groups and separatist leaders
we condemn the atrocities which are
happening here we want to say to the
world community
please interfere so that the bloodshed
of innocent kashmiris is stopped and we
are set free of this oppression
separatists in indian-administered
Kashmir want an end to Indian rule India
has deployed half a million troops to
keep control of a fight that's gone on
for decades sorrow here at al-jazeera
