a scene that was hard to imagine even a
few days ago an Ethiopian Prime Minister
locked in the embrace of an Eritrean
leader on Eritrean soil the two
countries haven't had diplomatic
relations in 20 years but it was a
gesture and an opportunity that Eritrean
President Isaias afore ki welcomed with
warm smiles and a red carpet this visit
just peace between two countries to
ordinary countries for to ordinary
neighbors
Ethiopian III have very rich history
shared culture shared religion and
shared memory in trauma thousands of
people lined the streets of the capital
as Mara to greet Abi's motorcade
they stood among flags of the two
nations once at war nearly a hundred
thousand people were killed during that
conflict over a disputed border between
1998 and 2000 but over the past few
weeks they've been signs of improving
relations last month if you Pia's new
reformist Prime Minister Abbey Ameth
agreed to accept the terms for peace
deal that ended the Tulia conflict it
was his biggest and most controversial
decision yet since coming to power
earlier this year and territories will
move in both directions to Eritrea and
Ethiopia and they're going to be
communities that are likely to resist
being finding themselves transferred to
another national jurisdiction or divided
by the new border so the implementation
is something that's gonna have to be
handled very carefully the dispute has
taken a toll on both sides of the border
a notorious isolated regime and his
focus on the border conflict with
Ethiopia has forced thousands of people
to flee the country this Cape it's
mandatory military conscription IB
meanwhile wants to put landlocked
Ethiopia back on track as one of
Africa's fastest-growing economies with
access to Eritrea sports but for many
it's a symbolic coming together of the
bitter foes that have raised hopes for
peace in the Horn of Africa
priyanka Gupta al-jazeera
