for decades the Christian social Union
has dominated Bavarian politics but no
longer now their vote has slumped dozens
of seats have been lost and their
overall majority has gone for the CSU's
current leader and sitting Prime
Minister it was time to put on a brave
face I mean India give me team would we
accept the results with humility and we
will have to learn from it we must
analyze it clearly but one thing is
clear despite the prognosis discussions
and comments the CSU is not only the
strongest party but it also received a
clear mandate to govern whereas for the
Greens this was a moment for celebration
their vote more than doubled and in
eight of Bavaria's biggest cities they
came first cementing their position here
as the leading party of the center-left
displacing the Social Democrats
something the national polls had
suggested for some time the
parliamentary election results have
already changed Bavaria tonight because
it clearly shows that people want
politics that encourages instead of
spreading fear that solves current
problems instead of constantly producing
new islands it shows clearly that you
can win elections if you bet on courage
confidence and passion and don't surf on
a right-wing wave and yet one party that
did precisely that was the alternative
for Germany in the 2013 election they
didn't exist this time around their
stance on tougher migration and border
controls one them more than 10 percent
of the votes this result is a message to
Merkel Merkel must finally go
we have the natural successes to the CSU
we stand for our traditions our families
and for our Bavaria for Bavaria is a
blessed land dear friends in the
immediate aftermath of this election
attention will focus on who will form
the next government here early
indications are the CSU will try to
patch together a small majority with one
of the minor parties but some more
profound problems are not so easily
solved
Sunday's result seems to many people
here like a mini earthquake shaking the
CSU to its foundations in its heart lies
the question now is what will the
aftershocks be at a national level Donna
came aljazeera
in Munich
