the US Secretary of State was among
friends when he arrived in Tokyo met by
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe a
Mike Pompeo briefed the US ally playing
down accusations he engaged
gangster-like demands that the two-day
talks in Pyongyang and so if those
requests were gangster-like there the
the world is a gangster because there
was a unanimous decision at the UN
Security Council about what needs to be
achieved
instead he described a meeting as
productive making good progress
he said North Korea agreed to destroy
test sites and the next round of talks
is set down for later this month North
Korea reaffirmed its commitment to
complete denuclearization we have
detailed and subs and discussions about
the next steps towards a fully verified
and complete denuclearization but North
Korea painted a very different picture
describing it talks as regrettable and
relations were entering a dangerous
phase in a statement released by the
foreign ministry
it said the fastest shortcut to
denuclearization is to leave our
deep-rooted distrust in the past and
prioritize building trust via new
solutions and phase by phase actions
criticism aside North Korea did declare
we still cherish our good faith in
President Trump on the second leg of his
Asian tour Mike Pompeo reassured the
Japanese and South Korean foreign
ministers that talks was still on track
despite the at first the US allies
presented a united front declaring once
again their commitment to complete
denuclearization in the Korean Peninsula
we have reaffirmed that international
community will continue to fully
implement relevant UN Security Council
resolutions in order to materialize cvid
despite describing these talks as making
progress Mike Pompeo says progress alone
is not enough to justify lifting the UN
sanctions on North Korea they'll remain
in place and to Pyongyang abandons its
nuclear program that sentiment is shared
by the Japanese and the South Korean
foreign ministers as for a time frame
how to achieve that neither side is set
a date Sarah Clark al Jazeera Seoul
