president Emerson Managua security
detail has always been tight but since
the explosion at his campaign rally in
Bulawayo last month they are now even
more soldiers guarding him Zimbabwe's
leader says he suspects a defeated
faction from his own genre PF party
linked to the wife of his predecessor
Robert Mugabe was behind the attack he
tells party supporters and the
international community he has things
under control people accept visitors so
with that double vironment happy to come
Caprica
comes where the Army says it is not
going to try and influence election
results at the end of the month the
parliamentary and presidential elections
will be the first since Robert Mugabe
resigned last year or 23 presidential
candidates have been told if they are
worried about their safety security will
be provided security is not the only
concern there is disagreement between
the electro Commission and opposition
parties on the printing storage and
distribution of ballot papers opposition
leaders say they have not been allowed
to see the ballot papers they fear vote
rigging an election crisis which we are
now declaring because we are not a great
one the process we are part of those
people are supposed to participate in
that process this election will win and
that's going to be an election in
Zimbabwe to win it but it has to be done
within a great pile of paper nothing
less nothing more we are not here to
cause problems we are here to have a
credible election so that every citizen
is the right to articulate they are with
the opposition MDC alliance and trade
unions say they will protest next week
president Managua is planning more
alleys where security would likely be
intensified Jairo Matassa
al Jazeera bin Dora Zimbabwe
