just as essential to life on Hooper's
Island as water and air are the crabs
that's all of it I mean if we don't have
that I mean it we don't have nothing
it's all what we catch in the water the
chain of islands on the coast of
Maryland has depended on crab fishing
for nearly three centuries the local
economy rides on the backs of these
crustaceans and the Mexican workers who
travel here to pick their meat these are
foreign seasonal workers who fill the
local labor shortage this woman has made
the annual journey for 20 years and make
more money here than in Mexico I don't
have to work as much and I have benefits
and I've been able to better my life but
this partnership between the Mexican
crab Pickers and their American
employers faces a challenge the Trump
administration changed the process of
awarding a worker visa called the h-2b
this year it's now a lottery in fewer
than half of the crab factories on
Hooper's Island received visa approval I
feel pretty good but I mean there's
still I feel bad for the ones that
doesn't get it across the bay a less
fortunate pier this crab picking house
lost the Visa Lottery and no visas means
no workers so behind these doors is an
empty picking room no workers no crabs
no money on the table we're barely
getting by
we're just I'm not even taking a check
I'm gonna get the crew here to get these
owner Harry Phillips sells bait fish to
survive I can't do this another year
I mean were hurt real bad you know I
didn't come myself and so does everybody
else in a community this small the pain
spreads quickly the general store has
fewer customers who have fewer dollars
to spend it actually almost halted a lot
of business here myself in a local
restaurant yet in this rural County that
Trump easily won in 2016
few are blaming the president the I'm
still happy with the president Trump's
got a lot on his plate maybe he doesn't
know what's going on I don't know locals
say they believe Trump will end the visa
lottery when he realizes the damage it's
done they hope this isn't the end of
their livelihood
Heidi Joe Castro al Jazeera kubarz
Island Maryland
