a strong show of support from the French
president to the Emir of Qatar Emmanuel
macron referred to his guests as an
important partner in the fight against
terrorism and Qatar as a stabilizing
force in the Middle East look at that -
Qatar is a friend of France and a
reliable partner we work alongside them
in a determined fashion to fight
terrorism and promote peace in North
Africa and the Middle East
Sher Tamim bin Hamad al-thani said his
country is committed to building a
strong alliance with France the Emir
wants international support for his
country last year
Saudi Arabia UAE Bahrain and Egypt sever
ties with Qatar and imposed a sea land
and air blockade the accused Qatar of
financing extremism accusations strongly
dismissed by Doha to moon faker the
world knows that many things that are
said about Qatar are not true so I asked
everybody to take the time to look at
what guitar does for world peace and for
peace in our region the Gulf crisis has
prompted Qatar to expand its military
capabilities in December it announced
the purchase of fighter jets and armed
vehicles from France Qatar is the
world's largest exporter of liquefied
natural gas and has signed major arms
deals with the US France the UK and
Russia it is also establishing new trade
routes to minimize the impact of the
blockade which has hurt some industries
France could play a crucial role in
mediating the GCC crisis France has
strong ties with Qatar UAE and is
involved in many issues in the region it
is a country that has a special status
in the region and therefore they can
still play a key role the GCC crisis
continues despite attempts by the u.s.
to broker a deal
the blockading countries say there won't
be a deal
guitar accepts a list of 13 demands that
includes shutting down al Jazeera
closing a Turkish military base and
downgrading ties with Iran
Qatar's government has rejected the
demands calling them an infringement on
its sovereignty the US and the EU have
urged all the sites to set aside their
differences but Saudi Arabia has
reportedly warned it might take action
if etapa chases the russian-made
as 400 anti-aircraft system an
escalation that is likely to prolong the
gulf dispute which has plunged the
region into its worst political crisis
in decades
Hashima para al jazeera Paris
