the time for change has come that was
the message from Malaysia's new leader
Mahathir Mohamad after his shock victory
over the ruling coalition in May
maha tyr who turns 93 next week is the
world's oldest head of state he opposed
the political forces he was once a part
of the United Malay National
Organization or unknown which had ruled
Malaysia since its independence from
Britain in 1957 Malaysia is a diverse
nation with millions of Muslims Hindus
Buddhists and Christians living side by
side a contrasting place where the old
and new come together but many
Malaysians have been angry in recent
years over high-level government
corruption and a rising cost of living
Prime Minister Mahathir has accused his
predecessor Najib Razak of stealing
hundreds of millions of dollars and
embezzling public funds
this week talked to Al Jazeera travels
to the Malaysian capital to sit down
with the man fighting against corruption
and for a more United Malaysia Prime
Minister Mahathir Mohamad talks to Al
Jazeera
her Minister thank you very much for
talking to us era you're welcome
you stepped aside as Prime Minister in
2003 after serving for more than two
decades in the top job here in Malaysia
but you never really left politics you
were still very much a dominant figure
within the ruling United Malays national
organization or um no as it's known
locally and it's essentially been the
monopoly holder of government since
Malaysia gained independence in 2016
though you resigned from unknown you set
up your own party announcing that you
would contest the next elections which
you eventually ended up winning
surprisingly what is it that made you
decide to run again for office at the
age of 92 well when I stepped down in
2003 I had no intention of being in
politics still but after I stepped down
and the new leader takes over a lot of
people came to see me asking me to do
something because they were not
satisfied with the leadership of the
successes my successors are responding
to the appeal I tried to advise I try to
but even with the fifth Prime Minister I
had to resign from the party and
campaign to have him step down and give
it to the that was Rena jib
eventually that the Sri Najib took over
but again people were not happy because
of a lot of scandals and involving him a
lot of money was lost so again people
came to see me asking me please do
something well the big news interested
people internationally about Malaysia
has unfortunately been the issue of
corruption the case of the Malaysian
investment from the 1mdb and the
hundreds of millions of dollars that
have gone missing the chief culprits in
this were the most prominent culprits in
this is a former Prime Minister Najib
Razak now he appeared in court on
Wednesday and is now being charged what
evidence is there that
he stole money I mean why should people
believe that he's guilty and it's not
just an attempt by you or your allies to
get rid of your political opponents well
I am sure that the prosecutors the
Attorney General has got enough evidence
to decide to go to the cause I'm not
involved in investigation but I know
generally that one of the reasons why
the people didn't want Najib to go on
and he was defeated in the last election
because of the scandal involving huge
sums of money which he was involved in
and of course the lowest thing is cause
and if the AG finds the assertion
evidence of X which were criminal and
the AG takes the decision so this is
there's a complete separation here
between your role in terms of politics
and the judiciary and the way in which
the legal processes is taking place well
when I came back one of our promises was
that we will honor the separation of
power between the legislative executive
and the judiciary so I cannot interfere
with what the AG wants to do former
prime minister najib claimed that the
money that was in his accounts we're
talking about 681 million dollars was a
gift from Saudi Arabia to help in his
election campaign now either he's
telling the truth in Saudi Arabia has
effectively been interfering in
Malaysian politics by funding somebody's
campaign or he's lying and the money was
stolen but he's using Saudi Arabia to
try and cover his tracks which would
also mean that Saudi Arabia is
interfering in Malaysian politics or
domestic affairs when lush sums of money
move there will be records records in
the bank checks being issued
instructions being made when Native
Claims that it was given to him as a
gift that huge sum of money him he's not
only his statement that is to be taken
as the truth he must provide documentary
evidence like letters from the bank and
also we want to know this very generous
man let us get the money to give so much
money to but my point here is that is
there aside from the corruption there is
a more dangerous
issue which is foreign interference in
Malaysian politics if we are to say that
the money did come from a Saudi royal
who gave it to him for his election
campaign then Saudi Arabia is funding
your political parties which is
something that I'm not sure Malaysians
would be happy about a foreign country
dictating who becomes prime minister and
if he's not telling the truth then also
Saudi Arabia's interfering because they
are allowing him to use their name to
cover up the tracks of embezzlement yeah
we are disappointed in that Saudi Arabia
has not denying that the money was given
by Saudi at one time he claims one
particular person and then it claims it
is Saudi royalty and all that but he has
feel no proof of this so we can accuse
Saudi Arabia unless of course there is
proof that server as in fact tried to
interfere in Malaysian politics this
isn't the first major corruption case to
plague a government in Malaysia in fact
when you are Prime Minister the first
time around there were accusations at
the time of widespread corruption among
some officials but your critics would
say that instead of you properly
investigating it you decided to sack the
man who claimed to be fighting it who
was at the time your right-hand man
Deputy Prime Minister and worried brahim
and throw him behind bars do you still
stand by what you did back then well
they could see him with me because
police reported to me there about his
involvement in something that is
regarded as criminal in his country
beyond that it is the police which has
to work I cannot do anything to put
people into jail it was a trial lasting
nine months through the trial that's
many human rights organizations
international well it was quick it was
criticized
they're always human rights people when
they have their favorites being put
before the court they will say that a
court is is being manipulated that is
that their right they can make any
accusation but in that in law according
to the laws of this country it is the
court bhishma society but if you could
go back in time would you have maybe
investigated further or done something
different for you because you now have a
relationship which is used to be mended
that was before there was before on the
basis of police report they only told me
because he is a very prominent member of
the government beyond that it is a
police and judiciary which takes action
not me so I am not to be blamed for that
but you were a head of state I mean you
had you introduced the Internal Security
Act I didn't I didn't Linton that was
inherited from the British and that was
used by all the primary system Alisha
before me the first the second the third
and I also use amendments made to it
that made it more difficult for public
protests for example it was during my
time there was they introduced the
Rideau habeas corpus in which several
people were released on the beaches that
there was not sufficient evidence for us
to detain the person during my time
before that there was no read of habeas
corpus this can be checked with records
your predecessor Prime Minister Najib
Razak he called you Malaysia's number
one actor after your alliance with an
Arab Rahim and the repression all that
you made with him now is that
rapprochement at reimagines of a
coalition or friendship or partnership
whatever may be called is this a genuine
attempt to rectify mistakes and maybe
unify Malaysia once again or is it as
Prime Minister Najib or former Prime
Minister Najib play
an act to reinvent yourself and maybe
lead you back to power well I know was
eight of one of the major parties in the
opposition and if we are going to
overthrow ninety all the parties on in
the opposition must form a coalition
going on their own by themselves they
will never be able to defeat him so he
was decided that we form a coalition and
whatever may be may have happened in the
past that is not as important as the
attempt to overthrow energy because when
nativist and is terrible for the country
so unknown and myself and many others
who in the past accused me of all kinds
of wrongdoing we decided that the past
is the past now we have to come together
because the the overthrowing of Najib is
far more important than how a previous
quarrels what was it that was so bad
that Najib did as far as you're
concerned what were the main threats to
Malaysia number one of course he was
involved in a lot of scandals including
accusation of his stealing money from
the government not small amount billions
of ringgit and also there was this
evidence brought up by the American
Department of Justice we cannot ignore
all this thing I say well this did not
happen the whole world believes that did
happen so we must make sure that if
there is any basis for the accusation
then it must go to a court of law when
he was Prime Minister he manipulated the
the
at any general it was he was sacked he
was fired I believe the lead
investigator he fired immediately he by
him just before he was supposed to
prefer the task in a court of law
against 90 he was fired and a new man
appointed who cleared native of any
wrongdoing but nobody believes that he
was free of wrongdoing
now that he is not the prime minister
and he cannot manipulate the justice the
judiciary and other departments their
law must take its course but how how is
it that he was allowed to manipulate the
system how did the system allow for the
prime minister to interfere to the point
where he was able to fire the lead
investigator and now you have you are
Prime Minister that same system is there
so then they can say well you could do
the same thing
what checks and balances are there now
to prevent couldn't do this same thing
but I didn't do you see I was 22 years
as Prime Minister
there was no accusation of stealing
money against me and all the other
accusations were just political
accusation with no proof as to what they
see being true by indicates on Nanji
today we have enough evidence and the
rule of law must be applied ok let's go
back to your relationship with Anwar and
you promised as part of your campaign
that you would secure a pardon for him
if elected and you've done that and but
you've also promised to hand him the
reins within two years why two years and
also what guarantees are there that you
won't change your mind for example you
suddenly think maybe that you're better
at the job you have more experience and
you and you decide to continue we need
to form a coalition in order to defeat
90 and the coalition must include Ana's
party and the condition for unwanted
join the coalition is that he will be
the next prime minister after me so I am
the next could be after 10 years old
could be after to you why why did you
pick two years publicly you said
I'm 19 years well with the 93 years
young but two years more I'll be 95
years old
you don't mean many 95 year old Prime
Minister's who is elected so it's just
an arbitrary it's not because of the
vision 2020 that you had once announced
when you were Prime Minister last night
I would try to work towards vision 20
but after I stepped down he's left to
unknown whether he wants to continue
with it or not one of the criticisms
that you face when you were Prime
Minister the first amount was that you
curbed freedoms as I mentioned in terms
of you in terms of the they did what
happened with regard to Internal
Security Act or the that some of the
opponents were jailed like unwell and so
forth are you looking to use the same
strongman approach this time or is your
approach may be more of a unifying
healing phase that Malaysia needs to go
through particularly when we consider
and we'll talk about the economy in a
second that we can say the Malaysian
economy has maybe stuttered to say the
least
in the past few years compared to the
heights that you have brought it when
you were Prime Minister well I have to
go according to the manifesto or set up
by the coalition I'm not as free to do
anything I like because I am bound to
carry on what the Coalition has decided
and the Coalition has decided that we
will go back to democracy we will go
back to the rule of law so today I
cannot on my own just arrest anybody and
during my time I didn't make use of my
power to rest people at random
there must be a causeway further afield
let's go back to Saudi Arabia and the
Gulf Malaysia announced it was
withdrawing its soldiers from Saudi
Arabia these are the troops that were
participating in the saudi-led Coalition
has been bombarding Yemen for almost
three years now why did you take the
decision to bring back those orders how
ople she is to be friendly with all
countries
not to possibly participate in any war
except for peacekeeping our troops are
there ostensibly for training my Saudi
is that over Yemen we don't want to be
involved in other people's war are you
not worried though about the Saudi
reaction and the reason why I ask is
because Saudi Arabia according to
neutral observers is being led in let's
say a non-traditional way there have
been several reports that the Saudis who
control Islam's holiest sites namely
mecca and the kaabah have used Hajj the
Muslim pilgrimage and visa allocation as
leverage to blackmail Muslim majority
countries into doing what they want and
obviously here it's a it's a big finger
you're not worried that the Saudis would
use that against you or what have they
tried to has there been any reaction
from Riyadh with regards to your
decision so far there has been no
reaction in terms of reducing the number
of pilgrims going to Mecca but of course
Saudi is an independent country it has
his rights if it decides to take any
action that is the the right out can you
inform them that you are withdrawing the
troops what was the what was the
reaction from there nothing only the
press was actually asking the government
is what about your relationship with the
United Arab Emirates because central to
the corruption scandal that's in Gulf
Malaysia and the one an MDB case is a
man named Jala now according to
statements made by former prime minister
najib jar was an asset because and
here's a quote he said he had such
strong links with Marathi Crown Prince
Mohammed bin Zayed how do you see
Malaysia's relationship with the United
Arab Emirates especially if a lot of
this money and we know according to a
lot of independent reports that the
buyer has been a hub for money
laundering and so forth we want to be
friendly with all the countries in the
world we want to be involved in their
complete there may be scandals or
whatever but that's not going to affect
our relationship
country to country but if that country
is involved in funneling money that is
public resources essentially helping
somebody steal your money
we had to find evidence of that and if
you do find evidence what's wrong well
if you find evidence we'll we'll send a
note saying that this is not the proper
things to do and all that I mean we
don't go to war now what he was thinking
about war but I mean in terms of yeah
normal normal procedures in diplomatic
relations is that you send no sub
protests and things like that maybe
we'll do that coming back to the issue
of Najib in the corruption case against
him could you foresee that he would be
sentenced if the evidence indeed is
presented can you can you foresee that
somebody like him will be put behind
bars and would what kind of message
would you try and send to those who have
indeed if if proven been trying to steal
or use their positions of influence to
steal public funds because what I want
to ask sorry what I want to ask here is
is that the issue of corruption or the
accusation of corruption have plagued
Malaysia for many years and it seems
that nobody has really been punished by
it so it essentially the political while
it's a legal issue but the political
side have given a green light for
anybody to do whatever they want because
nobody's really been punished well if
there is evidence of any criminal a the
rule of law will apply that Najib is
being charged with despite his being a
former prime minister has nothing to do
with the application of the rule of law
whoever it is what of whatever rain if
he breaks a law the law will operate
against he was one of your prodigies you
you essentially helped build him you
don't share the blame here for it no
being protégée doesn't mean that is
exempted from the law not that I mean in
the sense that you you helped him reach
to those to that position well I didn't
know he was going to commit crimes as he
was accused of later on at the time when
I was supporting he mail appeared to be
a good candidate to become Prime
Minister
let's let's talk about the economy and
you are credited with transforming
Malaysia's economy making it one of
Asia's tiger economies as they were
called things have slowed down in the
past few years because of the corruption
but also other other issues what are
your plans to re-inject some sort of
energy and revive Malaysia's economy we
have a lot of plans for resuscitating
Malaysia's economy member first of all
we had to get rid of this debt that we
carry huge that amounting to more than 1
trillion malaysian ringgit we have to
reduce this debt so that the country is
not settle with having to pay interest
and principle on this desk which will
prevent us from having the money for
development of the country finally I
want to ask you you are as we mentioned
the eldest head of states in the world
you have witnessed many world events
what are the highlights of your of your
career that you you look back on and
maybe your your proudest moments and if
there is also one thing maybe you regret
most what is well when the leader Happ
applies his skills or knowledge to the
development of the country it's not
always there everybody appreciates I
know there are people who ran down all
the things that I have done and there
are people who appreciated what I have
done to me it is irrelevant I did what I
was able to do and I was satisfied that
I have given my best for my country
that's all and now I mean again in a
position to take corrective action and
if I don't I think will be very selfish
indeed if I am still able I will
contribute whatever I can't was
resuscitating this country which has a
potential typical
a developed country provided the
policies of the government's are correct
but what what is your proudest moment
what is the highlight of of your career
you have 93 years to treat him well you
know this is a multiracial country it's
not only multiracial it's
multi-religious multilingual
multicultural and even in terms of the
economy some communities are very rich
others are poor
when I became primarily said in 1981 the
fear was that I would be against the
Chinese as a community by in the end
when I sat down the Chinese were the
people who supported me best and I
retained my two-thirds majority because
of their support to me that is very
satisfactory because it means that the
accusation that I was against a Chinese
it's not true because in the end they
were the ones who supported me so for
that I think I I can be very satisfied
Prime Minister thank you very much for
talking to Al Jazeera
you're welcome
you
