millions of Iranians are bracing for the
impact of US sanctions following the
Trump administration's recent decision
to abandon the Iran nuclear deal hi I'm
from you ok and your industry we are
live right now on al-jazeera and YouTube
we'll ask our panel what lies in store
for Iran's people and its leadership
when the sanctions begin to bite send
your comments via Twitter Facebook or
the YouTube live chat living under
sanctions has long been a fact of life
in Iran with the u.s. holdin
restrictions in place since the Islamic
Republic was founded in 1979 but some
are aliens dared to dream of a better
future when many of those restrictions
were lifted as part of a deal with major
world powers on limiting Iran's nuclear
program but just three years after that
agreement was signed the sanctions are
due to snap back into place after
President Donald Trump pulled Washington
out of the accord the first package of
sanctions is due in early August here's
a look at what will be targeted over the
coming months
the key part of our strategy is a
campaign of maximum economic and
diplomatic pressure our focus is on
getting as many countries importing
Iranian crude down to zero as soon as
possible
Iran's president Hassan rouhani has
called the u.s. plan to stop Iran
exporting oil a fantasy
last week he hinted that Iran could
respond by stopping oil tankers from
other countries passing through the
Strait of Hormuz a regional gateway for
imports and exports for honeys
government nonetheless faces a tough job
to stop Iran's economy from shrinking as
the US sanctions take hold many Iranians
are already desperate for relief from
ongoing economic problems in June
traders into herons grand bazaar went on
strike to make clear their concerns the
collapse of the realloc change market is
making imports more expensive and
pushing up inflation meanwhile the
government has blocked the import of
hundreds of items in an effort to
support domestic producers so what
effects will the forthcoming sanctions
have an alkyl Iran navigate a way
through them to discuss this we are
joined in our studio by Naga Mortazavi
she is Washington correspondent for Iran
international Hamad Mousavi is a
politics professor at the University of
Tehran he joins us today from the
Iranian capital also in Tehran we have
Satara Siddiqui she is a PhD candidate
at the University of Tehran and we also
have Sadek zebra column he is a
political science professor he joins us
from Tehran it's good to have you
everybody
professor guess I'm going to give you
one word to describe the mood of the
people around you the people that you
know in Iran professor what word would
you choose
professor Stafford a Rahim I would use
the word anxiety anxiety because because
many Iranians are concerned I'm I'm not
saying they are worried what I'm saying
they are concerned you're deeply
concerned about the effect of coming
actions which which everyone expect to
to go on to start November cetera what
would be your one word to describe the
people around you this informal poll so
we get a sense of what life is like
anxious but hopeful ah okay because
because the sewage the situation is
really stressing and it's putting a lot
of pressure on the you know the general
mood of the people but still this is not
the first time that the Iranian people
have had to wait for the US or other
countries to decide whether or not
they're going to impose a new series of
sanctions on Iran all right I would say
concern but at the same time perhaps
strong or maybe even defiant I think
there's a lot of anger directed at the
Trump administration I mean Iran has
been upholding its side of the agreement
even after the United States and let has
left the agreement so I think perhaps
there is anger in the way Donald Trump
is reacting maga I want to add to
anxiety and anger uncertainty also one
nice picture on is it seem like people
are unsure of what's going to happen
because they have lived through
sanctions and it's been so difficult
they just bracing for impact basically
interesting-looking to the psyche as far
as the guests are concerned what
Iranians are going through right now
it's interesting that you mentioned when
you speak to your audience who are there
of course and because you do that so
often when we actually got a couple of
comments that from people that you spoke
to in Farsi and we've translated them
here's just one person who sent us some
comments via whatsapp booyah
a small business owner in Tehran says
the most important effect of sanctions
on the life of Iranians is the lack of
financial stability and confidence in
everyday life there's little opportunity
to travel 80 million people in this
corner of the globe are hopeless it took
nine years to get my business running
now because of supply shortages and high
prices we can't make our products and
she goes on to say we're trying our best
with minimal resources but we haven't
got back any of the money we've invested
so far so can you talk to us about
what's behind that for puia and other
people like her who are business owners
small business owners and are facing
even more challenges and obstacles sure
so this is just an example of a group of
youth who came together they used art
and design to just produce products and
we're running this business not very
with a high profit but we're running
business with like a small business with
some employees but just like she says
the uncertainty the devaluation of the
currency in just a fluctuation and the
market has created such a small space
especially for these types of businesses
that at some point people just give up
and they can't continue going on a lot
of young people are also using online
tools a cyber space for the purpose of
their business but that is still not
enough when you look at the overall
state of the economy and with the
upcoming sanctions the uncertainty that
she's talking about is just going to get
worse I'm just wondering financially how
people are managing and professor are
people even beginning to think ok I need
to change my money from cash money into
another form of currency with the
currency also being devalued
right now well basically what has been
happening during the past few months is
that because of the psychological effect
of sanctions many Iranians who have had
cash they've been thinking that well our
cash would be would be undervalued
within the next few months so why don't
we buy gold why don't we buy property
somewhere outside Iran why don't we buy
the foreign currency
and this this feeling of hammock and as
I said an anxiety about the future
actually has compounded problems even
even we know that the sanctions have
actually been started yet nevertheless
you you come to any any main cities in
Iran in tehran isfahan tree rose and
other large cities you see their anxiety
and in the form of as i said that
iranian reels have been undervalued
increasingly during the past four or
five months the some iranians of course
are blaming government rouhani
administration for not doing the not
taking proper decision others argue and
say that well it is not something that
government could do something about it
it's it's it's much beyond rouhani's
administration but what these
discussions are going on amongst iranian
as i said before in currencies keeps
going up and and people become more and
more anxious about the future saturday
you did mention hope and i'm just
wondering how you are planning for the
sanctions what preps do you need to make
this is not the first time in a long
time that Iranians have been facing
sanctions they know how to deal with
sanctions
how are you prepping for them I think
because of the experience that we have
had since the 1979 revolution with all
sort of sorts of sanctions being imposed
against Iran the country is not in a
situation of
some kind of very unexpected would you
call after massive the sanctions but the
sanctions on Iran's oil export may
affect the general economy in a very
strong way still we have assets like the
hormones trade or many other partners
that we still are doing trades with that
we are they are one source of hope for
the Iranian people also I think this
foreign exchange specially US dollar
going high against real real value
dropping against dollar affects a large
amount of investors and businessmen but
when you go down into everyday life of
the people it's the the effect of that
is not as tangible but in the long run
it may have a lot of you know very mean
it may create an aftermath which will
make it very difficult for people to
create their business but what I see
hope and is that this situation like
whatever we had sanctions or you know
whenever we had to rely on ourselves
there came a time when Iranian began to
domestically grow and learn how to not
anymore longer of rely on foreign powers
so where you see hope I want to share
this sweet from someone who sees it as
well and in perhaps another form this is
HD Flores just as Europe could save the
Iran t√≠o only if they're willing to
accept being sanctioned by the US given
the possible trade war between the US
and the EU Europe might be willing to
suffer the loss as a way to protect us
tariffs and if Europe adheres to
sanctions the deal is lost so however
there's a lot there that to unpack of
course if the US was going to pull out
of this deal was the talk of the town
here at least and of course I'm sure and
for a long time and then it happened and
I don't think you had so much surprise
as more of a resignation that people saw
this coming but people are still seeming
to pin their hopes on Europe where do
you fall on that right well I think
first of all the important point here is
that sanctions hurt ordinary Iranians
and I think the ultimate goal of the
Trump administration is perhaps to
create unrest within Iran nevertheless
as you point out I mean it's not all
doom and gloom well we'll have to wait
and see in the following months to see
what happens in fact the entire
international community aside from the
United States and Israel and Saudi
Arabia actually want to uphold the
agreement and this includes both the
Europeans as well as the Russian and the
Chinese now how willing or how able they
are to resist US sanctions is still very
difficult to tell nevertheless as we
speak the Iranians are negotiating with
our European partners to come up with a
package to hopefully keep the nuclear
deal in a sense Iran will continue with
its obligations under the nuclear deal
and the Europeans will hopefully ensure
that US sanctions will not hurt the
Iranian economy I want to play you a
clip and this is from John Bolton he was
at an event a year ago in July and he
was an event called Iran Freedom
gathering in Paris in France and this
was before John Bolton became president
Trump's national security adviser look
what he had to say about Iran a year ago
the outcome of the president's policy
review should be to determine that the
Ayatollah hoe minis 1979 revolution will
not last until its 40th birthday
that the Tehran regime is the central
problem in the Middle East there's no
fundamental difference between the
Ayatollah Khamenei and President rouhani
they're two sides of the same coin
because there are so many domestic
issues that Iran is grappling with right
now and then you add this additional
pressure from a deal that's already been
negotiated with the u.s. saying no no
this this is not good enough new
sanctions I'm just thinking where where
is the focus of Iranians right now are
they saying this is to do a president
Trump or this is because President
rouhani failed us I think both of course
it depends on who you ask in Iran there
is still this feeling that the majority
was supportive supportive of the
negotiations of resolving the nuclear
issue through diplomacy which was the
only option that people saw against war
that would the threat a war was very
serious few years ago and now it seems
like the US administration is again
putting that maximum pressure on Iran
but what's missing is that that hope for
coming to a diplomatic solution and
another set of negotiations is very
minimal it doesn't seem like this
administration has left much doors open
for any type of negotiation we're not
although they claim that this is what
they want at the same time the regime
change rhetoric that's coming out of the
administration and the pressure seems
like what's being understood in Tehran
and people don't have so much hope for
both sides to come together at the table
let it all negotiate an actual deal and
that's what works people - I don't think
Iranian people we're in favor of
negotiations because they thought it
without the negotiations there would be
a war against Iran it was more because
they were hopeful that the negotiations
of the deal would bring more economic
ease more ease on sanctions rather than
being worried about a war because again
Iran has a experience with war and we
know how to vas stating that ease but
Iran is very different and a lot more
stronger than it used to be during the
invasion of the country by Saddam
also I would like to know that the
speech that you just played it was made
at a freedom gathering organised emic a
terrorist and it's really funny like if
such a rhetoric is made among terrorists
how can you give any credit to that and
of course the US administration and
Trump's team would do anything to make
revolution kneel down or just halt the
revolutionary spirit which still exists
among people and I would like to know
that whenever there is an economic
crisis in any country no one talks about
regime change they talk about whether or
not this administration is doing what it
should whether or not the economy ponds
are effective but when it comes to Iran
it's immediately linked to regime chain
as if like any problem like there was
the water pollution the Flint crisis in
the US and people were running out of
water clean water to drink but nobody
talks about regime change there is
police brutality against African
Americans in the u.s. nobody talks about
regime change there is you know there
are a lot of public just look at Trump
and how he is viewed by most people
around the world and nobody talks about
just like you know toppling Trump or at
most they are talking about Trump's
resignation or impeach because they
think that their form of government is
democracy but Iran's not this is while
Iran is also a democracy and people have
the right to choose that's why they
elected president rouhani because they
had hope in him to you know fix kind of
economy I hear exactly what you're
saying and I think it's so interesting
because you know you mentioned in quotes
the regime change and that rhetoric that
you talked about that's exactly what
people online are also picking up on
this is a tweeter Blanche who says Trump
is looking for people the people of Iran
to take their leadership
out and and and that is in her view the
effect of these sanctions another person
sent us a video comment saying something
very similar this is Sina to see who is
an Iran research analyst at Princeton
and this is what he said Secretary of
State Mike Pompeo twelve demands on Iran
leave little room for diplomatic
compromise and amount to a call for
Iran's total surrender on its civilian
nuclear program his regional influence
and even its territorial sovereignty in
terms of allowing inspectors access to
any sites in the country Trump's
rhetoric and actions on Iran betray a
goal of seeking regime collapse and
stoking internal turmoil and Iran in
lockstep with his close allies in Saudi
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman and
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu Trump's Iran policy promises
dangerous escalation in an already
unstable region professor Z baccala I'm
wondering what you think I've seen his
comment yeah I I would like to say that
Trump administration's the piece of
speech that we had for John Bolton for
example they are making a huge mistake
because it is one thing for an Iranian
like me prefer zebra column to be
critical of the Islamic regime but when
I realized that Trump is trying to
overthrow that regime
it hurts my nationalistic feeling that
who has given this right to Trump to US
government to any government to come and
say that we want to change the regime in
Iran I think the mistake that you are
making is that they think that because
some uranium's many Iranians are
critical of the Islamic regime therefore
they would they would they would open
their arms to trump and john bolton and
and and the saudis etc etc
say goody-goody come and come and change
this regime because we don't like it I
think that is a catastrophic mistake
that that US leaders are professor
making you made everybody smile on the
panel I made I knew you were trying to
get it a little bit earlier go ahead
what you want to add yeah I mean I would
totally agree it professor wassalam I
mean the Trump administration has been
very arrogant in its approach towards
Iran and it hasn't been only towards
Iran I mean we just heard them make very
derogatory comments towards Canada just
a few weeks ago I mean this is an
administration that is leaving the Paris
climate Accord causing trouble with
Europe and of course leaving the Iran
nuclear deal now when it comes to who
should we blame I would say that
although a lot of Iranians might be
perhaps angry with the rouhani
administration for not doing enough to
perhaps keep the Iranian currency at its
older value nevertheless I think they
understand that the blame would be
entirely the Trump administration
because I mean Iran has been fully of
lodging with its side of the deal the
IAEA has reported 11 times that Iran is
up holded inside of the agreement
nevertheless the Trump administration
decided to leave now when we talk about
new negotiations how can we trust the US
administration when they didn't even
uphold their side of the agreement which
was made out of the result of several
years of diplomacy so how can we move
forward from the experience we're having
right now certainly I love that analogy
you said that in countries where they
might have domestic crisis they don't
Leslie say now we need a new regime so
you have this external crisis with new
sanctions being applied to Iran how do
you feel your politicians are dealing
with it well I wish our politicians
would you know do more things
domestically to make Iran's economy
stronger I
understand that the sanctions and the
situation that has been imposed on Iran
plays a major role in crippling Iran's
economy but still I also think that if
we rely more on domestic production and
what is often known as the economy of
resistance we can hope that even like
pursuing our goals pursuing our
revolutionary ideals still we can leave
economically a prosperous life because
nobody can just you know address our
weak points anytime they want to make
Iran apply to what they want they are
asking Mika I will end with this tweet
from Rafael who says I've traveled to
Iran Cuba and China from my experience
us-led economic sanctions rarely
accomplished anything but hurting the
citizens the powerful are always just
fine don't support sanctions or regime
change actions Naggar Hamet Satara and
professor thank you so much for being on
our show today I feel like we have this
tag team of amazing irani and voices
that we can always call to help us
unpack what is going on in Iran at any
single moment thank you so much a
conversation continues always online you
can find us at eight a stream and at
aljazeera.com forward slash the stream
see you next time
you
you
