the NHS is the world's fifth biggest
employer with around 1.5 million staff
offering more than 2,300 different
surgical procedures and treating a
million patients every 36 hours health
care should be like this it should be
free at the point of access I don't
think patients should have to worry
about when they're poorly how they're
going to fund things in the scope and
complexity of the treatment that is now
offers the NHS is almost unrecognizable
from the service first founded 70 years
ago but one thing remains the same the
driving principle behind it all in the
words of Nyhan the then Health Minister
in 1948 no society can legitimately call
itself civilised if a sick person is
denied medical aid because of lack of
means the NHS has helped UK average life
expectancy rise from 68 years in 1948 to
81 years now wonderful new drugs new
technologies just look at the huge
revolution happening in digital how we
embrace innovation because with
innovation we can improve the quality
and safety of care but that longevity
means today's NHS is facing unforeseen
challenges from obesity dementia cancer
and cardiovascular disease earlier this
year a parliamentary committee warned
that the NHS finances were in a perilous
state an extra twenty seven billion
dollars was pledged last month but the
government spending watchdog warned that
even that was not enough to improve
services hospital administrators are
contemplating difficult choices based on
clinical outcomes and affordability and
if we see procedures if we see things
that we're doing in the NHS that aren't
value for money then let's have that
conversation with a public to say
actually would be better off spending
the money doing something else I'm
looking after a group of patients in a
different way
the NHS remains free at the point of
access but thereafter there are no
guarantees social care of the elderly is
in crisis ok it's a worry especially
people my age because the older you get
the more likely you are to
you have to have call on them we have
got people that potentially don't want
to go home because they're nervous or
they leave on their own and they don't
know how they're gonna cope so it's
finding everything to put in place so
that they have that reassurance and they
know that they will still be cared for
when they go home the problems have not
gone unnoticed there are regular
demonstrations against Hospital closures
and cutbacks this protests last weekend
attracted thousands of marchers the
public affection for the NHS remains
undimmed and there is much to celebrate
about the past 70 years but the
prognosis for the service remains
uncertain
Paul Brennan al Jazeera Milton Keynes
