the couple remain in a critical
condition at Salisbury's district
hospital but police and counterterrorism
officers investigating the second
poisoning say it's unlikely they were
deliberately targeted but were caught up
in the fallout from the previous attack
the couple don't sturgis and charlie
rally both in their 40s collapsed in a
house at Amesbury 12 kilometers from
Salisbury officials are Porton Down who
had identified the nerve agent as Navi
chock say it's designed to be highly
persistent five sites are now cordoned
off as they trace the couple's movements
before they succumbed to the poison a
park pharmacy house and church are still
being searched for any trace of the
nerve agent police urging people who
also visited these areas to wash their
clothes and take precautions Britons
counter-terror chief warned on Thursday
that there still remains a low-level
risk to the general public
but through it all the people of
Salisbury remain surprisingly upbeat
I don't think it's fair in to anybody
that the Salisbury still buzzing as you
can see it's a shame that it's happened
who is it what is it does anybody really
know it's just for unfortunate source
but is just picking itself up again and
now it looks as though we're back to
square one there is speculation here
that those responsible for the March
attack may have dumped chemicals on
their way through Amesbury which would
be their quickest route to the motorway
Peter sharp al Jazeera in a source
pregnant
