on the Irish border it is currently
impossible to tell where one country
ends and another begins the changes
thrive round here and you can see why
people worry about a return to the past
the British government's bland
assurances that it'll all be okay after
brexit mean nothing to Declan
when there was a hard border you
couldn't drive these roads at all
most of these portals and were actually
created or closed off what's makes about
the spikes and that the people couldn't
get from their own history episode sure
they're their daughter's house or their
farm such was life in cross McGlinn
where before the peace process British
soldiers dared not war and only entered
by helicopter do you think of their
business community north and say it's
doing enough these teenagers from
colleges either side of the border know
nothing of those days and their mentors
their leverage the benefits of free
movement already a free communication
they have taken full advantage of that
to their credit and they are filled with
ambition and their lack bias they are
international in their perspective and
they had to want to be constrained by
always angry middle-aged largely man
half an hour away you can see Northern
Ireland from Carling foot the border
splits the bay Tom who runs the
watersports here really wants to know if
the happy atmosphere will be punctured
by customs posts and travel restrictions
absolutely no answers and we are left in
the dark and looks at things the Rays
govern themselves seem to be in the dark
about how they're going to manage things
and that and the South is worrying I
can't understand waiter don't go and
have another referendum it makes sense
but that's England
what all these people have in common is
not only a concern about their future
working arrangements but the potential
blight to their lives from a brexit that
may shut the border once again the
British government has tied itself up in
not trying to figure out how to
extricate itself from the European Union
without creating a new border with it
the European Union by contrast is much
more interested in how communities
either side of the border are going to
continue exercising the same freedoms of
movement that they already have and that
apparent contradiction is now the
subject of close examination by human
rights lawyers it's illegal morass it's
it risks being illegal swamped
generating lots of different legal
actions be very very uncertain as to how
it plays out
no one knows whether people will have a
claim whether they may have lots of
claims no claims but the real the I mean
what is obvious is that it's going to
result in deep legal uncertainty as of
now the UK side has been unable to come
up with a solution to the Irish border
issue that convinces anyone with human
rights law against them on top of
everything else they are in very deep
water lawrence lee al Jazeera on the
Irish border
