the National Health Service was nothing
short of a revolution
it provided universal health care for
Britain's post-war population and funded
it through a system of tax and national
insurance by 1945 all three main
political parties were supporting the
concept IBM is a service which will
provide the best medical advice and
treatment for everyone every man woman
and child in this country but when the
left-wing Labour Party swept to power in
the 1945 election it fell to the young
health minister an errant Bevin to take
on the task of making the NHS a reality
in the face of bitter opposition from
the medical establishment and despite
Britain's post-war financial hardships
Bevins NHS was established in 1948 in
1948 it was post-war with all the
rationing the challenges facing the NHS
were very different infectious disease
was really the biggest killer in those
days because we had tuberculosis we had
all sorts of other infectious diseases
so you won't be surprised if you see
many Wars which were built back in those
days they would have been designed in a
very different way secondly
cardiovascular disease and cancer the
prevalence of that was obviously the big
challenges facing the NHS then the NHS
changed British society to Myra Pauline
and Eileen were among the thousands of
women whose NHS careers in the 1950s and
60s gave them not just employment but
advancement and they were on the front
line that the NHS continuously improved
patient's chances of surviving and
recovering when I was doing my general
training if one had their appendix out
you'll be in for ten days now you're out
the next night or from the next day when
I walked in any you got definitely
emergencies you didn't get the A&E you
see down and the hospital now science
has come any more more
and I feel that's made a big difference
today the NHS is the fifth biggest
employer in the world it now offers more
than 2,300 different surgical treatments
and treats a million patients every 36
hours
Trish Barnes has previously had an NHS
heart bypass and is today recovering
from a hip joint surgery all I can say
really is I'm just full of praise for
them everything they do for us and the
country needs you country needs the NHS
but in an era of tight budgets the NHS
is struggling to cope with the costs of
an increasingly elderly population and
increasingly expensive treatment options
the medical need is clear but as the NHS
celebrates its 70th year its future is
less clear
Paul Brennan al-jazeera London
