the Iranian president has been on a
two-day visit to Switzerland one of the
main topics of conversation the u.s.
decision to violate the Iran nuclear
deal by pulling out though the US wants
countries to boycott Iranian oil as part
of stronger international sanctions the
president Hassan rouhani has appeared to
threaten oil exports from other Middle
Eastern countries if the US pushes ahead
it is incorrect and unwise to imagine
that someday all producer countries will
be able to export their surplus oil and
Iran will not be able to export its oil
really officials have threatened to
disrupt oil shipments in the past to do
so they would target the Straits of
Hormuz that's a major shipping lane but
it's also a small stretch of water
between Iran to the north and Oman on
the Arabian Peninsula to the south at
its narrowest point there are just 55
kilometers between the two pieces of
land 20 percent of the world's oil
passes through here
I don't think Iran will ever need to
really exercise this threat we have to
remember Iran is not the only country
that is upset with us pressure on OPEC
or the idea of the oil exports not
coming from Iran remember the OPEC
countries the whole reason a lot of
these countries are in crises in the
first place is because of the US shale
oil industry which brought prices down
in the first place the US has previously
warned countries they must stop all
imports from November or face sanctions
from America no exceptions
our focus is on getting as many
countries importing Iranian crude down
to zero as soon as possible we are also
working with oil market participants
including producers and consumers to
ensure market stability Iran has warned
any boycott of the oil industry could
push prices higher it company provides
around two percent of global supply or 3
million barrels a day the US has already
concerned about rising prices at the
weekend US President Donald Trump called
Saudi Arabia's King Salman and said
they'd agreed that the Saudis would
boost production but there's no sign
that prices are dropping particularly as
the global economy is growing in demand
for energy is up India South Korea
Turkey all US allies are major importers
of Iranian oil they might not be able to
switch providers quickly or even want to
the Trump administration would then have
to decide if sanctions on them would
follow the other signatories to the
nuclear deal say these still support it
and are looking at ways to save it Allen
Fisher al Jazeera
