it seems almost unthinkable that the
same nerve agent could strike twice in
the same place and yet it did leaving
two people critically ill and a town
swirling in shock these two patients are
in a critical condition following
exposure to the nerve agent Nava Chowk
following events in March we have a
well-established
response to this type of incident and
clear processes to follow our priorities
at this time to care for the patients
the couple in question
dawn sturgis and charlie rally both in
their 40s both British nationals
collapsed at a house on Saturday
initially suspected of having had an
overdose of contaminated illegal drugs
but those tests proved inconclusive
well they fought first there was drugs
but now they know it's not the drugs
it's definitely the places they had
visited have since been cordoned off as
a precaution and police urged people who
have visited those areas to wash their
clothes and it's not just sites and
Amesbury that have been cordoned off but
also by geographical coincidence in
Salisbury as well here at the Queen
Elizabeth Gardens not too far away from
where the scribbles were found when they
were poisoned earlier this year
Salisbury came under intense scrutiny
when the screw piles fell victim to
poisoning by the nerve agent Navi chalk
the British government pointed the
finger to Russia and a diplomatic rift
ensued
samples from the victims were taken to
the nearby defense research facility at
Porton Down where scientists were able
to pinpoint exactly what caused the
couple to fall so ill the UK's National
Health body has said that there is no
risk to the public but counterterrorism
police have now taken over the
investigation as once again this quiet
corner of England is plunged into the
center of one of the most serious cases
of poisoning in recent times so nigahiga
al Jazeera Salisbury
