a drumbeat of defiance was sounding as
thousands of protesters converged on the
Supreme Court it was a boisterous
reception for the former Chief Justice
margarita girls dog who returned her
death on the first day of her enforced
retirement almost lost in the crowd she
declared she was determined to defend
the legal order of the country not to
play politics but to bear witness to the
truth but far removed from the sounds of
the protests the ministry of justice was
turning a deaf ear to her claims they
can enter the building they can be their
vacant they can be there as guests but
they cannot work as judges because they
are retired that uncompromising line was
repeated by poland's prime minister when
he addressed members of the European
Parliament in Strasbourg he cars
describe each EU state has the right to
shape the legal system according to
their own traditions but with the
European Commission bringing legal
proceedings which could land Poland in
the dock of the European Court of
Justice the ECJ many experts are
predicting a compromise so I am
expecting the Polish government to show
the respect to the European Union as
well and to at least freeze the law not
to appoint new judges to allow the ICJ
to decide on this issue at the moment
the highest court in the land appears to
be in a state of legal limbo with
neither side showing any signs of
backing down once again
protesters are gathering outside the
Supreme Court determined to defend the
country's constitution and limit the
growing powers of the government David
Hayter al Jazeera Warsaw
