these people moved to the border areas
to escape the fighting ended our
province but they also fear the Syrian
government who considers them terrorists
for being involved in opposition
activities among them army defectors
media activists and employees of rebel
run administrations at least for now
returning to their towns and villages
that have fallen under state rule is not
an option people are afraid there will
be reprisals retaliation even executions
this is why they are asking that any
deal is guaranteed by a regional power
like a Jordan or another Arab country or
international guarantees from the UN the
opposition has little cards to play
they have lost ground and abandoned by
their allies but they hope to improve
their bargaining position by continuing
to resist government attempts to
recapture the remaining rebel areas in
Daraa rebel factions have returned to
the table with the Russian military
which has been negotiating on behalf of
the Syrian government Jordan has been
mediating its foreign minister a manasa
Fadi went to Moscow for talks with his
Russian counterpart Sergey Lavrov about
how to implement a settlement in South
Syria after rebels surrendered their
areas at least publicly there was no
indication a deal was agreed look at the
situation in the south of Syria with
strong concern to believe that the
fundamental goal is to resolve this
crisis through a political process we
would like to begin with a ceasefire and
then proceed to solving a question that
would help to avoid a humanitarian
catastrophe in this area it's clear that
it is absolutely unrealistic to expect
Iran to withdraw from Syria and that it
won't be possible to solve the problems
of the region without the participation
of key countries including Iran Saudi
Arabia Jordan Egypt and many others
there is no trust between the opposition
and the government we have seen this
happen in the past the regime enters an
area either through talks or force and
they take revenge against the opposition
particularly the civilians
this happened in eastern Utah there were
arbitrary arrests many men arrested
we heard of mass executions rebels say
they are ready to lay down their heavy
weapons but President Bashar al Assad's
forces and their allies should not be
allowed to enter rebel-held towns the
opposition is also demanding government
forces withdraw from recently captured
towns it also wants state institutions
in rebel-held areas to be managed by the
local population which will create their
own military force to secure the area
these conditions are unlikely to be
accepted by the Syrian government which
wants to regain sovereignty in the
southern corner of the country there are
also demands for a Jordanian or a wider
Arab military presence in the area that
too is unlikely to be welcomed by
Damascus with so many players involved
it's proving difficult to reach a deal
to end the fighting
zenica dar al jazeera Beirut
