business is booming at H&K equipment in
the last year they've hired 55 new
employees a 20 percent increase to make
sell rent and refurbish industrial
equipment we are on pace to have our
best year ever
general manager Patrick cope gives
President Donald Trump and his tax cuts
a lot of the credit consumer confidence
at least after the election we noticed
an uptick right away a lot of people
were waiting in 2016 to spend money
until after November and it seems like
it was an opening of the floodgates
right after that H&K is located just
outside Pittsburgh Pennsylvania
otherwise known as Steel City the steel
industry has benefited from new tariffs
imposed by the president but some
manufacturers in the area are seeing
their costs go up as a result
Democrats have traditionally held sway
in Pennsylvania thanks in large part to
the power of trade unions as unions have
weakened and manufacturing moved
overseas it's not surprising that the
presidents make America great again
message has resonated with voters still
Democrats think they can make gains here
in the midterms because many people are
still struggling to make ends meet
Democrat Connor Lam is challenging the
notion that the Republicans economic
policies are good for Pennsylvania
calling tax cuts a boon for the rich on
Wall Street but he says the political
debate should stick to talking about
policy rather than personalities we're
giving voters a reason to believe that
they actually are represented not just
by some one side in a Dueling clash of
national ideologies but by people who
live here just like them he's running
for Congress against a two-time
incumbent who warns lam will help
democrats obstruct the Trump agendas
how's your economic future change for a
better or worse
everything's going up at paychecks
canvassers with the political action
group working America have been going
door-to-door trying to show voters a
link between Republican policies and
rising costs the chaos of the current
administration has sort of opened our
eyes up more to
what's going on as for Patrick Koch he
won't say who he's voting for there are
many business friendly Democrats here
there are business friendly Republicans
you know when I'm thinking about my
business I think about how are they
going to vote for for the small guys
like I said H&K proving the old adage
that all politics is local and that
Democrats may have reason to be
optimistic even in a state that helped
elect a controversial Republican
president Kristin salumi al-jazeera
Pittsburgh Pennsylvania
