Donald Trump loses patience with NATO
the u.s. president accuses allies of
failing to from the military alliance
and he's warning America can no longer
bear the brunt of the cost of protecting
others
what if NATO members fail to increase
their defense spending and as the North
Atlantic Alliance still relevant this is
inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Elizabeth puranam leak letters are said
to show Donald Trump's increasing
frustration with a North Atlantic Treaty
Organization the u.s. president's
accusing allies and the military
alliance of failing to pay for their
protection the New York Times says Trump
wrote to NATO members including the
leaders of Belgium Canada and Germany
and warned Chancellor Angela Merkel
continued German under spending on
defense undermines the security of the
alliance and provides validation for
other allies that also do not plan to
meet their military spending commitments
it will become increasingly difficult to
justify to American citizens why some
countries do not share NATO's collective
security burden while American soldiers
continue to sacrifice their lives what
Tom's displeasure seems sure to be
discussed at the NATO summit in Brussels
next week the u.s. leaders already
warned he may change US troop levels
unless the 29 members of NATO pay more
critics say he misunderstands the way
NATO finances work when NATO's budget
covers military and civilian costs that
the United States pays 22 percent of
that because contributions are
proportional to national income all NATO
allies have consistently paid their
share or Trump's criticism is related to
the expectation that NATO allies should
spend 2 percent of their GDP on defense
NATO's Secretary General Jens
Stoltenberg estimates eight of the 29
NATO members will reach that goal this
year but that's just a guideline they
aim to reach by 2024 and isn't legally
binding well let's bring in our guest
now joining us from Brattleboro Vermont
by Skype is Peter Galbraith former US
ambassador to Croatia and former UN
envoy to Afghanistan from Tallinn
Estonia as Marko Mickelson an estonian
member of parliament and head of the
estonian delegation to the NATO
Parliamentary Assembly and from
Santander Spain by Skype is febreze
portiere
former director of policy planning at
NATO a very warm welcome to all of you
mr. Galbraith let me start with you is
NATO's existence in its current form at
threat because of the on
attacks by the US president it's hard to
say because you know maybe the whole
thing will outlast the the Trump
presidency but I think there's I think
that there's a question as to whether
Trump's agenda isn't in fact to destroy
NATO he talked about how useless NATO
was in the campaign they wanted to get
rid rid of it look let's look beyond
that he certainly is an office or very
likely in office as a result of Russian
interference in the election and
diminishing or getting rid of NATO is
right at the top of mr. Putin's agenda
mr. Mickelson what do you make of that
as a member of NATO is Donald Trump out
to destroy NATO I don't believe I think
that NATO serves the same way in the
interest of United States as it says for
European allies and 70 years are the
best example how this alliance has kept
stability and security not only in
Europe but also for the United States I
haven't met any of you as politicians or
official from Pentagon State Department
or even from NSC
who could share that this viewpoint and
there we then we look what kind of job
has been done so far for Brussels summit
then here we are on the same page with
our American allies mr. Mickelson Donald
Trump is reported to have said that NATO
is as I want to get this right here it
is as bad as NAFTA so what do you make
of that
you know mr. Trump has tweeted said and
you know promised during campaign
different issues but
to be honnest of course we would like to
see what will happen next week in in pro
souls and for us looking from Estonia
from Tallinn deparment is the unity
among allies this is what we have seen
recently during g7 meeting or during
some you know messages coming from
Twitter of course there are question
marks but again if we look what what is
happening on the ground what our deeds
us during Trump administration has
increased its defense capabilities on
the eastern flank of NATO in Poland in
politic States also resources for
European the deterrence initiative are
going up but of course there are also
the questions up this first and foremost
the issue of course is the sort of a
question mark around Crimean and the
recognition of Crimean Peninsula as part
of Russian Federation which was
supposedly made by mr. Trump recently
that would of course the course a lot of
troubles when we think about the future
of security architecture about Crimea
Crimea the Black Sea and both Russian
and the NATO presence building up around
that area more but let me bring mr.
portiere in now a key question going
into the NATO meeting in Brussels next
week is of course going to be around
defense spending which Donald Trump has
consistently pushed for European for
NATO members to increase their defense
spending I mean why do you think he put
so much more pressure on countries to
spend 2 percent of their GDP on their
own country's defence not NATO's
collective defence but their own
country's defense and in a way that
previous American presidents have not
done why is this so crucial to him well
I think to answer that question and
we'll answer your first question I don't
think Donald Trump is in to break NATO
but what is looking for is to break what
is
as a bad deal for the United States
within NATO and he's taking away
transaction and view of NATO meaning you
get what you put in and he looks at what
the u.s. is spending compared to what
the European allies are spinning and he
sees a clear imbalance
obviously NATO is much more than just
about numbers it's also political
organizations and the u.s. is the
primary military power in the world but
I think what he's trying to do is to
kind of correct that imbalance and his
main target is obviously Germany he's
not totally wrong in the sense that
Germany is the one country that could
quite fundamentally change the European
defense spending level with all respect
to my colleagues from Estonia I think
Estonia is first of the class is one of
the few NATO allies to be hitting the 2%
target but he doesn't make up for the
difference about for a study I sell but
for general Europe and defense spending
that if Germany were tomorrow to be
two-person you will have roughly 40
billion US dollars more to spend on
European weapons so I think this is why
he's focusing so much of his harsh
criticism on Germany also because charm
is not a defense gig he looks at things
in a very businessman like and he sees
that Germany has a huge trade surplus
with many partners in the world United
States and at the same time Japan
Germany his understanding is now at one
point two percent of GDP so I think this
is why he's focusing on them whether the
way he does it is productive I doubt
because the more you may get a Trump
issue the less the more difficult is
going to be for Chancellor Merkel and
others to sell 2% German quarters but
this is another question mr. Galbraith
does Donald Trump do you think
fundamentally misunderstand not just
defense spending but how NATO works are
these other countries going to give in
to pressure from him to increase defense
spending and what will he do if they
don't
well again I mean I appreciate the
optimism of my European friends and you
know that may be the right approach to
take it's very very diplomatic but I
think it misses the point you have to
look at how Trump has treated America's
allies look at the g7 summit and in
Quebec Caen and the treatment he
delivered to the canadian prime minister
this is not somebody who values the
Western alliance this is somebody who
who is the great admirer of mr. Putin
again it's quite possible that it was
because of mr. Putin that he's in office
in the first place and so I don't think
the issue here is increasing defense
spending per se
it is a a club to be used against an
organization that he doesn't believe it
now I think NATO may well and probably
will survive the Trump president's
presidency but but but but I'm not sure
that the defense spending is the issue I
think the question for the Europeans now
is how did they stand up against this
kind of bully the you know I'm not
saying I'm not sure the right response
is to increase defense spending I mean
that this is becoming a one-way street
in which Trump is is dictating and what
are the Europeans going to do about a US
president who is undermining their
agenda let's take the issue of climate
change perhaps the biggest long-term
national security issue that we've world
security issue that we face is the with
the u.s. is the one country in the world
that's not a member of the Paris Accord
the Iran agreement which seemed to
provide in the eyes of most Europeans
and many Americans the best path to
preventing Iran from going for a nuclear
weapon he's pulled out of that
unilaterally and perhaps is looking to
have a war with Iran and that is NATO
want to be drawn into that mr. Mickelson
I'll put all of those appoints to you as
you prepare to attend the NATO summit in
Brussels
next week how much pressure is Estonia
and other NATO members feeling and how
is it planning to stand up to Donald
Trump there is of course good reason to
believe that this summit will be very
dynamic and obviously the temperature
between leaders of NATO allies are
considerably higher than perhaps ever
before at least in recent history but
again if we are not going to put all
these issues which were mentioned in the
same basket and we can really focus on
defense matters and how important is for
alliance to stick together in this world
and there are numerous challenges coming
from the east from south and from
cross-border issues what like
international terrorism and our issues
then I hope that there are good reason
even for mr. Trump to be on a very same
page with his colleagues from enough
America and also from Europe but also
about burden-sharing yes this is
extremely important topic and this is
not only the the matter of numbers in
Estonia there is no political debate
about two percent this is absolute
minimum what we have to spend on our
defense but at the same time we
understand as a small nation on here on
the eastern flank of NATO but we need
also support of our allies and allies
need to also to bump up their
capabilities and this is why for us 2%
for 2024 is quite nature natural sort of
line to or aim to take up mr. Poirier
if the divisions that we're seeing right
now between the u.s. president on the
one hand and NATO on the other if they
continue like they did during the g7 is
that going to play into the hands
of the Russian President Vladimir Putin
because what Putin is interested in is
division confusion and and obviously
lack of political unity within the
Western Club of democracies but to come
back to Peter's point he's right that
Trump is not just transactional
he is also ideological and his ideology
has long been that he doesn't like
multilateral organization beat WTO EU or
NATO and he's made metal now domestic
political issue in the US which was not
the case before there however this also
right that it's unlikely the US is going
to get out of it all first of which
because you need Congress to ratify that
so I don't think that's a very sick
prospect I think what the European
leaders need to do they need to do their
homework
not just for child but obviously for
their own sake and also importantly for
strategic patience because if they heat
all they do better on defense spending
they will address a major concern from
every US administration since I will say
the 80s and the Obama administration for
example was very vocal about its concern
about the lack of spending in Europe and
even pinpointed a specific alized like
the United Kingdom so I think this was
an issue that was there before it's not
being taken to a new level of attention
but it will still be there after truck
and the Europeans need to do their
homework for the outset but also for the
future of their relation with any US
administration mr. Galbraith are the
Europeans doing their homework are they
prepared you know as we mentioned
earlier Russia is building up its
military capabilities not just in the
black sea but also in the Arctic the
eastern flank does it pose an
existential threat to NATO and as NATO
prepared to face that threat no I don't
think it poses an existential threat I
don't see the you know the the success
to the Red Army rolling across the
plains of Poland and into Germany and
France I mean those days are over
and you know I'm not man I'm not even
sure that the the Europe that security
will be gained if Europe increases its
its defense spending I think the issue
for the Europeans is is whether finally
after 70 years they're going to be doing
everything that the Americans order them
to do even when it comes from such an
erratic and frankly unfit president as
Donald Trump or whether they are going
to stick up for their own agenda and
what what are the elements of their own
agenda well certainly includes the
European Union it includes maintaining
international agreements like the Paris
Accords and the Iran agreement uh you
know and and these are things that are
vital to European security so it really
is a a telling moment as to whether
Europe is going to continue to be you
know take its orders from Washington or
whether Europe is going to actually
develop into the kind of political force
that it already is economically and mr.
Mickelson what I'll be looking at now in
terms of of you know NATO's purpose and
its activities if it's not you know it's
not the Cold War anymore the Balkans war
is over
so has as though as the war in
Afghanistan but it is still involved
there I'm not that mature but cold war
is over as you said in a way perhaps yes
it is today different way what we see
how Russia is is acting dorch NATO or
Western countries definitely there are a
lot of hybrid elements meddling into the
elections or trying to destroy a unity
among allies both within Europe or
across Atlantic
so we have to stay vigilant and the main
purpose of one alliance is to defend
members of Alliance and also members of
Alliance should take seriously and build
up their commitments to this I I'm not
sure that our world today is more safer
than it was early 90s or early zeroes in
contrary actually as I said there are a
number of very serious perhaps somehow
human existential threats and
existential threat I I call it are we
really prepared to give up NATO and
security architecture which has served
our citizens so many years Estonian
verse 50 years occupied during the
period when NATO existed and for our
people the support is very high to be
members of of NATO and to see and feel
support of allies but also we are not
only the consumers of security and
defence but also we from ourselves are
very seriously investing into it mr.
Portillo what do you see as the role of
NATO in today's world and not just for
Europe but also countries across the
world that it's involved in yeah and to
respond to that I think it's your
previous question I agree with Peter
that there is no direct immediate
security threat posed by Russia but
Russia does pose a significant political
threat to the Alliance unity to also
hold elections integrity and this is
what Putin can achieve he knows he
cannot win I will say symmetric war but
he knows he can sow doubt and confusion
in our democracies and this is why I
agree with the previous speaker that
it's key to maintain some sense of
cohesion inside the Alliance and inside
the European Union and however I think
we have to be also clear that NATO in
depth
to answer your question is not fit for
purpose to deal with this type of hybrid
scenarios how do you make it fit for
purpose mr. got here
more agile it should have more
intelligence analysis it has more than
it used to be but not enough and look at
the Salisbury attack the chemical agent
attacking me in the UK there was no
metal response apart from a joint
statement and I think after four years
of hybrid war that has been waged by
Russia on different corners of the
Alliance or its partners it is kind of
mind-blowing that we are still
scrambling to put the facts together and
put some I will say more robust answer
which could involve some cyber response
which could involve a demonstration of
for example chemical units to come to
the rescue of the of the British forces
and I think we have missing still on
that front so which is giving us the
impression he wants to go after Estonia
opponent was in fact his real game is to
undermined us from the inside and here
both NATO and the European Union and not
at the game mr. Galbraith I've got to
come back to you about Afghanistan
because you were the former UN envoy to
it you know what role did NATO play
there and what good would you say it did
I let me before I answer that question I
just like to add a point here about
these this asymmetric warfare that or
approach that Russia is now taking I
think it's important to emphasize that
they've succeeded at it they interfere
in the American elections it's very
likely that the interference made the
difference between Donald Trump who lost
the popular vote by three million or
more votes and Hillary Clinton whom they
despised becoming president and what has
Trump done
he is so confusion he's undermined
Western leadership
he's even threatens the existence of
NATO it's a huge success for Russia and
frankly the Europeans have no response
to this now that's but they need one
obviously you can't expect it from an
American administration that in fact is
likely in office because of Russia
okay now turning to Afghanistan it's
important
this was the one time the first time
that article 5 was enacted the European
allies participated very significantly
in the efforts in Afghanistan yes there
their different command structures their
different rules of engagement it's far
from a perfect process but there was
significant cooperation and it would
have been something that would have been
much more expensive and difficult if the
u.s. it has undertaken alone let's look
at the Balkans at Bosnia and Kosovo in
those cases the Europeans provided
two-thirds and three-quarters of the
forces and of the money so it has been
in terms of of some critical security
issues it's been a very important
institution it has obviously a
continuing role assuming we make it
through the next few years and we will
have to we will be watching very closely
to see what happens at that NATO summit
in Brussels next week but I'm afraid we
have run out of time in this discussion
but I want to thank all of our guests
Peter Galbraith in Vermont Marko
Mickelson in Tallinn and Fabrice
portiere and Santander
and thank you too for watching you can
see the programme again any time by
visiting our website aljazeera.com and
for further discussion do go to our
Facebook page that's facebook.com /aj
Inside Story you can also join the
conversation on Twitter a hand on us at
AJ inside story from me Elizabeth
puranam and the whole team here bye for
now
you
