Jordan and Israel won't let them in and
their towns are battlegrounds these
people are trapped the Syrian
government's offensive and that our
province now into its third week has
displaced more than a quarter of a
million people according to the United
Nations some are living in makeshift
tents many others out in the open
they have little food water or medicine
or protection from the heat there is a
humanitarian crisis and the United
Nations is calling on Jordan and
neighboring countries to open their
borders to allow refugees in we
recognize that Jordan Lebanon and Turkey
have long hosted a large number of
refugees particularly from Syria since
the beginning of the Syrian conflict
it's been heartening to see many people
in these countries doing what they can
to call on their governments to keep the
border open and to gather food and water
for Syrian refugees we call on the
Jordanian government to keep its border
open and for other countries in the
region to step up and receive the
fleeing civilians Jordans leaders say
they can't cope with more refugees
instead they say aid is being delivered
to them across the border in Syria and
they say it's up to the UN to obtain
approval from government leaders in
Damascus to allow in supplies to reach
there our province Jordan's foreign
minister says the focus should be on
preventing more devastation I'll be
meeting with the Russian Foreign
Minister Lavrov there for a discussion
on how we can work towards a ceasefire
and create conditions the ground under
which people would feel safe and also
discuss the facilitation of provision of
supplies to Syrian in their country and
on their land and there are Syrian
government troops are advancing with the
help of Russian airstrikes troops have
seized towns and villages under rebel
control and through so-called
Reconciliation deals that involve a
return of President Bashar al-assad's
rule 60 percent of Daraa is now under
government control and the offensive is
continuing to pressure the remaining
rebel-held areas to surrender Russia has
been negotiating on behalf of the Syrian
government with rebel factions the
opposition says Russia is only offering
one option they're describing it as a
humiliating demand to surrender it
involves rebels handing over their
weapons and accepting state control
opposition activists have told us Russia
is not offering them the possibility to
move to the rebel controlled province of
adlib several rebel commanders fighters
and opposition leaders are refusing to
reconcile with the state and live under
Assad's rule they also refused to stay
without international security
guarantees rebels are hoping for a deal
that would make Jordan a guarantor of
the safety of the civilians negotiations
are difficult senator al Jazeera Beirut
