for any Assyrian living in Europe this
is almost as good as a national team a
series get ffs playing in Sweden's third
division and representing the town of
Sur d'Italia where nearly half the
population of some 90,000 are immigrants
most of those are Iraqi Syrian or
Turkish Christians sharing the same
ancient heritage but identifying as a
Syrian Syriac and Aramaic among others
and also sharing the same heritage as
yummy Domas the Sweden play received
racial insults and death threats after
the World Cup match in which he was
blamed for Germany's winning goal Durham
as his cousin David is a defender for a
cerska one of many professional teams in
Sweden founded by immigrants it's giving
us good things that when you see that
all the people in the world that showing
the support like in my situation I am
born here in Sweden I feel Swedish but
when it happening things like this in
this situation for Jimmie it feels for
us a lot and it's why we need to show
that this is a wrong way it's the old
ways that are important here
former serious K players salary oil
trains the doves that are a vital part
of the community's weddings these birds
are the descendants of the ones brought
by Assyrians seeking asylum fifty years
ago we brought our culture with us when
we came here like the doves it's also
why we have two football teams here in
sir d'Italia we struggle for our people
and we also have solidarity with the
Swedish team doves don't fight each
other they are a symbol of freedom
nowhere in Europe has a higher number of
a Syrian or Syriac Christians than
Sweden they've been arriving here insert
Elliott since the 1960s all with
experience of persecution and even
genocide in their homelands it's a
culture well equipped to deal with the
abuse aimed at tme Domas at the World
Cup
Paul Reis al-jazeera sir d'Italia Sweden
