Oh
the largest teachers union in the United
States is talking love and revolution
well right now I call it a trend
hopefully it will continue become a
revolution we've seen really two decades
of cuts to public education and not for
the betterment of our students
it began in West Virginia Arizona in
Colorado
teacher protests across the United
States seeking better pay conditions and
funding for children's education many US
public school teachers say they now cope
with more than ever buying supplies out
of their own pockets feeding
undernourished children in defending
kids from a growing spate of school
shootings at places like parkland
Florida it's hard for me to fathom the
tragic deaths of students of our
colleagues to gun violence in school
after school after school the National
Education Association says teachers have
lost personal income to inflation in
public income for their schools to the
private charter schools favored by the
Trump administration in many states
teachers in America are fired up they
feel like they've made progress in
recent months and they want to make more
progress in negotiations the strategy
for the teachers union is twofold
there's the short term what we've seen
in some states where they've done have
work activism whether it strikes or
walkouts or slowdowns that's a
short-term fix then there's a long term
strategy a strategy is vote politicians
need to realize that when we decide to
vote we can basically put in any
candidate that we want so if you're on
our side and have our support we can
elect you if you're not we will we're
coming after you in November two main
targets president Donald Trump and his
appointee Education Secretary Betsy
DeVos who have overseen major proposed
cuts to the u.s. education budget we had
to make choices around programs that
were duplicative or spread thinly or
shown not to be effective the teachers
first test
come in November when they vow to come
out in force to great members of
Congress in midterm elections John
Hendren al jazeera minneapolis minnesota
