it's hard to imagine now but a few
months ago this place was full of homes
farms and villages swept away by floods
the worst seen for years in Kenya areas
along the Kenyan coast are most affected
Kazuko makutano is one of more than
60,000 people in this region who have
lost their home since April he shows us
what is left of the house he shared with
his wife and eight children he would
like to return and rebuild but fears
that the nearby river may break its
banks again during more rains due at the
end of the year who make Aikido go it's
a bit dry now but even if I rebuilt and
it rains will be flooded again and the
river has no barrier so he stays in this
camp for displaced people one of a
hundred and eight shelters across the
region but there's not enough help for
everyone the other challenge is the
area's accessibility to this some of
these areas and we don't live at any
Kenyan suffered because of flood so we
have to drive and then use a boat and
then walk number of kilometers or even
use canoes at some point many villages
that are hard to reach remain submerged
communities were already struggling to
recover from a drought last year this is
a dollar village one of the most
affected areas in Tana River now the
water is actually receding at the height
of the flash we're told it was up to
here some people are beginning to come
back to their homes to try and rough it
out but it's also fear of waterborne
diseases Haddad Agora has just returned
from a camp for the displaced she's
staying with a neighbor on the edge of
her submerged village I just wonder if I
can give one of the camp is congested
and so far from here in the bushland at
least here I can fend for myself
aid workers are doing their best to help
they're not only dealing with a floods
emergency but also trying to prevent an
outbreak of waterborne diseases such as
cholera and malaria when at the same
time preparing for another potential
disaster when the rain falls again
Catherine soy al Jazeera Tana Riva on
the Kenyan coast
