Abdul Fattah el-sisi was Minister of
Defense and commander-in-chief of
Egypt's Armed Forces when he led the
military coup on July the 3rd 2013 that
overthrew Egypt's first democratically
elected government after months of
protests demanding the newly elected
president Mohamed Morsi stepped down
CC said the coup was necessary to
prevent Egypt slipping into a dark
tunnel of civil unrest Sisi dissolved
the 2012 Egyptian Constitution set up an
interim government and called for new
elections human rights groups say the
coup represented the end of democracy in
the important Middle East a lie for the
US and other countries
the subsequent crackdown on more seized
party the Muslim Brotherhood and its
supporters was widespread and brutal
security forces raided camps set up by
Morsi supporters in the capital on
August the 14th 2013 at least 800 people
were killed in Cairo and around 4,000
injured in what CeCe's opponents call
the rubba massacre
thousands of Muslim Brotherhood members
and supporters were arrested the
government offensive on opposition
groups and the media has widened in the
years since CC was first elected
president in 2014
democracy International one of the main
international observer groups monitoring
voting said Egypt's repressive political
environment had made a genuine
Democratic presidential election
impossible Sisi inherited a troubled
economy apparently needing aggressive
reforms analysts say things have
improved since but Egyptians have
suffered the withdrawal of certain price
subsidies and the devaluation of the
Egyptian pound against the US dollar
workers also began on several major
construction projects including dredging
a new channel of the suez canal and the
building of several new desert cities
including a 45 billion dollar
administrative capital east of Cairo the
battle against ISIL on the Sinai
Peninsula is a major security challenge
Sisi ordered a large-scale military
campaign in February after a mosque
attack killed more than 300 people Human
Rights Watch says up to four hundred and
twenty thousand people in four cities in
the north of the Sinai need urgent
humanitarian aid because the military
has heavily restricted access Sisi was
reelected president for another
four-year term in March he has support
from the US President Donald Trump and
European allies CC's main challenger was
arrested and his campaign manager beaten
up in the run-up to the poll all other
presidential hopefuls withdrew their
candidacies alleging intimidation and
harassment charles trafford al jazeera
