at first glance the crowded and busy
center for the rescue effort looks like
it has for more than a week the good
news that the boys were found by two
British divers on Monday night means
only half of the job here is done
okay many people are coming
we are the first many people done Monday
okay but one week and Monday you have
been here ten days ten days that second
half of the job will be very difficult
getting them all out safely but family
members are already thinking of what
they'll do once they are out when oppy
Roddy Wang sukjong heard the good news
all she wanted to do was hug her nephew
I hope all of them come out safely not
only my nephew everyone who's stuck in
the cave divers and doctors are now
going back and forth to the boys and the
football coach who found refuge on a
Ledge when the cave flooded following
torrential rain the divers are checking
on their health and taking them food and
water they're said to be in good health
with only slight injuries but they're
amazing
the group is 400 meters further into the
cave system than the so called patia
Beach section where rescuers originally
thought they might be getting them out
isn't expected to be easy reaching them
requires a technically difficult and
dangerous dive through narrow passages
and low visibility and the trapped
teenagers will have to be quickly
trained to use scuba equipment so they
can swim out a day after the boys and
their coach were found all eyes are
focused here and that's for two reasons
this is where the dive teams are
headquartered but also this is most
likely where the 13 will exit the cave
and be loaded into ambulances when they
will see daylight for the first time is
difficult to predict rescue teams are
pumping water out of the cave and
continue their search for another escape
route because of the difficult
conditions for rescuers both in and
outside the cave like the search
operation the rescue is expected to be
slow going
