the killing of four teenage boys in 2014
shocked many in Papua witnesses told
Amnesty International that security
forces opened fire on villagers who are
performing a traditional dance which is
their way of showing anger against the
military the 17 and 18 year olds died at
the scene 17 people were admitted to
hospital the case has yet to be brought
to court it's one of 69 cases detailed
and amnesties report called don't bother
just let him die instead of improving
security approach with human rights and
a more friendly approach on the ground
they still use violence approach or
means of human rights violation in
handling peaceful protests usha protests
and political activities of of papua
which creates more animals which creates
more issues and would create more
resentment or feeling of dissatisfaction
feeling of injustice among the vast
majority of Papua Papua became part of
Indonesia after an agreement between the
United States the Netherlands and the
United Nations in the 1960s upon
independence activists have disputed the
agreement ever since a small armed
movement regularly fights government
troops but amnesty found that mainly
peaceful protestors of people not
involved in the independence movement
are killed police and military leaders
deny death and say they are being
attacked by a man with a poor dream of
America
many police and civilians have become
victims in Papua what about them it's
being suggested that killings only have
been committed by police military what
about police and military being killed
president Joko Widodo has vowed to bring
change to Papua where poverty is
widespread the Indonesian government is
building roads and ports and tries to
improve welfare but government critics
say it's failing to help many in Papua
earlier this year
church leaders reported hundreds of
children in the asthma tree j'en had
died of malnutrition and hunger
new findings about killings in Papua are
reminded that the situation in the
troubled east of the country has yet to
improve now Indonesia has become a non
permanent member of the UN Security
Council there's a lot at stake to make
sure that the human rights situation
improves and pop ones can finally live
in peace step fasten al Jazeera Jakarta
