the visit to kuttappa long refugee camp
may have been short but its impact on
United Nations secretary-general Antonio
Guterres seemed a lasting one these
people that have suffered so much in
Myanmar
now as to me in the difficult
circumstances that this camp inevitably
witnessing the magnitude of this crisis
firsthand Guterres expressed how worried
he was for a refugee population
vulnerable even before this current
monsoon season threatened them with
flooding and landslides as funding for
the crisis has been very difficult to
obtain the news from World Bank Group
president Jim Yong Kim was welcome Jemma
Lida Begum was one of a number of her
Hindu refugees who met the
secretary-general during the visit her
wishes were made very clear they should
issue as a smart card that identifies us
as Mahindra but before giving us these
identity documents they should give them
to the Hindu who are in jails and
Myanmar and to the per Hindu who are
still living in Myanmar but many others
who didn't meet the delegation also
found ways to let their feelings be
known so as we wait for the UN convoy to
start rolling again I've noticed here on
the side of the road you see all these
were Hindu refugees and they're holding
these signs yes to dignity yes to
security yes to we're hinges citizenship
really showcasing a concern that they
have something that many of those who
we've spoken with today want to make
sure that they get across to the UN you
see the sign it's saying that where
Hindus should be included in any
agreements about Roja and that any
dignified repatriation must include full
citizenship rights as a Roja ethnic
group Ramiz Hamid tells us he fled the
violence in Myanmar almost a year ago he
mente there
the quiz will go back if our identity as
we Hindi is given to us otherwise we
won't go Guterres agreed much more needs
to be done we need to push and will be
pushing in the right direction and fully
in line with the principles that have
always been the principles of United
Nations in relation to need every
citizen to have a country that they can
call there's too many here it's a
sentiment that's more than welcome but
also one that seems a long way off from
becoming reality Mohammed Abdullah azita
at the kuttappa long refugee camp in
Cox's Bazaar Bangladesh
