after a long search that at times seemed
hopeless the first signs emerged that
twelve boys and their football coach
were alive
the British searches were the first to
make contact deep inside tumblr one cave
okay many people are coming many people
we are the first many people done Monday
okay but one week on Monday you have
been here ten days ten days conformation
outside came from the man who've had the
job of delivering what little news there
was about the fate of the missing this
time he was able to say what everyone
wanted to hear about the thirteen
missing people the latest report from
the seal unit which went in and managed
to reach Battier Beach they found the
beach flooded but then they went further
about 300 to 400 meters to another area
of high ground they found our young
brothers are safe it's been an agonizing
wait for the families many of whom have
been camping near the entrance to the
cave since they went missing Jaya Jaya I
can't express how I feel it's stunning
and I'm very proud I never expected this
day to come I didn't have any
information that led me to believe that
my son would come out for more than a
week expert divers struggled to get
through the cave system because of the
huge amount of water flowing swiftly
through it progress was painstakingly
slow and at times the conditions forced
the searchers to retreat getting the
boys and their coach out of the cave may
be a long and difficult process and the
big challenge may still be the water
level even though it's dropped
dramatically in the last few days more
heavy rain is on the way
pumping is continuing around the clock
to try to get as much water out of the
cave before the heavy rains return the
priority now is on getting food drinking
water and medical attention to the 13
while a plan is hatched to try to get
them out which once complete will bring
to an end a horrific ordeal and a
remarkable story of survival
Wayne hey al-jazeera chiang rai
