is this how you follow news back home
yes two months ago John fled his village
in southwest Cameroon
he says government soldiers came and
attacked and burnt houses and he had no
option but to flee with his wife and two
children leaving their third child
behind the Internet has been cut off so
he has no way of finding out how she's
doing
or if she is still alive when the more I
even lost one of my cousin's she was
killed the cut of his head pretty seemed
like an animal remove his hats it all
started in late 2016
with english-speaking lawyers and
teachers in the western part of Cameroon
protesting against the French dominated
government they said they were
marginalized and demanded more
representation the government responded
with force which led to armed unrest a
year later English speakers make up
about 20% of Cameron's 24 million
population AIDS and rights groups say at
least 400 people have been killed and
200,000 displaced by the fighting known
as the Anglophone crisis there are no
formal displacement camps for anyone to
run to so many are living with relatives
either here in Douala
or are still out in the bush with no
access to basic necessities some have
crossed into neighboring Nigeria to give
the fighting 15 security is a challenge
with 8 organizations saying they can't
reach people in need in the north and
south west where the fighting is
movement is ongoing I think that's the
most important thing people are still
moving as we speak and there is very
difficult to access it's difficult for
many reasons it's difficult obviously
for the insecurity and the ongoing
violence but we've also had people
moving into what we call the forests
which are usually their their their land
where they've been you know cultivating
and I think these other people were most
worried about because they're the most
inaccessible both Cameroon Army soldiers
and secessionist fighters are accused of
targeting civilians and committing human
rights atrocities in the rebellion
Cameroon's government leaders say they
won't give in to the demands for
independence but are open to talks
as far as the marginalization is
concerned the government is open
provided that they acclaim their event
occasion for within the framework of our
Constitution John doesn't know when the
fighting will end or what the results
will be but he knows he doesn't want to
see more of what he has already seen and
worries that the daughter he left behind
is seeing much worse
Hiba Morgan aljazeera doula
