the sound of the helicopter rotors and
the prison security alarm caught on an
inmate smartphone - prison staff were
seen running across the yard but by this
point Redwan fayeed is already on his
way to freedom
the hijacked helicopter disappearing
into a clear blue sky the French
authorities have been badly embarrassed
by the lapse in security the Justice
Minister visited the prison and admitted
that drones seen flying in the area
recently may have been connected to the
escape plan we have a commander that had
probably studied the area with drones
the judicial inquiry that is underway
will certainly say so and that led to
this spectacular escape 46 year old
fayeed earned his notoriety through a
string of brazen armed robberies and
jewel thefts in the 1990s he was
sentenced to 30 years in jail but
released after 10 and claimed to have
reformed himself writing a gritty
autobiography in 2009 and making several
TV appearances to promote it but a
botched robbery in 2010 led to a police
shootout and the death of policewoman
aur√©lie foo K and after his first prison
break in 2013 he was designated Frances
most wanted man when he was recaptured
fayeed was facing a full 25 years behind
bars
Sunday's commando-style jailbreak
involved three armed men who hijacked a
helicopter from a flight school and
forced the pilot to drop them into the
prison yard two of the men then set off
smoke bombs and used power tools to cut
their way through to a visiting room
where fayeed was talking to his brother
the whole episode took just 10 minutes
the helicopter was later found in a
northeastern suburb of Paris nearly
three thousand police officers are now
assigned to the manhunt for fayeed he is
once again Frances most wanted man Paul
Brennan al-jazeera
