tucked away throughout the entrance of
the Tomlin cave and the bustle of the
search-and-rescue effort shrines and
offerings have been appearing ties from
near and afar have been coming to make
the offerings their part they feel in
making sure the twelve boys and their
football coach are found alive yes as a
christian church leader in Chiang Rai
province son Guan Singh corn and his
community have been praying for the
missing since the very first day and
part of the effort to find them is right
out the front door of one of his
churches although Thailand is
overwhelmingly Buddhist he feels this is
a time for all faiths to work together
it is very important in this situation
there are no borders between religions
or faiths because we all have the same
goal to have one another we don't care
where they are firm or what religion
they are the main mission is to help
people who are in trouble in times of
crisis like the missing 13 many Thais
focus on their spirituality sometimes
even ignoring the science of the
situation one man has traveled up from
Bangkok because he believes he can
communicate with a dragon spirit here in
the caves
unidentified himself as a spiritual
leader he came up to volunteer in the
rescue effort but he also feels that the
power of kindness and peace can affect
change in the physical world and he
wants to use it to find the boys in
their coach after three days if you
cannot find a boy see me but after three
days or I'm not in a power to to
negotiate after actually I come up I
come up there the power of the climate
and good power and today I'm in a power
to do something
and at the same time the largest
international rescue effort in
Thailand's history is in full swing
using the physical power of the Thai
military and more than a thousand
helpers while many Thais continue to
exert spiritual power but all sides are
working for the same goal
seeing those twelve boys and their coach
in the daylight again Scot Heidler al
Jazeera Chiang Rai
