I want you here that many nails and
kissing handing over unprecedented
executive power when turkish President
Recep Tayyip air21 delivered his
reelection victory speech last week he
spoke of one nation one flag one state
he could have taken that a bit further
and talked about one media and one voice
his own because that's the way the
campaign was covered the main
state-owned TV channel trt acted as if
it were state-run for every minute of
coverage it gave air diwan's main rival
it gave the president 10 and
privately-owned broadcasters weren't
much better since coming to power in
2003 air Dewan has overseen our
restructuring of turkey's media space
media conglomerates that failed to
support air dawat have been sold off to
allies who will hundreds of journalists
have been jailed hundreds more media
outlets have been shut down accused of
terrorism a lot was riding on this
election and as the victor air Dewan is
set to take up sweeping new powers that
he says will help him put turkeys
economy back on track
his critics however say he now has blush
to further silence dissent our starting
point this week is the capital Ankara
sometimes elections coverage can be
difficult to assess when is coverage of
a campaigning politician and fair
coverage what constitutes critical or
fawning coverage data is easier to deal
with
doing the math the way opposition
members working for turkeys broadcast
regulator bruto did according to them in
the month prior to the election trt
turkeys main state-owned TV station
devoted 67 hours of airtime to president
air21 while his main rival muharram MJ
got less than seven hours we had a very
symmetrical situation which means
dominant pro-government media up to
nineteen ninety-three percent of the
entire media sector was behind aired on
his two segments under democracy
democracy vitamin trt being a state
broadcaster issued day after day aired
on propaganda
it's the nature of the beast if you're
the president of a country not only
you're campaigning you're also running
in the country you're also holding
meetings you're also talking to people
you're also having high-level diplomats
come and talk to your presidents from
other countries can I talk to you so you
are more in the news anyway muharram
India was not much in the news before he
became a candidate president air21 was
junior he's done Coniston do your
majesty so Cutler made on that Josh - I
want to hear their media nails the
kissing of talk out everybody loves you
just put the blame on the media because
in just said the media has failed okay
it's true but also
is not news it didn't start with his
candidacy it was like that for a long
time and maybe opposition leaders should
also ask themselves how did we get here
the process has been gradual the pattern
unmistakable over the years type err
Dhawan and his AK Party have made
headlines by arresting dozens of
journalists and shutting down scores of
news outlets an approach that hit its
peak after the failed coup of 2016 other
developments such as the gradual
transformation of the Turkish media
landscape through ownership changes have
been less dramatic but just as
consequential media companies deemed
hostile by air Dhawan have ended up
selling their holdings to the government
supporters the doan group is just the
latest example of that once the biggest
media conglomerate in the country Doan
has been cut down to size over the years
culminating in the sale of newspapers
who diet and pasta and TV outlets canal
day and CNN t√ºrk just three months
before the election between the arrests
the shut downs and the changes in
ownership critical voices in Turkey have
fallen if not silent then by the wayside
the purchase of the one media group too
fiercely pro-government demurrer and
family should be seen as a political
move the one media group was giving a
lot of space to diversity of opinion
somewhat large public discourse of
different voices etc when it was gone to
the other family Turkish media seizure
to my mind was completed this was a very
very dramatic move there was no more
influential independent and free media
left door median eldest miss event
I think the handover of dawn media was a
useful thing when doan media was owned
by I'd end on and by previous owners
there was military pressure behind it
and we have seen how newspapers can
trigger or support coos by selling it
off but pressure is gone and this sale
hasn't come as a result of government
pressure on the contrary I see this more
as a process of re-establishing a
balance in the media space fantasy
normal-ish mother curio media outlets
feeling the heat in Turkey would like to
blame their problems on the government
but they bear some responsibility
themselves president air Dhawan was
still Prime Minister when his government
started cracking down on Kurdish media
outlets a decade ago by 2009 the doan
group fell afoul of air dhawan and
suddenly found itself with a 2.5 billion
dollar fine
for back taxes when duong media group
was being targeted large bulks of the
Turkish media sort of enjoyed this
battle when the Kurdish newspapers were
closed down the other segments of the
Turkish media kept silent when Zaman
group which is affiliated with Gulen
movement was brought down the others
felt the same way this is what I call a
sickness of the Turkish journalists core
and it continues today how the Germans
say schadenfreude other journalists we
thought oh okay it's time for them to go
down
journalists really failed to come
together on the principle of press
freedom and I think it had effect on all
of this
dawn went down for financial reasons
Zaman went down because it's the
mouthpiece for the grandest cult I don't
think any media outlets they've been
closed down for speaking out against our
party or speaking out against aired one
they've been closed down because they're
means of terrorist propaganda whether it
be PKK whether it be the givingness cult
movement or any other terrorist
activities
the larger question about president
aired wine one that goes beyond the way
his treatment of the media is perceived
is do most turks even care for all the
criticism from abroad from NGOs the
European Union and others he did take
52% of the presidential vote whether the
debate over air Dewan and the media even
registers with Turkish voters for
millions of them even tens of millions
it doesn't seem to matter some terms for
the large majority such as freedom
rights these are too abstract
particularly middle and lower middle
classes of of Turkey are much more
focused on on economy the pocket that's
why freedom of media freedom of
expression all of these the issues are
left only for us for journalists for
intellectuals and that's why we are
suffering our door has created a strong
belief that he is a strong leader that
he is able to lead the country and I
believe this still has an effect people
his supporters believe maybe he is the
authoritative figure but who cares we
are better out with him is the Turkish
voting public really that indifferent to
freedom of the press as the election
results would seem to suggest or was tie
a pair diwan's victory just a natural
byproduct of the dominant news narrative
in Turkey all the airtime the media give
to the president at the expense of his
opponents all the favorable coverage he
gets from journalists many of whom now
work in conditions of fear that too is
difficult to assess
and if air21 keeps having his way we
will never really know
