it began in February when thousands of
teachers in West Virginia took to the
streets in every public school in the
state closed
teachers here are among the lowest paid
in the nation with their actions and
success in getting more pay inspired
others to follow suit in the following
weeks similar strike action was seen in
several more states including Arizona
and Oklahoma across the u.s. teachers
are calling for better pay more funding
for schools and a reduction in class
sizes I think teachers are by nature
caring people and they do whatever it
takes but we're tired of it and we're
getting ready to any of the states we're
strike action took place are controlled
by Republicans and have seen deep cuts
in education funding success in having
their demands met has been mixed
but many teachers say they've taken
second jobs to make ends meet
we don't pour the money into it people
always say find a better paying job that
is not the solution we're doing this
because we love it we love teaching kids
in June the Supreme Court dealt a
potential blow to the collective
bargaining power of unions ruling that
government workers can no longer be
required to pay dues that could cripple
the financial and political power of
teachers unions but many have vowed to
fight on here in Florida where teachers
are among the lowest paid state records
show 40 percent leave their profession
within the first five years that say
unions his reason why teachers concerns
should be met and why education should
be a higher priority and a Gallacher al
Jazeera Miami Florida
