as Meg's then you go things aren't going
so well for VHS Loddon Mallee fright now
the 54 year old construction foreman has
built many of Moscow's recent apartment
complexes but his advancing age means he
started losing contracts to younger
workers and the recently announced
retirement age hike means he won't get
his pension at 60 anymore
he's got to wait to be 65 how damn long
is they look among the people I know
everybody is shocked because people have
planned their lives and now they'll have
to replan it for another five years at
least I'll have to downgrade my salary
expectations to find work the boss isn't
interested in having older people if
there's a 40 year old available even if
he has fewer skills on Sunday opposition
leader Alexei Navalny called thousands
of people onto the streets in cities
across Russia labor unions are
mobilizing for protests to pension
reform is almost uniformly unpopular
more than 2 million people have signed a
petition against it and 92 percent of
Russians recently polled said they
opposed it but with an aging population
and the demographic hole left after the
birthrate collapsed following the fall
of the Soviet Union it means that the
pressure on the state pension fund is
unsustainable Russia is approaching a
situation where for every working age
adult there is one dependence be that
pensioner or child reform has been put
off for years but with a presidential
election safely out of the way and the
country distracted by the World Cup the
government feels that the time is as
good now as it's ever likely to be the
Kremlin has tried to keep its distance
from the pension reform fall out but
approval ratings are still taking a
hammering public confidence in Vladimir
Putin has sunk to the lowest it's been
since the 2014 annexation of Crimea gave
his popularity of boost those for the
government's are much worse political
scientists yekaterina Shulman thinks
there could be trouble ahead for
Russia's leadership according to the
popular scheme when our the president is
responsible for all the external policy
victories and the government is
responsible for all the internal
see losses so far it has been a success
pension reform will be a test of this
scheme such a test as it hadn't seen
indicates although the polls suggest
popular anger is rising some older
Russians aren't sure where to direct
this and they don't like what they see
on state television of uprising in
countries like Ukraine yeah be nostalgic
we can look after I wouldn't participate
in a valley because our society is not
ready for valleys the leaders who
organize them are not real leaders
people won't follow them I think for the
last 10 years people got used to a calm
life and we see the experience of former
Soviet republics we don't want to have
the same after the World Cup is over
it's entirely possible a compromise on
this deeply unpopular reform will be
announced for now the Kremlin is
watching carefully to see how far it can
push it and where the public's breaking
point is worried challenge al Jazeera
Moscow
