tariffs are being cut on nearly 1500
products ranging from cosmetics to home
appliances clothes and pharmaceuticals
it's seen as a boost for global brands
wanting greater access to China's
booming consumer market and a boost for
China's consumers who were promised by
President Xi Jinping at last October's
Party Congress to be given greater
spending power oh absolutely
this is consistent with the national
strategy that improving the quality of a
life now is a priority ahead of
deleveraging ahead of the trade war but
with the threat of a trade war with the
United States China has just released a
white paper claiming it's fulfilling its
commitments as a member of the World
Trade Organization or WTO which
regulates international trade that China
will continue to seek to improve
multilateral trade routes
keep pace with the times the reforms the
multilateral trading system with other
members of the WTO taken together with
the tariff cuts it seems to be sending a
message that despite US claims of unfair
trade practices China is playing by the
rules the tariff cuts also serve a wider
strategic objective putting pressure on
local producers of low tech goods such
as clothing and cosmetics to become a
part of China's broader ambition to be a
global leader in high-tech manufacturing
that bold strategy made in China 2025 is
seen as a major challenge to the
technological dominance of the United
States and is arguably one of the
reasons behind the u.s. threat of a
trade war to thwart China's ambitions
Rob mcbride al-jazeera Beijing
