tens of thousands gathered outside the
White House on Saturday to condemn the
Trump administration policy of
separating migrant children from their
parents at the us-mexico border they
will never be the same even if they are
reunited their ability to say to process
to trust others in future relationships
is gone Donald Trump wasn't home to hear
them the people in the park didn't care
they are outraged by the video and
photos of some 2,300 children including
babies caged like animals in detention
centers and by the fact the government
doesn't know where their parents are
being held that we don't know that we
need from the Trump administration
they've got a list of parents apparently
they've got a list of children they've
got to be reconciled we need to know
where every parent is that matches up
with every child and they've got to tell
us that in a publicly accountable manner
and I don't think they're gonna feel
compelled to do that unless there's
public pressure even though the Trump
administration buckled to public
pressure and stopped the forced
separation of children from parents at
the us-mexico border it's now going to
detain entire families perhaps
indefinitely perhaps and military
reservations across the u.s. that has
rally goers here in Washington fed up
and that's the sentiment being repeated
at rallies across the United States the
signs and the messages were the same
across the country obey international
Asylum law protect children stop the
government's racist policies honestly
the only reason our president is doing
this is because of his ego he has no
excuse these people aren't bad people
they are running away from their homes
that takes a lot it must be big to make
them do that hopefully accomplish some
sort of change in the policy that we
have
really move our legislators to actually
get something accomplished the challenge
is taking the white-hot anger on a hot
summer's day and turning it into
political action there's no guarantee
people will do more than this even
though they say they will Russell and
Jordan al Jazeera Washington
