well social medias played a significant
role in Mexico's election these
statistics website statistic aam says 85
million people are on Facebook in Mexico
and it's because it seems it is seen as
an alternative source of information
compared to the mainstream media Rahila
looking now at some examples of what's
been done to debunk I'm sick of saying
it fake news but it's very interesting
so in the lead-up to the elections this
weekend they're having a lot of cases of
social media manipulation and eskimo
says fake news but networks like
Facebook are trying to address this by
deploying content moderators and fax
checkers I set up a community standards
page addressing hate speech and violent
imagery misrepresentation propaganda and
also disinformation and together with
Google and Al Jazeera they've created
the first independent fact-checking
organization and that's called verificar
doe 2018 which means verified now so far
they've debunked hundreds of fake posts
verificar doe encourages people to send
them stories on social media using the
hashtag I want you to verify this and
their researchers will fact check and
publish the findings and then fights
like Facebook will then block it from
the newsfeed to then decrease outreach
so let's go through a couple of the
examples that we've seen so far the
National Action Party or pan candidates
Ricardo Anaya reportedly said in a TV
interview on May 14th that his income
and his wife's added up to four hundred
thousand pesos a month now this was
shared in a Facebook Millennials page
connected to Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador
also known as um law now he is the front
runner and the post alleges at the tweet
was posted by Anaya but there is no
record on his official Twitter account
and nor was there any other media
reports on the story just the image on
Facebook that was shared more than 5000
times and then there was a lot of false
polls being circulated on Twitter as
well indicating that Ricardo Anaya was a
head of undress or Bradl this was shared
by the pan party president and other
members but it was falsely attributed to
a Mexico
publication which was called El
Universal with the official logo as you
can see on the side there
well el Universal responded with a
statement online they say that the
survey was a paid advertisement pages
and Twitter accounts promoting partisan
political messages and most of them are
attacking obrador the Atlantic Council's
digital forensic research lab shows that
the consulting firm victory lab set up
by a Mexican entrepreneur called Carlos
Merlot created automated BOTS to give
posts high numbers with likes and also
retweets but what made this really
unusual was the fact that there was no
other reactions or comments to this post
and the think tank says that most users
came from India Brazil and also
Indonesia Facebook and Twitter have
since removed the victory lab pages from
their sites and there's also links to
Russia the New York Times article here
refers to digital researcher Manuel
Koster Ramos claiming that there was
Russian bought driven traffic to help
boost poll numbers for Obrador and Ramos
claimed that there were four point eight
million mentions of the candidate on
social media outside of Mexico well Al
Jazeera has not been able to
independently verify this but Obrador
did respond on twitter with the
satirical message this is where I
received my gold from Moscow opposing
political parties are now saying that
Russia's government is involved in my
campaign so I guess now my name is
andreas mono Levitch now fabrications
are likely to come in all sorts of forms
of videos and images and also memes and
that can be hard to detect well this
picture was shared on whatsapp showing a
ballot with the words AMLO which again
stands for Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador
instructing people to vote with the
abbreviation but it would have then
resulted in the vote being annulled and
the real aim here was to take advantage
of misinformed voters well we heard from
Monika Glowacki from the Oxford internet
Institute and she explained how fake
news is affecting Mexican politics but
and
also counts on Twitter and Facebook are
increasingly difficult to detect they
are no longer purely automated but are
instead cyborgs meaning they are managed
by humans who cultivate a history of
human account activity to evade
suspicion
although tech companies are addressing
the problem local civil society efforts
are on the front line of the battle
against they can use we're seeing new
seeking behavior moving away from public
platforms like Twitter and Facebook to
private one-to-one applications such as
whatsapp which is Mexico's largest
texting service and this is sinister
because misinformation is seeping into
your private life
although attention is on foreign digital
interference in politics in a context
like Mexico we cannot lose sight of
domestic level disinformation operations
and biased reporting from traditional
media with ties to economic and
government power I would love to get
your thoughts on this especially if you
are in Mexico so connect with us use the
hashtag AJ news grids
