president Marriott has hello I'm Richard
gisbert and you're at the listening post
here are some of the media stories were
covering this week
turkey president air diwan's OCH party
wins the election with more than a
little help from their friends in the
news business the challenges and dangers
that come with trying to cover political
unrest in the democratic republic of the
congo as elections approach in pakistan
certain news outlets are coming under
pressure and it looks like it's from the
military a musical lament from iran for
a social media platform the government
has taken down when turkish President
Recep Tayyip air Diwan delivered his
reelection victory speech last week he
spoke of one nation one flag one state
he could have taken that a bit further
and talked about one media and one voice
his own because that's the way the
campaign was covered the main
state-owned TV channel trt acted as if
it were state-run for every minute of
coverage it gave air to one's main rival
it gave the president 10 and
privately-owned broadcasters weren't
much better since coming to power in
2003 air Dewan has overseen her
restructuring of turkey's media space
media conglomerates that failed to
support aired Awad have been sold off to
allies who will hundreds of journalists
have been jailed hundreds more media
outlets have been shut down accused of
terrorism a lot was riding on this
election and as the victor air21 is set
to take up sweeping new powers that he
says will help him put turkeys economy
back on track his critics however say he
now has cat blush to further silence
dissent our starting point this week is
the capital Ankara
sometimes election coverage can be
difficult to assess when is coverage of
a campaigning politician and fair
coverage what constitutes critical or
fawning coverage data is easier to deal
with
doing the math the way opposition
members working for turkeys broadcast
regulator brutto did according to them
in the month prior to the election trt
turkeys main state-owned TV station
devoted 67 hours of airtime to president
air21 while his main rival muharram NJ
got less than seven hours we had a very
asymmetrical situation which means
dominant pro-government media up to
nineteen ninety-three percent of the
entire media sector was behind the two
segments under democracy democracy
vitamin trt being a state broadcaster
issued day after day at dawn propaganda
it's the nature of the beast if you're
the president of a country not only
you're campaigning you're also running
in the country you're also holding
meetings you're also talking to people
you're also having high-level diplomats
come and talk to your presidents from
other countries can I talk to you so you
are more in the news anyway Mahara ninja
was not much in the news before he
became a candidate president air Dolan
was junior he's done constant do your
majesty
so Cutler made on that Josh - I'm not
sure here there mayonnaise the kissing
of knockout everybody loves you just put
the blame on the media because in jest
said the media has failed okay it's true
but also this is
News it didn't start with his candidacy
it was like that for a long time and
maybe opposition leaders should also ask
themselves how did we get here
the process has been gradual the pattern
unmistakable over the years type err
Dhawan and his AK Party have made
headlines by arresting dozens of
journalists and shutting down scores of
news outlets an approach that hit its
peak after the failed coup of 2016 other
developments such as the gradual
transformation of the Turkish media
landscape through ownership changes have
been less dramatic but just as
consequential media companies deemed
hostile by air Dhawan have ended up
selling their holdings to the government
supporters the doan group is just the
latest example of that once the biggest
media conglomerate in the country Doan
has been cut down to size over the years
culminating in the sale of newspapers
who diet and pasta and TV outlets canal
day and CNN t√ºrk just three months
before the election between the arrests
the shutdowns and the changes in
ownership critical voices in Turkey have
fallen if not silent than by the wayside
the purchase of one media group to
fiercely pro-government demurrer and
family should be seen as a political
move the one media group was giving a
lot of space to diversity of opinion
somewhat large public discourse of
different voices etc when it was gone to
the other family Turkish media seizure
to my mind was completed this was a very
very dramatic move there was no more
influential independent and free media
left door median eldest mr. ban treaty
I think the handover of Dhahran media
was a useful thing when doan media was
owned by iDEN Don and by previous owners
there was military pressure behind it
and we have seen how newspapers can
trigger or support coos by selling it
off but pressure is gone and this sale
hasn't come as a result of government
pressure on the contrary I see this more
as a process of re-establishing a
balance in the media space from testing
normal-ish mobile Korea
media outlets feeling the heat in Turkey
would like to blame their problems on
the government but they bear some
responsibility themselves president air
Dhawan was still Prime Minister when his
government started cracking down on
Kurdish media outlets a decade ago by
2009 the Dolan group fell afoul of era
Diwan and suddenly found itself with a
2.5 billion dollar fine for back taxes
when dawn media group was being targeted
large bulks of the Turkish media sort of
enjoyed this battle when the Kurdish
newspapers were closed down the other
segments of the Turkish media kept
silent when Zaman group which is
affiliated with Gulen movement was
brought down the others felt the same
way this is what I call a sickness of
the Turkish journalists core and it
continues today
how the Germans say schadenfreude other
journalists we thought oh okay it's time
for them to go down
journalists really failed to come
together on the principle of press
freedom and I think it had effect on all
of this
dawn went down for financial reasons
Zaman went down because it's the
mouthpiece for the grandest cult I don't
think any media outlets have been closed
down for speaking out against our party
or speaking out against aired one
they've been closed down because their
means of terrorist propaganda whether it
be PKK or whether it be the greenest
cult movement or any other terrorist
activities
the larger question about president air
duan one that goes beyond the way his
treatment of the media is perceived is
do most turks even care for all the
criticism from abroad from NGOs the
European Union and others he did take
52% of the presidential vote whether the
debate over air dhawan and the media
even registers with Turkish voters for
millions of them even tens of millions
it doesn't seem to matter some terms for
the large majority such as freedom
rights these are too abstract
particularly middle and lower middle
classes of of Turkey are much more
focused on on economy the pocket that's
why freedom of media freedom of
expression all of these the issues are
left only for us for journalists for
intellectuals and that's why we are
suffering our door has created a strong
belief that he is a strong leader that
he is able to lead the country and I
believe this still has an effect people
has supporters leave maybe he is a
alterative figure but who cares we are
better out with him
is the Turkish voting public really that
indifferent to freedom of the press as
the election results would seem to
suggest or was tiny pair diwan's victory
just a natural byproduct of the dominant
news narrative in Turkey all the airtime
the media give to the president at the
expense of his opponents all the
favorable coverage he gets from
journalists many of whom now work in
conditions of fear that too is difficult
to assess and if air Dhawan keeps having
his way we will never really know we're
discussing other media stories that are
on our radar this week with one of our
producers will young will starting in
the US with the National Security Agency
the NSA became big news about five years
ago over its surveillance programs now
we've learned a little bit more about
the physical infrastructure that enables
the agency to spy on citizens and not
just Americans first of all where did
the story come from well the details
come courtesy of an investigation by the
news website the intercept it published
a report on how the NSA works closely
with one of the world's biggest telecoms
companies AT&T to tap into people's
internet communications the report
identifies eight heavily secured AT&T
buildings and major US cities which
function as hubs for an NSA surveillance
operation codenamed Fairview a fair view
gives the NSA direct access to raw data
passing through the facilities which
includes emails browsing data and other
online activity now remember it was NSA
whistleblower Edward Snowden who
revealed most of what we know about the
agency's operations back in 2013
Snowden called the intercepts report the
most important surveillance story you
will see for years and it's not just a
tnt's customers in the u.s. affected by
this is it far from it according to the
report
AT&T processing centers also allow the
NSA access to traffic from AT&T x'
partner companies who use their
infrastructure for efficiency reasons
including overseas partners such as
Deutsche Telekom India's tarter
Communications and telecom italia a
spokesperson for the NSA told the
intercept it could neither confirm nor
deny its role in alleged classified
intelligence activities moving on to
Pakistan now and a news outlet that
suddenly developed distribution problems
shortly after publishing criticism of
one of the country's most powerful
institutions the military what's the
story there
it concerns Dawn Newspaper which is
Pakistan's oldest newspaper Dawn blames
Pakistan's military for blocking
distribution confiscating copies of the
paper and even threatening their vendors
for the past month especially in
military cantonment areas where the army
has direct control over most aspects of
daily life and we also know that many
cable TV companies have dropped the dawn
news channel from their services and
what kind of explanations have been
offered as to why this is happening now
well Dawn has published an editorial on
its website saying it's a direct
consequence of an interview it published
last month the former pakistan Prime
Minister Nawaz Sharif in which he
criticized Pakistan's military for
conspiring with banned militant groups
some of which have been linked with
terrorist attacks both in Pakistan and
across the border in India the editorial
is carefully worded referring to
elements within all sections of the
state that are contravening Pakistan's
Constitution but anyone who follows news
there will know this is a reference to
the army and that all of the military
and government is especially touchy
given there's a general election just a
month away okay thanks well for the past
year and a half the Democratic Republic
of the Congo has been in a state of
political unrest the country's President
Joseph Kabila has refused to give up
power
despite term limits stipulated in the
Constitution that meant he should have
left office by the end of 2016 protests
have occurred nationwide since then
journalists trying to cover the
demonstrations have been arrested
threatened and harassed by both the
police and the intelligence service
while various media outlets have had the
plugs pulled on their signals their
transmissions cut
however journalists in the DRC faced
more than just threats and intimidation
80% of Congolese media outlets are in
the hands of or controlled by
politicians that means all kinds of
stories of corruption mismanagement and
human rights abuses go untold and the
DRC is not a small
country geographically it's the
second-biggest in Africa and it has the
fourth largest population on the
continent the listening-posts
Johanna who's now on the state of
journalism in the DRC and the media
space in which information has become a
splintered as politics
depending on the channel Congolese
viewers tune into to watch coverage of
anti-government protests they will come
away with very different versions of the
story news outlets that fall in line
with President Joseph Kabila
call the demonstrations in legitimate
opposition channels focus on what they
call the government's use of excessive
force on protesters Eleazer tomboy is a
journalist at Takoma huapi an online
outlet that calls for Kabila's
resignation phiston commander works for
state broadcaster our TNC they offer
conflicting narratives in a media
landscape that is heavily politicized
shut it every journalist took their own
position on the protests the majority of
coverage from outlets close to the
government was superb each one hid the
truth about what was really going on
there reporters Garten police jeeps with
armed soldiers they always focusing on
the protesters but do they ever show the
force the police use I was arrested by
police
it was definitely because I was covering
all of us hours throwing accusations of
the regime and they needed a science
fair tear in your position Alisa Aditya
Ghazi hey no journalists have been
arrested or imprisoned because of their
work
journalists are free to cover any
demonstration however certain
journalists took advantage and injected
incendiary words some journalists even
used these demonstrations to support the
chaos in order to overthrow President
Kabila
but at the state-run our TNC we can't
broadcast just anything we follow
editorial guidelines so that we show the
country at its best and protect its
interests we must be patriotic at the
same time as being journalists - Tony -
Alain
it's understandable that commanders work
for the state-run our T&C is heavily
politicized what is harder to understand
is how according to Congolese press
freedom organization journalists on down
share 80% of the DRC's media outlets
have ended up in the hands or under the
control of politicians to get the full
picture you have to rewind a couple of
decades to when the DRC was known as
they√≠re a one-party state ruled by
Mobutu Sasa Seco for more than 30 years
you were abused before 1990 there were
only two or three media outlets all of
which acted as the government's
megaphone but since 1990 we've had a
period of political openness and an
explosion of media hundreds of radio
stations newspapers and TV channels were
created every politician wanted their
own media outlet not to disseminate
information but rather for political
propaganda owg Congolese media is
entirely owned by politicians this is
the undeniable truth they intervene and
define the editorial line they force you
to cover some topics and not others for
example prioritizing the coverage of
political meetings or the companies
funding their activities rather than
everyday life freedom of the press is
completely restricted there is no chance
to be independent and this creates big
problems syllables the problem that's
gone up by the way we don't have the
financial means to be independent so
every journalist is controlled by a
politician they try to pretend us often
bribing us with envelopes of money you
have to follow X in order to be able to
get to Y and so on and that is why
journalists cannot deliver objective
information of course there are
exceptions but for the most part people
have to pick sides
this political financing and the
corruption and brown envelope journalism
that go hand in hand are hardly the only
problems that media workers in the DRC
face journalists who cast the government
in a bad light through stories of
mismanagement corrupt
and the current political crisis faced
the threat of harassment arrests and
even murder during these demonstrations
many journalists have been arrested
beaten up or had their material
destroyed it leads to self-censorship
because journalists are afraid it goes
to show the government's desire to
control the flow of information and
essentially to stop journalists from
doing their job of informing the people
there are consequences for the things
that you say and the things that you
don't say as a media practitioner
yourself not only are you thinking about
the larger society but you are also
thinking about your safety that safety
can come under threat because of
government officials or because of
militia militants so of course there is
always an issue a level of
self-censorship that goes someone what
you did you see fool I believe it's
completely false to say that the
government is tried in some way to
muzzle journalists here in the Congo
generalists are free to carry out their
work which is not the case in
neighboring countries we at least have
the freedom to criticize those in power
without fear the party kiss is wrong
that so-called freedom to criticize
fails to explain the government's habits
of cutting off all phone and internet
services at times of heightened
political tensions making it impossible
for journalists to disseminate
information one station that had its
transmission cut multiple times his
radio of copy set up in 2002 by the
United Nations and a Swiss NGO okapi
broadcasts in several local languages
and has become a significant source of
news for Congolese audiences
UN funded the outlet is not tied to
domestic political interest grunting its
journalists a certain level of
Independence and credibility Jennifer
Beck OD a former radio okapi journalist
remembers the early days I arrived in
the Congo in 2004 and what I saw were
journalists who were properly salaried
who were independent took the editorial
line being objective fact-based very
seriously
journalists were largely protected
because they were working in the
auspices of the United Nations they were
able to get to certain places to see
firsthand things that other media would
struggle because they are they lacking
the financial resources or if they're
not lacking that financial resources the
money was made available because someone
has an interest in those journalists
covering the news in a certain way but
as the United Nations Mission in the DRC
operates on the invitation of the
government even radio okapi reporters
are not immune to interference we saw
that they themselves too were under
strain increasingly even more so now as
the country becomes more and more
politicized and the stakes become higher
when you talk about redline issues it is
true that even radio okapi is not in the
business of doing investigative
reporting it is very hard to protect
journalists in a situation where those
in power are grossly unhappy with what
is being said allow somebody to be radio
or copy is under pressure because it
lets all sides speak we've often talked
with them and they complain more and
more about the increasing pressure from
Congolese authorities who even
threatened to close them down if they
don't respect their demands in reality
we think this outlet is upsetting
authorities because of its independence
and professionalism in your perfectly
seasoned roast
that independence is crucial hibari RDC
is a blogging conglomerate found it in
2016 mostly funded by the Dutch
governments promising an independent
alternative voice the collective
provides a platform for more than a
hundred bloggers in eight cities but
which is 6% Internet penetration the
impact of these bloggers on Congolese
both inside and outside the city remains
low hibari stye rector giemo M'Baye says
that that is just one of the many
challenges that remained before the
media can play a central role in
changing the course of the DRC's future
issues - a anubis key something has to
change in the mainstream media because
although we now have the internet and
young people use it like never before
radio remains the number one medium
radio stations could be big players
bringing about change if they were able
to choose their own stories independent
of all political influences I know it's
very hard there is so much pressure from
all sides but I think they still have a
chance to make up for it
and finally a couple of weeks back we
touched on the story of the Iranian
government's plan to ban the messaging
service Telegraph according to security
forces the social media platform used by
more than 40 million people there was
being used to fuel social and political
unrest so the authorities are
encouraging our audience to switch to
another messaging platform called
Suroosh which comes with the
government's official seal of approval
that provoked an Iranian music group das
Andaz ban to come up with a new tune a
parody whose lyrics poked fun at the
government's Pro Suroosh offensive the
band based in the Islamic Republic
released their video on telegram and
Twitter but both platforms are now
blocked in Iran it has been picked up
outside the country however we'll see
you next time here at the ranch Acuna
so I'm dropping my Budin chance so tall
enjoy channel soon sure before I mean
stall so hamro hey man Budi chance so go
enjoy
