it is a journey many longed to make to a
holy cave high in the Himalayas this is
just the start of the Armen a theatrical
grammage to worship the Hindu god Shiva
the trek from base camp will take
pilgrims more than three and a half
thousand metres above sea level in
indian-administered Kashmir the heavy
rains and sludgy conditions had
prevented people from making their
ascent at several star points but the
poor weather hasn't dampened the spirits
of those about to set out security this
year is tighter than ever with 40,000
troops deployed to protect the route
I've been coming to the pilgrimage for
the last 21 years and it's the first
time I've seen such measures taken by
the government with so many forces on
the road after every 100 meters we see
someone guarding us the extra security
measures are being taken because
pilgrims have been targeted before last
year eight people were killed and many
more injured in an attack on a police
bunker and a checkpoint nearly all the
victims were women the Indian
authorities blamed fighters from the
group lashkar-e-taiba for the attack
Kashmir has been at the heart of decades
of hostility between India and Pakistan
both of which claim the region
CCTV drones and bulletproof police
convoys will be used this year to try to
prevent any attack on the pilgrims
certainly they require foolproof and
elaborate security arrangements which
have been put in place the pilgrimage to
one of Hinduism's holiest sites lasts
for several weeks it will be seen as a
big test for a security force hoping it
will pass up peacefully Emma Haywood
al-jazeera
