marco still asado haria two runs a car
parts factory that exports to the United
States today Mexico's number one
industry and like dozens of other
prominent industrialists and businessman
is part of a coalition that publicly
supports the presidential candidate from
Mexico's governing party the Santoni
omid a former finance minister is a
friend of big business and the free
markets the anticip the populist
left-wing candidate who's leading in the
polls mr. del Rosario believes he would
be disastrous for Mexico we had a sample
in Venezuela the same thing that
Venezuela was proposing to the kids what
happens after six seven years he went
our money then you know Venezuela he's
having a very tough time so we don't
want that to happen in Mexico Andres
Lopez Obrador
is a longtime opponent of so-called
savage capitalism and accuses prominent
Mexican billionaires of belonging to
what he calls a power mafia
mead is appealing to Mexicans to vote
for continuity and not for a return to
what he describes as the disastrous
populism of the past in these elections
what we believe what we love what we've
built is at stake in this election the
country's future is at play
Ricardo Anaya of the conservative
opposition party pan couldn't agree more
he too warns Mexicans that the choices
between stability and the kind of
uncertainty that spooks investors but
the concerns of the business sector
don't seem to be striking a chord among
millions of poor and low-income Mexicans
who struggle to make a living for many
here the prospect of electing a
president who promises to make the
have-nots rather than the privileged his
main priority seems irresistible people
like fruit vendor Israel Angelus
who says the two other candidates
represent options that have failed the
working class we need jobs education
sports help for farmers not just for
those who have benefited from welcome
power the poor need help so the country
can grow
del Rosario hagit remains optimistic
he says it's illegal to tell his
employees who to vote for but that he
has explained what he believes would be
the consequences in Mexico were to veer
off its present course you see a Newman
al-jazeera flick Scala Mexico
