Mahmood abu zaid better known as Shokan
could be sentenced to death for simply
doing his job an egyptian judge is due
to give his ruling in the case so Khan
was arrested along with two other non
Egyptian journalists who are later
released while he was taking pictures
during the post coupe unrest in Egypt's
rabaa square in 2013 he was among
hundreds of people detained when
Egyptian security forces were ordered by
General Abdul Fattah el-sisi
now the president to end the six weeks
sitting almost 1000 people died in the
violence that followed Human Rights
Watch has said the Egyptian military's
crackdown is probably a crime against
humanity according to court documents
show Khan is being charged with weapons
possession illegal assembly murder and
attempted murder rights groups have
called for his immediate release the
egyptian embassy in Paris refused to
accept a petition with more than 70,000
signatures in support of Shokan Amnesty
International says his health is
deteriorating como una Moneda bahasa
michigan we demand that all charges
against him are dropped we demand that
the Egyptian government stops the
suppression of human rights defenders
who are being silenced simply because
they criticize Egyptian authorities he's
been diagnosed with malnutrition anemia
and depression he's written a letter
from his prison cell outlining the
abuses he's faced and how journalism in
Egypt has become a crime there are 13
journalists facing life imprisonment or
the death sentence on Saturday show Khan
will learn his fate
dianna kerim al-jazeera
