no easy path home another humanitarian
chief questions in your miles ability
and willingness to take back 400
refugees who fled a brutal military
crackdown are they destined to remain
stranded in overcrowded camps in
Bangladesh this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Elizabeth puranam the revenger are
probably the most friendless people in
the world almost 10 years after those
words were uttered by a UN spokeswoman
the situation facing Rohan Jia could
barely be more dire hundreds of
thousands of sheltering in camps in
Bangladesh having fled what rights
groups have described as atrocities by
Myanmar's military peter moeller of the
International Committee of the Red Cross
has visited Myanmar Rakhine State where
the violent crackdown happened now Mars
government has agreed to start repaired
creating mahendra to the villages they
abandoned but Mora told Al Jazeera that
he doesn't see how that's possible at
least in the short term for the ICRC
this is still and is at the present
moment first and foremost an emergency
operation a lot of people have been
affected from all the communities and we
need also to have even stronger support
and facilities from all the authorities
in Myanmar to be able to operate and to
expand our operations the reconciliation
of the communities the bringing back of
minimal safety and security for people
will is a tall order it needs the work
of many of the actors of many of the
communities as well so we are probably
looking at the long-term and medium-term
perspective I don't think that we have
yet conditions conducive to large-scale
return will need security arrangements
which are embraced by the communities
and this is again a political task of
key stakeholders in in Myanmar we
certainly appreciate the support that we
have for our humanitarian work and we
certainly would appreciate if others
would join us in the field because again
we do believe that this is still an
emergency operation where a lot of food
medical assistance basic assistance is
needed for the populations those who are
there and those who
eventually we'll come home well let's
bring in our guests now in Geneva we
have turn king president of the UK's
Burmese ruined your organization Matthew
Smith is in Kuala Lumpur he's the
co-founder and chief executive officer
of four to five rights that's a
non-profit human rights organization
based in Southeast Asia and joining us
from Barcelona is Robert Templar founder
and director of the higher education
Alliance for Refugees a very warm
welcome to all of you mr. toan Kim I'm
going to start with you
despite the reservations from the Red
Cross there is more and more talk the
talk about the repatriation of some
700,000 revenger continues but how many
of them want to return to Myanmar and do
they have a choice as far as what I know
I've been busy tapped three times to
Bangladesh since August 2017 you know
that victim the refugees you know they
told me before they are returned they
want to see justice and because the a
daughter has been raped their fathers
and brothers been disallowed turned in
front of them and their children being
burnt alive that is what they told me
you know what we have to point out here
is they want to return of course their
homeland before they are returned they
want to see the situation need to be
changed yeah we're more than
500-thousand true anger if people in our
constraint right now they want to see
their situation need to be changed
recognizing them their citizenship and
access to health care access to
education and access to their business
you know a still restriction are there
where and on top of that where they will
return this is a good question here
because they are village has been
bulldoze and you know nobody want to
return prison camps this is very clear
response from their refugees victims
when I met them all of those points in
greater detail but I want to put your
last question to Matthew Smith and Kuala
Lumpur what would these refugees
these people from Myanmar be going back
to given that their houses villages have
been burnt to the ground and Rakhine
Buddhists have already been settled in
some of their land
that's right Elizabeth the the situation
in northern makind state right now
hasn't really changed the Myanmar
authorities haven't really made the
fundamental changes that are needed in
order to ensure a safe and dignified
return and tun ken is absolutely right
the villages have been burned there's
tremendous uncertainty about protection
for anybody in northern makind state
right now who is Muslim and particularly
for those who are Roja so this is this
is a big concern and you know at this
point the there's there's nothing really
on the immediate horizon that would
suggest any sort of refugee return is
tenable mr. Templar do we know what the
actual terms of the agreements between
the UN and the government of Myanmar are
between the governments of Bangladesh
and Myanmar are fully transparent about
these agreements and they leave a lot of
questions unanswered particularly in
terms of really key issues like will
returnees have effective security will
they have citizenship will they have
legal rights will they have
international protection what sort of
help will they be allowed or will they
be put into camps like they're going to
remain in recline currently in so there
are a lot of questions that have not
been answered and that will only fight
in the reluctance of anyone to go back
into what's still a very dangerous
situation but I want to look more now at
how we've got here at how the UN is
describing the world's fastest-growing
refugee crisis the UN calls that it
began with an offensive by Myanmar's
Army in August last year the military
said it was responding to attacks by a
revenger armed group
but the UN says it became a campaign of
ethnic cleansing 700,000 revenger fled
their homes most of them now in camps in
neighboring Bangladesh Doctors Without
Borders believes 6700 others were killed
in the first month of violence analyst
International says what happened was
systematic organized and ruthless and
says culpability reaches the military's
top ranks there were reports of rapes
looting and murders the revenger are a
Muslim minority in Myanmar and they've
long been denied citizenship and basic
human rights by the government which
regards them as illegal immigrants
mister Tonkin let me come to you now
with the latest report by Amnesty
International that we've mentioned they
have named 13 top military personnel who
they think should be tried at the
International Criminal Court for war
crimes including rape murder forced
starvation how likely do you think that
is that they will go to the
International Criminal Court yeah we
have to see of course yes that is right
this especially being on lines near
generally online and other top they've
been involved of course this is not a
suddenly happen is quite systematic and
you know what we have to see here is the
Security Council must refer an
International Criminal Code that is one
point and unfortunately we have not seen
that much stronger voice from Security
Council members you know even you know
UK is quite they are not strongly
telling about it and you know of course
Russia and China they are there but we
have not seen quite seriously about it
you know the thing is we have to look at
you know it's been already more than
eight months now and it's not only
Rohingya machine Quran and Shan other
ethnic minorities been you know facing
this serious numerous violation of the
powers of Burma
you know this impunity going on this is
time right this is right time
international community must support
Isis referral and Security Council must
refer to the hague to Burmese military
and Burmese government including who are
complicit in this genocide against or
injure that's what I can see mr. Smith
just today we've heard from the Chinese
government China's top diplomat saying
that they think that Myanmar is ready to
take back these refugees how likely is
that that China will support any UN
Security Council action that would refer
the government of Myanmar to the
International Criminal Court given that
they are a key supporter of the
government of Myanmar yeah that's a
great it's an important question
Elizabeth and right now the UN Security
Council member states should really be
doing everything in their power and that
includes in their bilateral
relationships with China to essentially
just get China to step aside and let
justice run its course I mean no one's
really asking anything of any any action
from China with regard to this situation
really the the ask is for China to just
step aside and let you at the UN
Security Council refer this situation to
the International Criminal Court for too
long the diplomatic community has sort
of rested on this notion that it's
simply impossible because of China and I
think we have to get to the point where
UN member states regard that is
completely unacceptable and they use the
political leverage that they use you
know to to ink other deals with with the
government of China they need to use
that type of leverage towards justice
and human rights and we do think it is
possible and it's it's as mr. tun Ken
said it's it's absolutely essential
right now and mr. template is it
possible to sort of circumvent China and
even Myanmar on this because the
International Criminal Court right now
is looking at whether it can try myung
muff the crime of deportation even
though it's not a member state I mean
can the ICC get around that and do they
have the will to do it
well it's not particularly clear as the
affirmative ruling on this but there is
a strong interest in the ICC in getting
outside of Africa almost all of its
cases have involved Africa and they
would like to sort of broaden their
horizons to some degree if they are
interested in this case but it's very
unclear whether they have legal grounds
to do that it is an avenue that I think
should be pursued in part because it
does put pressure on China and Russia
likely to be so any attempt and the
Security Council to of the memo to the
International well we've heard from
young Mars a de facto leader Aung San su
Chi who's faced global criticism for not
standing up more for the revenger her
supporters say that she has little
control over army actions and recent
social media posts by Sioux chiefs
suggests that she blames meddling from
abroad for worsening divisions she said
hate narratives from outside the country
have driven the two communities further
apart so if we take what she's saying
about this which is consistent with what
she said since the military crackdown
began mr. Templar let me come back to
you you know how likely is it that the
perpetrators of these crimes will be
held to account when this is the sort of
narrative coming from the country's
leader and I think the comments that
she's made don't resolves in a situation
in any way it's clearly not driven by
outside forces and the pain speech has
been driven by many people who support
that Sun Tzu Chi now she may not have
complete control over the military but
she will certainly be able to speak out
and she's completely failed to do that
in fact she's being very much on the
wrong side of this issue so I'm afraid
her credibility
really on this a pretty much shattered
I want to talk more about the
repatriation because as we've said you
know various countries and organizations
are continuing to talk about it mister
Tonkin I believe there's something like
a hundred and twenty thousand Rehana who
are currently living in Myanmar in
internal camps what are the conditions
like in those camps and would the
revenger who in bangladesh now if they
were repatriated would they be living in
the same source of camps and facing the
same conditions for me Asura Hingis I'm
receiving information from the ground
every day this is quite clear there will
be the same situation this Rohingya when
they refer treated back that's why I
mentioned earlier nobody want to return
to refugee camps at all sorry nobody
want to return to prison camps at all
you know this row here are people
120,000 in seat way is been obtained of
temporary but still there is no talk of
original return to the abilities you
know they are not proper getting proper
aid and you know education and other
health access at all that's why many
ruin gas flare have many growing us you
know by bored they fled from these
refugee camps you know this is a Burmese
government and military systematically
destroying our community that's why we
call it a a genocide you know we need to
see also you know like Kofi Annan
recommendation Commission already called
for to close these IDP camps as still we
have not seen any posit any
implementation on that so said a
political willingness from Burma top
military to NLD government from ounces
which there is no such a hope for the
rowing I can see there is no policy
towards Rohingya has changed nothing has
changed instead situation is getting
worse so that's why we are calling here
a thorough India we know we need
international protection to when drawing
a repatriated back to Burma without
international protection these Rohingya
will face mass atrocities
- Matthew Smith mr. Smith should the
International protection even be
focusing on those 120,000 that are
living in camps should the UN start with
them absolutely you know there have been
avoidable deprivation in those
internment camps and they are internment
camps there are more than 20 internment
camps in five different townships in
Rakhine State and there are as you
mentioned Elizabeth more than 120,000
men women and children who are confined
to those camps they're denied freedom of
movement
many of them are denied access to
livelihoods their health needs maternal
mortality is a very serious issue in
those camps so there does need to be
unfettered humanitarian access to those
areas but more importantly you know it's
it's really not sensible to be talking
about returning refugees to recline
state while the Myanmar government is
confining more than 120 thousand to
internment camps so those camps do need
to be deconstructed as the anon
Commission recommended and and those the
the individuals and families living in
those camps have a right to return and
to rebuild their homes and they deserve
reparations on top of that but
unfortunately right now there are no
indicators from the Myanmar authorities
that that's going to happen anytime soon
and mr. Templar you know one aspect of
the story that is often overlooked is
how all of this is impacting the many
people of Cox's Bazar and Bangladeshis
themselves who are already one of the
most impoverished people in the world I
think nearly a third of them live in
extreme poverty so what impact has some
at least 700,000 revenger coming across
the border had on people in that part of
Bangladesh devastating impact an
enormous environmental impact because of
the cutting down trees for firewood they
it's reducing wages but what's a very
poor population
place it's created an environment or
expanded exploitation in terms of
trafficking and violence and it's grated
a lot of political tensions there so
it's not a dramatic impact I think on
the lives of some of the poorest
Bangladeshis and mr. Smith I think
Bangladesh is spending something like a
million dollars a day to sustain its own
relief and security efforts where is
this money coming from well right now
there are huge shortfalls among the
international aid organizations and in
terms of the the amount of resources
that they need to provide even basic aid
to the refugee population and you know
Bangladesh has done a really great
service to the revenge' community to you
know accept the refugee population I was
on the border when tens of thousands of
people were pouring across and I could
see the border guards going out of their
way to ensure that refugees could make
their way to a secure and safe place and
I think that needs to be acknowledged
however there there are other things
happening on the ground in the camps and
aid groups are having a difficult time
doing their work due to some arbitrary
restrictions that are being imposed by
various authorities so I think the
Bangladesh authorities need to stay
vigilant to ensure that the aid
organizations that are operating there
can work closely with Roja communities
to provide gentlemen we don't have very
long left in the program and I'd like to
ask the last question to all of you the
UN secretary-general Antonio Guterres is
going to be in the region in Bangladesh
in a couple of days to assess the
severity of the crisis and what needs to
be done what do you think needs to
happen to to support the refugees living
in Bangladesh to support the
Bangladeshis themselves and to ensure
that a repatriation does happen it is
not forced and does not send the
revenger back into harm's way mr. Tonkin
let me start with you
yes great to see here he is visiting to
the refugee camps in next week that is
very good and first thing what I want to
say we would like to see he is a Saroja
you know that UN ACR UNHCR Myanmar
government and UNDP agreement they is it
is mmm there is no transparency on that
agreement we as a Rohingya as a big
teams as a refugees they did not consult
with any representative of this
community this is very very disturbing
and I do not think this is totally you
know it is totally not it's really not
I do not see this is this will work
because you know Rohingya they want to
be consulted with the UNHCR so you're
calling for more transparency and to see
sure I'll mr. Templar what about unit
safety the dignity and the rights of the
community should be paramount and that
they deserve after everything that
they've been through a guarantee from
the United Nations that they won't be
forced back home that they won't be
subjected to increased insecurity and
that the international community will
provide safer conditions than those that
currently exist in the camps in
Bangladesh mr. Smith I agree with mr.
Templar I agree with mr. Tintin and in
addition to that I would just add that
it's absolutely essential that the
Secretary General send a very clear
message to perpetrators in Myanmar that
this type of behavior is completely
unacceptable and that perpetrators will
be held accountable this message of
accountability is absolutely essential
but beyond that there needs to be action
and so we would also like to see the
secretary-general apply pressure to the
UN Security Council to refer the
situation to the criminal International
Criminal Court and mr. Tonkin just
lastly you know so much of this has been
caused by the fact that the revenger
don't have legal rights as citizens in
Myanmar has anything been done has any
act
being taken by the government there to
give them more legal status or
protection no we do not say anything
from the government side at all because
you made Bank bar Burmese government
right yes yeah Burmese government this
being systematic persecution going on
since 1962 you know after 1978 we have
seen you know many operations against
row here so the what I can see here is
we need to see the solution from not
inside Burma at all because as a whole
Burma
you know us Deepika and you SDP party
NLD government military security force
police forces nobody want to see rowing
as a citizen unfortunately even though
we have glorious pass and establishment
there if they didn't recognize us so the
solution will come from international
level so we need international community
protection and you know also when you
are secretary-general visit we need to
see you know very near future I don't
think this refugee will return to Burma
at all so as a counter at of this where
Burmese government and military
destroying our community we need to
counteract to rebuild to empower our
community in refugee camps so we can
move forward you know because we need
protection all right I'm afraid and that
will run out it doesn't need to be done
thank you very much for your time that
is Tonkin in Geneva Matthew Smith and in
Kuala Lumpur and Robert Templar in
Barcelona and thank you too for watching
you can see the program again any time
by visiting our website al-jazeera calm
and for further discussion do go to our
Facebook page that's facebook.com /aj
inside story you can also join the
conversation on Twitter I handle this at
AJ inside story from me Elizabeth
puranam and the whole team here bye for
now
