a leader in waiting this sealing unwire
Brahimi's returned to frontline politics
pocket on harapan or the Alliance of
Hope the ruling coalition taking 71% of
ballots this by-election victory in a
town just south of the capital
represents much more than a local poll
it was the May general elections in
which an was foe turned Ally Mahathir
Mohamad swept to power the two men had
been enemies for two decades after maja
Tia imprisoned his former deputy on
sodomy charges but they joined forces to
ask the previous ruling coalition freed
in the weeks after their victory after
being jailed a second time on charges of
sodomy and while was granted a full
pardon and the man who put him back in
prison
former prime minister najib razak is
standing trial for corruption for many
of those casting ballots in Port Dickson
today their vote was for a new cleaner
Malaysia with this man as their leader I
hope and were wins because I have long
supported him
Anwar and 93 year old Maha Tia
ostensibly have a deal for him to take
over as Prime Minister in two years this
the first step Nastasia teh al-jazeera
