mosul may be clear of ISIL but reminders
of the group's reign are everywhere not
just of the group's atrocities but also
the brutal fighting it took to topple
them here streets are still empty and
buildings are destroyed for the former
residents who were lucky enough to
escape isil's web of violence and
inhumanity things remain difficult Ahmed
thought his homecoming would be a happy
one he and his family fled in 2014 they
were overjoyed when an adoptee forces
declared they'd retaken Mosul then he
saw what remains of their house
Shia optimism wherever you go there's
awful destruction if you go outside
you'll see entire neighbourhoods
destroyed and in some parts you can
still smell dead bodies lying under the
rubble it's impossible to bring our
families to such a place where the smell
of death is still lingering strewn about
our symbols of sufferings of youth
stopped dead in its tracks of a
displacement crisis that is nowhere near
over the deer whose family can't afford
to rebuild struggles to come to terms
with all that has happened mama Amos old
neither unofficial nor an NGO visited us
in order to help no one has come forward
and asked us if we have leads we have
not begged still and we only want our
rights and help from good people so we
can get back on track while the
situation remains dire there are signs
of hope some philanthropists and
contractors are promising to restore
this city
as bulldozers roll through bringing a
sense of anticipation to these alleyways
doesn't we have taken the initiative to
rebuild destroyed houses in Mosul
because we have seen the high level of
destruction so we've decided to hold
hands together with the people of Mosul
and start this reconstruction campaign
still no one expects this will be easy
attempting restoration and renewal amid
so much despair Mohammed Jim Jim al
Jazeera
