this is the greatest European
Renaissance tom on the Blue Nile nearing
completion the project has been fully
funded by the government and the people
of Ethiopia it's a fact many here are
proud of yet ambitious infrastructure
projects like the dam have put pressure
on the country's foreign reserves which
are already in short supply foreign
currency shortages the worst that I have
witnessed in my entire life and it's all
time laws that we have heard of and seen
and this is because look at the economy
look at the construction sector you look
at the manufacturing sector look at the
import everything in the government
projects all those that have been
planned ambitiously have slowed down
another cause for the crisis is that it
European sells far less than what it
buys the International Monetary Fund
says that Ethiopia's foreign reserves at
the end of the 2016 2017 fiscal year
stood at 3.2 billion less than what it
spends on imports in two months
in recent years ETOP has encouraged
massive Chinese investment in industrial
parks to create employment and increase
exports the government has directed
banks not to issue foreign currency to
importers who are not in sectors
considered a priority such as for meseta
course on manufacturing and with no
means of paying their suppliers many at
addis ababa largest market Marcato
traders complain of how bad businesses
forest Halil imports textiles from China
and Dubai Mariana Agha
getting supplies is a real challenge for
us increasing prices are also keeping
customers away last year the government
devalued the local currency by fifteen
percent in an effort to boost exports
and contain rising inflation but prices
kept rising we don't fix the prices that
is builders the farmers in rural areas
do depending on their production costs
even if he appears new Prime Minister
Abbott acknowledges that there is no
quick fix to the
for now he's calling for more
cooperation with the private sector it's
European one-time ally of the Soviet
Union is now enduring some of the paints
of capitalism but they are growing pains
the IMF is forecasting a growth rate of
8.5% this year far above the global
average for now it seems Ethiopia is
still an African economic force to
reckon with Mohammed Al Jazeera Addis
Ababa Ethiopia
