hi I'm sorry okay and I'm Malika Batali
today with more LGBT representatives in
the public eye we discuss what impact
they have so tell us who you are proud
of and why the rest of the world should
know about them to dis or leave your
comments in our live YouTube chat and
maybe you could also be in the stream
David so I'm a Democratic candidate for
the Kansas 3rd congressional district
and you are in the street LGBT
politicians are slowly gaining
visibility and reaching their nation's
highest offices something that was
unfathomable until very recently
worldwide there are four heads of
governments who are also part of the
LGBT community in 2017 thirty-three LGBT
representatives were elected to the
British Parliament and the United States
there were over 400 LGBT candidates
running for office in this year's in
midterm elections so what does it take
to be out and in the public high and
what impact does that have on all of us
well here to discuss just that in
Caracas Venezuela
we have Tamara Adrian a member of the
Venezuelan National Assembly and the
country's first transgender person to be
elected to office in Denver Colorado
Lesley Harrod she's a Colorado State
Representative and is the first African
American LGBT candidate elected to the
state legislature in the United Kingdom
Sunil pond he's a former member of
parliament in Nepal he's also the first
openly gay politician to be elected in
Asia and in Nairobi Kenya BC Ally me
he's a TV personality actor activist and
executive director of the BC Alima
foundation that's an organization that
fights for the rights of LGBT people in
Nigeria welcome to the stream all of you
so good to have you here our community
is really resonating with this topic or
the topic is resonating with our
community this is Brian Simms I want to
start with a tweet here and he says on a
positive note a great way to start off a
show there are more openly LGBTQ people
running for office than at any other
time in US history I think we are
uniquely qualified to battle the
awfulness that we see and
Herman lately I mean mmm so the one
thing I noticed Malika is we were
introducing everybody they're all firsts
first in their field and bitsy was the
first person to come out on Nigerian TV
so he is also a first I am just
wondering guess that that weights of
being the first what is it like is it a
weight is it a release what is it you
see because you find yourself in a
position where you're trying to find
someone to look up to and you can't and
at that moment you have to write your
own history you have to set the pace you
have to do something no one else oh and
it's quite challenging it's very scary
but you know Leslie you're first to what
I like responsibility to ensure that
we're representing in a way that
encourages others to also run but also
be out and to also be authentic but it's
a great place to be and I'm glad that I
could be out and open and serve here in
Colorado Sunil well I wasn't conscious
about being the first because I was
already out and then running a
successful CBT activism advocacy
organization in Nepal and Constituent
Assembly election was announced I
thought that was the good opportunity
for us to get into the you know
Parliament and sit around the table to
decide the policy and new constitution
for the for Nepal and they just only
after I got elected some media reported
that I was the first openly gay member
Parliament not only in power but in
Malaysia and then realize how big
history we have made in the power sure
and tomorrow your part of history as
well yes well I was out eleven twelve
years before I run so I got to this
impression that it's it's your task to
try to create awareness and to create
this idea under which it is necessary to
have a positive impact on the life of
everybody as a politician and not be
centered on the LGTB I writes
exclusively I want to share with you
guess a video comment that came from the
uk-based LGBT rights activist Peter
Tatchell so he recently made headlines
following his arrest in Moscow for
protesting on the opening day of the
World Cup in Russia now he can be seen
holding a sign which reads Putin fails
to act against Chechnya torture of gay
people and the activists was then
approached by police and he was briefly
detained before being released here's
what he told the stream about why
representation matters it's really
important to have out invisible LGBTQ
public figures and the reasons are
twofold first to provide positive
affirmative images of LGBTQ people for
those teams who are struggling with
their sexuality or gender identity and
second because the evidence is very
clear if someone knows an LGBTQ person
they're much more likely to support
LGBTQ equal human rights so no but what
this means is that you are putting
yourself out there as a public person
and saying this is also my personal life
as well how do you do that well that was
you know something really important for
for me personally but also for LGBTI
communities because it throughout the
world since in the last several hundred
years with the colonization the
homophobia and mis-education about LGBT
has been spread throughout the world so
you know when I got elected and I was
very surprised to see how little
the other legislators of a Member of
Parliament knew about us but also
staggeringly how you know they knew they
were miss educated and they have all
kinds of fear oh if we give LGBTI rights
then what will happen you know about our
moral and ethical standpoint we will be
very degrading view to ourselves cbt-i
people and they see LGBT people are
dirty and you know lower class and
cannot rise above the ethical standard
and are useless basically in burden to
the society so that you know I got that
opportunity to demystify and educate
them and reach out to those cbt-i people
so that's one thing in education to
develop representatives of the people or
the legislators the second thing was you
know if if you are not represented there
then you know nobody will represent
nobody else is there to represent you so
the LGBTI rights issues and policies are
inevitable never laced nobody there to
defend nobody there to protect and etc
so it's it's terribly important out and
you know LGBTI people got elected to the
office now I'm so glad that you
mentioned the your work to demystify
some strongly held beliefs in your
community because that is what some of
our community members are working on
themselves this is a tweet from Malusi
out of Swaziland he says we're a
population of 1.3 million and we've
many-a-times been said to be a country
of a family we need recognition from our
government to be shown in legislation we
have no legal remedies from
discrimination and stigma and the
country still criminalize the same-sex
relations so that's one example out of
Swaziland another example came to us via
a video comment this is our champ RC
he's the executive director of a group
called the Iranian
railroad work we're refugees he's now in
Toronto and this is why he said it is so
important to have LGBT members in public
office and in the public I have listened
a lot of us in the Middle East we are in
the closet and I think that gives us an
opportunity to get into the core
politics and then within written inside
you can me know slowly and slowly bring
the change because you know these laws
are very difficult to tolerate I used to
live in Iran for 24 years and it is very
horrifying and I'm sure there are a lot
of LGBT people in the Middle East that
they want to leave in their countries do
not exceed and escape from their
homeland and have some basic reason they
say wondering if you can take those two
comments on people who see the
importance of being in the public eye
but it's difficult there are a lot of
odds stocked against them yes yes indeed
and you know I and I know what it is
like one like let me say there is the
expectation from the community for you
to and Excel there's so much pressure on
you to being a role model and do you
also become the world that takes of them
being the missiles and the insults and
the attack from people who don't see you
at the past people who don't think that
you deserve to have a life people who
don't think that is that to exist in the
first place and the important thing is
you're consistent maintain in the
public's faith means hope to young
people or to other people who are
struggling who needed someone to say if
this person can do it and I could do it
well it doesn't mean that you take all
the bullets that are coming from people
who are against the community and it's
very much about how you strike the
balance but I personally think that if
I'm giving the choice I will continue to
stay in the public because for every
person who finds validation in my story
it's much more important to me than
someone who think I don't deserve to my
story to be heard tomorrow I totally
agree with you Bizzy I think the
positive impact on the younger people of
you being out it's a
the the masa reward will think that you
are doing because you're creating hop
for those who have been excluded and do
not foresee for any future and they see
you as an example
do you give hop and you give awareness
to this very difficult path yes I want
you to lean forward and check out your
skype I'm going to show you a headline
from The Daily Mail this is from a year
ago de mail the first gentleman husband
of Luxembourg's gay prime minister joins
the nato wife's and girlfriends let me
show you the picture haha and well
apology that support and protect LGBT
people from things like violence and
discrimination unfortunately we now have
a White House and likely a Supreme Court
that is less accepting and less tolerant
of where we are today and where
Americans are today and so I get very
concerned when I see anything coming out
of Washington DC when it comes to LGBT
people because I'm very concerned that
our country will take a step back and
unfortunately that means that our
ability to also spread
pro-lgbt feelings and policies around
the world will be stepped back as well
and so right here in Colorado and at the
state level a lot of us openly LGBT
people like Brian sim are fighting at
the state level so that people can stand
up and say we're not going to tolerate
discrimination or hatred amongst or
towards our LGBT friends family and
counterparts and I hear you there I want
to bring up a comment from someone who
talks about the challenges during the
campaign and so this is Edie this is in
the US that says Iran and one for
Borough Council here in Pennsylvania in
2009 I was contacted by another
councilman who had been called about a
picture on my my
space of course you remember that site
you might be aging yourself there but I
read my social networking site before
before Facebook he says a friend who was
a drag queen was pictured there and he
was told I don't care what you do but
it's in your best interest to remove
that picture he goes on to say I should
add that this happened during the
campaign and it bothered me as I hadn't
planned to make my sexuality an issue in
this race unless it was necessary but it
was kind of offensive that people were
sinking this low and telling supporters
of mine that people were talking now
this is one example Sunil I know for you
personally you've had rocks thrown at
you you've had a court case opened
against you talk to us about some of
those challenges well those were usual
challenges and I wanted to talk about
when they are discrimination and
violence against one minority of that
country then other minorities are
equally vulnerable so this if you know
measurement country can take on we have
had difficult time state of emergency
the democracy was was crushed by the
monarchy then would took the direct rule
dismiss the Parliament etcetera so that
at the time the Maoist insurgency was
also on its peak and rampant human
rights violation by many and most
suffered where the minority groups LGBTI
people with disabilities women single
women the central caste people you know
which is oppressed for centuries so
these are the thing you know we also
faced we faced cold challenge
fundamental you know a fundamentalist
who was also aware a challenge and filed
a petition in a soup you could demand it
close down the SBT organization luckily
the court was you know more enlightened
than the government then and then
gave a fantastic decision saying that
try to organization by a new minority
groups or anybody is constitutional
right so that was a big difference but
what's a big you know a challenging time
there was violence my muster by security
forces
if I may well I think is extraordinary
is not only that the activism that
you've been doing and the political
office that you were held but the fact
that this was all happening in Nepal
which is not an area where we think oh
it's a very progressive area it's very
open to LGBT rights what do you think
happened at that time to make it a place
where you could actually run for office
and hold office well one thing is you
know we have had enough of operation and
all the challenges and we said you know
it's it's our generation who will fight
for it that's one thing but also time
was very right because the whole country
going through a difficult time the
democracy was was cost and crushed by
the bulletin booths so all the other
civil society were also you know
fighting so we joined the force together
and then the whole you know right
equality and inclusion and you know
eliminating discrimination stigma was
the you know national agenda for
everybody okay so when when 2000 in a
seven we had this interim Parliament and
many election happened there was the
opportunity and space was was more open
you know an inclusive I want to show you
gas a movie that's been made about the
life of Tamra here's the trailer have a
look
a professorial Monza a low-gravity
rasulu no una rata ya Rivoli ando say
evo sentry comment' a ESO de democracia
como es muy you da con esto co no Tamra
when you have a movie being made about
you and made about you you know that
you're important one of the things I was
really curious about was how did you
campaign how were you out there talking
to the public and encouraging them to
vote for you
well actually of the fact is that when
you are totally out you do not fight
only for LGTB I writes you ha you have
the the task and the duty to fight for
everyone's rights women's rights
minority to right in general and for
every day's rights for everybody so when
you are out doing a campaign you're
talking to everyone and encompassing the
needs of everyone because there is not
only the LGTB eye community that's going
to vote for you it's everyone that
you're asking to vote for you and this
is the the real task to be perceived and
to be understood as a person who
actually fights for everyone so
interesting that you mentioned that you
don't only fight for LGBT rights because
we got a good conversation going online
amongst some people and I'd like to
share it with you the first is a video
comment this is from Annise Parker and
she's the former mayor of the city of
Houston and also the president and CEO
of the victory fund here in Washington
DC and this is what she told the stream
we believe that it is important to have
out elected officials at all levels of
government advocating for our community
they are good public servants they work
hard for their constituents but they
also shape the dialogue around the needs
of the LGBTQ community we have great
allies but we need to speak for ourself
because we are also role models for the
next generation of leaders that comes
behind us so she mentions there Leslie
that she is working hard for all
constituents but also remember
specifically in the LGBT community and
that's the N idea that Brian here picks
up on he says one of the major
challenges is recognizing that I can
never fully represent the breadth and
the depth of the LGBTQ communities while
simultaneously being the only out person
in my legislature I have to teach I have
to explain and I often embody the
lessons that I've learned can you talk
to us about that issue about
representing a community but then of
course not being the one spokesperson
for all that community and having issues
that affect the entire constituency yeah
here in Colorado a lot of I'm fighting
to make sure that we unite immigrant
family with their kids right what I'm
fighting to make sure that people
understand that black lives matter and
that people shouldn't be brutalized by
law enforcement on our street so there's
this tie of issues that I work on an
American person at the legislature as a
community member and as an LGBT person
and it's really harder to do that if
you're the only one representing because
you have to build those relationships we
have to be your authentic self but not
everyone is like me not everyone in the
LGBT community believes everything that
I believe in we're having experiences
and so that's why I think it's so
important that we elect more LGBT out
LGBT people into office so this last
primary cycle we made sure to expand the
number in the LGBT caucus and actually
successfully got two more members
elected through their primary they'll
have to run their general than November
but I'll be there to help and so I think
that's also really important I'll tell
you a quick story so I was working I
serve on the Judiciary Committee and
there was a bill that came in front of
me it was called a liver let live bill
which basically is that someone can
refuse services to an LGBT person if
they want now I'm a black person that
reminded me of the day when we had
segregation right and Jim
Rollo's but these a lot of that said if
you're black you can't eat you got to on
the back of the bus or you can't use a
water fountain and it's the same bill
just written about LGBT people even more
so though it affects all kinds of people
people of color religious minorities so
many different groups it would have a
disastrous effect on them and so we had
this hearing and I talked to one of the
member who's from a rural Colorado a
very different place in the city of
Denver and I said look I don't think
you're a hateful person you've never
shown hate towards me but this bill
would allow you to allow people to hate
allow people to discriminate and I don't
think that's who you are I don't think
that's who I am I don't think that's who
Colorado is and I ask you to come with
me maybe even to a gay bar Chum come
with me to dinner and let's have this
conversation as and I gotta tell you and
he is changing his description about
LGBT people right now as we speak and I
think that's so important so when we're
there we're not only able to work on
policies that affect LGBT people we're
actually able to personally connect with
those members who maybe bring up people
bill and tell them who we really are and
how this really impacts us I think that
makes a huge difference they say I want
to show you this picture here this is of
a mayor a governor candidate for
Maryland not far away from the stream
studios and this is him and his family
campaigning he made news for being the
first politician to kiss his husband on
a political ad I'm wondering if you're
seeing globally a change in attitudes to
leaders LGBTQ activists who are out
there who are leading the way leading
their communities in the way that the
public reacts to them yes indeed and it
was in November and the next thing
Nigerian national newspaper I stood a
picture of us at the wedding on the
front page
laughs yeah that was very shocking for
me that they could do that and they
could celebrate that I think there are
challenges because more and more the
representation is increasing many people
are getting the bonus to be very
affirmative about their loss because of
injuries whichever way no I busy and
Leslie and tomorrow and Sunil thank you
for being part of our program has the
conversation going down on lime lika III
think it's an interesting challenge for
some communities and for others they
feel like there are more advances a
conversation continues always online and
you can look for our at AJ stream
Twitter feeds and continue the
conversation there for now Mariko and I
will sign off thanks for watching
