make or break time for Europe that's the
German Chancellor Angela Merkel on the
migrant crisis which is polarizing the
eve some countries are threatened to
seal their borders so could that seal
the fate of the European Union itself
this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Peter Dhabi now it is an issue that has
split the European Union and as the
German Chancellor Angela Merkel is
warning it's make-or-break time for the
future of the 28-nation bloc EU leaders
are in Brussels to discuss the migration
crisis with deep divisions over how to
manage the migrant flow into Europe a
controversial proposal to set up asylum
seeker processing centers in northern
Africa will be examined France and
Germany want a shared responsibility
among the Member States but right-wing
governments are demanding tighter border
controls and policies to reduce the
number of migrants getting in well ahead
of the summit's Angela Merkel addressed
the German parliament warning of how
vital it is that Europe does find the
right solution Europe faces many
challenges but migration could become
the make-or-break one for the EU either
we manage it so others in Africa believe
that we are guided by values and believe
in multilateralism not unilateralism or
nobody will believe any longer in the
system of values that has made us strong
that's why it's so important
tu leaders have been here before
especially in 2015 when the migration
crisis in Europe was at its peak but
they struck deals with countries like
Turkey and Libya to keep refugees from
ever reaching the continent in the first
place it's been working for more than a
million refugees in 2015 the
International Organization for Migration
says the numbers arriving by sea dropped
to under 43,000 so far this year most of
them crossed the Mediterranean and reach
Spain Italy in Greece almost 40% arrived
in Italy the rest split evenly between
Greece and Spain 972 people died trying
to make that crossing Italy is turning
away ships carrying refugees rescued
from the Mediterranean sending a clear
message to Europe that they will no
longer bear the brunt of migration
Italy's interior minister Matteo salvini
has told refugees to pack their bags and
many Italians many of whom still believe
migrants are still flowing in at crisis
levels welcoming his anti-immigrant
rhetoric charlie angela is in sicily
finding out how refugees there feel
about this new more pasta
environment a bus from Catania unloading
in Takara manao one of Europe's largest
refugee camps here there is fresh
urgency for Refugees applying for asylum
they've heard that Italy's new interior
minister is hostile to migrants and
their right just ordinary immigrants so
whatever he puts inside alone you just
follow it so even if he said right now
you don't have anything to say Ernest
came from Ghana when he was 15 he lost
his mother in Libya and made his way to
Italy alone
now a husband and father the camp has
been his home for four years lawyers say
these people are the lucky ones
Italy's new policy of turning boats away
will make new arrivals almost impossible
we are going back to 2015 where there's
no distinction between genuine refugees
and economic migrants we're going back
because the government is now talking
about preventing people from even
requesting asylum talking about denying
access based on their country of origin
and this is a violation of international
law Italy has shut its ports to charity
boats carrying rescued migrants they
believe if these boats disappear
migrants won't be tempted to cross the
Mediterranean but charity boats account
for 40% of the search-and-rescue
operations here and testing this idea
thousands could die
Italy's new hardline policy is driven by
Matteo salvini a rock star of the
Italian right seen here in Libya pushing
for Asylum identification centres to be
set up in North Africa not Europe his
slogan stopped the invasion local
councillor and salvini supporter Fabio
cantarella
took me to parts of Catania he says are
overrun by migrants that is you know my
year live in Edo Grande Sicily is now
the biggest refugee camp in Europe many
terms we have taken the issue to Europe
but it's taken salvini to put a stop to
it our coasts are being invaded and the
impact of illegal immigration is
particularly evident in neighborhoods
like this one back at the camp
a message from one refugee that this
- migrant rhetoric is dangerous
you can't group all migrants together
some of us fled persecution others have
come just to earn money and then return
to Africa we don't have that choice we
came here because we were being
persecuted we came to Europe because the
rule of law is respected in Africa it
isn't but with these new policies Italy
risks accusations that it is also
forgetting the rule of law and its moral
obligations to those in need
Charly Angela al Jazeera Catania okay
let's bring in our guest joining us here
from Geneva
Leonard Doyle spokesman for the director
of the International Organization for
Migration from Brussels Julian lagana a
senior analyst on EU migration and
asylum policies at the Open Society
European Policy Institute and in London
Claude Maurice labor member of the
European Parliament for London and chair
of the European parliamentary civil
liberties justice and Home Affairs
Committee welcome to all Leonard Oil in
Geneva why is it taken so long to get to
this summit today and tomorrow
given that the migrant crisis kicked off
what three years ago India anger there
are fundamental disagreement within you
and will surely be talking about those
about and it all goes down to the issue
of free movement within Europe and also
there's a kind of exaggerated procession
of the number of migrants coming to
Europe those in the political space and
in the media landscape its kind of
whipped up out of all proportion whereas
it's a pretty manageable situation and
it should be done with a great rate
humanity and dignity Julien lagana in
Brussels migration is the number one
issue no matter how you slice or dice
slice and dice the statistics on this
for European voters is that real or is
it an illusion well I would argue that
it's real for the people who believe it
is unfortunately it's been whipped up by
far-right parties and populist parties
in various European countries to become
the number one priority leaders a
meeting today in Brussels and they're
supposed to focus on a host of a very
important issues for the EU including
the trade war with America the next you
budget for the next seven years defense
cooperation and instead
they'll be in the usual panic in crisis
mode about migration this will be one of
a series of endless crisis sons on
migration called Maurice in Brussels
this is partly as well I guess about
burden sharing sharing the burden of
unprecedented numbers of people who've
got into Europe or who are trying to get
into Europe that's the framework that
they have to work around how do they do
it
unprecedented during the so-called
crisis in 2014-15 we now have the lowest
number of sea crossings of migrants of
refugees since 2013 the paradox is we
have the fewest number crossing the
Mediterranean but the biggest political
noise that is that the ultimate paradox
here and it's a very real noise it's a
noise coming from Italy the first big
country but this kind of populist
anti-immigrant government the split in
Germany and the so-called visit grad
countries just ramping up the anti
migrant rhetoric and it is very real
because it is causing an existential
crisis for the EU but it is creating the
wrong policies and at the summit today
we do want responsibility sharing we do
want an external border we do want some
fair policies like Dublin what we seem
to be getting is some external ization
and I am really worried about that
Leonard Doyle in Geneva when Claude
there in London talks about policies
like Dublin he's referring basically to
the way that some new EU Member States
got in effect an opt-out because there's
this concept within being a member of
the EU which is one for all all for one
but those countries on the eastern edge
of the shell of Europe they managed to
get a situation where they're not taking
part in that is that fair look I think
European solidarity is is a work in
progress is a kind way of saying it and
while it's interesting to hear the
rhetoric and debates of certain leaders
and countries across Europe where they
have minimal migration at the end of the
day it's political rhetoric what we're
kind of really interested in I think and
the focus possibly should be is on those
poor unfortunate episode
you are drowning you're drowning on the
way to Europe whether they are refugees
into asylum or whether they're economic
migrants they are all being you know
their be tricked into this journey by
smugglers and by social media and at the
end of the day I think this kind of has
to be on how do we save the lives of
these people
then we can argue about distribution and
all the other things Act later Julian
lagana
there seems to be a slightly a weak but
across the border general consensus
claude touched on this earlier about
tightening Europe's borders would that
solve the issue there's consensus yes
it's emerging between North and South
Europe and east and west on the fact
that we should basically keep people out
and also these plans that that croud was
referring to of offshore camps or sort
of Australia's style models for asylum
processing and of course the problem
with those ideas is that they're largely
unfeasible mainly because no countries
winning to host those camps I think the
key issue that we're seeing again and
again that's being played out at EU
level is that you governments have
failed to deliver on what they promised
to do which was to have equal standards
for asylum seekers across the block they
failed to deliver on reforming the
Dublin regulation which to which Lennon
was alluding to which is the rules for
further way responsibilities allocated
for a sign of decisions and now they've
got two convenient scapegoats one is the
migrants very usual scapegoat and the
other ones that eat you itself and now
they've reached I think the final point
of how far they can bend that reality
for political expediency and I think
tonight is going to be crunch time with
a group of countries basically telling
those governments who are still playing
that card that now is the time to move
on and look for practical solutions
claude coming to you for the next 60
seconds or so there is talk of holding
centres slash disembarkation centres
outside of Europe ie North Africa how do
they work how do you fund them how do
you police them and how do you not have
them turning into the hashtag children
in cages situation that we're seeing
right now in real time on the us-mexico
border well maybe you should also ask
your colleague and from the IOM about
this because the UNHCR and I am have
been talking to the council about this
what I'm worried about is they're
talking about disembarkation centers now
they're making it very vague at the
moment and deliberately vague but let's
hear what they really mean do they mean
disembarkation centers involved in
Africa China Tunisia you know Libya
where I was recently Albania they've
also had no to these kinds of centers
now this is a long march potentially
towards offshoring as you heard from
that our other guest and we've seen that
in Australia and the EU by the way would
not survive this kind of opprobrium the
idea of diminishing human rights in this
way I mean I was in Libya recently are
we going to send set up disembarkation
centers in Libya really the government
there what is what's left of the
government there has already said no so
you know the policies we do need Dublin
you know all the various files that
we've worked really hard in the
Parliament to work through with the
council need to be implemented but if we
chase the far right as is happening at
the moment and create this kind of
offshoring situation we're going to be
in trouble because practically they
don't work but in human rights terms and
values terms it's a worry because you
know what do you do strengthen the Coast
Guard I mean I saw that in a document
today maybe we could get a comment on
this there are there is a coast guard in
Libya and the EU is partly funding that
and that is a mess because you know
there is no coherence the human rights
issues are huge and I remind people
again that the numbers coming are at a
real low for for the last five six years
and we should be getting together a
policy there's a common policy on
redistribution there are some bilateral
agreements going on at the moment which
you know I'm not against as long as we
get a calmness in the political debate
but if we chase the far-right on this
which is what's happening then I really
worry for what is going to happen at the
end of this summit for unworkable
policies and maybe the IOM colleague
can comment on that as well Leonard told
you want to come back on that because
the EU does surely have a problem just
to interrupt you for a second come back
on Claude's point but also we've got the
Italian Interior Minister also saying he
wants to set up centers in Sudan
Chad Nisha and Mali that that one will
simply never fly yeah I mean I think you
know mr. riah's makes some excellent
points as usual but at the end of day I
think this discussion would be helped if
we just except for one minute that about
90% of the bows coming across are what
we would term economic migrants now I've
been in favor of economic magnets but
the reality is is if you try and get
into a country without paper and you're
in economic market rather than deserving
of international protection whether
that's beyond asylum or not you really
don't have a place there so I think we
should just have a reality check there
that the rather than us chasing the far
right as has been described maybe it's a
lack of cohesion and a lack of
management of the process which has
allowed the extremists a space in which
to wreak havoc in our system but moving
on to the issue and the important issue
of of this offshoring of detention
centers is certainly not sorry it's a
really it's a reality check if I could
jump in is a reality check having no
international law basis for even
determining whether somebody is an
asylum seeker or an economic migrant in
an African country like Libya how are
you going to decide whether somebody's
an economic migrant or an asylum seeker
in a country like Libya how are you
going to do that for a reality check if
I could kindly just answer you a
question that you previously asked
rather than the one you second just
aspect that - I mean I think the point
is that one we mean for the
disembarkation to be within the European
Union there are already detention
centers in Libya and they are not pretty
places are they go into one next Tuesday
with the Director General of Iowa the
detention centers in Libya and they're
not happy places and that is absolutely
what we are seeking to avoid we're
seeking to ensure that whatever
is disembarkation so-called a setup that
they have the full protection of the UN
systems the UNHCR and I went there as
eyes and ears to make sure they do not
become as I said and probably write it
at the ha I've visited I've visited
detention centers in Libya last month
and the IOM were there but these
detention centers were abominable and
these detention centers need to close so
what I'm saying to you and UNHCR
workable - to decide on in Africa I do
want to put one point low - Julia lagana
Julia do you understand the fears in
Europe combined with the reality we now
have jean-claude juncker the EU
Commission boss saying there are
divisions in Europe and they're getting
bigger one third of the Italian
electorate do not want any more migrants
on Italian soil at all and their logic I
guess would be the hurt builders logic
which is you don't go to bed upstairs
and leave your front door open because
if you do when you come down in the
morning your TV your video and your
credit cards are gone so there is this
fear that European politicians have to
be seen to react to or educate the
people of Europe how does that happen
well I just thought to quickly point out
that the the protection rates for people
arriving in Italy from from Libya
currently about 40% overall so I
wouldn't say that 90% of those are over
you know migrants and I would also point
out that you know the conditions in
Libya Bominable I think we will agree on
that but that even if unity our own IOM
were in charge of those offshore centers
member states will still not take these
people in because they're still sending
their experts to UNHCR facilities to
screen them afterwards so if there's no
consensus within Europe on Asylum rules
I doubt there will be four camps
offshore and so on on your specific
question I think the key point is the
one that Claude was making I mean
unfortunately this hysteria has been
whipped up by political actors for their
own political gain and by and by the
media which is been largely complicit in
this and it is a textbook example of
that even if the numbers were higher in
the past in the last few years it is a
country of 60 million it has the
capacity to absorb those
and it has in the past when it had labor
migration skis the reason those people
are now arriving regularly is because
the jobs that they're actually filling
can't be filled unless they arrive the
way they're doing and go through the
abuse and Nubia that they're enduring so
I think it's quite useful if you and
others start referring to reality as
opposed to as quoted pointing out
chasing the far right and I think it's
indicative that we're seeing that shift
from a lot of political leaders and
that's why I said that possibly tonight
we will see a group of countries break
away from the sort of populist train and
try to set things on a course of
expanded cooperation or coalition's of
the Willing if you want to make the
system actually work I was quite
disappointed by President to a sixth
letter from the European Council to his
fellow leaders in which again he
referred to the waves of migrants and
the crisis that's engulfing Europe and
so on and I think that kind of language
is definitely not helpful called Maurice
in London do we need to picking up on
that point that Julia made there about
in the media is it a question of that we
have to have a root and branch reform of
the language and also when it comes to
the media the reporting of this it
occurs to me this is in part about
depiction and perception so if your
evening news bulletin is showing you
wave after wave picture after picture
report after report of thousands of
people flooding into Europe of course
there will then be a riding the wave on
the part of the right wing perhaps am i
right or am I wrong sure I mean there
are many great journalists I mean this
station is a good example of that you
cover this issue extremely well so let's
be clear about this it's about the
optics of the wider kind of social media
and journalism that is creating a new
situation and that situation is
happening when the numbers are going
down and this is why it is very
dangerous to jump into situations where
you are processing offshore in dangerous
countries I mean I was in Libya recently
and I saw it also push backs from
Algeria's or push backs even Tunisia and
I saw that in Agadez so I know what will
happen if this starts to to happen in
Africa you know economic migrants I
don't need a reality check about
I'm an immigrant and I know what will
happen with this processing and the EU
will then suffer a lot of values damage
because of it because it won't work it
will be a mess
and I think they're talking about coast
guards now as well which is really
worrying so I think yes the media and
all of the kind of optics make things
difficult but we have to look at the
world as it is and deal with it as it is
and if we don't fight back I really like
this point that was made by our guests
here that that a Coalition of the
Willing there are some Member States you
might break off and say Luke we need a
strong external border we need Claude
I'm going to interrupt you because we
argue lords the top of the hour so
forgive me for that I just want to take
that idea of the optics back to Julia
people are saying Julia if the reaction
that we get from politicians during this
two-day summit fails Schengen then fails
so the zone of free movement in effect
disintegrates there also then saying
there's a domino effect and the entire
EU fails is it that bad particularly if
you overlay that with the quotes
political crisis that's facing Angler
Merkel potentially it is but in actual
fact Schengen is already suspended I
mean that's one of the things about the
EU we keep talking about things that
could happen but actually already
happening
so Schengen suspended in between 9
member states right now the Italian
border with France is effectively sealed
as is the border with Austria and that's
why people the trap in Italy and that's
why the resentment is building up in
Italy so I think the approach from from
pragmatist like Chancellor Merkel right
now is to go beyond through the rhetoric
and the grandstanding and the grand
statements about the future of Europe
and its basis and really work on
practical solutions so that we can
actually enjoy free movement in Europe
and bilateral trilateral agreements the
ones that that todos referring to you
probably one of the instruments that
will be used to achieve that and yes we
all have multiple tires of European
cooperation but that's already a fact we
have the eurozone we have Shengo we have
various arrangements which don't include
all member states so I think if it works
and if it is Shores humane policies for
the migrants and policies that respond
to voters needs as well then
I think we should welcome it clearly
Leonard Doyle in Geneva it's on the one
hand you close borders you you put
everyone on that bus towards fortress
Europe or you share the problem Angela
Merkel surely is the only European
politician who thinks she can con join
those two ideas successfully because
everyone is saying something else all
the agencies are saying something else
as well
Commission that there has to be a
managed process for migration into
Europe and you simply cannot have on the
television screens large vessels
floating around pregnant women and
distressed people have been fished out
of the water
that isn't helping anything and that
certainly is in the managed process and
it seems to me that that's what's
happening now there's an attempt for
probably by the far-right or not to get
a managed process out of it and some of
the ideas as it's been pointed out in
this show are not flyers and they're not
they're not necessarily good but it
shouldn't say that they shouldn't be
seeking a managed process at the end of
the day is the partnership with the
African Union and the European Union and
for that matter with Iowan which has led
to 30,000 detained Africans primarily
from Libyan detention centres going home
in the last seven months voluntarily
that's the sort of cooperation we need
with the African Union having a stake at
the table being engaged as a proper
partner and not having feeling that this
thing is going to be imposed on it
that's what we're advocating that try
wearing that it you dog
whatever they should be done with with
humanitarian concerns at the heart of
them Julia in Brussels in about 20
seconds if they don't come up with
something solid at their summit is there
a plan B I think there's a plan B from
certain governments and I think they'll
move ahead regardless of what the other
ones say and hopefully that Plan B will
envisage at some point in the next year
other issues like the comprehensive
management of migration and not just a
xylem and and the small number of asylum
seekers coming to Europe because the big
elephant in the room continues to be the
economic migrants that Europe actually
needs and who will continue to arrive
regardless of how they arrive and they
should do so in conditions which do not
violate their human rights the clock has
beaten us as ever here on Inside Story
thanks to all our guests in Geneva
Leonard Doyle in Brussels Julie lagana
and in London Claude Morrison
you too for watching you can see the
program again anytime on the website
al-jazeera calm and for more discussion
check out our Facebook page facebook.com
forward slash AJ inside story you can
also join the conversation on Twitter at
AJ inside story or tweet me I'm at Peter
Dhabi one Elisabeth will keep you
company at the usual times tomorrow from
me Peter Dhabi and the entire team here
in Doha thanks for watching I will see
you very soon
you
you
