yelling into the hills for their missing
boys forefathers in the jungle above Tom
Dwan cave
pleading for their sons to come home but
the only reply they got was the whirring
of a blackhawk helicopter after a night
of heavy rain the skies cleared in the
afternoon allowing helicopters to resume
searching from the air frustrated with
the lack of information and progress
after five days the fathers went out on
their own checking in with the searchers
and looking for answers I want to ask
the governor how my boy is and all the
other kids where are they do they have
food and water that's all I want to know
the only thing I can do is just wait and
wait a group of rescue volunteers from
Bangkok will use a high-tech laser
scanner in an attempt to locate the boys
they plan to lower down a recently
located chimney that they hope leads
deep in the cave Mako's the scanner can
see through layers of ten meters and can
share a graphic of the cave if we drop
it in the cave we can see the shape of a
human more than a thousand people are
now involved in the search including
American troops and British diving
experts but with so many bodies and
organizations at the scene there are
also serious logistical challenges we're
deep in the hills that house this vast
cave network while some groups are using
high tech to assist in the search and
rescue operation some like these from
the Park Service are doing it the
old-fashioned way they're hiking through
these woods to link up with some rescue
officials deeper in the hills while the
searching continues in the water in the
air and the vast jungle families are
focused on staying strong because at
this stage that's one of few things they
have control over Scott hi there al
Jazeera Chiang Rai
