for the past 11 years this peacekeeping
mission in Darfur has seen both success
and bloodshed but the UN Security
Council is now looking to reduce boots
on the ground
it says the mission is too expensive the
focus too broad
at one point 16,000 blue helmets patrol
Sudan's most troubled areas but budget
cuts approved by the Security Council
has seen that number fall the latest
plan is for the number of troops to be
reduced by about half to roughly 4,000
and the police force by a quarter to
around 1,800 in 2003 the war in Darfur
began rebel groups accuse the Sudanese
government of oppression about 300,000
people died in the conflict with nearly
2.5 million displaced entire communities
now live in refugee camps a joint effort
between the UN and African Union the
younameit mission took over Darfur
peacekeeping in 2007 two years later
Sudan's President Omar al-bashir became
the first sitting president to be
invited by the International Criminal
Court accused of war crimes including
genocide I say to those victims and
their families who continue to long for
justice in Darfur do not despair and do
not abandon hope the downsizing plan
would limit the missions area of
operation to 13 sites around our four
Sibel mara the mountainous area where
there's been intense fighting there have
been reports of villages being set on
fire and people killed this despite a
ceasefire in place the UN accused the
Sudanese forces of intentionally
blocking them from monitoring some of
the worst affected areas but the
government insists the conflict and
Darfur is over and would like to see the
UN peacekeepers leave Sudan over the
next two years
katia lo puso de yong al Jazeera
