protesters began chanting outside the
court in Casablanca as soon as the
verdict was announced angered by the
jailing of Nassif Saffy and 52 others as
if Saffy is the activist who led
protests over economic and social issues
in the reef region of northern Morocco
he was sentenced to 20 years in prison
today's verdict is a test for the
Moroccan government and the record the
respect and commitment to international
law and human rights
even its respect to the Constitution
itself judges in Casablanca sentenced
dozens of activists all part of a
movement known as Hidaka shobbie an
arabic for popular movement to jail
Turner's supporters marched in
solidarity with those they say are
wrongfully imprisoned it is a disgrace
that they sentenced them this way why
not go after the thieves in this country
why not go after the criminals Nasser
deserves a fee was arrested in May last
year and charged with among other things
threatening national unity tensions have
been simmering in Morocco especially in
the north since October 2016 when a man
was crushed to death in a garbage truck
while trying to salvage fish which had
been confiscated by police since the
death of Western figgity thousands have
taken part in anti-government protests
in the reef region they say they've long
been marginalised and are demanding
better access to health services and
jobs while the government accused some
of the activists in the reef region of
being separatists the Haddad movement
insists its demands to end injustice
oppression and corruption are legitimate
mohammed abdullah manages either
