in the southern Yemeni port city of Hoda
hundreds of desperate people wait in
line for a handout food cash assistance
the healthcare is eight million people
rely on the food that comes through the
port the offensive by Saudi and Emirati
backed government forces is hurting them
already shops bakeries and restaurants
are closed and grocery shelves remain
bare where available price of wheat and
vegetable oil have increased by about
thirty percent while prices of cooking
gas increased by 52 percent in the last
week the UN says most areas of the city
don't have electricity or water it warns
that any sanitation problems could
trigger another cholera outbreak
hundreds of thousands have been infected
by cholera and diphtheria since the war
began four years ago ten thousand people
have been killed and three million of
Yemen's 28 million people have been
forced to leave their homes there are
13,000 974 internally displaced families
inside the province of Hoda the
humanitarian organizations efforts only
meet 10% of what's necessary at the CM
and aid organizations meeting in Paris
some participants wonder how the West
claims to be worried about the plight of
Yemenis but continues to sell arms to
the Saudis and Emiratis it's extremely
complicated to discuss the humanitarian
situation in peace process while bombs
are being randomly dropped on civilians
heads as fighting continues in Yemen the
UN's envoy remains hopeful that a
political solution can be found Houthi
rebels say they're willing to hand over
management of Ho dataport to the UN but
the Emiratis demand that Houthi fighters
leave the city altogether as a
precondition for any peace deal
in the meantime the prognosis for the
southern port city of HO data is not
good for centuries Yemen was known as
the Arabian Peninsula's most fertile
land it was often called the Arabian
Feliks flattened for happy or fortunate
now Yemenis find themselves in what the
UN calls the world's worst humanitarian
crisis
Paul Chatterjee on al Jazeera
