Anthony Kennedy spent 30 years as a US
Supreme Court justice he may have been
appointed by a conservative president
but he was often the crucial swing vote
on controversial issues abortion was won
in 1990 he rejected a law which insisted
parents had to be notified if a minor
was seeking an abortion and he supported
gay rights writing the majority opinion
on all four of the Court's landmark
rulings on the issue including the
constitutional right to same-sex
marriage his retirement had been
predicted he informed the President on
Wednesday and though Donald Trump gets
to nominate a new Supreme Court justice
his second in less than two years and we
will begin our search for a new Justice
of the United States Supreme Court that
will begin immediately and hopefully
we're going to pick somebody who will be
as outstanding the Supreme Court was an
important election issue for Donald
Trump many conservative Christians threw
their support behind him hoping he would
change the makeup of the nine person
bench when given the opportunity Barack
Obama had a vacancy to fill in his final
months in the White House but
Republicans blocked him repeatedly
though the top Republican in the Senate
which confirms any appointment has asked
Democrats to plea fear it's imperative
that the president's nominee be
considered fairly and not subjected to
personal attacks three months of taking
office Donald Trump appointed Neel
Gorsuch a conservative favorite now he
gets a second pick which could cement
the conservative majority on the court
for years to come civil rights criminal
justice everything is on the line with
this new justice being appointed Kennedy
was the second oldest justice on the
court the oldest is Ruth Bader Ginsburg
considered to be a reliable liberal vote
it's no belief she's less likely to
stand down ahead of the next
presidential election giving Donald
Trump a third Supreme Court pick Allen
Fisher al Jazeera Washington
