all these people are about to find out
that the chance of getting to the rich
countries of Western Europe is vanishing
over the horizon never mind if you're
from Baghdad or Erbil and have taken
your children overland for months
compassion is in short supply but this
centre in Montenegro they can come and
go as they please not much choice then
but to keep moving we go today but today
you're going to try to go to Bosnia it's
really difficult the border between
Albania and Montenegro is fearsome and
it's a crucial part of the new Balkan
route smugglers guide refugees and
migrants through these high hills the
police who didn't want to be identified
said they'd caught 17 people on the
morning we were filming sliding down the
side of the rocks separating the two
countries clearly the numbers of
refugees and migrants trying this new
Balkan route aren't anything like the
same as the old one but there is a
principle which is the same and that's
country after country simply allowing
them to slip through and make them
somebody else's problem and that's put
Montenegro in a situation whereas having
to answer to Austria and Germany about
what it's doing to stop them and at
least one solution being promoted is the
idea of building yet another fence this
time between Albania and Montenegro the
Montenegrin government has apparently
been advised on how to make a fence by
Hungary which in 2015 decided to set its
own agenda on the crisis the European
Union once so critical is now adopting
similar strategies across the block and
so it isn't hard to find politicians in
Montenegro enthusiastic about the fence
it's a new very big route and because
that absolutely understand concerns of
the government should in Croatia
Slovenia Austria Germany but do you know
what's problem in Montenegro which is
first most important part of this route
nobody discussed about it no discussion
the Parliament no discussion in the
media first statement about this issue
was mine
so you think building a fence is a good
starting of course Austria claims there
are 80,000 people across the Balkans
attempting this route it Italy and part
of the German governments are now
driving a raft of measures at this
summit either to prevent new arrivals or
expel people more quickly to prevent
what they call an invasion it's the
opposite of what the United Nations
wants Montenegro to do don't panic
that's that's exactly the message of of
UNHCR since the establishment of the
asylum system Montenegro back in 2016
- now 60 were the person that were
granted for resign so it's far from an
invasion he's our number that Montenegro
has the capacity to absorb one European
plan on the discussion is to hold and
process migrants in Albania before they
get anywhere near EU territory both
Albania and Montenegro approving
increasingly important to enforce the
new hostile environments in Western
Europe
Lawrence Lee al-jazeera on the Albania
Montenegro boredom
