as a business Oba is a global disrupter
turning the traditional taxi profession
upside down and provoking protests bans
and restrictions as it does it the
company is now valued at more than
seventy billion dollars and after
starting with just 300 UK drivers in
2012 now has 60,000 UK drivers 45,000 of
them in London but it's had a
confrontational relationship with the
London regulator TfL the company boss
Tom Elvidge admitted that previous
correspondence for example the regulator
had been inaccurate incomplete and
inadequate and they accepted that the
reporting of crime for example was not
what it should be that said the judge
despite acknowledging a gung-ho approach
by the company in the past was willing
to give it the benefit of the doubt and
granted a 15 month probationary licence
under the strict supervision of TfL uber
insisted that since last year there have
been wholesale change in the way it now
conducts his business
it was now transparent and open with
ubers UK boss Tom Elvidge declined to be
open with the media afterwards instead
in just a brief written statement we are
pleased with today's decision we will
continue to work with TfL to address
their concerns and earn their trust
while providing the best possible
service for our customers but the body
representing London's traditional black
cabs is not happy at all they've
admitted a catalogue of errors the
treatment of TfL is a regulator and by
Selina magistrate I said I'll well as
long as you've apologized and
everything's gonna be good from now on
we can move forward I mean this decision
was an absolute disgrace and one former
uber driver says TfL now needs to prove
itself to TfL only tackled uber at the
end of a five-year licence term why was
tearful not on top of this throughout
the license term that's the question we
need to be asked now is that has TfL
changed as well is it capable of
managing uber uber is on probation will
it now play fair or take TfL for a ride
all Brennan
al Jazeera Westminster magistrates
