on an early summer's day at dirting
looks like a picture postcard the town
has been a place of pilgrimage for more
than 500 years
it's the CSU's heartland a formidable
conservative election winning party
machine for five decades but the recent
influx of refugees has changed things
the rise of the anti-immigrant AFD has
seen a CSU move further to the right
fearful of losing votes in this
October's state election another good is
about to unsought us overall it would be
good if there were European solutions
however no European solution was
achieved in three years and I believe
it's important to send a clear signal
that we too can reach European measures
which are everyday practice in other
countries that is code for more of this
police controls along the border with
Austria officially removed more than 20
years ago but temporarily re-established
once the flow of migrants and refugees
into Germany began growing if the CSU
has its way then scenes like these will
become commonplace not just in Bavaria
but also across many of Germany's other
borders something Angela Merkel and the
EU institutions strongly oppose because
of their commitment to the Schengen
border free area but the CSU's proposals
don't stop are just policing borders
asylum seekers would be prevented from
working and receiving benefits a violent
applicant would be jailed alongside
criminals then deported such moves go
way beyond what Chancellor Merkel has
proposed the price for not toppling her
coalition in a dirting many people agree
with them Merkel invited them all now
she can't handle it see the other
European countries don't want to play
along either they have had enough we are
a Christian country and we want to stay
like that in 250 years you will barely
find a German he's right to be humane
but at some point we have to protect
ourselves it doesn't work anymore it's
not about racism or xenophobia but at
some point we have reached the point
where we have to say me first
our country then the others at a
statewide level there are some voicing
opposition to the CSU's plans the Bible
Shabbat shots when Milione and from
Alberts
the Bavarian economy and millions of
jobs in our companies depend on a united
Europe with open borders new border
controls turnstiles fences and walls
simply question our prosperity they
question our strengths this is
irresponsible and it also questions the
Bavarian identity privately some in the
CSU like to think that theirs is the
most influential party in Germany and
with their deadline to Angela Merkel
drawing ever closer perhaps right now
they're the most influential party in
Europe dominic came al-jazeera in
Bavaria
