Facebook on the defensive again it now
says no European uses data was shared in
the privacy scandal which is the reverse
of what it said before so by the flip
and will it change anyone's mind this is
inside story
hello and welcome to the program
I'm Peter Dhabi now Facebook says no
European uses information may have been
shared with the UK firm at the centre of
the privacy scandal after all but at
their hearing the social media networks
executives said they still had to
conduct an internal audit to confirm
that Facebook had previously said data
from up to 2.7 million
EU users had been improperly shared with
Cambridge analytic ah that's the firm
reportedly hired to influence Britain's
brexit referendum and the u.s. election
campaign that saw Donald Trump getting
into the White House the Facebook
founder Mark Zuckerberg has apologized
and pledged to apply new European data
protection rules globally but has that
happened yet well that's the key
question for our guest in just a moment
before we get to their discussion
here's a reminder of how the Facebook
scandal unfolded on March the 17th
millions of Facebook users woke up to
the news that their personal information
had been acquired by the data company
Cambridge analytic ah the revelations
coming from the co-founder of the
uk-based company a man called
Christopher Wiley the data was
reportedly sold to Cambridge analytical
and used for political purposes linked
the 2016 US presidential election
campaign and also the brexit campaign
the company said the data was destroyed
in 2015 but there were reports not all
of it was actually deleted Facebook then
confirmed that up to 87 million users
details may have been improperly shared
it all goes back to 2014 when 270
thousand users took an online
personality survey via a third-party
quiz this gave access not only to their
Facebook information but to that of
their friends facebook says it was a
violation of company policy okay let's
get going let's bring in our guests
joining us here on inside story from
Palo Alto California on skype is Larry
Majeed CEO of connect safely org that's
an Internet safety and privacy and
security organization in London NIST
ancestry senior lecturer in the
Department of Informatics at King's
College London and joining us from
Brussels on skype
even
keilly a member of the European
Parliament and the chair of the
Parliament Science and Technology
options Assessment a warm welcome to you
all
let's just talk to you first miss
ancestry in London what does this mean
for the people who thought their data
had been accessed well it basically
means that their their details have not
been revealed to some rogue company so
it's good news for these people but it's
not so good news still for the US
citizens and others whose data has been
leaked to Cambridge Latika and Larry
Majeed in California does this mean that
people trust Facebook less or more than
they did back in May when the scandal
broke I doubt if it has much impact on
people's trust of Facebook and as it was
said it's good that Europe may not have
been impacted and the way the US was but
it's still a big issue in the US and I
must say that the victim they're not
just those whose information was taken
but everybody who believes in democracy
whose vote may not have been counted in
the way or maybe it was counted but who
met whose election outcomes may have
been influenced as a result of this and
other campaigns IVA Kylie in Brussels
the scope of the gdpr does that go far
enough because that basically means that
people that you click on I accept with
they have to tell you they have to
confess and say no your information will
or will not go to other people first let
me say that at least gdpr arrived maybe
but it's there and it can create some
global standards on how we treat data so
this means people citizens have now the
option to control their data they can
take them away they can ask for
transparency with what is happening with
their data and basically they can choose
if they should deny or allow access to
this data so I think giving them back
control is the first thing that happened
but because innovation is happening
really fast I still believe
improve typically I'll to add more
requirements more options to the
citizens to be able to understand who
the third parties are who you're sharing
your data with and to explain of course
the consequences in holding that even a
grandparent will understand that they
are familiar no technology will use
Facebook but they can understand the
small letters and they don't know
exactly what the data are being their
help and how they can be misused so we
want to improve that we have more
legislation coming but I think the main
principles are set out with gbbr okay
Larry Majeed back in California but
Facebook is promising an internal audit
what are the key questions for you that
it has to address well I think the main
question is are there systems in place
today that could prevent this type of
thing from happening again
have they a tightened up sufficiently
the access that their third-party
developers have to the data and also
have they increased their own
surveillance techniques and advice
surveillance I don't mean spying on
people but the ability to surveil the
apps that they know that these things
can't happen again so they have to have
very robust systems with their software
and their servers to prevent these types
of things from happening in the future
aniss ancestry in London I mean people
users and politicians they were
frustrated I guess by the reality of the
revelations but also by Facebook's
reaction to other people's reaction to
the revelation surely yeah so I guess
the part of the predicament is that we
have all started to use Facebook in such
December in such deep ways in our daily
lives that we feel as if we are betrayed
by these kind of revelations that
somebody that you trusted with sort of
the basic bits of your life has now
given away that data to someone else now
so it should be made clear that Facebook
has been tightening up
and has cleaned up after itself in quite
significant ways but it still feels as
though they could be doing a little bit
more it also feels like they have
already given away some amount of data
and that's part of the frustration and I
think this is this is also in some ways
normal in the sense that the technology
is evolving very fast as as I was saying
and in many of the tech companies are
putting up new functionalities before
completely realizing what the
consequences of these are and so it's
it's a consequences of the evolving
landscape that we have here eva is that
part of the problem in your last answer
you were talking about more legislation
still to come but unless the legislation
chimes perfectly with where the
technology is going people like yourself
the European MEP is you're always going
to be playing catch-up well that's true
because you know patient cannot follow
the rules innovation takes place by
thinking out of the box so we have to
move fast but we cannot move faster
because then we could block innovation
what I can say is that you know there
not to happen again we have to make sure
that people understand their perception
can be manipulated by the newsfeed so
this is not about fake news it's about
the content that you see so if you see a
lot of happy content called scary
content this could change your mood this
could affect your options and your
choices unless you educate people to
understand what they are seeing and make
sure that by default the newsfeed is not
being manipulated in order to target
specific advertisement that takes
advantage of your religion or your
political beliefs or your sex
orientation that sexual orientation then
I I think we're gonna still be left
behind because we haven't understood
exactly identified the main problem
which was the manipulation of the
perception to create uncertainty and
need people to hold with a different
understanding of the world or a
different list of some other people so
they they see a different content and I
think that's why I mentioned we should
move
we should understand the technology and
try to set up the right principles there
in order to be full control to the
citizens and allow them to use the
applications but not already use their
data to make profits and them and then
this could lead to discrimination this
could lead to any kind of consequences
that we as politicians have to protect
them from Larry Majeed in California it
would appear to me that these 2.7
million Europeans are safe they are home
and dry when it comes to their data what
they will how they will react to say
advertising how they will react to echo
chamber conversations but that's just
2.7 million Europeans there are surely
other Europeans who were in the United
States say when this was all going on so
how do you come up with global
legislation such as the legislation that
IVA is involved with to make everyone
that uses Facebook as safe as these 2.7
million Europeans well first of all I
want to make a general comment about
legislation I certainly agree with the
conduct common even made about
principles but it's very difficult for
regulators to micromanage companies what
we need are principles that can last for
potentially decades about privacy and
security that are independent of the
specific technologies because
technologies will change very quickly
but general principles can can last for
a long time as per global regulations
well the good news is that the GDP are
even though it only affects Europe
actually is having an impact globally
because some of these companies at least
are trying to apply GDP are on an
international level because it's
actually easier for them to have one set
of rules for the entire population than
to have to break it down country by
country and the same is true for example
with the Children's Online Privacy
Protection Act in the United States it
doesn't affect directly any other
country but most of the Internet service
providers have complied complied with it
globally so I think that we're all
benefitting through gdpr but having said
that I know there will continue to be
discussions in Washington about ways the
US can tighten our prime
see laws that's inevitable I think Mark
Zuckerberg realizes it his goal I think
is to try to make it so it it doesn't
hurt his business but they all know it's
coming and I think Europe set the pace
about the entire world miss Anthony it
may sound like a slightly idiotic
question but is there anything that one
can do to make oneself safer here mean
when this scandal broke 1.8 million
Australians deleted their accounts but
off the back of that we discovered that
66% of Facebook users don't know how to
set their privacy settings and if you
look at the Facebook screen even if you
want to log off your account
eva's nodding she's already gone through
the same process if you want to log off
your account you have to go to that
small triangle top right hand side and
if you're on your iPad or your iPhone
it's difficult so you maybe still leave
yourself logged in even more and at the
end of the day Mark Zuckerberg surely
innocent wants you to be logged in for
as long as possible because Facebook is
a multi-billion dollar company and he
wants to monetize you a user as a
resource
sure I mean so just to the last point
about as being the product that is
certainly the case today and with
legislation such as gdpr and other
things that that proposition is sort of
drying up a little bit right so it's a
it presumably in the near future we're
gonna start seeing new business models
for new Internet companies or even for
old internet companies to reinvent
themselves such that we are not the
product but rather the service they're
offering is the product as it should be
but going back again to what you are
saying yes it is extremely difficult
today for even a well-informed user so
one of the things that I've been trying
to do since gdpr is every new website
that I visit I make sure to see what
their policy is and what kind of cookies
are they storing on me and so forth so
this is information that I could have
figured out before but was not so easy
to figure out before and now a new sort
of a pop-up comes up for me that says
are you okay that I'm collecting
such-and-such cookies and I go through
and figure out what the cookies are and
it is a tedious process it's actually a
doing my work because I'm no longer able
to browse in the same way same seamless
way that I used to before right so even
with things like consent that doesn't
necessarily go far enough in preserving
the same kind of browsing experience
that we used to have before and and
again so this is this is because of the
advertising based business model that we
have and it's also because with social
platforms it becomes even more difficult
to think about what does privacy mean so
if I give access to the entire world to
see a photograph of me and my friends
would my friends who happen to be in the
picture be ok with that how do they
prevent that from happening if they're
not ok with that so this these are
difficult thorny questions and somehow
Zuckerberg and Co have to figure out
ways around this and they are they are
going forward but not not quickly enough
ok IVA Kylie in Brussels
I mean still surely it's the case
Facebook doesn't seem to want to admit
or concede what it actually is it's not
some some organization at the vanguard
of freedom is it a news organization is
that a broadcaster is it I've used the
phrase before on the show an echo
chamber for people's your friends
opinions and you know other broadcasters
other publishers are monitored people do
monitor them because they've got to
because there are legal issues to do
with that and yet Facebook wants to
still be above all that perhaps well for
social platforms and their
responsibilities to businesses
especially is now here in the European
Union so I'm gonna work on this file and
I will try to make sure that our at
least citizens are safe and they
understand how these platforms use their
data but also businesses to be able to
use the applications but with clear
rules and that's one thing gdpr was
important because as you mentioned these
cannot fix the old definitions what what
Facebook and other platforms are in
something
I would like the world and consisted of
different services actually and we have
to adapt our legislation to what they
offer so mainly as I said we have to
make sure that it grants not threaten
the explenation is as easy for everyone
to understand as it could be for
somebody that uses for the first time
they will like so we have to make sure
that it's clear and that you have many
options so to be able to say yes I want
to use this application I can use the
minimum of it because I want to use it
but the rest of my data either I share
with you because I know you're gonna use
it or good for science or hands or I'm
gonna send them to you but no you may
not and access without my knowledge and
my control and also to be able to deny
access to third parties because your
insurance company and if you go to
search a chronic disease maybe you're
excluded and suddenly even why it be
discriminated and you don't even know
why so basically we have to establish
specific rules of which kind of data and
are sensitive and private and should not
be news and then to give more options to
the citizens so are the platforms the
platforms are ready to follow the rules
once we are sure and certain that we
will ask them to so for me I really
don't have a lot of work to do and since
there are no borders on the internet
like we saw with gbbr if you want to
work in Europe and most of the big
companies actually do want to offer the
services here they have to comply we
have the right to be forgotten and we
have the right information we have the
right to privacy and we have to find
this new balance between the rights that
we have so it's an ongoing process but
mainly we have to learn from what
happened and make sure that people we
will not be manipulated especially in
sensitive issues like political
decisions and we initially understood
understood
I just want to boil that point down for
a second and put that too lairy Majeed
in California Larry clearly the essence
of what we're discussing here when it
comes to these 2.7 million people in
Europe is pushback but how do you strike
the balance I mean it is faintly
ridiculous because for example the
Chicago Tribune
website a perfectly reputable newspaper
website you can't see it in Europe then
you put up a VPN and you can see it in
Europe I mean how does that work well
first of all I got on the Facebook
safety advisory board for a number of
years or so far and these conversations
come up all the time and I just want to
make it clear that often it's nuanced
for example I agree that there should be
a lot of privacy controls but the more
privacy controls you add the more
complicated they become so there's a
trade-off between simplicity and control
and I'm not suggesting that Facebook
couldn't do a better job I know they
could but but these are things at
Facebook and their advisors have been
struggling with for years I also want to
point out that consumer education is
critical you can have the safest
platform in the world but if people
aren't using it in a safe way then their
information is going to be getting into
the wrong hands
because ultimately social media is about
sharing and the question isn't whether
we share our information I wouldn't have
any use for Facebook if I weren't using
it to reach out to my friends and share
information the question is how do we
keep control over our information yet
still have the ability to share it and
with that freedom to share means we have
the freedom to go too far if we're not
careful so it's a it's a balance the
government has a role obviously industry
has a role but the rest of us have a
role and that's where I think consumer
education is so important this enth in
London using social media and trusting
it without question of those days now
gone I think you'll find that there are
people who have very very different
conceptions of what privacy means and
what privacy means to them there are
still a number of people who don't care
that much about their privacy oftentimes
the argument that you hear being made is
I don't have anything to hide so why do
I need to care about privacy there are
others who are privacy extremists and
who might you know go to great lengths
to keep themselves private from from
from these big huge companies right so
given the spectrum of different kinds of
users that there are there's not going
to be a single right balance
and which is why you need users to have
more control over exactly how their data
is being stored and what are the
services that are being offered in
return for or in exchange for a certain
lack of privacy the fact that a website
can be can be tailored to your needs can
be tailored to the way you want it to
look and the functionality that you want
it to be there is necessarily intense a
loss of privacy the website needs to
know a bit more about you and login
details and so forth so but maybe others
don't actually want that they could have
a much more generic looking website
without actually having to login and so
this this is the kind of balance where
users need to exercise control but on
the other hand if you give too much
control as the previous speaker was
saying it could end up being decision
fatigue if each website as I am doing
now if each website I need to go in and
look and see what cookies are there what
quick cookies do I need to allow what am
i comfortable with doing that actually
is a huge mental and cognitive load
which takes away from the rich
experience that we get from browsing the
internet and from getting all the
information that you've been getting and
the way our lives have been transformed
so it's a very very delicate line and I
don't envy the job that the legislators
have whether in Europe or outside but
it's it's something where we need to
think beyond these knee-jerk reactions
200km general attica happens so how do
we prevent that from happening
sure k.michelle urtica is not gonna
happen yet again something else is gonna
happen so you need to come up with
broader principles broader further
things which which last the test of time
and work for all these different people
and there are different conceptions of
privacy and their different needs even
in the context of that decision fatigue
that nisith is talking about they're out
of London is what is what we're seeing a
birthing pain for Facebook and if
Facebook is reinventing itself can it
reinvent itself with Mark Zuckerberg at
the top well basically as I said when
you have the principles then they saw
that they will follow these principles
once we have them up there and
on what we ask and let me say also that
we are these days voting also for
copyrights this means there will be an
obligation for the big platforms on like
YouTube to pay the users of the content
or the copyrights in a more direct and
transparent way so also the journalists
whoever provides content so we are
slowly slowly building up a very
concrete installation based on
principles that will allow freedom of
thing okay Eva I'm going to interrupt
you there which I apologize last word to
Larry in California
clearly Larry this is the starting point
for where social media is going what's
the end point that we're going to get to
well ideally the end point you that
people are gonna feel comfortable like
they get control their own social media
they have complete transparency of where
their data Eve and who have access to it
and they can enjoy sharing with the
education and the knowledge that they
need to limit what they share if they
want privacy but at the same time they
can take advantage of all the great
features that social media offers okay
thank you all very much for your time
today here on Inside Story thanks to our
guests Larry Majeed in California
innocence a story who joined us from
London and Eva Kiley who joined us out
of Brussels and thank you to you too for
watching the program over the past half
hour you can see the show again anytime
on the web site aljazeera.com and for
further discussion to check out our
Facebook page that's facebook.com
forward slash AJ Inside Story you can
also join the conversation on twitter
our handle is @h a inside story or tweet
me i'll tweet you back i'm pat peter
dobby one from me Peter Dhabi and
everyone on the team here in Doha thanks
for watching we'll see you soon
you
you
