they call themselves the stolen babies
association each of them horribly
scarred by the loss of their newborn and
each of them could tell an
all-too-familiar story my baby was with
me for the first day I fed her she was
fine then they took her away to wash her
but they didn't bring her back three
days later they told me she was dead
they'd gathered outside the municipal
courthouse in Madrid but they would Dena
made a confrontation with the
gynecologist standing trial accused in
court of abduction and illegal adoption
of an infant half a century ago 85
year-old Eduardo Vela is accused of
abduction and the illegal adoption of an
infant half a century ago he's the first
person to appear in court charged with
involvement in a secret practice that
saw hundreds of thousands of babies
stolen and was sold under the
dictatorship of General Franco in Spain
there was a mafia type network of baby
buying right up to the early 90s when
democracy was already well-established
and it dates back to the 50s under the
Franco dictatorship they took newborns
from their mothers who had just given
birth and sold them for the equivalent
for 300 euros in the 50s to 6000 euros
in the 1990s many of the babies were
from single mothers and they were placed
with families that supported the Franco
regime
in esmad a gal who brought the case to
court says for 60 years Spain was the
baby supermarket for Europe and South
America
she's now 49 and has been searching for
her real mother all her life the trial
is only due to last two days and
Madrigal says it's unlikely to provide
her with the answers she's been looking
for but more importantly she says it
offers the potential for similar actions
the thousands of cases to be reopened
Peter sharp al Jazeera
