my name is Pietro stefanini
and this is my job it may have begun at
the City University of London hearing
the words apartheid colonisation
oppression
it may have begun with my readings and
study of the Palestinian struggle words
from Shama about their dispossession and
loss but my journey actually begins with
Ackman's it is ahmed towards the hit
home in cafe mocha version of ahora un
banging hey attorney I have a Honda and
Yamaha here in English mr. beddini
another racing sir I know philosophy mr.
Anthony select the young
they throw back debug and I'm the latter
mom keep welcome nice to see you know
one of the blah welcome to Lebanon
shatranj about Don Keefer
I'm the line
people always ask you what are your
first impressions I don't know perhaps
I'm too nervous to take anything in it
is a place I would hurry to leave
electrical wires and rain mixing I
remember that had to make with meaning
Seraphina XIV Akshara yeah hello what
does the current person what bad man
what's a Helen Helen Helen baby Alan
 Saran she could be a bit had al
hamdulillah in hundred level Chaka Chaka
Bahia de menthe enemies o Allah hey
Sophia Sophia Haji Baba Kamali polymer
from it nickel an interminable nam row
can never hide anything
come on get now type in Nabila alaikum
assalam
some words not all words and then has
Ducati
will miss - forbidden a fi fo well
nothing in this model about Malik wanted
kun here has dinner Anna horn with
hockey on the way is Palestine
what is it Palestine oberoth Palestine
this is good point
hmm she's telling me that some some
people okay British people some of them
maybe they afraid to send their children
or them to live at home my parents my
girlfriend yeah
she's scared of it yeah the family stay
long enough to make me feel welcome
it is a small place to have us home but
it is a home and hajjabdullah insists to
give me his room to sleep in I know
what's on land
lots of people coming in and out of the
house must have seen at least 30
different people normal evening for them
although when you start kind of zooming
zooming out and thinking where I am in a
refugee camp with with hide shows who's
been been here for 70 years and and he's
been a refugee almost all his life kind
of feels feel strange that that is so
permanent for him to be in a camp from
being a refugee
Denmark wanna be cool care can LGDs mo
Abdallah cuando para n√≥s a Yayoi Raynham
can Ezra pool
naw he envisioned ha ha
I'm a versatile Elena before same is
Raul un absol donate a cadaver scrubber
I'm not a goon Jacques por la nouvelle
Nasra Annabelle - mi nah know my birth
mom the enemy's raw marriage beer and he
assured balloon
and I'm about the curse chimney normally
cool robot
oh cool or hasar can hiya Matt oh you
have list here
janna 240 good luck and Apple had a
banner and after all at no camp in
Malaysia shuttle Medeiros yeah another
sorry we see a horrible Muhammad when
the helmet acetal onus off yeah Anna
Katniss a tumble Maha animation to fill
it no animal decoration to move ice in
my office no hoshi ha unlike the i've
been one sought up at the airport as he
brings me to the nursing home has
abdullah starts to tell me about his
escape from palestine when he was a boy
in the beginning of his life in the
diaspora here for a brief pause in time
the people of the Diaspora show me that
when they are together they can relive a
life taken from them so violently in
1948 around the others hajjabdullah
shares the rest of his story in an
autonomous aura
da da da da da da en de Picardie sheer
nervous / moosh Venezuela Druze optional
equipment illusion vadhaka
Hasegawa Jeremy set up a hot alien
gorilla an American English we mean
Elberton Georgia Georgia Hamra bazooka
hawala area FD - AHA mujadara meto
caronia evening food are delayed not
able make mallet oh la la voy a estar el
apoyo de nada our profession Britnie
Marcela
our dough admin well elegant baba is
ready
power is power
I have not read I not be traditional
Iranian a turn but the thief I'm latina
is rayon dr. king-hammond shall read 'no
enough in horror i listened to the
stories of Nakba the catastrophe told to
me by people who were children then and
have lived with their tragedy for 70
years gonna be singing ketchup doll and
his friends tell me the zionists coming
from europe committed these massacres
these indiscriminate killings of
innocent unarmed people not the native
jewish people who had lived side by side
with the muslims and christians for over
2,000 years
it was the Zionists who stole the
Palestinian homeland and made the people
of the Nakba homeless and then
and my rosin so Billy early the Hutt
that man in that little my breathe that
was a Palestine is Abu Nazir hi Nina
many now Sarah Palin abuse it out many
in a Sarah Palin on kula worthless
artists are Italian and niqab national
lick bar Karim Ethne never does he care
of it in the home yet despite their pain
there is a hope here that has grown in
depth and belief and strength every year
of the 70 years these people have held
it heard a mafia Vietnam follow steam
while Beth navarro module Anna
Jonnie Robin goodness Neelu talked to in
seven senate raj anjala cinema cleaner
jaffa lost in prison on love when most
of the viola had hung the key of return
symbolic I now realize of a sense of
purpose and belief we don't always have
is not good at endemic Vietnam then when
Hamid
an availability you polluted the P
message mmm
I leave the center humbled by the
suffering these people have endured and
continue to endure but also inspired by
their greater resilience blue line 14
prepare the food every day they sit and
eat as a family and this is when most
conversations happen this is their safe
place but you're doing a fried egg I put
it in and leave it there okay you're
like - I had mini an IRB throw you like
this on this time bacteria for the
screen
Keifer Hodja
hi Harry sha Allah and hi Geneva with
Hadji
now I am in the city hunting with her in
Bateman aha I'm acting in Haji here
hombre variety el-hadji ma'sha'allah
that Larina para ser ami de oliveira
mustard
will be my second night sleeping here
one moment is like a very happy intense
emotional moment then suddenly can be
just very depressing realizing where you
are the old people center felt like a
very unique experience to be with to
know maybe 20 30 old Palestinians
probably all or most of them who are in
Palestine before 1948 you get used to it
but you don't it's not a normal a normal
life for sure
yeah
ahmed was the one who challenged me to
come here I want to know about him I
want to see him in his world I know the
strength of a job Tala comes from his
childhood and then expulsion from
Palestine he knows what he's waiting for
why he endures what he does but I wonder
about the generation born in the camp
Ahmed shows me another is many skills
when insist on making me a coffee at his
local cafe he has studied to be a nurse
but it's not allowed to practice because
he is a Palestinian refugee his friends
he took them with hopes and dreams and
possibilities are also thwarted every
step because they are Palestinian
refugees I've made things now the
weddings inside the camera that is it's
only way to provide family in I've made
was fortunate to study many of his
friends did not have this chance
okay number two I wonder what the future
holds for this young man
how will they support family do they
dream of another life outside the camp
this reminds me of how easy it was for
myself for my good friend Jack to get a
job some things become possible for some
purely because of where they were born
Jack got a job working with
disadvantaged youth in London we were
laughing at a time when he told us
I am happy for Jack but right now
remembering our privilege hurts Ahmed
was prevented from realizing his dream
of Nursing but it has not stopped him
from volunteering his time with the
young people of his camp
he's making a real difference in the
life of these kids even while holding on
to such a disappointment in his own
to make me look at admin in a new light
ha ha I'll try
y'all come you teach me okay to go okay
you
back home life continues despite there
being no chance of getting a job
families still value education
I see the youngest generation now filled
with potential and brilliance
it is 6 a.m. in the time that lil Jana
hajjabdullah
great-granddaughter has to wake if she
is to try and reach the Unruh school on
time
I walk with her as she makes her way
through the camp to the place where the
bus will pick up this is education for
the children of the camp this is what
school means
I feel like we're standing in a war zone
as we wait for the bus that no one seems
to know how long it will be before it
comes
there is no sheltered bus stop or seat
for the children to sit on if their legs
are tired
there is no electronic board to let us
know when the next bus will arrive and
the only thing for sure is that there
will be more than six minutes between
buses I wonder if I would have had the
determination when I was eight years old
lack of schools and means of transport
is not the only threat to the young the
hanging cables is a constant danger and
according to an R on 50 in Bossier
Parish and camp have been electrocuted
so far 37 of these lost their lives
I wonder how many people this clinic
must provide for each child each mother
has a story that stretches over
countless shadows of despair war and
loss I want us face the realities of
dispossession and our refugees
I wanted to know if this is the only
clinic in the camp yes is it the only
honest and it's serving twenty thousand
people Syrians no yes oh yes yes I'll
see my future pops in here yes the
influx of Syrian refugees has doubled
the number of people the clinic must now
provide for the people with the least
have been the only ones opening the
doors to the needy the good news is that
hajjabdullah has just caught a cold and
will recover but good news is seldom
separated from bad here and hajjabdullah
learned some news he was
she follows us to Clovis now Michelle
first doctor Mahalo
horn buzzes Oh Sameer Josie can appear
entirely on the Bernard Amanda no Libya
hello Fionna and a horn and a boy on one
day Mohammed rule for a boy who are
under a la ventana Sevilla the Moyer
name it means tears I wonder how she
remains so strong her siblings killed in
a civil war and her mother killed by a
car at the entrance to the camp after
finishing her work as a cleaner
Oh lay upon men
hakuna mutata roncada and no masala
medium Alleluia it is new for had
attorney
Mnemosyne and Northam was sitting on him
attorney another solar Sheila so much
along Jennifer
it's hard for the parents to see their
children growing up here knowing as they
do that they will have to face a life
without any rights as a citizen up until
now I have seen on the surface how life
is tough for them but tonight for the
first time there is a tension in the
house that reveals to me something much
deeper
hello its me mr. Herman Surya muffin on
foot masala now Malik and physician
synonymous aside and high club
initially come on man see the car throw
it's not stable Oh Anna Tom Marie Murphy
meanie
mother Shogun ashen hair reduction see
in can a clip Nani wall incarnate rarely
nanny rabbit cave Hot Tamale Oh handy
and a city Murdock and I said to Murdock
comfortable hammered on a la colina yeah
- for usnea Rob will de nuit food - well
amount of thought Cerreta love dollar
said after Abdullah about mousse - ba CC
rattler - super has no one unless a
battle of the Lord has done for would've
asked about Mustapha layers lower
Lebanon hakuna foot not the one las
fallas Nene
my thicket food National Amaro almost -
Mahorn
you have money
magma started with foot mustache from a
mark my sorry moon Mara Hitler Mara
Hitler mustache from before - armas - ma
Nana mamama sorry leash like nick
palestro new year Lana Palestine a and
another Dilip none I love a death ever I
have not seen this hurt in Ahmed before
now I know to what depths of despair
existence in this camp can bring a man
the camp is no longer a story for me
pictures I can see in a book or
refracted to me from the TV screen from
which I'm removed and can remove myself
at any moment the camp is in me I wander
through the camp and look images
imprinted in me forever beneath the
deadly electrical wires cutting across
the skylines and enclosing the trailer
streets forcing life of the camp is real
and the kindness and generosity
welcoming
yeah as I was wondering one day I
remember my eye being caught by a house
in one dusty street of the camp it was
quite beautiful on the outside it was
called insane human rooms filled with
artistic projects in a way strangely at
odds with a stark and harsh reality of
the camp I wondered if this were some
museum some funded Art Center for the
privileged I learned from Namur the
chairman of inseong that this was
actually a drug rehabilitation center no
funding came to the center and it was
built upon the ruins of a prison a
remarkably small number of drug
offenders live in the community Namur
tells me but for them the center has
proved to be the way back to the
community for the young Palestinians
living in the camp there is more they
can do to resist a life of despair
in the midst of the crowded streets the
kids keep playing football Marhaba
ensuring their survival
what strikes me most is how out of the
darkness everyone I meet here is trying
to find hope
music nurtured by volunteer musicians is
bringing Beauty back to an ugly
existence
for a brief moment here these people
celebrating together are not refugees at
all but our equal citizens of the world
I feel so lucky to be witness to this
sample from our people from our camp for
you for your vision to our camp it's
very big for us Britannic man to come to
our camp you thank you very much thank
you my journey has been a journey of
self-discovery as I walk home with Ahmed
I realized how happy I am to be coming
to the door they're only six days ago I
approach to that preemption and
uncertainty I love drinking tea with the
family and helping Nabeel and 14 with
the food I love the sound of the
children and seeing them smile and laugh
I want to be their advocate I want to
make what difference I can want everyone
to feel what I felt and to see what I've
seen
one thing that they kept telling me is
that we are just we're just human like
everyone else and they just want to live
a normal life and they kept emphasizing
that you know the day they will return
one day and that will happen and so
although they feel that that there is a
huge injustice being committed against
them but they're still not to go vegan
giving up on seeking this their goal
which is to to go back to Palestine and
to live there it's it's such a
depressing situation you know you just
wonder how nurse we're gonna unravel it
it's like a great ball of string that's
got into such a mess
a human misery is just well I mean what
annoys me so much this base will be
ignored
yeah by international governments and
international opinion in this you know
it's very very hard to get an earring
for this subject one of the things I
wanted to ask from this meeting is if
this in this Parliament would be so
important if we could have perhaps a
debate on the issue of Palestinian
refugees if we could have the issue
being more at the forefront it would be
very important to to the people living
in the refugee camps in Lebanon and also
and especially as a British citizen they
reminded me that Britain has a special
responsibilities the two
parliamentarians Jenny Tong and Tommy
Shepherd were keen to listen to
hajjabdullah story and stories from the
camp but I realized how complicated the
Palestinian issue is whenever you meet
Palestinians in the camps or anywhere
else you always get positive messages
from them I mean they're always you know
arranging things doing things having
festivals carrying on making their lives
making their children the children are
educated magic and indicating that's a
wonderful thing they're very positive
very positive people actually we're not
going to let their culture time
unless Salim Akil mylakeland still there
yeah you know what Thank You Chacon
I'm not here yeah Wallander
Salem Salem Al Habib ah Salem baba mama
sue Collini Kirikiri salam alikoum knock
a lacuna I'm a lacuna happy happy unless
you're in a burger bro
oh my gosh girl and bye-bye you too
all right to me we have my number
it is the minister aware of families
like that of hajjabdullah Shikata from
Kecoughtan palestine who had driven from
their homes and prosperous farms seventy
years ago and have been living in camps
and temporary accommodation in Lebanon
since then and is he aware that the
Lebanese government continues to
restrict Palestinians right to work
prohibits them from owning property and
refuses access to health care and
education
leaving them dependent on Unruh who have
diminishing funds can he really be
content to let this continue for another
70 years or will the Palestinians be
allowed the right of return to their
homeland as prescribed in international
law
you
