for a third day hundreds of rescue
workers continue their search but still
no sign of the 12 players from the Moo
paw Academy football team and their 25
year old coach it's not the first time
that an outing and the Tomlin cave in
northern Chiang Rai province
they're not just teammates but good
friends - Keon cam Liu has been under
this tent since Saturday her 16 year old
son
pancha is missing he is one of the
oldest the youngest is 11 at least it's
not just my son I feel better that he is
not alone so now I need to be strong so
I can see his face again when he walks
out of the cave
Shin Wong adopted a done Centon when he
arrived from Myanmar at the age of two
he's now 14 and missing shin is hopeful
the boys will survive and says they work
well together
we have very strong I want to say they
have very strong yes this is the mouth
of the cave complex that runs some eight
kilometers deep into these hills right
along the border with Myanmar the bikes
from these twelve boys and their coach
are still here
just as they are left on Saturday a
small makeshift village has been created
for the rescue workers there are divers
cave climbers soldiers and forestry
service workers my name is our biggest
challenges in the rescue operation we
are trying to pump out the water so the
diving team can operate we need to
string more electricity in the cave to
run the pumice we are pumping three
kilometers in and we'll need more power
and more help keeps coming in the races
aren't to find the boys with rescuers
aware time is not on their side Scott hi
there al-jazeera Chiang Rai
