dode Hammad leaves his house at 4 a.m.
to commute to a job he never wanted he
has a degree in political science and
public administration from one of the
most prestigious universities in the
occupied territories yet 66 rejections
and 4 years later he's part of a
construction crew building a skyscraper
in Israel do you think about doing in
its wasted potential they used to tell
me it's a good major and a good
University it was all hot air what you
studied what you learned you feel like a
failure the students on this campus face
daunting odds of finding a job the
Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics
says the unemployment rate of young
people with a post high school degree is
55% if you're a woman it's even worse
72% a lack awareness has suffered
overwhelming frustration at being
unemployed for two years the 24 year old
college graduate once hoped to be a
journalist she worries without what's
called wasta or connections she'll never
be one currently I don't have Wow dreams
I want something simple anything that
makes me financially independent even my
dreams are no longer big the Minister of
Education cites many factors for the
high unemployment rate among Palestine's
most educated youth he says above all
the Israeli occupation limits
opportunities and people aren't being
steered into the vocational jobs that
are available there needs to be a change
there has to be an emphasis on technical
education on entrepreneurship and on
specific disciplines that are badly
needed in the Palestinian market the
curriculum is being adapted and the
Minister of Education says there's a
slow shift away from a mindset that only
jobs such as engineering and law are
suitable but graduates such as Hamad and
guarna expect a lifetime of crushed
hopes
if they stay in their homeland they're
among the 24% of Palestinian youth who
see emigration as their only viable exit
from a bleak future
Natasha guy named al Jazeera in the
occupied West Bank
