in the heart of Africa the Congo Basin
is home to the world's second largest
rain forest but a new investigation
accuses timber companies of endangering
its existence second insights to the
Amazon the Congolese rainforest is some
2 million square kilometres it covers
six countries including the Democratic
Republic of Congo where it's shrinking
the fastest the nonprofit Global Witness
says the DRC's biggest timber company
nor suit timber is illegally harvesting
trees at nearly 90% of its sites with
impunity north shoot timber which is
Portuguese owned denies is Congolese
subsidiary soda for is breaching its
contracts it says the accusations have
no basis it acknowledges some management
plans may not be in place but that it's
talking with the Ministry of Environment
about them Global Witness is also
accusing importers such as Portugal and
Friends of failing to take action there
are some plans in the books being
negotiated between France and Norway
which if approved would triple the area
log from 100,000 square kilometres to
300,000 square kilometers researchers
are trying to learn about the forests
unique ecosystem before it's too late
since one day for aq so these forests
are under pressure from humans so we
scientists want to categorize the fauna
the birds the ornithology of this forest
before it is destroyed scientists say
the Congo rainforest is a source of food
and water for tens of millions of people
it's also home to 600 types of trees and
10,000 animal species including
endangered ones they say these trees
produce oxygen and absorb carbon dioxide
but their ability to reduce greenhouse
gases and regulate the climate is
decreasing jenissi but example ability
Queen here for example the rainy season
normally starts in mid-august
but now sometimes it begins in July and
sometimes in September and when it comes
sometimes the water does not rise
steadily and then they suddenly recede
there's a disorder in the cycles despite
existing national and international law
is designed to protect rainforests
Global Witness says companies like
Northrop timber are endangering 75
million hectares of rainforest in the
DRC Global Witness demanding all those
involved from governments to importers
and buyers to stop being complicit in
the
action of DRC's tropical rainforests and
the impact that's having on the planet's
climate Paul Trudeau G on al Jazeera
