standing up against injustice that is
why they say they're here protesting
outside a detention center holding
undocumented migrants when a government
bus tries to leave they block it
demanding answers 2,000 migrant children
still separated from their detained
parents inside the bus are some children
a haunting image a reminder they are
humans and not numbers and they're the
most innocent these are all expressions
of our response our human response the
image was taken by Leo Lopez a doctor
from Texas who joined the protests to
say it was a moving experience was
really doesn't do justice to to the
emotional responses of seeing these kids
we've we've heard we've heard their
their situation and their story we've
read about them but to actually see
these children pressed up against the
glass lock eyes with these kids was
expression of emotions as a crisis on
the southern border of the u.s.
intensifies and government agencies
scrambled to undo a family separation
policy put into place and then reversed
by Trump protests grow in America a
vigil at the San Diego border a protest
at a tent city for migrants near El Paso
a sit-in in Seattle and protests in New
York and some are trying to take their
message straight to trump well there
have been protests in several cities
across America they're particularly
potent in small and medium sized cities
along the border because here it's an
issue that's urgent and it's real I
think this is an expression of of
compassion and take taken to the streets
in the name of justice in the name of
these these children is just that a
silhouette begging so many questions who
are they where are they going will they
ever see their parents again questions
nobody can seem to answer Gabriella's
ando al jazeera McAllen Texas
