24 hours after curfew was imposed cars
and homes and Plateau State are still
smoldering
the entire state is in more old fears of
violence and reprisals reignited we were
living in peace before this attack now
bodies Alisa our villages you can't even
get to your farm without being attacked
or killed many travelers are caught in
the middle as angry youths barricaded
roads singling out people they thought
could be linked to the attackers a
curfew was imposed but did little to
contain the anger or stop the thirst for
revenge can take place and people that
killed so many it's very the president
has said she's already in his statement
said that whatever it takes we must
ensure that we not only arrest and find
all of those who have done this very
heinous acts but they are seen to be
publicly these actions Plateau State has
always been a flashpoint an area where
the north meets the south of Nigeria
conflict between indigenous farmers and
semi-nomadic cattle herders are frequent
so also are ethnic and religious clashes
even so the recent violence by far is a
worse scene in the state in many years
President Muhammadu Buhari has promised
justice and called for calm but pressure
is mounting on the 75 year old as he
seeks re-election for another four-year
term next year how many trees al Jazeera
Abuja
