for six and a half years kim famiiy
caliber remained in prison for simply
calling for an opposition political
rally convicted of terrorism kim fair
was serving a 25-year jail term when the
reformist prime minister Abia hamid
pardoned him and thousands of other
political prisoners I was tortured day
and night the beating was constant
I lost hearing in my right ear the
doctors say there is no hope of recovery
weeks after being freed from prison
along with other former detainees and
activists Kim fair organized a rally to
support the new prime minister's reform
plan tens of thousands filled Maskull
square in the heart of the capital last
Saturday the size of the crowd alone
underlining that deep desire for change
after decades of all the Rotarians rule
in this country 100 million people the
Prime Minister had just finished
speaking at the political rally in the
square when what is thought to have been
a grenade was thrown killing three
people and injuring more than a hundred
others the Prime Minister's enemies are
not from far he needs to step up his
security and also reform the National
marriages and policies a Bahamut came
out of the blocks off first in his first
few weeks in office that few believed he
could maintain the pace if anything the
42 year old former Army officer has only
stepped it up in the two months or so
he's been in office he has overseen the
release of thousands of political
prisoners the lifting of a state of
emergency that was imposed to deal with
anti-government protests and also
announced an economic reform plan that
includes the sale of state companies not
everyone is happy with these changes
though analysts say the hints of this
content within the ruling coalition
whose 180 council members are far from
unanimously behind Rd we have a very
young population and this young
population is much better - better
enlightened more educated in better
connected than their parents
and this young people are demanding in
order to take part in the political
decision-making processes it's very
difficult to govern these young people
with their with the same way their
parents were governed hopeful that
nothing can stop the ongoing changes
opposition politicians are seizing the
moment by setting up political parties
in anticipation for what they hope will
be free and fair elections in 2020
mohammad al jazeera addis ababa
