rajat ibarguen wins re-election with
greater powers thanks to a change in the
Constitution he says it's a win for
democracy but is it and what will an
executive presidency mean for the rest
of the world this is inside story
hello and welcome to the show I'm
Sammy's a Dan rajab Ty Burrell Joanne
has dominated turkeys political scene
for the past 16 years and you look set
to continue for many more to come
his reelection on Sunday makes him
Toki's first executive president well
that means he has new expanded powers
because of changes to the Constitution
approved in last year's referendum his
main opposition rival accepts the result
but muharram in Joe says the election
was unfair these Warne's are the ones
one-man rule is a danger to Turks well
how will the balance of power change
we'll talk to our guests in a moment but
first Jim a - al reports from the
capital Ankara yet again red tape Iran
is victorious this success however will
taste a lot sweeter for the man who's
now won more than 10 successive national
polls since his AK Party came to power
in 2002 Sunday's vote was a gamble by
Iran who called for the early elections
at a time when Turkey's currency was at
the weakest it's been in years but it
seems to have paid off for the man whose
name has now become almost synonymous
with that of his country addressing his
supporters edwin described sunday as a
victory for all of turkey the winners of
this election are the 81 million Turkish
citizens of this country each and every
one is a winner in this election
everybody exercised their rights by
going to the ballot boxes and casting
their votes and I want to thank
everybody you were writing history going
into the vote it seemed that's a
galvanized opposition could prevent Iran
from winning in the first round
forcing a runoff that could possibly
pose a bigger threat to his quest to
become the first president under the new
constitution the main contender muharram
in J of the CHP had tried to garner
support from all sections of society he
wooed the religious basis by publicly
joining prayers in some cities and
attempted to reach out to the right-wing
blocks by promising to expel millions of
Syrian refugees if elected but as large
as interest crowds were or
those of Yavin in the end what mattered
were the numbers of ballots cast in
their favor Turks who have a proud
tradition of high voter turnout did not
disappoint early indications were that
more than 86% of them participated while
Aaron's AK Party were buoyant with the
presidential victory there will be
disappointment over their parliamentary
performance with the AKP using the
two-thirds supermajority they once held
only managing to secure a simple
majority with the help of their
nationalist MHP allies the big winners
in the parliamentary votes were the
Kurdish HDP winning over 50 seats making
this new legislative body more diverse
than the previous one and it's that
pluralism that many in Turkey will hope
can help bridge the political divide
that continues to affect Turkish society
speaking to the nation Iran seemed to
understand those concerns mr. Jimson in
truckin in debt no one should be
discriminated against in this country
because of their belief because of their
gender or because of their origins we
will not allow this whole land Masana
the opposition will be disappointed that
they were unable to at least force a
second round of voting they will take
heart however from their improved
performance in the parliament and the
fact that a relatively unknown person
like MJ was able to secure 30 percent in
such an important election
the first ever vacation president he has
now arguably equalled or possibly even
sir parsley Rondo modern-day Turkey was
cover Kemal atat√ºrk as the most
significant figure in his country's
recent history now what cigars with this
new mandate will be telling it works
look to him to solve their political
economic and social problems
or the new executive powers for the
president mean he now appoints the
cabinet after the abolition of the post
of Prime Minister and a yet to be
determined number of vice presidents
will be chosen the president will be
able to issue decrees as well as a point
or remove government ministers civil
servants even judges all without
Parliament's approval other
parliamentary business such as drafting
the state budget is also in the hands of
the president he can dissolve Parliament
triggering early presidential elections
declare a state of emergency for up to
six months without cabinet approval and
under the new constitution everyone can
run for another term effectively staying
in power until 2028 let's bring in our
guest now joining us from Istanbul is NS
Pericles a professor of international
relations at the Turkish German
University from New York Selim sack
fellow at the Century Foundation
focusing on Turkey's foreign policy in
the Middle East and from London by Skype
is egg a second a turkey specialist for
IHS marketer data and information
company that provides country risk
analysis one welcome to you all if I
could start with egg a it didn't go to a
second round as expected what does that
say about public sentiment and
confidence well let me begin by saying
this in this election we saw the same
old pattern in the voting behavior of
Turkish voters which we have seen in the
past
elections and referenda and that is
people voting based on their identities
rather than policy preferences rather
than the manifestos and the pledges of
the competing parties and aired one's
advantage in this that's a political
landscape is the fact that his identity
group is simply the demographically
dominant one in the country but there
was a time when our party had a lot more
support in elections it had a lot two
thirds of the Parliament seats something
must have happened here other than
simply people doing exactly what they've
done before an election
right very much so it's a it's the
continuation of the same pattern I'll
bait some changes here and there but the
fundamentals are the same and the change
is for example we saw the 7% drop in the
AKP s vote since the last election and
that could be interpreted for example as
the AKP voters let's say punishing their
party for certain things which they're
not happy about but those votes did not
translate into less support for everyone
for example which is crucial are duan as
a presidential candidate he got a very
high vote and I think this indicates the
continuation of the same old voting
behavior and the opposition's
disadvantage in this picture is the fact
that they are divided okay if we were to
simplify the picture we have the
seculars on the one hand and the and the
leftist kurds on the other who don't
necessarily see eye to eye and let me of
course emphasize that that's a big
central simplification
all right let me bring Ennis into the
discussion so it was a bit of identity
politics as a gay do you think for those
Turks who support Diwan the election was
a bit about their desire not to see
conservative Turks Anatolian Turks
whatever you want to call them pushed
back into the shadows by the you know
the secular elite so to speak in in some
of the cities that used to rule Turkey I
think the opposition especially the
opposition candidate he was able to
consolidate his own paw his own
electorate but he was not really able to
convince the the the conservative voters
in the country because after all so the
simply because of the historical baggage
of to CHP the Republican people party
because the Republican people party
People's Party does not have really a
good reputation among the conservative
voters plus they also the candidate for
the presidency muharram India he had
also in the past many statements for
instance against headscarf the lifting
of the headscarf man just through three
years ago
and suddenly when he was nominated he
started to make promises that he is not
he doesn't have any issue with the
headscarf in Turkey that picot people
might use it wherever they want it but
this was not really convincing for
people so the politics going on we can
say that yes but at the same time at the
same time Turkish waters are not only
what in their behavior is not only based
on the identity politics at the same
time they are also looking at real
issues so why everyone has so much
support in the population it's not just
about identity politics but he has a
pole he's a politician who has delivered
concrete policies concrete development
in the in the country in the past if you
look at his political background
starting from 1994 so people has saw
that he has delivered his promises there
were that was a huge development in the
country starting from 2002 and that's
one of the issues on the other hand also
people are looking at the promises of
the of the the opposition and they don't
see much concrete promises but more like
a discourse that they they are they have
an abstract policy promises and that was
not really convincing for people but
it's really that does seem to be from a
party pool the result let me if I may
bring in Salim and say the economy has
has improved over the last more than a
decade of our party rule but for those
opposed to other one do you think they
fear that the coming period is going to
spell one-man rule and an erosion of
democracy sami before i answer your
question i would like to correct the
record on a bunch of stuff that's been
said by my colleagues first of all i do
partly agree with i guess point about
identity politics but we should not lose
sight of the bigger picture here this is
a snap election that was held within six
weeks
most this was forced to deny metal
auctioneers party the right to
participate in the elections you should
remember how the opposition scrambled to
find a way to bring auction air into the
elections so we need to understand the
bigger picture here the opposition is
facing a 16 year incumbent with every
resource of the state and a 16 year
incumbency at his disposal when they
talk about morels party you talking
about the e or good party that didn't do
as well as people party yes that didn't
do as well it didn't turn out from the
end those willing to be such a threat it
didn't even manage to secure you know
second or third place it's it's it's
it's the seven it's the seven percent is
not a negligible
percentage when you think about it
that's several million people you need
to think about the larger numbers here
despite a 16 year incumbency and a
massive effort to create a new
generation of conservative
pro-government voters especially among
the youth in an election with over 50
what every million votes cast are duan
Vaughn with roughly half a million so
this is not this is a victory obviously
present our dawn has won and I would
like to extend my congratulations to him
and his party but at the same time we
should not think that this is a major
defeat this is a David versus Goliath
fight there is something in particular I
would like to point out a nest made a
point about the headscarf issue Muharram
in Jays sister who appeared in numerous
campaign rallies is wearing the
headscarf his mother is varying the
headscarf so making this about
conservative versus secular doesn't
necessarily fly in that way unless
you're making the claim that Muharram in
jay is also an enemy of his own sister
who appeared at his campaign rallies you
need to see the larger picture as I said
before okay let's give us a chance to
come back to come back to you Saleem go
ahead and it's briefly Anna sorry I'm
sorry I'm sorry but that doesn't mean
I mean if he's I mean wife or mother or
sister is wearing a headscarf in the
past also cameras at least in Turkey
they use this kind of this way they said
look my mother is also reading a
headscarf I am NOT a nice scarf I am
against turban and I'm an against you
know the use of my scarf as a political
symbol and this kind of rhetoric we have
also I mean I've what I am I can only
look at is the concrete policies they
were passed back in this country which
is amusing majority country and AK Party
was only able to lift is just two three
years ago continues all right you've
made your private life I'm looking at
the policies fair enough let's bring in
Salim again continue the thought for us
today
I would like to make another point only
a few days before the election sure of
course it's we're having a conversation
the a few days before the election the
probe at one of the pro-government think
tanks seta published a policy brief
accusing our main opposition party
voters Muharram injures voters of being
in cahoots this Fethullah Gulen the air
Dawn's Li turned enemy widely believed
to have been responsible for the failed
coup attempt in 2016 and Abdullah who
Jalan the Kurdish terrorist leader whose
organization are killed an estimated
35,000 people so let's not pretend that
this was an election fought on a very
level playing field and this was only
about the conservative versus the
secular is a some but equal competition
that the opposition has lost I'm not
trying to be the sour loser here the
opposition's worked hard they need to
work harder at the end of today lessons
aired on one let's bring in the end of
it let's bring an egg a and the time
that sort of sentiment we're hearing
right now from Celine is is not an
unusual one that you hear from the
opposition right now and then although
they've conceded that third one has won
I'm wondering will there be an attempt
to try and challenge the result in any
way going forward at the beginning
yesterday night we saw the opposition
party the Republican People's Party be
initially
made an announcement saying that
according to their figures the election
was actually proceeding to the second
round after that there was radio silence
until today and we saw the candidate
Mojave Minjae concede his defeat so I
think a challenge is unlikely the
results distributed by the state-run
media agency a mobile audience are
largely in line with those collected by
alternative sources however this does
not mean of course even if the vote was
accurate this does not of course mean
that the lead-up to that vote was free
and fair let's not forget of course and
I agree with Salem on this the
conditions of the state of emergency the
extent of media coverage which the
incumbent president was able to get
relative to his opponents these are
undeniable okay let's bring it we can
hang on I'll come back to you in a
minute Ennis but sorry okay but I want
to go back to enison say one of the
surprises perhaps of this election was
the amount of support which the MHP got
the MHP party of course is an ally to
the ARC party but now that their
parliamentary majority is thanks to the
support from the MHP I'm wondering if
you think the governor is going to have
to be a lot more sensitive to the
desires of the MHP going forward yeah I
think especially for the Parliament in
the Parliament when the government or
the they want to pass the laws they will
have to they have to collaborate with
the MHP but I think MH be a knock party
is in an alliance for a quite long time
so in a de facto alliance and this has
happened after especially after the du
Quai time in Turkey in 2016 by the
villainous terror group so after that
many things has changed in Turkey and
the threat perception has changed and
because of this there is strong Alliance
and and the the mode is it's about
survival and that's why there is this
strong alliance so
okay and it's how important closing
parliamentarians in how important is
Parliament at all right now in the
presidential system where the one can
issue executive rules county yes yes the
president can issue executive orders but
of course that is there is a I mean
there is a limit for executive order so
the president cannot rule the country
without you know passing the laws also
there is a big budget issue which has to
be approved by the Parliament
so the Parliament is there and that has
to be collaboration in the Parliament
between our party and MHP and I think it
will happen and that will also I think
shape to touch politics in the next
decade I think so that's not only
temporarily let's say temporary the
coalition between a party and MHP and
that's also already shaping the the
Turkish politics in the last three years
and also I have to add that this the
identity issue identity politics the 7%
of AK Party voters probably majority of
them have voted for the MHP because they
were somehow not happy with the AK Party
in the first place but also they want to
also it was a kind of gesture towards
MHP and its attitude after the coup a
time and and their support for rock
party I think so many people felt that
they have to also support MHP and the
second issue is another issue is with
this you I mean the one of the guest
mention the Isetta
analysis I mean the Feder if we really
understand what fetter is about I mean
photo is about infiltration hiding the
your own motives
it's about deception and the feather is
still today trying to influence Turkish
politics and they were okay because the
time is getting short I will give
something right the MHP I don't think do
you think selling that we're going to
see an era the new presidential earring
which are the one will use his powers
carefully cautiously gradually to ease
the country into this new era because he
has a lot of power now he can appoint
and fire ministers civil servants even
judges I hope but I'm not optimistic and
I
think the gist of the issue here is that
there is a fundamental
incommensurability between the vision
president addon and this party hold for
turkeys future and his opponents though
I'm someone who's been vocally critical
of president Arden as well as both the
PKK and the Gulen movement the I'm a
secular president Arden is an Islamist
I'm an internationalist presentar Don is
an isolationist I am pro-western I
believe in Turkey's place in the NATO
alliance and Turkey's place as a again
most prominent member of the Atlantic
Alliance if I may continue please
the I believe in people's rights and
liberties in the past five years Turkey
has seen the second verse decline in
rights and liberties second only to
Central African Republic these are not
my statistics this is from the freedom
in the world report from Freedom House
so when you see this there's a
fundamental incommensurability my
colleague dr. by rockler mentioned one
of the guests making a point about feta
I suppose I am that guest so I would
like to say something
bruseles the Gulen movement sorry
briefly please very briefly yes of
course the the Gulen movement used to be
one of President Aaron's foremost allies
since they've turned against each other
the Gulen movement is now the
government's primary nemesis turkey's
primary nemesis yet when they were
purging sexually like myself no one
opposed that actually president died on
okay let's oddly declared that he is a
prosecutor of these case we've got we
got a copy minutes left there being a
bit unfair on the opposition 30 30
seconds if I may to Ennis to quickly
come back in on that where tens of
thousands of people have been arrested
reports say like the one in Salina
pointed to without trial journalists
professors lawyers is any of that going
to change now the state of emergency
lifted do you expect no I don't think so
because many of them the overwhelming
majority of charge they are linked to
the fate oh and they have to face trial
in the Turkish courts and they have to
and pay the price but have done to this
country but on the other hand the gas
has claimed that are done is an
isolationist I mean if you look at his
policies I mean he is the one who has
opened this country the outside world I
mean Turkey is more involved all around
the world in Africa so how can we claim
it's one thing to punish people it's not
a thing
critics say to hold someone without
trial right yes VTP day but they are
facing trial I mean many members of the
feather than they are facing trial now
in the Turkish court the sentence are
given to most of them so I don't see I
think we've got a minute I want to
quickly program a gay a chance to come
in a continuation of Turkey's foreign
policy strained relations with the West
and attempt to create more influence in
the Middle East I mean these are likely
to continue what we have seen thus far
in 2016 we saw a realist shift in
foreign policy I guess we could call it
that r1 is likely to continue that but
of course we have to bear in mind
much of what Turkey is facing today in
the region when it comes to Syria in
Iraq its response to that would not
really change necessarily that much from
one party to another from one leader to
another I think some of the developments
right now are infringing on Turkey
strategic interests and we have seen at
least on this field and I'm not talking
about economic policy or other other
stuff on the domestic front but at least
when it comes to my turkeys foreign
policy in Syria in Iraq we have seen a
realist approach and I think that's
likely to continue into in the future
all right let's thank our guests for
their thoughts on this Anna spirally
Saleem says Anka and I guess a chicken
and thank you too for watching the show
you can see it again any time by
visiting our web site aljazeera.com for
further discussion go to our Facebook
page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
inside story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle there
is at AJ inside story from me Sammy say
Dan and the whole team for now goodbye
you
