disorientated and dehydrated these
migrants have just been deported by
Algerian border guards and dumped in
neighboring Nazaire the nearest village
is a 15 kilometer walk in the Sahara
Desert and they have no food or water
the UN migration agency says Algeria has
expelled an estimated 13,000 migrants in
this way in the last 14 months
Janet Kamara who's Liberian was pregnant
when she was deported last month she
suffered a miscarriage while walking in
the desert she buried her baby in a
shallow grave in the sand no saw a baby
a baby was killed
women were lying dear man because
there's no water no food starvation
Sharon kids and all other people
Cornette all of people gone missing in a
difficulty didn't know the with another
Liberian Jew Dennis filmed his
deportation from a detention center in
Algeria together with a group of other
migrants they were loaded onto trucks
and driven across the border Tunisia I'm
reporting live from the desert between
Nigeria in their leisure and as you can
see this is the con for going over there
and it's a massive conver massive lead
appalling blacks to enormous land where
anything can happen you got women and
children into this into destruction some
migrants are rescued by a team like this
one from the UN migration agency others
died trying to make it across the desert
they come by the thousands I've never
seen anything like it
there are even babies they even expelled
pregnant women women who give birth one
or two weeks later it's a catastrophe
the Algerian government denies
committing human rights abuses its
ratified international treaties on human
rights and this was the Algerian Red
Crescent last year
helping to transfer migrants to their
home countries the European Union has
asked North African countries to do more
to stop migrants headed north to Europe
the EU says it is aware of the mass
deportations and says Algeria needs to
comply with international law
many of these migrants say their
experience proves otherwise
Victoria Gaytan B al Jazeera
