in a disused silk factory and the citius
Runanga creations of a different kind
are on display 60 artists from Kashmir's
patchwork of communities are promoting
togetherness through art it's the first
time in 66 years works by Kashmir's
Muslims and Hindus are on show under one
roof each reflecting a different side of
this divided society it was a great
experience for all of us like you know
people from different age groups and
getting to know about what Kashmir was
like bad thing and what all techniques
they use back then it was a good
experience because we got to know about
our own history the former independent
state of Kashmir has been disputed by
India and Pakistan since Indian
independence from Britain in 1947 each
controls a part of the region both
claimed the territory in its entirety
the coalition government collapsed a few
days ago following months of
demonstrations in solidarity with
decades of rebellion against Indian rule
artists are constantly lift reflecting
on their own immediate realities and a
lot of works here are also a reflection
of what these artists experienced and
witness whether it is the political
crisis the social crisis or the
psychological crisis when a lot of
conflicting ideas come on as singles
that fall it's a good I think way of
reaching a certain point of consensus
the exhibition is aimed at restoring
harmony between Kashmir's discordant
groups offering a time to reflect on the
region's trouble past and hopes for a
stable future neve barker al jazeera
