for 18 months ambassador nikki Haley has
made it her mission to make sure it's
not business as usual at the UN
she has repeatedly called for reform as
her boss president Trump has pulled away
from the international consensus on key
issues pulling the u.s. out of the Paris
climate agreement the Iran deal the UN's
cultural agency UNESCO and cutting all
funding for Unruh the part of the UN
that helps Palestinians most recently
she announced the US was withdrawing
from the UN Human Rights Council the
first country ever to do so she said it
was in part because of its bias against
Israel pulling out of the Human Rights
Council for the u.s. was a huge
miscalculation I mean you can see their
influence in the council since it was
created in 2006 on various different
issues by pulling out they don't have
that kind of influence anymore so even
leading Jewish organizations on human
rights have commented that how can the
u.s. continue to support Israel inside
of the council when they're not in it
anymore
a year ago Haley visited Geneva the home
of the Human Rights Council urging major
reform before the u.s. pulled out of the
body last week the u.s. put forward a
proposal to its close allies on a way to
reform it but they weren't even prepared
to discuss the plan the Ambassador
herself wrote a letter to human rights
groups last month our mission circulated
a draft Human Rights Council
strengthening resolution to a small
group of member states for edits to this
date we've received not one written edit
from a single member state ambassador
Haley has been a key player in the Trump
administration's policy of disruption on
the international stage but some
diplomats believe it may be beginning to
backfire on some issues the u.s. may be
finding it harder to persuade its allies
and bully its adversaries here at the UN
I think that especially on issues
relating to the Middle East the u.s.
faces a crisis of credibility at the UN
and
even its closest allies such as the UK
are distancing themselves from American
positions on Iran and on Israel and that
is really making Trump look very
isolated earlier this month in an effort
to block a draft Security Council
resolution on Gaza ambassador Halley
tried to rally support begging fellow
ambassadors to support her own rival
draft but she was the only member of the
Security Council to vote in favor of it
increasingly at the UN the policy of
America first seems to be resulting in
America alone James BAE's al Jazeera at
the United Nations
