if turkeys president is nervous there
was no sign of it as he voted with his
family near his Istanbul home Rajab type
Iran will enjoy widespread new executive
presidential powers if he's re-elected
he's favorite to win but a resurgent
opposition has turned this into an
unexpectedly tight race Shaunda position
over average Turkey is staging a
democratic revolution with this election
the transfer to the executive presidency
was destined to happen to us
the presidential system Turkey is
seriously raising the bar rising above
the level of contemporary civilizations
the main opposition candidate a forum a
physics teacher has chipped away at
Iran's lead in the polls Moran in Jay
hopes to stop Iran winning more than 50
percent of the vote which will force a
second round run-off I hope it will be
good for our people and our country I
hope whatever is best happens thank you
all around 56 million eligible Turks are
also voting for a new Parliament an
unprecedented alliance of most of the
opposition parties is hoping to take
parliamentary control from her ones
ruling AK Party may the election be good
for our country in our people I hope the
best candidate will win it is surprising
to see such a crowd at 8 a.m. people are
showing great interest I want peace
justice Brotherhood equality and
democracy to win the elections may
whoever deserves that win the
presidential and parliamentary elections
in Turkey's conservative southeast the
pro-kurdish HDP is hoping to again
breach a 10 percent threshold to win
seats in parliament if they don't then
their seats are given to the second
preference of voters which is likely the
AKP how Kurds vote could mean the
difference between power or opposition
for the AKP there are an unprecedented a
hundred and forty nine thousand
observers from opposition parties of
polling stations across Turkey they
along with observers from the ruling
party are here to make sure that only
the votes cast end up in the ballot box
if there is a clear winner on Sunday
night he will become the most powerful
president since Turkey's founder Mustafa
Kemal atat√ºrk became the first in 1923
Bernard Smith al Jazeera Ankara
