I'm Malcolm Webb in kampala the capital
of Uganda which is one of the countries
where thousands of chimpanzees can still
be found up in the highland forested
slopes before other countries they've
already completely disappeared and
wherever they live they're on the
tremendous pressure chimps like humans
live in communities have feelings and
they use tools these are qualities that
were discovered only in the 1960s by a
young British woman she lived with
chimps for many years and drew closer to
them than anyone before Jane Goodall
widely seen as the world's leading
climatologist and conservationist talks
to al-jazeera
you're one of the world's most
recognized experts on chimpanzees what's
so special about them chimpanzees are
our closest living relatives on planet
earth we share 98 plus of our DNA with
chimpanzees a great deal of our
communication nonverbal it's the same
kissing embracing holding hands petting
on the back swaggering shaking the fists
begging for food you watch a group of
chimps you know exactly what they're
about because we do the same they were
the first wild animals in the scientific
community to demonstrate tool using and
tool making and it was that observation
where chimpanzees were picking grass
stems to fish for termites but also
picking leafy twigs and having to modify
them beginning of tool-making by
stripping the leaves and the side
branches and it was that that brought in
the National Geographic Society to fund
my research when the first six months
money ran out so you know since then we
followed the life history of chimpanzees
in the wild and in captivity because we
work on captive chimps as well learned
about the different cultures in
different countries of them like in West
Africa those rocks used as hammers to
open that's the same nuts or it gonna be
but they don't use that so it's a
cultural tradition passed from mother to
child we've learned a great deal about
the importance of the mother Mother's
have different personalities some are
much better mother's than others and the
good supportive mothers are the ones
whose offspring do well the males get
higher in the male hierarchy the females
are better mothers so that the thing
that for me exciting about that is the
reason I've done what I've done is I had
a supportive mother - what were the most
interesting things that you discovered
and their greatest disappointment well
the greatest similarities were as I've
said in the nonverbal communication but
in addition they actually have a kind of
primitive war and they are territorial
the male's patrol the boundaries of the
territory and if they spy an individual
from a neighboring community they will
follow give chase keep very quiet for
maybe over an hour looking they looking
for individuals and then they will kill
them they will actually kill them so you
know they have war on the one hand but
also altruism and love and compassion so
in both these ways the aggressive and
the loving they're so close to us and
when you first made some of these
discoveries you came under quite a lot
of criticism for the implications that
it made about most and chimpanzees but
also about humans in the press including
criticism the you as a woman we're
making discoveries about mankind which
was possibly controversial in that era
what kind of things did they say and
what did you think about that at the
time what I was criticized for was first
of all when I saw tool-using
and the scientists said well she's just
a woman I haven't been to university we
couldn't afford it and so they wanted to
disregard everything but then when the
geographic sent you go van lauric and he
filmed it they could no longer deny what
I had seen in fact even before that my
sister came out I said I don't want
anybody coming but she sounds like me
and she looks a bit like me so she came
with a camera and she actually filmed
termite fishing so you know then then
they had to believe it but the next
thing was the aggressive behavior
because at that time in the early 70s it
was a it was a political issue and
science was divided I guess more than
science but certainly science as to
whether human infants are born with like
a clean slate so everything is learned
from your culture from the society from
your mother and then on the other hand
there were those who said well there's a
lot of learning involved and chimpanzees
and human beings learn by watching each
other
and learning about their cultures so it
was a very political issue believe it or
not and we had one of the first Russians
primatologist taking part in an
international conference and when it
came to aggression before he said a word
he had to go off and telephone his boss
in Moscow so eventually I went to
Cambridge University after I've been
with the chimps for two years and so I
had a supervisor who was wonderful for
me but he was also one of the top
ethologist and when we have this
conference he was there too and he was
on the side of everything is learned
that's what he talked about then I was
saying know some things are inherited
it's instinctive that we have these
aggressive so I know as a mother because
when your child is is threatened you get
the surge of adrenaline and sometimes
anger it's not rational but it's there
so when I sat down with him to have a
cup of coffee I said what do you really
believe about whether aggression is
innate did you know what he said to me
he said Jane I'd rather not talk about
what I really believe that gave me such
a bad attitude towards science I said
how can you be like this do you think
science has progressed since then and
his understanding of these things mainly
the people who who you know don't
believe in all this inherited stuff and
don't believe that animals have
personalities and emotions and so forth
they're mostly the people who are either
in primate research labs where animals
are tortured still or intensive farming
and we know how cows and pigs are
treated chickens and turkeys so it's
mostly those people who don't want to
admit that animals have personalities
minds and above all emotions and one
interesting observation which I never
forgot when you're thinking about
different personalities
the alpha male at that time Mike I think
it was Humphrey anyway an aggressive
male so when an infant began screaming
because his mother wouldn't nurse him
the aggressive male went and attacked
the infant for screaming so of course
the infant screamed more and that blew
any chance of seeing a stranger however
another male on another occasion with
the same infant old Hugo was a much more
gentle individual and when the infant
made a noise he went and embraced him so
you see the difference in the two
personalities this is what's so
fascinating
there is different from each other as we
are you're going through in Gambhir
Island what's there and why are you
going when I first came to Uganda it was
in the mid sixties so it was in the days
of Idi Amin and at that time there was
the Entebbe zoo and they had I think
about eight or nine infant chimps whose
mothers had been shot for bush meat and
they didn't have proper cages they
didn't know anything about them they
were in really wire netting cages they
had nothing to do they were very
disturbed and so I managed to find a zoo
keeper from London Zoo who volunteered
and her parents gave her a car so she
could get around and gradually that
built up cages proper cages and
introduced you know for chimps and many
other animals to boredom is one of the
awful things you see in in bad zoos they
have nothing to do think of their lives
in the wild and then think of being
confined in a small space so one of the
things that she did was give them paper
and paintbrushes some of them paint
lovely I'm not a picture but they make
fan shapes or circular shapes and began
selling them which raised money so that
was the beginning of it and from that it
led to some of the chimps being
relocated onto an island
I don't know its name but somewhere near
the zoo and then we wanted to create a
proper
sanctuary for the chimps so the island
was created for orphaned chimps whose
mothers were either killed for bush meat
or they were poached so that the
infant's could be sent off and sold as
pets or entertainment in foreign
countries so they'd get confiscated so
it was a mixture of mothers shot for
different reasons conservation projects
in in Africa even though we're half a
century after the end of European
colonialism continue to be dominated by
white foreigners why do you think that
is well I'm not sure that it always is
true I'm I'm not sure I think African
politicians Africans in all walks of
life women are coming up and taking
their rightful position in society and
we've got past the time when women in
order to succeed decided they have to
have male characteristic of aggression
and pushing us that now women are
beginning to fall into place
with the characteristics that make women
I think a little bit different you know
no churring compassion because of the
infants that we raise so yes there is
some male dominance and money coming in
from outside but it's changing you can't
expect change to happen overnight after
our brutal colonialism which actually
destroyed some of the best people who
might otherwise have taken over more
quickly I mean we ruined their culture
we ruin so much about African society
before European colonialism then this
was one continent maybe the last
continents in the world where humans did
live in a relatively sustainable way
with wildlife and when the European
colonialists came they hunted at a rate
never done before they destroyed
habitats at a rate never seen before and
then created nature reserves in almost
every country which involved of course
displacing people off the land and to
this day many of those communities live
on the on the periphery of those parks
still in poverty having lost access to
the natural resources they once had do
you think that the preservation of this
wildlife has simultaneously been a a
story of great injustice for many
communities in this continent huge
injustice I mean what white colonialists
did I think can never really be forgiven
in Africa because I've traveled to many
different countries and everywhere the
history of white colonialism is brutal
and so when finally the Europeans
thought oh gosh we've killed off nearly
all the animals oh yes we can develop
tourism how lovely so they and some of
them actually cared about the animals so
we began to set up these national parks
and as you say people were driven out of
those areas and lived in the peripheral
and many of them in poverty and of
course those communities were growing
human population growth is a huge
problem so it was in 1986 that there was
this big conference in which it became
very obvious that chimpanzee numbers
were dropping right across Africa and
that's when I decided to leave research
I didn't know what I could do so the
first thing I thought I would do is to
travel around some of the African
countries where there were chimp
populations I think it was seven
different countries but also learning
about the horrible problems faced by so
many of the African people living in and
around chimpanzee habitat
you know the crippling poverty in some
cases the lack of good education the
lack of good health and ethnic violence
which was getting worse because of that
and it came to a head when I flew over
the Gombe National Park were in a tiny
plane and looked down
Gandhi was once part of this equatorial
belt that stretched from East Africa and
curled through
Southwest Tanzania through Burundi
Uganda and then right to the West
African coast through the Congo Basin
and when I flew over in 1990 and looked
down it was an Islander forest a tiny
island the forces the smallest National
Park in Tanzania surrounded by
completely bare hills more people living
there than the land could support
they'd been moved from their traditional
villages they was supposed to be doing
communal farming and that was not
European by the way and it was
struggling to survive and this is when
it hit me if we don't do something to
help the people we may as well give up
conservation I'm very well aware of the
problem you speak of when they've been
forced out of the forest that's happened
in Burundi and I think it's happened in
in Rwanda as well but I know about the
Burundi ones and it is shocking it's
it's really heartbreaking to see them
thrown out of the forest of course
there's been this genocide with Rwanda
and we're trying to work with them a lot
of people in Africa in many countries in
Africa who are making a lot of money
from wildlife trafficking or from
destroying habitats for wildlife I mean
there are many millions of dollars to be
made from this every year and powerful
people behind it
in your work have you run into conflict
with these people have you ever been
threatened or or anything like that by
their people whose interests you're
challenging well I haven't actually been
threatened
nobody from gone bees being threatened
that might really believe it's because
we've always worked with the people ever
since you know those early days um it's
certainly true we've got your your
fossil fuel industry
you got logging you got as you say the
animal trafficking and various other
problems caused by us and all you can do
is to tackle them one by one but after
raising money for our different Jane
Goodall Institute programs across
across Africa I began traveling around
the developed world to raise money but
also to raise awareness just because of
the problem you're talking about but it
was our society that were that were
raiding the forest for timber and so
forth and the Africans who were just
making money out of it
poaching and so forth so that's when I
thought you know if unless we have new
generations growing up to understand
better our relationship with the natural
world
then soon there will be nothing left and
will suffer so that's when I began our
Roots & Shoots program and it was basic
you know because I understand the
diversity in the rainforests how
everything is interconnected from the
very beginning we had our roots in huge
groups we'll work on three different
interrelated problems to help people to
help other animals because we are
animals too and to help the environment
and do you work with many of the
governments or heads of state or senior
politicians in the countries where these
endangered species are found I let the
people you know each roots and shoots in
each country does that sort of thing
itself but we have other programs do ya
do you work with authorities a lot well
the point is that we try to be
completely apolitical so in the US for
example if we work with a with a
Democrat we'll also work with a
Republican and that sort of thing I'm
not sure about now but the old days it
worked I was wondering if it's possible
to be a political going back to the
wildlife trafficking smuggling timber
concessions in in Africa in the
countries where many of these endangered
species or precious habitats are found
then it's not possible to run a
multimillion-dollar racket under the
radar of the people in power in fact
it's not possible to run it without the
complicity of the people in power and we
many leaked documents or wildlife
investigations over the years that have
implicated heads of state and very
senior politicians in these things so
surely it's not possible to separate
their politics from the very greatest
threats to the conservation that's true
but
but with jgi you know we don't directly
tackle the government in a in a
political way we're going meet with
people in the government and talk to
them and that's kind of different so but
I I'm not pretending that I know the
extent to which the Jane Goodall
Institute in Uganda is working in the
government you would have to talk with
Peter Appel who runs the program here
but by and large it's sharing
information it's reaching people's
hearts that's the key so you're also a
patron of population matters
which advocates for voluntary reduction
in human population to try and create
some sustainability for people and
everything else I wanted to ask you
about how this could possibly be
achieved and gives the example of China
as the only government that's ever
actually tried to address population
reduction but they didn't do it in a
voluntary way and it's widely seen by
many as a human rights abuse and caused
a great deal of unhappiness for a very
large number of people is there a way or
is there another way to reduce the human
population well I'm only going to talk
about what I know about and what I know
about is our dakari program in Tanzania
around the chimp habitat where we began
working all those years ago now there
people are coming up and asking for you
know ways in which they can control
their population and so we provide all
the things the women need we've had men
coming and asking for sec Tamizh and the
point is that now they're more in
control of their own lives
they're realizing you
we just don't have the natural resources
to grow our populations so their culture
is changing the stead of wanting a lot
of children they want to have two or
three children so that they can give
them a good education and so that they
won't be starving it's we've watched it
change and so we have family planning
initiatives in every one of these
villages that I talked about 75 and it's
worked so we didn't push it on this
their own people they do it we don't do
it and this is the secret I think
they're also still increasing carbon
emissions are still increasing
year-on-year and United States for
America recently pulling out of the
Paris agreement opening coal mines right
and scientists even saying that the
Paris agreement wouldn't save us from
the point of no return as they call it
anyway things don't look very optimistic
they're right there but what do you
think well all I can say is that I know
many people in the US who are taking
matters into their own hands and Trump
was elected I don't know what the future
is in the United States I can't predict
it some people say he'll be reelected
which will be very harmful but on the
other end like take California if he
even wants to succeed secede they are
taking their own environmental problems
into their own hands and it's working in
California it's definitely working and
there are other states as well and this
time of changing climates destroying
habitats reducing natural resources and
the things that we've talked about is
there anything that you've learned from
chimpanzees humankind would be
well-advised to pay attention to you
right now well one thing I really think
is maternal behavior because we're in
danger in our modern society with women
playing an ever larger role which they
should I'm not saying they shouldn't but
it's really important if you're going to
go on with your career and have children
maybe you're not a maternal type but you
must ensure that your child has one to
three stable people in the child's life
who will be there to give support to
give nurture you know if they're unhappy
too
not just an hour in the evening of
quality time that's not enough that's
that's something different
also they're really good at making up
corals so you have a big fight and
sometimes it's so bad that the victim
will run away but if it's not too bad
then the it's usually a male who's the
aggressor and very often it's a female
adolescent male who's been the victim of
a fight and the big male is sitting
there with his hair out and the victim
will come up crouching screaming but
begging for reassurance with a hand out
like this or sometimes they're so
frightened that they've got their back
to the big male and they'll reach back
like this so once the big male Pat's the
hand and sometimes that ends up with an
embrace social harmony is restored and
we're not too good at that what is your
message to young people today well the
message is basically the roots and cutes
message you are an individual you matter
you have different options in front of
you but the first thing people come up
to me young people high school and they
say I really you know I want to make a
difference I don't really know what to
do so I usually advise them if they're
going on to university to take a gap
here and to leave their minds open I
said you will probably find something
though make you see this is what I want
to do and you can't imagine the number
of young people who said I took your
advice and I went around visit of
different countries and I suddenly knew
what I wanted to do and then they go
all-out for it and that's I think the
most important thing is to be passionate
about what you do Jane Goodall
primatologists and
salvations thank you for talking to Al
Jazeera it been a great pleasure
you
