there was a time when to see was to
believe that is no longer the case at
least in Syria in seven years of
fighting there the bombing of civilians
tales of torture on both sides millions
displaced it's the chemical weapons
attacks that have produced some of the
most widely broadcast footage and the
most heated debates the most recent
suspected chemical attack occurred two
months ago in the city of Douma we saw
images of frantic rescue efforts the
hosing down of victims children included
however in a war involving multiple
states and actors almost nothing can be
taken at face value arguments over the
authenticity of the footage the
credibility of the analysis the motives
and flaws in the reporting have been
intense and ongoing to call this an
information war is to sell it short it's
a news and information storm and trying
to navigate through it is far from easy
the listening posts Meenakshi Ravi now
on the seeming impossibility of
understanding one of the most
contentious aspects of the Syrian war
the use of chemical weapons
on a story as contentious as the war in
Syria where in addition to bullets
claims and counterclaims fly across
battle lines and where numerous chemical
attacks have thrown up serious questions
over what evidence from the war zone can
be trusted it is doubly important to
consider the source for this story we
interviewed Rania Khalek a journalist
reporting on the underclass as she says
on her website she's based in Beirut
Eliot Higgins a British blogger who
started analyzing videos and documents
from the Syrian war in 2012 he is now
often referred to as a specialist in
open-source weapons analysis Christian
Benedict a campaign manager for the NGO
Amnesty International based in London
his focus for the past few years has
been the war in Syria max Blumenthal a
journalist and author of numerous books
in an interview he said what motivates
his work is a discussed with unfairness
and Alya scroll a DC based journalist
who covers how conflicts play out in the
cyberspace and consider - where you are
seeing this story on The Listening Post
airing on al Jazeera English an
international news channel funded by the
state of Qatar there are obviously a
range of positions on the use of
chemical weapons
certainly for assets Amnesty
International were quite clear that
chemical weapons have been used
predominately by the Assad regime there
are obviously counter narratives which
are trying to say no chemical weapons
haven't been used all chemicals have
been used by the so-called terrorists
meanwhile American journalists who have
visited the area have found no traces of
poisonous substances my position is that
we should be skeptical of everything
coming out of Syria because at the end
of the day there's not people on the
ground who actually know what's
happening reporters cannot get into the
town civilians cannot get
so intimate videos are the only evidence
of who's suffering all we're hearing
from is biased sources whether it be the
Syrian government or whether it be
Western governments or insurgents on the
ground who have been pushing for regime
change so we should be skeptical of all
allegations coming out of this work this
hour American and coalition forces 15
years ago in 2003 the United States
under the presidency of George W Bush
went to war with Iraq u.s. intelligence
agencies claimed Iraqi president Saddam
Hussein had been secretly developing
weapons of mass destruction in fact they
can produce enough dry biological agent
in a single month to kill thousands upon
thousands of people despite UN weapons
inspectors saying they could find no
evidence the mainstream news media
primarily in the US and UK ran with the
Bush administration's version of the
story the intelligence shows and the
Senators can backed us up that their
massive amounts of weapons of mass
destruction he has a very unaccounted
for those claims proved to be false they
were lies and the US and British media
along with the governments whose lies
they propagated have been struggling to
regain their credibility ever since it
was this really seminal moment in post
9/11 history in the United States it
shattered trust in government and a
child trust in media there was not
enough critical reporting explosions
fireballs mushroom clouds a fearsome
display of American military might the
Iraq war
it's Exhibit A for why it's so important
to critically evaluate these types of
statements by the government I cannot
think of one pundit on the national
scene in cable news or at any major
newspaper who has questioned the drive
for regime change in Syria
he's got Russia and Iran behind him and
we want him out so we need to tip the
balance of power so it's really left to
a small group of journalists and online
activists to really sift through what we
believe is disinformation from our own
governments aimed at stimulating a war
regime change the sheer volume of
information available online about the
Syrian war has been unprecedented videos
images uploaded documents witness
testimonies it has led to the rise of
what's called open source investigation
which is analysis of material that is
available on the web one of the
best-known websites examining evidence
of chemical attacks in Syria is Belen
Kat Eliot Higgins the founder of the
site spoke with us about the process of
open source investigations I've spent
six years looking at chemical attacks in
Syria generally you're going to be
looking at things like YouTube Facebook
and Twitter accounts but we're also
reaching out to groups on the ground to
a recording videos speaking of witnesses
getting that kind of an idea of what the
kind of emerging narrative from the
attack is then we cross-reference that
against an actual video footage so for
example it's Duma we had three or four
video showing the interior of the
building but we had to figure out if it
was the same building so either were
features in this video that was shared
so we piece all of these together kind
of like a jigsaw I am NOT an expert
amount of military expert I am NOT an
expert in satellite analysis or video
analysis but neither is Eliot Higgins
the founder of Belling tests we wouldn't
accept the medical claims of somebody
who hasn't been to medical school
another problem is that Eliot Higgins
and his colleagues at Bell in cat are
not on the ground in Syria which means
they lack context they lack direct
witnesses they lack impartiality they
lack physical evidence and one thing I
will say I mean when it comes to the use
of open source material it does in some
way provide a greater ability for the
public to understand the evidence if the
use of chemical weapons has been
documented in a large body of real-time
evidence then that's something that you
as a citizen you can go and watch and
you can ask yourself well what happened
however online investigations are only
as accurate only as credible as the
material they are based on a lot of what
Higgins and others rely on has been
provided by the Syrian civil defense a
group better known as the white helmets
they call themselves a neutral
humanitarian group of volunteers
rescuing people from the rubble of
buildings hit by bombs a documentary
about their work even won an Oscar in
2017 in addition to their rescue
missions the white helmets post videos
from the war zone their footage of
airstrikes and chemical weapon attacks
have been used widely by the media many
call the white helmets heroes in the
face of unrelenting brutality heroes
have emerged they are civilians who risk
their life to save us others see they
are propped up by foreign governments
and have strong links with Syrian
militias considered terrorists the white
helmets are not just a group of ordinary
rescue workers it's the white helmets
are an international influence operation
and what makes it especially scandalous
is that the white helmets have been
funded with at least twenty three
million dollars from the State
Department's Office of transition
initiatives which is the regime change
arm of the State Department as well as
fifty five million dollars from the
British Foreign Office and untold
millions from the government of Qatar
the financial parent of Al Jazeera and
the white helmets have participated in
public executions that's been
well-documented
they have been filmed celebrating
alongside members of jabhat al-nusra the
Syrian al-qaeda affiliate and they have
also participated in rescuing people
from under the rubble but that's only
part of the organization this
organization should be immediately
defunded
the Syrian conflict is a story where
propaganda misinformation fake news and
denialism all meet to confuse obstruct
and sway often successfully that
multiple chemical weapon attacks have
taken place is a fact confirmed by
several international organizations but
the who why and how angles of these
stories take time to investigate and
clarify details often remain murky for
long after the attacks are out of the
headlines people generally have less
time to read an 80 page reports from the
United Nations they're gonna pick up a
tweet which says Jaysh al-islam were
responsible for the attacking Duma and
they're gonna go with that because they
have a sense that that's some
information that they can run with it's
easily digestible
it's like the McDonnells of information
the Syrian war is one of the most
covered military conflicts in history
and despite all the information and data
available on the 80 cases of chemical
attacks documented the more we read
about them the more were told about them
the less we feel we actually know the
crucial goes that truth is the first
casualty in war certainly in the case of
Syria the truth even the facts are as
contested as the battlegrounds
journalists are trying to report on
