China is rich in tradition and this is a
relatively new one posing for wedding
photos before the big day and a high
Lake in Yunnan Province is a popular
backdrop it's one of China's biggest
freshwater lakes and one of its most
beautiful
almost 40 million people visited in 2016
now that rapid growth in tourism is
taking its toll on these once pristine
waters last April the government told
the owners of almost 2,000 hotels and
restaurants near the ancient town of
Dali that they'd have to close for a
year the order had followed a visit by
President Xi Jingping who dodged action
to save the load normally these narrow
streets which are such a feature of the
old village of Dali would be teeming
with visitors but since April 2017 this
place has been like a ghost town and the
owners of these businesses simply have
no idea when they'll be able to open
again a sign of desperation rent
contract expiring will sell for low
price says this note yiling owns two
hotels and says their closure has cost
her around 1 million dollars I'm from
Bali and I know the reasons why people
come here because they are looking for
somewhere beautiful but the closure of
the hotels and the restaurants has
resulted in big damage to the local
tourist industry it is though the damage
to the environment that is the bigger
concern to the president there's been a
proliferation of new hotels and
restaurants discharging untreated sewage
directly into the lake workers have also
been kept busy by an outbreak of algae
exacerbating the pollution
but more than twelve months on some
people like this local farmer complain
that there's been little change in the
water quality the Garmon closed hotels
around the lake so they can't discharge
waste of water
this has improved the water quality in
our highly but not by very much
workers are laying pipes for a new water
treatment system in theory all hotels
and restaurants would eventually be
connected to these pipes only after that
happens will they be allowed to open
again and for many businesses that day
can't come soon enough the lake is what
draws so many people here but
environmentalists warn that the measures
taken so far to try to save it may have
come too late
Adrian Brown al-jazeera in Dali
Southwest China
