this is how asylum seekers do their
laundry inside Moria camp on the Greek
island of Lesbos this wastewater has
become the subject of an intense
political battle the nearest sewage
treatment plant to Moria is four
kilometres away
there's no pipe line connecting the camp
to it so tanker trucks shuttled back and
forth it's one of a number of services
now part of a lawsuit launched by the
head of the reception and identification
service which runs Moria and other camps
unbrace Eliopoulos spoke to Al Jazeera
about why he's blowing the whistle on
migration related contracts and
so-called fast-track funding I can go
directly to interested parties I can
come to you and make a deal without
revealing too much information to others
fast-track funding began in 2015 at the
height of the refugee crisis but
iliopoulos believes it's harder to
justify now the government applies for
EU money after it's already awarded
contracts for work and services and it
could be months before it finds out if
the EU is going to pay me upon you when
a particular expense is not selected for
funding it rewards the state budget in
our case it means when a funding
requests are rejected it's paid by Greek
taxpayers right now it's my impression
of the sum of 10 million euros worth of
funding claims they would dismiss for
services like catering sewage treatment
others al Jazeera has found fast-track
orders which bypass normal competitive
bidding and assigned catering and
housing contracts directly to individual
companies and non-governmental
organisations these can involve
substantial amounts of money this 10-day
contract to feed more than 8,000 people
in Moria is worth half a million dollars
assigned directly to a local consortium
it does not state where the money will
come from and the Greek taxpayer could
end up with the bill in the last four
years the European Union has allocated
1.8 billion dollars to Greece in
compensation for migration related costs
such as food sheltering in search and
rescue what is unknown to the Greek
taxpayer is how much the government has
spent through emergency procedures that
aren't eligible for EU funding and there
are hidden costs to this way of doing
business
the regional governor on lesbos says
she's been asking for Moria to be
connected to the sewage treatment plant
for two years in me scene they see not
connecting Moria - it leads to the
sewage being dumped in the surrounding
dry riverbeds
we have been forced in the interests of
Public Health and the environment to
impose fines of 50,000 and 80,000 euros
on the migration ministry because the
water table is being contaminated the
ultimate cost though is borne by the
asylum seekers themselves it is they who
have to live with the smell of dumped
sewage and are forced to eat meals
produced without any guidelines allowing
caterers to expand profit margins at the
expense of quality jumps our applause al
Jazeera
Maria
