supporters of the pro-kurdish Peoples
Democratic Party in the al-baqarah HDPE
cheering their presidential candidate
from his prison cell salahuddin de
mirage chose the last minutes of the
election campaign on Saturday to give
his final TV address through a video
recording I congratulate all our people
who will stand for democracy by going to
the polls
I hope the results of this election are
going to be for the good of the country
I invite all voters to respect the
ballot boxes and the will of the people
the midrash ran for president in 2014
with nine point seven percent of the
votes he came third after president
aired one and then opposition leader
ahmed dean as an igloo
but in 2016 who was thrown in jail for
alleged links to the band called stan
Workers Party or PKK which Turkish
authorities consider a terrorist
organization
now many Kurds look at the Mirage as a
symbol of their political aspirations
it's not going to be a fair election
since our leader salahuddin de Mirage is
not free but even with him in prison
we're going to do our best to win for
decades the Kurdish party struggled to
get the 10% of seats that's needed to
enter parliament it finally reached that
goal in the June 2015 general elections
now the Kurds say that the least they
can aspire to achieve is to preserve
that success at the headquarters of the
party there was only one expectation we
expect great results from this election
you've seen the last rally of our party
and how excited people have been even
more so than in 2015 I think the Abba
care has given its final word a big
victory on Sunday there are more than
three million Kurds living in the region
of the al-bakr but the total Kurdish
population in Turkey is about 15 million
about 17 percent of the electorate other
candidates are coating their votes
including president everyone who can
paint here earlier this month a gesture
of recognition
the Kurdish vote could be decisive in
this election and if a second round will
be needed Kurds could be the kingmakers
Hamad van al Jazeera dr Bakr Turkey
