united against brexit politicians from
across the uk's political divide walked
side by side at the head of a march
attended by thousands they arrived
outside Parliament with one demand a
final vote on any UK exit deal among the
demonstrators members of Prime Minister
Theresa Mayes own political party
committed to overturning brexit we want
a people's vote Deal or No Deal and I
think that's right look it can't be
right that 650 politicians sitting in
Parliament who are amongst themselves as
indeed our government and cabinet is is
divided on this question I think 65
million people in our country should
have a vote on the final deal the
protest is part of what's being called a
summer of action to put pressure on
Britain's leaders two years after the UK
surprise decision to leave the EU
Britain is still at odds over the
country to relationship with Europe the
country is fundamentally divided I'm
afraid those divisions haven't healed
and the reason for that I think is that
since the referendum I mean we lost the
referendum that's a fact but since then
Teresa mayors government as if all of
these people kind of don't exist and so
what this is about is basically saying
that we have to at least hold open the
option when she does come back with the
deal that the people are allowed to say
yeah that's what we voted for this
perhaps unsurprising here in London a
city that voted overwhelmingly to remain
part of the EU that there are such vast
crowds at this demonstration but what is
surprising is the two years after the
referendum and a year after crucial
negotiations began between the EU and
the UK there is still so much anger
and so much confusion public opinions
remain largely stable since the
referendum despite increasing pessimism
from businesses about what breaks it
will mean for them this week the
aeroplane manufacturer Airbus said that
it would have to pull out of the UK if
the government failed to secure a post
brexit trade deal putting thousands of
jobs at risk the UK faces a fifty
billion dollar divorce bill for leaving
the EU complications over its border
with EU member island and a US president
he might not be as welcoming about
British trade as first thought the
world's changed since britain fact
brexit only another vote say these
people can correct past mistakes
Nev Barca al Jazeera London
