this election is a milestone for turkeys
president Roger type-r dawn he hopes it
will see his country research on the
world stage
he promises more democracy more freedom
and more growth his supporters say he
should remain president until 2023 the
centenary of the founding of modern
Turkey we've come here to serve you not
to be your masters and our journey will
continue this way our dawn has five
other rivals waha Raymond J - dynamic
candidate for the main opposition party
CHP is a former physics teacher he has
served as a member of parliament for 16
years
India is most likely to make it into the
final round some critics say his
rhetoric is as populist as Arden's
especially on Syrian refugees he wants
to send them home
he is also vowing to lift restrictions
and fundamental freedoms and restore the
rule of law in Turkey
Bucci the Constitution hands over
everything the budget jurisdiction and
legislation to one person all these
powers cannot be handed over to a single
individual breakaway nationalist party
leader man election air is the only
female candidate called the she-wolf by
her admirers actioner served as the
interior minister in the 90s a period
Turkish state had suppressive policies
against Kurdish citizens
she has campaigned on social justice and
the self-sufficient economy the
government are using methods to
deliberately impoverish our people and
exploit their poverty to remain in power
pro-kurdish Peoples Democratic Party HDP
candidate Selatan de mirage has run his
presidential campaign from behind bars
dubbed as Kurdish Obama he promises to
lift the state of emergency restore
freedom and democratic institutions what
we are living today is just a teaser for
the one-man regime the actual scary part
of the movie has not yet begun so on
Sunday you will determine with your
votes whether this atmosphere of fear
begins or not
religions presidents are John hasn't
lost an election since 2002
despite his upper hand in public support
he faces challenges in foreign policies
security and economy Plus this time his
rivals are more competitive than
expected seen anchor Sula al Jazeera
Istanbul
