American evangelical pastor Andrew
Brunson is finally free his detention
led to pressure from the United States
government and a doubling of tariffs on
Turkish goods Bronson was among
thousands of people arrested in 2016
after the failed coup attempted to
overthrow Turkey's president reject a
pair John accuses businessman Fethullah
Gulen of orchestrating the attempted
overthrow and is demanding his
extradition from the United States
Donald Trump has said no and when aired
on refused to release the pastor Trump
in retaliation doubled Turkish import
tariffs 50 year-old Branson led a small
congregation in the city of Izmir and
has called Turkey home for more than 20
years prosecutors said Brunson used his
religious work as cover for being a spy
he was accused of trying to convert
Kurds to Christianity to divide the
country other charges included guilt of
association with the outlawed Kurdistan
Workers Party or PKK and the Gulen
movement the indictment which came 18
months after his detention was based on
secret witness claims they deleted
Metallica farther than the evidence
collected and testimonies given in the
past became void after the new witness
statements also NGOs and think tanks
contributed Lots during the course of
the trial as a lawyer and must say it is
the right decision the court's ruling is
seen by some as justice that has finally
been done but two years too late and
that pastor Bronson should have never
been in jail but his release is welcomed
by both Turkey and the US and that could
go some way towards mending the ties
between the two sinem Casula al Jazeera
is me
