the Mexican team in Russia is not on its
own this world cup its spiritual
guardians are lining up to intervene on
its behalf the country's self-proclaimed
head warlock is pitching him with a
traditional spiritual cleansing and a
mystical pep talk for the boys we are
going to invoke our United theme for a
team of 11 that play for each other he
and his colleagues have become old hands
at channeling the forces in Mexico's
favorite tournament time but the cosmic
energies haven't always played bull in
Mexico's you can see what their head
warlock says is always a fairly big deal
but he's not completely infallible the
last four tournaments he's actually
predicted the wrong winner perhaps
sensing a gap in the sport spiritual
marketplace the Catholic Church has also
got in on the act
apparently the child's saint of miracles
is back in Mexico his colleague the Guru
of tacuba has left him a handwritten
note asking him to work his magic he's
not the only believer we deserve a world
cup we've got several players playing
abroad we know it could be important and
I feel like this time the child Saint
wants to give us this gift as a blessing
from him to us the paranormal help
seemed to work in the first game a shock
win against world champions Germany that
surprised even Mexicans themselves they
swiftly piled out into the Capitals main
avenue for that most sacred of all
Mexican celebrations a huge fiesta John
Holman al Jazeera Mexico City
