a mark of solidarity with journalists in
detention across the world and those
targeted by state and non-state actors
al-jazeera's muhammad hussein who's been
in detention in egypt for more than 500
days received a special mention and his
daughter gave an emotional plea I call
for the release of my father my call is
for the Egyptian government first
because my dad is an Egyptian citizen
who hasn't done anything wrong or
anything that would harm his country who
he loves deeply I called for the release
of my father and I asked everyone who
can support him to support him
members of the media a unanimous in the
condemnation of repressive actions
against their colleagues and the
industry the picture painted for
participants is bleak and worrying
journalism is increasingly under
pressure IP I regularly monitors the
level of freedom and independence that
journalists enjoy and this has eroded
all over the world we see an increasing
number of attacks against journalists of
all types it's penny years in Saudi
Arabia United Arab Emirates Bahrain and
Egypt demanded among other things that
al Jazeera media network be shut down in
order to leave the blockade for most of
its work whose network and journalists
have become targets especially in the
Middle East and North Africa the future
of the network has never been more sure
if will Jazeera
is not following the right kind of
editorial standard the right kind of
journalism a professional journalism
then these countries wouldn't be asking
for the shedding of Al Jazeera it's
because of what we are that they are
asking for they are demanding the
chlorophyll to zero the zero is going to
continue the same thing and actually as
bold as ever as professional as ever and
as as balanced as ever and is going to
stand is and I don't think that the good
journalists that we have in al Jazeera
would would would accept any kind of
change in our editorial standard in a
town hall meeting media executives took
some time to talk about good journalism
media independence and the challenges of
journalism in a technology-driven era
what stood out is a debate about the
right to practice the profession without
harassment or intimidation to award this
year's Chairman's Award to the Al
Jazeera
although the challenges are many the
2018 World Congress of the international
press Institute took some time to
celebrate hard work and resilience by
handing out awards including to Al
Jazeera am indeed Ries al Jazeera Abuja
Nigeria
