this was the moment the grenade exploded
close to where Prime Minister Abbie
Ahmed was sitting for a few moments
there was confusion before members of
the security forces came on to the stage
and led Abby Ahmed to safety witnesses
say they saw the man who targeted the
prime minister there's the Prime
Minister were just concluding his speech
and that moment there was a grenade
thrown against him but I think that the
guy was just trying to throw to the
stage wireless guys beside him just took
him so that's the grenade just went off
on us and it was a bloody end to a day
that had started with so much optimism
hundreds of thousands of Ethiopians had
gathered in the capital addis ababa
'he's mescal square for a rally to
support their new prime minister since
taking office in april the 42 year old
has announced a series of reforms
including the release of tens of
thousands of prisoners the opening of
state-owned companies to private
investment and a proposed peace deal
with Eritrea in an address to the nation
after the attack Abby said that those
trying to divide Ethiopia would not
succeed in yum my fellow pilots but it
enough
certain groups planned and coordinated
to destroy this large gathering to kill
innocent people and to spilled blood on
our streets they have tried very hard
but their entire plot has failed
questions are being raised though about
whether the security operation for such
a large rally was adequate it was really
huge actually according to some
estimates there are people in the sport
like around 1 million the security is
high but comparing to with the previous
insecurity actually the security the
security situation and the post office
area and it relaxed at this time around
Prime Minister Abby says he is
determined to bring change to Ethiopia
but this attack highlights the length
some will go to to try and stop him
Victoria Gaytan be al-jazeera
