theirs is a journey which changed the
face of Britain the story of the people
who arrived from the Caribbean to help
rebuild the British economy in the wake
of the Second World War the so called
Windrush generation celebrated inside
Westminster Abbey a few kilometers away
in Brixton in a place many people
settled a party to mark the anniversary
Elsie Sutherland arrived as a 22 year
old from st. Vincent and the Grenadines
in the early 1960s
anyway you go you unlock touch there
friendly like an alien Elfi along with
thousands of others helped turn
Britain's poor Tunes around but the
journey to transform the country into a
multicultural society wasn't an easy one
when people arrived in those early days
it was tough some faced outright
hostility who could have predicted that
70 years old
some people would have faced deportation
from the country they regarded as home
earlier this year it emerged that some
members or relatives that the Windrush
generation had been threatened with
deportation refused health care and lost
their jobs because they couldn't prove
their legal status in part because
immigration rules had changed Jr green
arrived in Britain as a baby he was
caught up in the scandal and missed his
own mother's funeral because he was
stopped from boarding a plane back to
the UK after visiting Jamaica for the
first time in years I felt betrayed yeah
and deeply hurt because they took
something from me can never be could
never get back the government apologized
over the scandal and has announced
celebrations to mark the Windrush will
take place every year for some though it
is long overdue there is a disconnect
between what is going on in the
Blackstock African African Caribbean
communities and what is going on in the
mainstream white society which is let's
say politically dominate
where we have been overlooked but that
doesn't mean we ourselves don't
celebrate and commemorate our
contributions because we are the ones
who keep this stuff alive for many the
greatest legacy of the Windrush
generation will be when the contribution
of all communities in Britain is fully
recognized Emma Heyward aljazeera in
London
