violence in Nicaragua has killed more
than 200 people since the political
crisis began two months ago this
according to a preliminary report
presented to an emergency session of the
Organization of American States facing
international condemnation
for the violence against peaceful
demonstrators the Nicaraguan ambassador
to the OAS denied the findings of the
report the government of Nicaragua
rejects the findings of the report by
the inter-american Human Rights
Commission as it is subjective skewed
prejudiced and biased Nicaraguan human
rights observers have been tracking and
verifying cases of human rights abuse by
government forces Vida meninas director
of the Nicaraguan Center for Human
Rights says the evidence is clear and
the Nicaraguan ambassador lied to the
international community
he lied deliberately hiding the fact not
only lying but flipping a script
blaming the victims for the actions of
the government social order and the rule
of law have begun to break down in
Nicaragua human rights activists say
authorities are no longer policing the
streets activists like Monique elephants
are organizing neighborhood defense
committees to protect residents against
an increase in crimes like burglaries
and assaults
ana fl√°via there is no authority left
that people trust here not only can we
not trust the police but the government
is using law enforcement as a mechanism
to inflict political terrorism the
divide between the government and civil
society continues to grow and a national
dialogue hosted by the Catholic Church
remains the only attempt to mediate the
crisis peace talks may have stalled for
now but the Catholic Church did recently
negotiate the release of two dozen
detainees who are arrested during
peaceful protests that result is being
seen here as a sign that peace may be on
the horizon
manopoly al Jazeera Managua
