a young mother desperate to get back her
child American officials deported UN
artists to Adam ala a month ago after
she tried to sneak across the border and
claim asylum but her eight-year-old son
is still in the u.s. the only thing she
knows for sure is his whereabouts a
shelter in Houston a social worker with
Anthony called in I saw him nervous even
though he seems to be calm I know he's
anxious Restless and about to cry she's
spoken with him twice tried to cheer him
up but she says she's terrified US
officials will deem her unfit they told
me they would give him up for adoption
during those days in those deals I was
not well because they didn't give me any
information about my son
they took him without telling me and
that was it Anthony is one of 465
Guatemalan children recently separated
from their families and detained as a
result of the u.s. zero-tolerance policy
on Friday you are Northeast joined
outraged Guatemalans in front of the US
Embassy here demanding that the US and
Guatemalan governments reunite families
but their plight is only one part of a
much larger crisis many say the
situation is not only heartbreaking but
complex family separation in Central
America is also voluntary out of great
necessity on Friday a reunion between 16
year-old firming lioness and his father
Arnall faux fur mean left 15 days ago on
his own to try to reach the US was
caught
Mexican police sent him back to what the
male gender biscuiting with this is a
sang espero I may be 16 but I feel I
have to fight for my future to get ahead
in life and help my father because we
don't have economic resources
what the Malon social welfare officials
say more than 2,600 miners who try to
leave on their own or deported from
Mexico and the US this year alone many
are united with their parents in to
government shelters in the country they
provide them with food a bed and some
psychological help they are meaning and
see also they arrive anxious because
they want to see them
the siblings the emotional repercussions
will be seen later johanna can't hold
back her tears her boyfriend hired a
lawyer in the US but she hasn't heard
from them
she says her options now have narrowed
down to praying to God and hoping that a
Guatemalan government official will take
up her case and help her bring Anthony
back home Mariana Sanchez al Jazeera wot
Amala city
