for one mother the pain of separation
over seven-year-old Darwin was taken
from BIA tamekia Mejia at the border in
Arizona
they come from Guatemala now after more
than a month she could finally hold them
again she sued the government for her
son's return and won I started crying
when I saw him because he's the only
child I have I thank God because I have
him here with me
he's now sad but nobody's going to
separate us again but though Donald
Trump signed an executive order halting
the separation of children from their
families thousands still face the pain
of separation and no one knows when they
will be reunited the executive order of
President Trump does not solve the
problem we still face the reality of at
least 2,300 of these young children who
have been separated and there's nothing
you said nothing about what we're going
to do to reunite them or to take care of
them during this period of time Donald
Trump started the day with the series of
tweets arching Republicans to ditch
plans to pass new immigration
legislation saying Republicans should
stop wasting their time on immigration
until after we elect more senators and
Congress men women in November this just
days after he demanded Congress sort the
problem out then he hosted so-called
angel families people who had relatives
killed by undocumented migrants these
are the American citizens permanently
separated from their loved ones
highlighting he's not backing away from
his hardline immigration stance once and
for all with one safety in our country
we want strong borders we want people to
come in but we want them to come in the
proper way
le on Friday protesters surrounded the
home of Homeland Security Secretary
Christian Nielsen completed fill volume
a recording of children after they've
been separated from the parents at the
border it's been a difficult week for
Donald Trump but with no deal on
immigration in sight and no clarity on
what no needs to happen on the border
next week isn't looking good either
Allen Fisher al Jazeera Washington
