beyond doubt that is how Turkish
authorities have described the evidence
they have that Jamal Ashok she was
murdered by a Saudi hit squad sources
close to the investigation have now
disclosed that the Saudi journalist was
wearing an Apple SmartWatch which he
used to record as he entered the
consulate the watch can only record
audio but the voice notes were enough to
establish what's happened to the
renowned journalist hishaku geez watch
was synced to his phone which he had
left with his fiancee who waited for him
outside according to sources these
recordings testify to how her chakra was
tortured and murdered by a kill team
sent to assassinate him this is a crime
that torture happens and that killing
happen so at a minimum an important
disappearance and if the if it's true
that he was assassinated inside embassy
and they would also be responsible for
extrajudicial executions so there's a
possibility it's clear for the Kingdom
of Saudi Arabia it is for them to reveal
his fate and his whereabouts at this
time for days Saudi Arabia has remained
silent since its initial statements that
Chuck Jay had left the consulate shortly
after he arrived and that the
accusations of murder are baseless now
however the Kingdom has dispatched King
Salman top advisor Prince Khalid al
Faisal who met with Turkish presidents
read up tape Iran on Friday to try and
find a way out of this crisis Jamel
Hatake may not have known the nature of
what awaited him before he entered those
doors never to be seen again but he was
astute enough to realize that he had to
take some sort of precaution before
entering the consulate those who planned
this assassination may have thought that
they accounted for everything but in the
end it seems that Jamal hachioji managed
to successfully defy those who try to
silence him even after he was killed
