tonight the fate of Yemen's worsening
humanitarian crisis was crucial to
bringing in food oh I'm Richard Gibbs
bird and you're at the listening post
here are some of the media stories were
tracking this week the war in Yemen will
the latest coalition offensive finally
get this story the kind of coverage it
deserves journalism in Syria suffers
from a different kind of problem does
the truth even stand a chance then a
brutal murder of a Kashmiri editor sends
a chilling message to anyone trying to
report from the region and an American
cartoonist becomes collateral damage in
Donald Trump's war against the US media
he's out of a job for a conflict
described by Amnesty International as
The Forgotten War Yemen has found itself
in an unusual place over the past week
in the news the reason for that is the
assault by the combined forces of Saudi
Arabia and the United Arab Emirates on
the port city of Hoda the UN already
calls Yemen the world's worst
humanitarian crisis and that port is
where Yemenis get 70% of their aid
supplies while it's the saudi-led
coalition that has waged this war from
the air over the past three years
hitting multiple civilian targets many
media outlets describe Yemen as a proxy
war which is why you'll be familiar with
the term iran-backed Houthi rebels but
how much attention has been given to the
United States and the United Kingdom
whose weapons sales and military
assistance have enabled wealthy Gulf
monarchies to wage war against the
poorest country in the Middle East for
British and American journalists that
should make Yemen a foreign war with
plenty of domestic angles but you
wouldn't know it from the kind of
coverage and the overall lack of it our
starting point this week is Ho Dida
troops are fighting to retake the key
port city of hone dato the coastal city
of her data has been held by Iran the
return of the war in Yemen two news
agendas has been long overdue it took a
new target the port at home data to do
it they're trying to capture the city of
600,000 people putting their lives at
risk but also putting the lives of 22
million people at risk who depend on
that aid coming from today though Yemen
has always been a forgotten story it's
been extremely difficult for
international media to go to Yemen how
can you tell that story if you don't
have people operating in those areas and
that for me is the biggest challenge
when covering the metric campaign
against the Houthis in Yemen I don't
think the lack of coverage is explained
by the fact that it's difficult for
journalists to get into the country when
there's an airstrike on a school or a
hospital or a marketplace or a home I
can find pictures of that because people
in Yemen take pictures of that that's
not the problem the problem is an
unwillingness to show the US or UK role
in the conflict the Shiite Muslim
Houthis supported by a rock on the roll
of outsiders one of the most skewed
representations in this conflict has
been the Western media sconce team use
of the term iran backed Houthi rebels
this began as a civil war yemeni against
yemeni in 2015 within weeks the saudis
leading a military coalition of nine
countries intervened and made it
regional one of their justifications was
that iran was supporting the Houthi side
there was little or no evidence for that
at the time however as the war dragged
on Iran's involvement has grown still
the support Tehran provides the Houthis
pales in comparison to the backing the
Saudis and the UAE get from Washington
and
between them since the war began the US
and the UK have sold more than 12
billion dollars worth of weapons to the
Saudis alone including some of the
warplanes and the payloads they draw the
American military also provides midair
refueling for Saudi and UAE aircraft and
both British and US personnel assist the
Saudis as they target their strikes
hundreds of which have killed civilians
but on the relatively rare occasions
when Western news outlets actually cover
the story have they ever used the term
US and UK backed Saudis and UAE forces
the conflict has been cast in ways that
have been very misleading to a US or UK
audience people don't realize how
involved our governments are in creating
this catastrophe in Yemen it's construed
as something that just is happening
somewhere to people who are fighting
each other we're already ugly wall has
metastasized and it's grinding the ruins
of life into dust
casting it as a sectarian war and more
often as a proxy war between Saudi
Arabia and Iran which is completely
misguided very latest from the fighting
in Yemen now that proxy war really
that's raging between Iran and Saudi
Arabia when you have coverage which
doesn't really provide context which
doesn't really provide a proper
understanding of the key actors in a
conflict and also the role of our own
government publics are left with a sense
of a confused conflict what about Saudi
air support positions how helpful is
that where it's not clear who's right or
wrong it's not clear whether or not
we're involved in it these are big
political economic and military
relationships which would cause
increasing degrees of public dissent if
people were fully aware of what's going
on and you've got to remember there is a
close relationship between government
officials and and journalists about two
it's not just the journalists involved
it's the media outlets they work for CBS
is news magazine program 60 minutes is
an American journalistic institution now
in its fiftieth year on the air last
year it produced an extensive report on
Yemen going where most of the US media
have failed to go we have managed to get
pictures out of Yemen to show you what
the Saudi government does not want you
to see documenting the humanitarian
catastrophe and openly criticizing Saudi
Arabia the report was 13 minutes long
but there was not a single mention of
the u.s. role in the conflict the weapon
sales were the military and logistical
support
not one MSNBC is a 24-hour news channel
Americans considered to be on the
liberal side of the political spectrum
in 2017 the network produced exactly one
news report on Yemen one MSNBC had 8760
hours of airtime to fill last year's the
total time it devoted to the Yemen story
and the American angle in it three
minutes and 7 seconds if you don't know
what country I'm talking about maybe
that is because we and the American
press don't cover it very much the fact
that MSNBC refuses to cover Yemen just
goes to show you that support for the
Saudis and the Emiratis in the United
States is not just a liberal or a
conservative policy the fact that
journalists are not scrutinizing it more
just demonstrates that in American media
culture it really is okay to devalue the
lives of people in the Middle East and
the people that the United States
tramples on to obtain its policy goals I
also think that it's a really shocking
failure of journalists to push back on
the government's own narratives even
apparently critical journalists on MSNBC
become very reluctant to cover those
issues they mark out the boundary
condition of debate in the very
significant wastes time and time again
when we look at media reporting of
conflict and this is the case of Vietnam
and then really all the conflicts you
have since then the same pattern
they are beautiful pictures of fearsome
armaments the liberal left not actually
getting to the heart of really important
big issues when it comes to high foreign
policy and war there's a bigger picture
at play in Yemen than most of the
coverage from the outside world would
have you believe broader power struggles
that bedeviled the Middle East it's not
just about Iran Isis or al-qaeda nor is
the lack of coverage solely about the
lack of access there's more to it than
that
and however you frame it media outlets
that give the story the short simplistic
shrift are letting their viewers as well
as millions of Yemenis down if you go
back to the last twenty years
international media were trouble - Yemen
al-qaeda first struck a u.s. target in
Yemen in 2000 just a couple stories
related to Al Qaeda's presence in Yemen
apart from that it was really never on
the radar screen of the international
media suddenly it was summed up - this
fight against a proxy militia used by
the Iranians to further destabilize the
region that's not true we're 1718 years
into a series of very major conflicts in
the international system following 9/11
and these conflicts have been in a very
significant way driven by Western
governments and their regional allies
and really it's very very important that
we now start to sort of encourage
awareness understanding that we're not
observing a series of disparate discrete
conflicts and so we actually have a
broader Drive from Western governments
and their Gulf state allies in order to
shore up their control and influence in
the region
this explains why people sometimes don't
get sorry why is this happening and
who's backing who and what are the
agendas there in Yemen I've been
covering Yemen for the last 15 years and
people would always tell me the West
does not
cared about us as Yemenis they don't
care anymore about Yemen we're
discussing other media stories that are
on our radar this week with one of our
producers Flo Phillips Flo last week a
journalist was murdered in Kashmir a
prominent one what are the details of
this case
well Richard shoot at Bukhari was the
editor of a local english-language daily
the rising Kashmir in Srinagar the
capital of the indian-administered part
of Kashmir but he'd also become involved
in attempts to broker better relations
between India and Pakistan now he was
shot multiple times by three
unidentified assassins while sitting in
his car outside his office both of his
bodyguards who actually had been
assigned him 15 years ago were also
killed and on that point a former
security chief has since said that mr.
Bukhari had actually requested
additional protection from the Indian
Intelligence Service just a few days
earlier he was clearly fearing for his
life now I spoke with a Narada Basin
executive editor of Kashmir Times a
professional associate and friend of
akari's and asked her what it was about
his journalism that made him a target as
a journalist he was fairly professional
in his ways and was reporting things
very objectively and which in a place a
conflict situation like Ishmael it's not
an easy thing to do because there are
intimidations and pressures from all
sides the other thing is that Jo Booker
he was also wearing two hats it wasn't
his professional career in journalism
which was as problematic for some people
as his peace activism and as you
mentioned this guy had two bodyguards
they were killed as well and that must
leave Kashmir a journalist wondering if
anybody there is safe and it's a
community of journalists that has
suffered decades of threats and
intimidation from militants and Indian
forces alike I talked her miss Bassin
about that and the effect this may have
on journalism in Kashmir at the personal
level
it's a huge loss professionally I think
it's created a huge vacuum and beyond
that I think it is impacting all of us
because it is connected to the
collective grief in Kashmir Valley there
isn't an entire history of human rights
at views that this death signifies and
it has invoked a sense of fear and made
us aware about that sense of fear and
that is extremely disturbing this past
week also saw the u.s. news media
consumed by this undocumented migrant
story the thousands of children taken
from their parents by the border
authorities and placed in detention
centers despite some access issues the
journalists were having on this story
the coverage seems to be pretty much
non-stop in fact Richard all the major
US news networks have sent big names
down to Texas morning shows nightly
newscast they're all being anchored or
co-hosted from the border CNN has seven
crews in the region but you're right
recording inside the detention centers
is actually prohibited so news outlets
are stuck using the photos and videos
but the border protection authorities
are providing the New York Times tweeted
that they weren't going to use the
pictures if their own cameraman one
actually allowed in what did get a lot
of play however was a leaked audio
recording of children sobbing published
by the investigative outlet Pro Publica
and part of that tape was actually
played during a White House briefing
involving the Secretary of Homeland
Security Christian Nielsen not that it
moved her Nielson then had her own media
moment she was at a restaurant in
Washington when protesters shamed her
over the separation of families and it
was all caught on camera
and here's the kicker Richard the
restaurant was Mexican okay thanks a lot
there was a time when to see was to
believe that is no longer the case at
least in Syria in seven years of
fighting there the bombing of civilians
tales of torture on both sides millions
displaced it's the chemical weapons
attacks that have produced some of the
most widely broadcast footage and the
most heated debates the most recent
suspected chemical attack occurred two
months ago in the city of Douma we saw
image
a frantic rescue efforts the hosing down
of victims children included however in
a war involving multiple states and
actors almost nothing can be taken at
face value arguments over the
authenticity of the footage the
credibility of the analysis the motives
and flaws in the reporting have been
intense and ongoing to call this an
information war is to sell it short it's
a news and information storm and trying
to navigate through it is far from easy
the listening-posts Meenakshi Ravi now
on the seeming impossibility of
understanding one of the most
contentious aspects of the Syrian war
the use of chemical weapons on a story
as contentious as the war in Syria where
in addition to bullets claims and
counterclaims fly across battle lines
and where numerous chemical attacks have
thrown up serious questions over what
evidence from the war zone can be
trusted it is doubly important to
consider the source for this story we
interviewed Rania Khalek a journalist
reporting on the underclass as she says
on her website she is based in Beirut
Eliot Higgins a British blogger who
started analyzing videos and documents
from the Syrian war in 2012 he is now
often referred to as a specialist in
open-source weapons analysis christian
benedict a campaign manager for the NGO
Amnesty International based in London
his focus for the past few years has
been the war in Syria max Blumenthal a
journalist and author of numerous books
in an interview he said what motivates
his work is it discussed with unfairness
and Elias Crone a DC based journalist
who covers how conflicts play out in the
cyberspace and consider to where you are
seeing this story on The Listening Post
airing on al Jazeera English an
international news channel funded by the
state of Qatar
there are obviously a range of positions
on the use of chemical weapons
certainly for assets analysts
international were quite clear that
chemical weapons have been used
predominantly the Assad regime there are
obviously counter narratives which are
trying to say no chemical weapons
haven't been used all chemical weapons
have been used by the so-called
terrorists meanwhile American
journalists who have visited the area
have found no traces of poisonous
substances my position is that we should
be skeptical of everything coming out of
Syria because at the end of the day
there's not people on the ground who
actually know what's happening reporters
cannot get into the town civilians
cannot get out so internet videos are
the only evidence of their suffering all
we're hearing from is biased sources
whether it be the Syrian government or
whether it be Western governments or
insurgents on the ground who have been
pushing for regime change so we should
be skeptical of all allegations coming
out of this war this hour American and
coalition forces fifteen years ago in
2003 the United States under the
presidency of George W Bush went to war
with Iraq
US intelligence agencies claimed Iraqi
president Saddam Hussein had been
secretly developing weapons of mass
destruction in fact they can produce
enough dry biological agent in a single
month to kill thousands upon thousands
of people despite UN weapons inspectors
saying they could find no evidence the
mainstream news media primarily in the
US and UK ran with the Bush
administration's version of the story
the intelligence shows and the senators
can backed us up that their massive
amounts of weapons of mass destruction
he has a very unaccounted for those
claims proved to be false they were lies
and the US and British media along with
the government's whose lies they
propagated have been struggling to
regain their credibility ever since it
was this really seminal moment in post
9/11 history in the United States it
shattered trust in government and a
child trusted media was not enough
critical reporting explosions fireballs
mushroom clouds of fearsome display of
American military might the Iraq war
it's Exhibit A for why it's so important
to critically evaluate these types of
statements by the government I cannot
think of one pundit on the national
scene in cable news or at any major
newspaper who has questioned the drive
for regime change in Syria
he's got Russia and Iran behind him and
we want him out so we need to tip the
balance of power so it's really left to
a small group of journalists and online
activists to really sift through what we
believe is disinformation from our own
governments aimed at stimulating a war
of regime change
the sheer volume of information
available online about the Syrian war
has been unprecedented videos images
uploaded documents witness testimonies
it has led to the rise of what's called
open source investigation which is
analysis of material that is available
on the web one of the best-known
websites examining evidence of chemical
attacks in Syria is Belen Kat Eliot
Higgins the founder of the site spoke
with us about the process of open source
investigations I've spent six years
looking at chemical attacks in Syria
generally you're going to be looking at
things like YouTube Facebook and Twitter
accounts but we're also reaching out to
groups on the ground to recording videos
speakers of witnesses getting a kind of
an idea of what the kind of emerging
narrative from the attack is then we
cross-reference that against an actual
video footage so for example it's demo
we had three or four videos showing the
interior of the building but we had to
figure out if it was the same building
so even though it features in this video
that was shared so we piece all of these
together kind of like a jigsaw I am NOT
an expert amount of military experts I
am NOT an expert in satellite analysis
or video analysis but neither is Eliot
Higgins the founder of belem cast we
wouldn't accept the medical claims of
somebody who hasn't been to medical
school another problem is that Eliot
Higgins and his colleagues at Bell and
Kat are not on the ground in Syria which
means they lack context they lack direct
witnesses they lack impartiality they
lack physical evidence and one thing I
will say I mean when it comes to the use
of open source material it does in some
way provide a greater ability for the
public to understand the evidence if the
use of chemical weapons has been
documented in a large body of real-time
evidence then that's something that you
as a citizen you can go and watch and
you can ask yourself well what happened
however online investigations are only
as accurate only as credible as the
material they are based on a lot of what
Higgins and others rely on has been
provided by the Syrian civil defense a
group better known as the white helmets
they call themselves a neutral
humanitarian group of volunteers
rescuing people from the rubble of
buildings hit by bombs a documentary
about their work even won an Oscar in
2017 in addition to their rescue
missions the white helmets post videos
from the war zone their footage of
airstrikes and chemical weapon attacks
have been used widely by the media many
call the white helmets heroes in the
face of unrelenting brutality heroes
have emerged they are civilians who risk
their life to save others others say
they are propped up by foreign
governments and have strong links with
Syrian militias considered terrorists
the white helmets are not just a group
of ordinary rescue workers it's the
white helmets are an international
influence operation and what makes it
it's specially scandalous is that the
white helmets have been funded with at
least 23 million dollars from the State
Department's Office of transition
initiatives which is the regime change
arm of the State Department as well as
55 million dollars from the British
Foreign Office and untold millions from
the government of Qatar the financial
parent of al Jazeera and the white
helmets have participated in public
executions that's been well documented
they have been filmed celebrating
alongside members of Javad on the surra
the syrian al Qaeda affiliate and they
have also participated in rescuing
people from under the rubble but that's
only part of the organization this
organization should be immediately
defunded
the Syrian conflict is a story where
propaganda misinformation fake news and
denialism all meet to confuse obstruct
and sway often successfully that
multiple chemical weapon attacks have
taken place is a fact confirmed by
several international organizations but
the who why and how angles of these
stories take time to investigate and
clarify details often remain murky for
long after the attacks are out of the
headlines people generally have less
time to read an 80 page reports from the
United Nations they're gonna pick the
tweet which says Jaysh al-islam were
responsible for the attacking Duma and
they're gonna go with us because they
have a sense that that's some
information that they can run with it's
easily digestible it's like the
McDonald's of information is one of the
most covered military conflicts in
history and despite all the information
and data available on the 80 cases of
chemical attacks documented the more we
read about them
the more we're told about them the less
we feel we actually know the future
goals that truth is the first casualty
in war certainly in the case of Syria
the truth even the facts are as
contested as the battlegrounds
journalists are trying to report on and
finally the Pittsburgh post-gazette was
clearly not amused so it fired its
editorial cartoonist Rob Rogers says he
was terminated last week for making fun
of Donald Trump according to Rogers who
spent almost a quarter century in the
job the last six cartoons that he
submitted for publication including this
one showing President Trump separating a
child from its migrant family were all
spiked by the editor the paper said it
tried to find what it called a middle
way with Rogers but that he had been
unwilling to quote collaborate unquote
and it's worth noting as the mayor of
Pittsburgh did that the firing came just
one day after Trump called the u.s. news
media our country's biggest enemy we'll
leave you now with some of the cartoons
the Post Gazette saw unfit to print and
we'll see you next time here at The
Listening Post
you
