this weekend elections in Turkey
millions of people go to the polls to
elect a president and the new Parliament
it's the first time since the referendum
last year when the people approved a new
constitution giving more power to the
presidency today on talk to Al Jazeera
we discuss what President Erdogan hopes
to achieve if he wins a new term in a
conversation with a spokesperson but
first another contender for the
presidency the leader of the Sudeten he
says president Erdogan is not doing
enough to unite the Muslim world abroad
and is moving the country to a
dictatorship at home
with the thermo caramel Oulu thank you
very much for talking to Al Jazeera
thank you very much
traditionally you and your party have
been allied with President Erdogan and
the AKP what is it that made you peel
away from this alliance in these
upcoming elections well we did not peel
away from them they feel the way they
left us
they left the principles of Arabic on
and started a new course for themselves
the principles are completely different
we give a lot of importance for example
to ethical values and secondly we give a
lot of importance to economical and
technological development and thirdly we
have a different dignified foreign
policy what we call and we try to
establish an Islamic Union as well now
they have left all of these goals they
said that no we are going to join
European Union European Union is our
ideal set up and their values is
important for us and secondly they
accepted the United States and Israel as
their strategic partners and thirdly
they decided to adapt the capitalist
system wholly
without thinking about the actual
development of technology and industry
in our country so you say there is no
common ground between you and the AK
Party but you are now in collaboration
with the CHP for the parliamentary
elections what is there where is the
common ground between you and the CHP
first we have decided to come to pass
the threshold secondly the new system
pressure presidential system is going to
lead turkey to a dictatorship there is
no doubt because the parliament has no
influence on the president they can't
control they can't produce any values
which will be effective so the president
in fact is will decide whatever he
thinks proper without consulting the
Parliament this is the basic thing I
mean in in a country if you want peace
but the people the people chose a
presidential system this isn't a system
that's been imposed on the Turkish
people there was a referendum it was
free and fair yes no people chose it no
it was not free and fair that in first
let us decide on that even if I mean
according to observers it was free no no
well you can well we did not say
anything opposed whatever the public
have chosen but the point is that public
can make mistake as well it would be too
late when they they see realized what
the dangers are there and what they will
face ok so the share common ground
between you and the CHP is that you
believe that separation of cooperation
apparently the government should not
have any influence on justice on the
court okay
today the government directly controls
and gives in fact orders to the court
so the Joker shall have justice in a
world like this I want to ask you about
some of the other policies because
although a lot of the discussion and
these presidential elections has been
about separation of power has been about
the dangers that many of the opposition
parties believe the presidential system
he opposes you have for example the
candidate of the CHP mahara Minjae he's
vowed to send back all Syrian refugees
within a hundred days he's promised to
appoint a Turkish ambassador to Syria
whose government has killed hundreds of
thousands of people including Turkmen
are these policies that you believe are
shared common ground between decided
party and the CHP no we are not in a
coalition they have a different agenda
we have a different agenda the only
common ground is on the separation of
powers on the other agenda we don't
share a marriage of convenience yes
that's true when it comes to Syria well
from the beginning I can say that the
Turkish
a KP government has a foreign policy
which is which does not have a stable
goal they have always supported the
American policies they have always given
importance to unfortunately to Israeli
policies Ionis policies as well
seemingly they are very brave and they
can criticize Israel in every field they
can accuse them as being a terrorist
state but the decisions they have taken
and the Turkish relationship it is
really improved tremendously
I mean now right now it's not improve
you're talking about the past few years
there's been very difficult situation
was only recently no no let me tell you
one thing I believe in the trade
agreements our trade has increased
tenfold with Israel and the pilots who
are bombing Gaza is trained in Turkey
mm-hmm this is an important issue no one
takes no notice of this Israeli planes
who are bombing Gaza are trained in
Turkey can anyone grasp what this means
it's a it's a very difficult concept to
grasp because what a lot of people see
is the Turkish aid that goes to Gaza
they see the statements made by heard
one for example when the US declared
Jerusalem occupied illegally occupied
Jerusalem as the capital of Israel so
how do you justify this if all the
points that you put forth one helping
the Gaza Strip is brocade there yes
still blockade is continuing Gaza is an
open-air prison
did you talk is communal to anything I
mean there's no no no I mean we can put
forward a lot of questions but I am
asking a very clear question those
pilots who are bombing Gaza are trained
in Turkey blockade is still there
and what excuse of our trade with
Israelis improve we are given full
support when it comes to Jerusalem I
mean such a misleading attitude is put
forward in this case that what the
Islamic organization the system
countries OSE came together with the
decision they have taken what did they
say 16% of Jerusalem belongs to belongs
to Palestine from the other side what it
means it means that 84% belongs to
Israel no one takes notice of this and
of course they can't do anything but the
Palestinians are thankful because this
issue was carried to the United Nations
to what effect
nothing just accurate so you believe
it's just propaganda from just a
propaganda that is nothing else all the
policies we destroyed Americans
destroyed Iraq for what reason because
Saddam they accuse that Saddam had
nuclear weapons at the end they could
not find any they said we apologize it
was wrong what one and a half million
Muslims were massacred in Iraq who's
responsible isn't the policies of the
Turkish government has any
responsibility so you're saying that
under earth one and the AK Party they
have become closer to the United States
closer to Israel and they want to join
the European Union if you were in power
who would your allies be what alliances
would you build internationally exact
now first whether some people say that
well what happens if you bring the weak
countries together but still we believe
the unity of the Muslim countries we
have first d8 these are the countries
who have larger populations but sorry to
interrupt here
do you have Muslim countries that are
actively working against Turkey yes we
have the United Arab Emirates you have
you have Egypt you have countries that
actively are working to damage Turkey I
know this happened in the past as well
only if there is a mind a mind which is
that determined to correct the mistakes
that the countries are making you have
to hug them you have to bring them to a
table and discuss the matters what the
mistakes they are making you must have
you must show them that the decisions
they are taking are wrong but this is
not achieved by quarreling with them
fighting with them going to war with
them the Muslim world is burning all
over I mean we have to see what is
happening we have to try to bring them
together so that we shall solve our
problems ourselves if the Americans all
the Europeans all Israel interfere they
will not be able to come together they
don't want us to come together this is a
will that we have to put into effect to
be fair in the past ten years
Turkey's leadership role regionally
specifically in the Muslim world has
increased dramatically 10-15 years ago
no one really cared what sakis policies
were to be honest
so that is something but that is
something that you have to accredit no
no we have supported the United States
in Iraq that is something you're talking
about leadership role in the Muslim
world what positive decision the Muslim
world has taken tell me because of
Turkey one decision tell me I mean they
would say that the supporters of red one
on the government will talk to the work
that turkey is done in Somalia they will
talk about the interference in Myanmar
and the massacring the Muslims let me
tell you this is different
I agree Turkish cotton I mean when I
criticize the air demand or Turkish
government I am NOT saying that they
have not done anything of course
we agree that they have given a lot of
support
or to Somalia they have given a to other
countries are the places where the
bosoms are suffering I don't reject that
but the point is this is just a this is
not a policy which will bring the Muslim
countries to stand up on their own let's
move back to domestic issues for a
second and Sunday's elections they're
not only for the presidency they're also
for the Parliament and now while your
collaboration with the CHP is only on
the parliamentary election front you are
nominated as the candidate of your party
for the presidency the CHP as I
mentioned have the wrong candidates
Muharram enjoy now considering this al
Sadr party failed to get even 10% of the
votes in the last elections the last
parliamentary elections that is do you
really think that you personally stand a
chance of winning the presidency there
are some rumors that certain tricks are
prepared we don't know what would happen
you know when you take it take part in
elections you go there to win needless
to say president Erdogan has a different
view from the leader of the siddhattha
just hours before the polls open we sat
down with one of his leading advisors
and spokesperson now those who claim
that the new system will be some kind of
an authoritarian autocracy one-man rule
etc she'll study political history and
look at examples of other presidential
system why shall the presidential system
in and of itself be a one-man rule if
you look at for example how much power
American presidents have it's not any
different or you look at the French
model which is semi-presidential or look
at other countries where you have
presidential system like in Mexico
Argentina Indonesia Russia and other
countries so in and of itself the
presidential system cannot be called an
authoritarian system in fact if you look
at the model itself the full separation
of powers judiciary executive and
legislative in fact that is fully
separated in the presidential system but
your opponents say that the judiciary
isn't separated from power they one of
the reasons why they say they're running
against
president other one is because they
claim the government now controls the
judiciary and it's the judiciary acts
according to the whims of other one no
to the contrary in fact the judiciary
used to be dominated by a kind of a more
secularist type of judges and
prosecutors in the past and we have many
examples of this and then what happened
in the in the last five six years until
few years ago the ghoul inist s--
infiltrated the judiciary but we call
the fetter people they put their people
in key positions of the judiciary
prosecutors and judges and members of
high judicial councils and they were
controlling the judiciary now we have
eliminated the Gulen ist's from the
judiciary in fact if you look at how the
judicial system works in Turkey they
have been wrong you know impartial and
free position they make decisions every
single day on you know thousands of
cases from criminal cases to political
cases from civil suits to many other
things so they are independent in fact
within the new system presidential
system they will have more independence
because the members of the high councils
of judicial system will be appointed by
the President as well as by the
Parliament but also with members are
from the judicial bodies themselves so
why do you think the narrative
especially in Western media
international media is that actually
contrary to what you're saying
Turkey is moving towards this
authoritarian regime and aurora's system
of governance I think most of the
criticism that you get from some Western
media outlets and some commentators is
based on a total misreading of the
political realities in Turkey they are
very selective
they are very partial in fact some you
will call them a political activism
rather than really serious journalism to
give you a couple of examples some
commentators in the Western media are
predicted in almost every single
election in the last 10 years that eldan
was about to lose they advocated the
opposition candidates which is fine if
that's their position
that's fine but they fail at their
predictions every single time Aaron has
entered almost 14 or 15 I think general
local elections and referendum over the
last 14 15 years and he has won every
single one of them the vote on Sunday is
not going to be any different according
to the polls that we have and also what
we see on the ground they've been
campaigning for more than a month now
we've been throughout the country in all
the major cities I mean we see the
crowds on the streets and their
aspirations their expectations from the
government from the leadership it's very
clear that he is set to win this
election as well now if winning is a
crime then he is you know he's you know
he is guilty but that that's that's a
faulty logic obviously just because he
keeps winning it doesn't make him an
authoritarian person we spoke to some El
Carmen Lau who is a candidate for this
ad that party obviously they come from
the same school of thought of Nash
Mateen our Becan who was a mentor of
President when he says the reason why
he's contesting the presidency again
third one is because he believes
everyone and the AG party your party
have shifted away from the morals and
principles that you once claimed to
adhere to and have gone off in search of
essentially kind of ultimate capitalism
away from the principles of social
social justice as were of the underpins
of the AK Party the Justice and
Development Party well I can only laugh
at this claims because if you look at
the issues of social justice no other
political party or leader has done more
to raise the level of living standards
of ordinary citizens low income people
in Turkey than president are done over
the last 16 years you can see this in
the economic growth of the country
turkey was only a 250 billion dollar
economy in 2002 and our dawn took over
in fact it took over in 2003 and now
turkey is an 800 billion dollar economy
GDP per capita was about two thousand
dollars or two
twenty-five hundred dollars or so it's
it's about eleven thousand dollars at
the moment you look at the business
opportunities look at the big
investments the FBI FBI coming into
Turkey and so on so forth I can give
many many examples from health to
education from infrastructure to rose
hospitals and airports and seaports
tourism in all walks of life Turkish
economy has expanded Turkish society has
moved up in many areas and ordinary
citizens which makes up make up like the
vast majority of the Turkish people in
the rural as well as urban areas have
benefited from this equally in regards
to issues of like shifting turkey away
from traditional Western alliance or
other camps we've seen this argument
over and over you know he's accusing you
of going too much to the Western
alliances so too much to the United
States too much to Israel interesting
away from the Muslim world and your
channel regional yeah and others claims
that Turkey is moving away from the
traditional Western alliance and you
cannot make everybody happy obviously
but from say that particular point of
view let me say that again Turkey has
done more for the causes of the
oppressed people in the world not just
Muslims but also other people then again
any other country in recent history I
mean look at what Turkey has done in
Somalia look at what Turkey has done in
Palestine in regards to El coats as well
as in Gaza but all Palestinians just
remember president are the one who is
the president of the OIC the term
president had three summits under though
I see one regular and two extraordinary
summits and the two summits were about
Al coats well unless if I can interject
because I want to give you a chance to
respond to this specific accusation that
came from a Carmen Lulu Hui says that
these that you use Palestine as some
sort of electioneering tool in order to
gain popularity that actually
relationship with Israel has improved
trade between the two countries has
improved and actually that
president Edwin and the Act party
doesn't care or don't care about the
plight of those suffering in Gaza under
blockade about the illegal occupation
what's your response
it's completely unfounded baseless
accusation in fact this is election time
rhetoric really just polemical issues I
think the facts are very clear turkey
has done more in terms of providing in
military on aid to the Palestinians not
just in Gaza but also in the West Bank
in Alcott's area we have raised the
issue of coats at the international
level after the Americans decided to
move their embassy to Jerusalem Turkey
has done more has called for
extraordinary summit and mobilize the
international community and had a
historic success at the UN General
Assembly remembered 128 countries voted
against the yes decision and in the
second voting again there was
overwhelming majority supporting you
know the motion that we put together
with the Kuwaitis and the Egyptians and
the Jordanians I believe to reject
American decision to recognize Jerusalem
as the capital of Israel but also in
regards to what happened at the border
in Gaza in May and now we have succeeded
in calling for a protection force for
the Palestinians themselves so now the
Secretary General is mandated to bring
an action plan to the General Assembly
in regards to how to protect the
Palestinian civilians this has never
happened before in the entire history of
the Palestinian cause and this is thanks
to this mobilizing force of all the
countries that supported it Muslim
countries as well as European Latin
American and other countries and
president Ardoin played a
single-handedly heroic role in
mobilizing the international community
if this was just an election investment
why should he take that risk because
that puts us against you know some
prominent countries of the world such as
the United States Israel lobby etc that
keeps attacking president
dawn on every single issue so if you
cannot call it the election investment
as a genuine support and I think this is
proven over and over again
finally if presidents are the one wins
in the first round of these elections
what steps will he take in order to lay
the fears or at least to prove wrong
those who claim that he is continuing or
embarking on this authoritarian
dictatorial pursuit of you know one man
power over this country obviously it
takes two two to tango you cannot expect
just the president or the government to
do XYZ and that will LA all the concerns
I think other opposition parties will
have to do more to bring you know
different segments of the society
together we understand it's election
time you know it's hard campaigning we
understand all of that but come June
25th
you know we wake up to the new political
scene with the Parliament and the
presidency etc I think everyone should
have a role to play in normalizing you
know relations and sentiments in the
post-election period of course president
again will do his part as the president
of the country as the president of every
citizen in this country has never
discriminated against the citizens just
because they didn't vote for him no one
can claim that I mean look at the
services look at you know social justice
issues etc investments and all of that
he's never discriminated against anyone
but if you look at the discourse of
other political parties you know I have
some concerns about some of these issues
again this deepening of this
polarization if you vote for us that
means peace if you vote for them that
means war that kind of language we never
use that kind of language it's certainly
going to be a historic election with the
whole world watching the edge of their
seats dr. Karen thank you very much for
talking about Jazeera my pleasure too
much thank you
you
