motorbikes orange juice and whiskey the
EU strikes back at the US with tariffs
targeting Republican states bringing us
closer to an all-out trade war so how
will this dispute end and will it mean a
change to the global trade system this
is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Martine Dennis now it's the latest round
in a looming trade war on Friday the
European Union imposed 3.3 billion
dollars worth of tariffs on US goods now
it's a direct response to recently
imposed u.s. tariffs on imported steel
and aluminium European leaders tried to
change president Trump's mind about
tariffs during the recent g7 summit in
Canada that meeting you'll remember
didn't go down well at all and with a
new round of EU levies now taking hold
relations seem destined to become even
more tense we'll get to our guests in
just a moment but first Nev Barker sets
up our discussion from London the EU has
described the decision to slap tariffs
on almost three billion dollars worth of
US imports as a rebalancing measure
falling short of in any way referring to
this as a trade war whoever this is all
about making as much noise as possible
all about sending a symbolic message to
the White House in response to Donald
Trump's decisions last month to slap
tariffs on imports of aluminium and
steel here into the European Union that
probably explains some of the brands
that have been chosen to have these
tariffs slap to pull them including the
American jeans firm Levi's it's their
flagship store on Regent Street in
central London also harley-davidson
motorcycles Florida orange juice
cranberries
a bourbon from Kentucky and some US
metal imports as well Donald Trump has
already suggested that European car
manufacturers could be targeted with
more tariffs and the EU has also
suggested that it may have some ideas in
reserve suggesting that it's earmarked
around 3.6 billion dollars
the war us products to slap tariffs on
in the near future that's if the World
Trade Organization trade Court rules in
favor of the European Union's latest
complaint against the United States the
EU all in all though has made it very
clear that it's going to do what is
necessary to protect its consumers and
its producers but before it gets any
more complicated before things develop
any further potentially into dangerous
territory what the EU really wants is to
bring the United States possibly in the
company of China to the negotiating
table right now though nobody seems to
be talking well as Nev highlighted there
the new EU tariffs are carefully
targeted on states that support
President Trump and the Republicans
there's Kentucky for instance where the
famous bourbon whiskey is produced it's
also the home state of Senate Majority
Leader Mitch McConnell harley-davidson
motorcycles and artisan cheese both of
them produced in Wisconsin the home
state of Republican House Speaker Paul
Ryan and orange juice one of the most
important crops in Florida a swing state
whose Republican Governor Rick Scott is
in a tight race for a Senate seat
all right let's introduce our guests now
in New Jersey we have Steven Rogers a
member of the Donald J Trump for
president Advisory Board in Kuala Lumpur
we have Deborah Elms executive director
at Asian Trade Centre and in London we
have Sam Lowe international trade
experts at the Centre for European
reform welcome to you all very much
Steven can I start with you in New
Jersey the EU Commission President
jean-claude Juncker says duties imposed
on the EU by the US president go against
all logic and history what is President
Trump hoping to achieve well let's put
this into perspective
none of the actions that President Trump
has taken is punitive in nature what the
president wants to do is make sure that
everyone is on the same playing field
tariffs against the United States have
been out of control they've been unfair
and interesting the president really
never blamed the leaders of the EU for
this
he has blamed past u.s. administration's
for making bad deals I'm sorry can I
just get a little bit more clarity on
that because as I understand it
generally speaking European Union
Terrace are around the 3% mark and US
tariffs are around the 2.3 percent mark
so what would President Trump actually
like to see would he like to see both
sets of terrorists come down would he
like to see them remove completely
is he for free trade well yes he's for
free trade and I believe he wants to see
them come down both come down in and you
mentioned or you reporter mention
something interesting at the end of
their monologue at the end of the day
everyone is going to come to a
negotiating agreement look president
Trump is famous for being the great
negotiator the art of the deal is what
he counts on and at the end of the day
everyone is going to sit at a table and
I believe that the tariffs are going to
come down quite significantly let's go
to Sam then Sam in London the EU seems
to have been quite measured in terms of
its response with these
teres targeted specifically at key
states particularly of course in midterm
election year do in November and they're
designed then to have maximum political
effect rather than economic yes I think
that's correct so I think the important
thing to understand about tariffs is
that actually you're punishing your own
consumers when you levy them so so the
--use response has been strategic it's
being political and it's being designed
to cause as little damage domestically
as possible and I think and I think it's
legitimate you can't just have a
president marching around the world
making demands of other countries under
threat of future tariff increases and I
think it's time that someone stood up to
him and I think the EU is one of the few
economic powers that can do so
effectively and some the EU is retaining
obviously a lot more power up its sleeve
as it were I mean if indeed come come
the beginning of July when we expect the
impact of these terrorists to take
effect if come at that particular moment
in time do you think that the EU would
go still further and unveil a new
tranche of tariffs I think it's been an
ongoing debate in the European Union not
as to whether the EU should retaliate to
trump I think that's that that's fairly
fairly well agreed but between the
French and the Germans the discussion
has been how fiercely should we
retaliate with the French back in quite
a fierce retaliation and the Germans
being slightly more measured however the
German sentiment is shifting because up
until now they hoped that this could be
resolved through dialogue and that it
wouldn't escalate further onto the one
product the Germans are really worried
about cars but because Donald Trump
seems to be going ahead with his
national security investigation into car
imports now and is threatening future
tariffs rises on cars I think the
Germans are starting to come around to
the idea that maybe this is a man that
can't be reasoned with and only respects
displays of force and Deborah in
al how does it look from there because
of course we've got the us-china
sanctions dispute which is many people
are already calling an all-out trade war
how does it look from where you are well
I think the challenge and I apologize in
advance for my voice we've had too many
trade disputes in too many speeches
about trade I think the challenge here
in Asia in particular is that we are all
very tightly connected through supply
chains and so what appears to be fairly
targeted responses to different kinds of
measures often has fall off into other
unrelated sectors into firms that didn't
even know they were part of a supply
chain and so as these measures and
countermeasures in different sectors
starting with washing machines and solar
panels escalating to steel tariffs and
aluminium tariffs the countermeasures in
agriculture and other products fishing
boats and so forth and now with the 50
billion dollars worth of tariffs on 301
disputes between the US and China coming
very quickly we're discovering just how
interlinked firms are all around the
world but especially here in Asia into
supply chains that we didn't even know
existed and I think while you can say
these are political acts you can't
forget that there are real world
implications for the firm's that are
affected by them many of these firms
could potentially go bankrupt people can
lose their jobs even if the tariffs are
relatively short in nature even if the
the pain appears to be somewhat
manageable there are consequences to
these these kinds of things which is why
we try not to have these kinds of
tariffs escalations in the first place
and Stephen coming back to you these
perhaps unintended consequences of this
tariff war that has now been unleashed
could impact upon US consumers
themselves and as I mentioned already
this is a highly sensitive time for
President Trump isn't it given that you
go to the polls in November and there is
battle for control of the Senate and
indeed the House of Representatives at
stake
well let's talk about that the political
implications the EU is making a grave
mistake
president Trump is very very popular
despite what the mainstream media hear
saying the economy is growing and
getting stronger every month so at the
end of the day he has promised he would
look out for the interest of the
American people first and that's the way
they're seeing this now I think that was
right that we're finding out that
there's a lot of interconnection
worldwide and that's why I said earlier
as we begin to make these discoveries
insofar as how we're interconnected
economically we're going to all have to
go to the table and sit down and have a
conversation about this but the
president has made it clear that it's
got to be fair above and beyond anything
else fair for the American people so Sam
in London there's so Stephen is is
suggesting that this could all be sorted
out fairly amicably at a sit down around
the table how likely is that and if so
when I think I think it's already been
proved it can't be sorta dynamically
around the table and I think and I think
other countries have a point when they
say they don't want to negotiate with a
gun to their head and and just to go
back to one of the points made earlier
about we're finding out about all of
this interconnection I think there's
actually an argument to be made that
Trump or at least his team are
weaponizing uncertainty in the hope that
all of the different you know the
one-day tariffs are going up one day
they're going down we don't know what's
happening in the hope that American
businesses actually repatriate supply
chains from around the world to within
the US and and this is this is a theory
that's been put forward by Meredith
Crowley of Cambridge University and I
think and I think there's something in
it
but I do hope that this can be resolved
ultimately via discussion but at the
moment I don't think anything about
Trump's actions where he just continues
to escalate even further suggests that
he's interested in that and Sam can we
even go too far then as to suggest that
the powerful transatlantic alliance is
over no of course not I think I think
there's more than just
that Bond's the US and the EU but it's
certainly under strain it's certainly
not in great shape at the moment and I
think it would be quite bad for both
parties if the trajectory was to
continue on this on its downward path
and Deborah are we witnessing then the
unraveling of the of the established
World Order the conventional way of
doing things a system that's been in
place for seventy years or so largely
put in place by the US and its Western
allies is this now unravelling well
that's how it looks to many people and I
think that is what is causing such
concern among many people who have
watched the system it's it's a couple of
things so one is is it unraveling if so
it seems to be unraveling quite quickly
it took 70 years to build the system to
where it exists today you know it can
all topple over very very fast and we
may be reaching a breaking point much
sooner than people anticipate I know
we're counting on for example the World
Trade Organization to help stabilize
things but the u.s. is also undermining
the WTO's ability to do that and we
reach a critical point here in October
where the the WTO itself is going to
struggle to to handle these disputes
that are being thrown at it because the
judicial system at the WTO is going to
be hamstrung in its ability to resolve
these cases so if that system stops
working then we revert to a sort of you
know law of the jungle which is what we
had in the you know 1930s and 40s and I
think for people who study the trade
system the alarming thing is how long it
took to get us to this place where trade
is consistent and relatively stable and
where risks can be mitigated and where
companies large and small can trade with
one another
where consumers get the largest amount
of benefits and if that tips over how
long does it take to to rebuild that
system I think that's the danger and
that's why people who are trade
Ochs are watching this all unfold and
just can't even figure out how to
address the challenge because it has it
where do you even begin I mean you can
say we can all resolve this if we sit
down around a table who's sitting around
what table there really aren't a lot of
places to do that the timelines are very
very short the system itself is not set
up to handle this kind of threat from
the largest power that has traditionally
gained the largest benefits from that
system what do you do in response and I
think everyone is struggling to figure
out where do we go from here and Stevens
so we know that President Trump is is
perhaps more comfortable in a bilateral
setting he's not a multi naturalist at
all but there are many people around the
world who are pretty concerned about the
damage that is being done by his
administration to the multilateral
institutions that have governed the
world pretty much safely and kept away
an awful lot of the chaos that Deborah
has has alluded to for the past 70 years
is he aware of the lasting damage that
is being done well I believe there's a
lot of overreacting and I'd like to
expand expand upon what Sam said we've
got a lot more in common with each other
we have a long history with our allies
we're all involved in fighting terrorism
around the world where we're involved
with all sorts of other things other
than the terrace and and the economic
implications so I kind of look at this
as a big family squabble but Steve is
sorry too sorry to interrupt but it does
seem very much as though President Trump
who is as everybody now knows is the
transactional president for him
virtually everything comes down to cost
even when it comes down to issues of
fighting terrorism of security and
defense he wants NATO his fellow NATO
members to pay more for their defence
and so on he's even suggested that the
the joint exercises with South Korea are
suspended as a result of cost as a
result of course yes and he's made it
very clear that the United States is not
going to pay
everybody's way anymore whether it be
through military might whether it be
through economic issues and that's what
he promised the American people as I
said in my opening statement he wants
fairness I think the American taxpayers
are certainly in agreement with him that
they just don't want to carry the load
for everyone worldwide and there's
nothing wrong with that
that's called fairness and Deborah I'm
just wondering whether this system that
we have had in place for seventy years
or so whether it's actually in need of a
reboot
perhaps it it's served its purpose it's
now time to change it because as we now
know there are many people who have not
benefited at all from this period of
globalization from this 70 years of
Bretton Woods and so perhaps it is time
for it to be shaken up well I I I think
there is some merit to that but I'm not
certain that you want to knock over the
whole system and and think that you're
going to get a better outcome especially
for those who haven't seen benefits over
a period of largely peaceful global
economic growth I mean if you didn't
have economic benefits during 70 years
of peaceful economic growth and I don't
see how you're going to get economic
benefits from a period of economic
nationalism that rarely works out in
people's favor so this is the challenge
I think one of the consequences of an
America first strategy is that America
will find that there are costs to be
paid from putting America first and one
of those costs is that other countries
will seize the initiative and start
setting rules that are less favorable to
the US more favorable perhaps for other
countries in other regions and certainly
here in Asia there is a multiple efforts
underway to try to write new rules for
trade in particular that exclude the
United States that are available for US
companies who want to capture the
largest parts of the growing economic
marketplace in this region we have
almost four billion consumers in Asia
growing middle class and so forth those
rules will be written without the United
States
and I think that that is going to be
very interesting now the more that the
United States challenges the existing
status quo the more attractive those
alternative possibilities become and you
know I'm not so sure that people who are
triumphantly cheering behind Trump's
ideas now will be equally happy with the
results at the end you know to write one
year to year let's put that to Steve and
then Steven there's a real danger that
given the new world order that is being
created from the turmoil that is ensuing
as a consequence of the Trump
administration's policies and a new
world order is emerging the rules of
which are being written by somebody else
and they're not going to include you in
Washington DC that's a real danger well
let's wait and see but I could tell you
that when you look at West Virginia
Virginia and Pennsylvania and other
states where the steel mills have closed
and now they're going to reopen and
thousands of people are going to go back
to work and our economy is growing look
we're a very resilient nation you know
that we bounce back and meet any
challenge that comes our way no one
wants to be isolated from the world
neither does President Trump but I go
back back to that word fairness we need
to make sure that everyone and in this
case especially in the president's mind
and in the mind of the American people
that the United States is treated fairly
so I go back to my original case there
will be I believe in the at the end of
the day a sit-down with everyone around
a table and we're going to work these
things out so that everyone is treated
with fairness let's put that to you then
Sam clearly president Trump and his
supporters believe that the United
States is being treated unfairly are
they being treated unfairly and if so by
whom and what can be done about it
it's a slightly bizarre situation when
you see sort of the one global
superpower sort of masquerading under a
victim complex I mean who's treating the
u.s. unfairly it's the rules-based
system that we operate on was largely
driven through at the behest of the US
and
and it's large largely works when we're
talking about tariffs as you said at the
beginning of the program
EU and US import tariffs in terms of on
a trade weighted basis that are around
two to three percent they're about the
same so so it's sort of it's just
difficult to understand where this where
this complex is it has arisen from but
but going back to one of the earlier
points as well does the u.s. is retreat
from the world provide opportunities for
other other other nations other groups
of nations to take the initiative I
think yes I think Trump pulling out of
the trans-pacific partnership allowed
the EU to finalize its agreement with
Japan you've just seen the EU open up
negotiations with Australia and New
Zealand we've seen it's just upgraded
its agreement with Mexico in all of
these agreements is putting an export is
exporting its own regulatory frameworks
its own way of doing things and I think
and I think there is something to be
said that the u.s. is going to find that
if this continues and isn't resolved
soon in the retreat into itself into
isolationism into its own victim comfort
complex continues it's going to find
that the world around it changes and
perhaps not in the way it likes Steve
having having heard that how
apprehensive are you that perhaps
there's been a miscalculation on the
part of the president and his team and
that this this could indeed escalate
into a full-scale trade war of which
perhaps nobody actually benefits from
I'm not apprehensive at all in fact I'm
optimistic that it will not go into a
full-scale trade war I believe there are
a lot of cool heads in the Trump
administration in the EU at the end of
the day everyone's going to be sitting
down as I've said and say look we've got
a choice here we either go down a road
where everyone gets hurt as you said or
we go down a road where everyone is
going to be able to come together solve
this problem and work together so that
everyone benefits I'm an optimist look
Donald Trump has made a lot of promises
and he's kept those promises I remember
with North Korea he was being condemned
and ridiculed and criticized and look
where we are today with the Korean
consulate we just forgot about
everything that we wanted
Chairman Kim got the things he wanted
why because at the end of the day
everyone sat down and said where we
going with this and I believe we're
going to see a good outcome with regard
to the right Steven I mean obviously
Steven there are those that that point
to the fact that nothing has actually
happened when it comes to
denuclearization on the Korean Peninsula
having said that let me give the final
word please to Debra because I think
perhaps the most stark contrast of
course was the scenes from the g7 in
Quebec and then the Shanghai Cooperation
Organization meeting in complete harmony
or so it would appear and achieving an
awful lot in terms of dialogue that
contrast I think resonated around the
world I think it did and I think you are
going to see and we were already seeing
right now particularly here in Asia a
surprising amount of unity on different
things that have been blocked for a long
time so as an example we have a 16 party
trade agreement here in Asia called our
SEP that has been not stalled but it's
been moving very slowly for quite some
time I think it will accelerate
tremendously and they are trying to have
the substantial conclusion before the
end of this year I think we're going to
see that done the trans-pacific
partnership was going to be brought into
force early next year
many countries are fast-tracking it it
will probably be enforced before the end
of this year that would not have
happened had we not had such an
acrimonious g7 meeting that got
everyone's attention and they said wow
it's not just it's not just the things
like the two three two arguments about
national security
it's the rhetoric it's the language it's
the turning your back on allies that has
caused people to say in Asia
particularly we have to take care of
ourselves clearly and so we will do so
we will pick up whatever pieces we can
in whatever format works for us and we
will create whatever situations we that
we think work to keep open the path to
prosperity to keep open the jobs
opportunities for ourselves because we
can no longer count on an unreliable
ally out of the United States and I
think that is a entirely new ballgame
that we have never faced before all
right can I
thank you all very much indeed Deborah
Elms thank you for powering through with
a with a bit of a dodgy throat thank you
very much indeed Steven Rogers thank you
very much and Sam Lowe thank you very
much and as ever thank you for watching
the program you can see it again anytime
you like by going to the website
aljazeera.com should you want further
discussion go to our Facebook page
facebook.com forward slash AJ Inside
Story you can also join the conversation
on twitter our handle is at AJ Inside
Story I'm at Martine Dennis from the
whole team here in Doha it's bye for now
you
