her data is holding its breath with the
war in Yemen now in its fourth year
government forces and their Saudi
emirati coalition allies are aiming to
win control for the city's port which
channels food and medicine to millions
of people unfairly okay
and I'm Malika be loud you're watching
the stream live on YouTube we'll examine
what the battle for who day that means
for Yemenis living in already precarious
existence the UN considers the war in
Yemen I'm going to quote the you in here
the world's worst humanitarian crisis
but now that fighting close to the
northern city of her data has forced at
least 30,000 people to flee their homes
Yemeni troops backed by Saudi and
Emirati forces began operation golden
victory against their Houthi opponents
on June the 12th the pro-government
forces say they have already taken
control of her datas airport from the
Houthis and now they have their sights
on control of the port just a few miles
to the north so far it has remained open
but there are concerns that a battle for
the port could stop ships from docking a
clip for my colleagues at aj+ explains
just how crucial it is for supplies to
enter who data have a look
who'd Ida is the single most important
point of entry for the food and basic
supplies needed to prevent famine and
the recurrence of a cholera epidemic we
fear that as many as 250,000 people may
lose everything even their lives
you
joining us via the phone from her data
is Hussein advocating he has a pro
Houthi journalists welcome to the stream
I'd like to start with this tweet from
but ah she says he says excuse me the
people in her data are afraid of being
trapped in a conflict for a long time
and are tired of being suppressed by the
Houthis the ideal solution was for the
UN to reach a compromise deal however
now that is too late Hossein give our
international audience an idea of what
life is like in her data right now I
know but now when I was written back to
Normandy they are very discreet in the
shops and to do this process to the car
unattended belinha didn't really come in
and I come to the College in the
students with them and application area
the fishermen convey to share in the
cost and the city actual in the same
unfortunately we don't have the best
connection with you I do apologize
there's one thing I I do want to share
though with our viewers and this is
something you tweeted out not very long
ago and it explains through people who
are following you on Twitter that you
were her data port
just imagine the only port that serves
more than 17 million people was empty
and now under threat and here you are
walking around basically doing a little
bit of a show-and-tell
what's the most important thing that we
need to know about her there to port
from your perspective is saying just
make it brief so that we can hopefully
pick up what you're trying to say go
ahead
it's saying go ahead all right it's very
difficult to actually keep that
connection going so I'm gonna bring in
other guests that we have who's saying
thank you for trying to join us and I
apologize for the audio there for more
on the challenges facing civilians in
Yemen we're joined by Ron chef a
journalist and documentary filmmaker who
has reported extensively on the war she
is senior crisis advisor at Amnesty
International which last week released a
report on how both the Saudi and Emirati
led coalition and the Houthis are
holding up essential aid also in New
York is summer no sir she is chairwoman
of Yemen aid a humanitarian organization
and here in the studio we have some our
al hamd ani she's a Yemeni political
affairs commentator and a visiting
fellow at Georgetown University ladies
welcome really looking to her forward to
hearing your perspective summer this
port why is it so important her data
port and where are we in this war in
Yemen that this port is taking up so
much focus right now the port has taken
our focus international focus ever since
the start of the war at the very start
this plan was laid on the table to kind
of have a military battle in her data
but the Obama administration stepped in
and said that it is a red line purely
because the port allows access to 24
million people to deliver aid and
medicine and food which is the lifeline
of those people in Yemen's war now we
have three years of fighting during
those three years there was a man
man-made famine that was created and the
fear of this battle is we already have a
humanitarian crisis at play
the fear is we're gonna exacerbate it by
launching a battle there a week without
aid or medicine could mean that hundreds
who depend on that could die and the
problem now with the battle as well is
that the country is not prepared for the
internally displaced people who had to
flee if they can afford the fuel of
course they had to flee to other
governor aids some people decided to
stay put what does that mean for the
time being it's it's the unknown that's
terrifying are the civilians going to be
safe or are they going to be attacked
but what we know is that the most
successful battle and today that could
take up to two months and those two
months if the port activities do not
return it means that people are not
going to be able to have access to food
and medicine now what's on the table is
that the UN Special Envoy Martine
Griffith is trying to strike a deal
where the port could be operational
regardless of military activity around
it so keeping that in mind summer I want
to read out this tweet from HT Flores
who says this port is geo strategically
important for the Houthis and for the
government if the saudi-led coalition
can capture it they'll deal a blow to
the Houthi ability to resupply and if
the Houthis can resist that coalition
it'll deal a massive blow to the
coalition's morale and momentum so
keeping all of that in mind earlier in
the show though the connection was not
that great
I did hear Hussein say that the streets
are back open and people are out and
about I know that you have family there
in her data what are they telling you
what do you make of their experiences
these avi this tweet from Hg who says
this port is important right I mean this
sport is really strategic on an
international level but also for Yemen
however in terms of the people in the
country and in the province specifically
there's two perspectives they would want
the conflict to be very quick rather
than it being sluggish but at the same
time they're very much over the fact
that there are suppressed under who
these and these are the words of family
and community within ten minutes from
the airport and from the court so this
is the type of perspectives that we're
dealing with but in that sense how do we
pressure both sides to respect IHL and
how should we approach solving the issue
of aid and that I think should be
through the port of Aden which is open
and and fully functional at this time
and our organization personally have
shipped a couple of items aid
distribution packages to them and to the
northern province mostly and it was very
successful
Rwanda you come to this with a
perspective of understanding
urban warfare actually means so if we're
looking at the her data area and we're
looking at this potential of this
conflict moving closer and closer to the
residents there what does it mean for
them I mean the way Veda is split up and
means that assad of the geographical on
is the Apple and two-thirds are the city
in order to get to the court with the
coalition eventually wants to get to is
very they have to go through a huge bang
of civilian areas that are tightly
packed there it's penny two cities are
very densely populated cities and it
means risking street battle eventually
this has happened before and Ted and so
it won't be a clean and cut fight and so
I at this point
ideally it would be best to approach a
plan would be one that means when
krishna powers reports to the charge
authorities in order to save civilians
from being caught up in street fights
terzi's have been preparing for a battle
in the law we can ha face and building
trenches and thinking trenches in the
middle of the road between the airport
and the school and the coalition as well
has been trying to breach support the
effort to get through the fourth however
the fight has mostly removed at the
airport until now which third side
claiming that they still have power the
apple what's interesting about the part
of her data is that it's not the only
port that's in Yemen we have two other
ports one is shut down one is slightly
operational and that is the port of I've
done that some are mentioned earlier the
problem is those those two ports cannot
replace what her data is it's it's been
a struggle to kind of get them up and
running the way that her data is even
you know the American administration
sent two cranes to her day to support to
help in the delivery of aid because it
is the one port that is able to kind of
care
Adon that on that level now what's
what's terrifying in the process is that
the city of aden and other cities are
considered Houthi free territory and yet
they don't witness any stability and the
port in Aden has failed to substitute
the port of Haddad ah and I think if
they're able to have a port run like the
port of a day that would be a very
welcome change because the people's
lives depend on this
believe I think it'd be fair to say that
most of our audience is so focused on
what happens to the people who are
living in Yemen right now and the
humanitarian aspect I just want to show
you from about a week ago
what civilians in her data were thinking
about they were concerned about with the
idea that there might be there's a sort
coming on to the port have a listen well
I was working in her data port and now
if the port closes where will I go to
work when this siege comes and this
disaster happens where am I going to
find work the only thing we have is to
die we don't have anything other than we
don't have gas to cook with my husband
has a motorcycle that he used to work
with on the port Road and now the road
is closed and the bikes motor has broken
down and we're in the path of the rain
and wind which take our houses with them
I have a young daughter who's exhausted
and sick and we can't get her medication
or anything only the necessary food if a
war happens what are we going to do so
hearing reports like that and stories
first-hand accounts like that is what
leads people online oh yeah to point
fingers so shitty non Twitter says like
the attack on Yemen the battle for her
data is misguided and shows a callous
disregard for human life their
willingness to use starvation and commit
mass murder may help them win the battle
but they shouldn't expect yemeni
resistance to Saudi and UAE occupation
to end so pointing the finger there at
presumably coalition forces on the other
side though we sam says citizens of
Yemen continue to lose as warring elites
continue to dance on each other's head
all sides of the conflict failed to
offer the most basic services yet excel
in creating a man-made humanitarian
catastrophe oh yeah I give this to you
because you recently came out with a
report your organization did say
that both sides of this are to blame for
some of what we're seeing today well
there are two elements here we're deeply
concerned of course about the protection
of civilians and what we've documented
in the past is that all parties to the
conflict or both sides both warring
sides now eat the Saudi Arabia coalition
and the the local forces it's backing on
the ground or the Houthi armed group
have in the past disregarded or
disrespected the laws of war and we've
seen the impact of that on civilians
through civilian casualties people being
killed civilians being killed or injured
as well as damage to the civilian
infrastructure which of course is a
violation of international humanitarian
law so with that in mind were deeply
concerned with that track record of
these warring parties and what could
what that could mean in this ongoing
operation on a larger scale secondly as
you mentioned we did indeed just
recently publish a report in which we
documented how both parties are have
restricted access to essential goods and
aids the Saudi Arabia led coalition
through imposing or severely restricting
the entry of aid into Yemen and the
Houthi Armed Forces in terms of the
movement of that aid on the ground on
the coalition side we documented for
example unnecessary inspections in
addition to the already existing
inspection mechanism by the United
Nations dose that severe delay that we
have seen has particularly affected the
provision of health care because of the
lack of fuel or access to fuel for
health facilities for example that's a
deep concern for us we've also seen on
the and and and of course our concern is
that the timing and manner by which
these restrictions were imposed by the
coalition would indicate that they
amount to collective punishment because
they came in response to these rockets
that were or these missiles that were
fired by the Houthis into Saudi Arabia
so the timing and manner would indicate
that this may amount to the war crime of
collective punishment the host the armed
group also has imposed bureaucratic
measures has imposed unnecessary
delays on the permit system for the
distribution of aid on the ground and
we've spoken to aid workers who told us
that they've essentially elicited bribes
and kickbacks illegal payments in order
to approve the distribution and control
the distribution of aid so both parties
essentially delaying or exacerbating and
already dire humanitarian situation on
the ground some of this is not this is
not a shock because this is war this is
conflict and out of all of the actors
involved in this conflict who is
genuinely concerned about the people of
Yemen unfortunately we've seen on both
sides that there's a encroaching the
conflict is so internal it's an internal
issue it is a crisis that is rooted in
political history so on rally as points
yes we have seen this issue of delay
however we've also seen and documented
that Houthis end up taking a lot of
these aids and putting them in black
markets where even some civilians can't
even have access to it or should have
been access to it but they have to pay
three folds or four folds of this at the
end of the day I think IHL should be
respected on both sides however we've
seen on ground that through our work
with Adan and Adan everything's going
well and very smooth when we hit the
northern province we get stuck with
random checkpoints that are not even
legal to even give an aid who's most
helpful in your work your work trying to
get aid to people who desperately need
it where are you getting the most help
summer we are getting in terms of
finances or in terms of the projects
itself projects we're getting a lot of
our our support with partners here in
the United States we've also been in
communication with a lot of Arab based
organizations as well and I have to
admit we have delayed and postponed the
fact that we can give to the port of
ship everything through the port of a
port of khadija for the reason of
Houthis being in control of that poor
we do have access from both sides but
it's much more complicated and
unfortunately much more random and
aspects of delay and documentation when
it comes to Haditha so I wanted to read
two perspectives and picking up on what
you're saying there from Twitter this is
summer Achmed who writes in the biggest
concern remains the humanitarian
situation as a majority of civilians
rely on aid coming from that port I hope
the Arab coalition has a plan in place
that will mitigate the suffering of the
people who will be directly affected by
the battle and data so keeping that in
mind set a plan in place I want to read
out this tweet here because it
references something you mentioned
earlier Shireen says the newly displaced
will now join the three million IDPs and
8.4 million Yemenis who will starve to
death without humanitarian aid however
this aid may never reach them you
mentioned earlier that your family and
Sanaa are seeing the influx of residents
from who dated from other parts of Yemen
what are those circumstances look like
what are they telling you it seems like
everybody's been suffering for the past
three years because there's been a delay
in giving people their salaries and
that's a problem because people even if
there are goods around they can't afford
to buy them and only those who are
wealthy or have family outside of Yemen
can send in remittances and help them
purchase these goods now you have a
situation where a small city is getting
flooded the the interesting thing about
Sanaa is it's it's called to be under
Houthi control but they continue to
welcome people from all over Yemen as
refugees or internally displaced people
I think the problem is the Houthis
continue to hide behind humanitarian
disasters and are pretending to
represent Yemen in the in the war
against an outside influence and at the
same time the Saudi Arabia and UAE Arab
coalition they're hiding behind the idea
that they are trying to rescue Yemen and
restore the legitimate government but
it's becoming clear in the battle of
Haditha that both of them don't really
care about the people of Yemen but they
are fighting over who's going to win in
control Yemen politically and through
that war they inserted sectarian terms
and the people who
for this are the civilians and if we're
going to talk about really the impact on
civilians if I may interrupt sorry I
really it's very important for us to
highlight that irrespective of the
military developments on the ground it's
crucial that the port should remain open
and that we ensure that there the
restriction there are no restriction to
the aid there that the flow of aid and
goods is not impeded irrespective of who
is in control of the situation
militarily on the ground safe passage
for civilians is also a really crucial
point for us because we have been seeing
how it's been a very difficult journey
for people our mind you while we're
talking about the battle for her data
city and the port at the moment we have
been seeing ongoing military operations
and the governorís since December tens
of thousands of people have already fled
practically everybody we spoke to said
that they had sailed
they had sold precious belongings
wedding bands livestock put up property
deeds in order to be able to afford the
displacement journey so if we just want
to it's really important for us to
refocus the impact the conversation okay
exactly what you're saying I'm let me
just introduce you to this headline from
The Guardian UN envoy confident of Yemen
deal to prevent her data port violence
the idea is that the port gets handed
over to the United Nations rather than
to either of the sides involved in the
conflict is that possible could that
happen
if Martin Griffith who's the special UN
envoy to Yemen pulls off a miracle it is
possible so before him we had two UN
special envoys who failed to bring
everybody to the table for negotiations
yeah but if he manages to do that then
we can be surely if confident that the
thing about Martin Griffith and this is
to be said that he has the weight of the
EU behind him he has the weight of the
British government he is a British
citizen himself and he has the weight of
the u.s. behind him so him being a
British citizen could potentially change
the game here because he's got
superpowers
backing him up and right now their
secret talks about a plan on the table
he's actually set to meet the president
of Yemen in two days in the city of Aden
and he's supposed to present a plan that
everybody agrees upon if that happens we
can kind of take a deep breath and just
be like whew we can now feed and deliver
aid to these people and we can move
forward towards negotiations in the
future so you said it has to do it will
take a miracle hg here might agree he
says how could the UN top down the u.s.
Iran Saudi Arabia what incentives could
the UN provide to these powers that
would bring the conflict closer to an
end at a while and I'll give that one to
you
thank you sir and anything off what some
of you said I think now more than ever
the chance
Susy's agreeing to relinquish power of
support is very very likely in a speech
around four days ago of America City who
is the leader of the disease fabulous
they were more than happy to give
support to the UN who has been oversee
it through another entity Philip our
party and any revenues that was taken
from the people during the time while UN
would be out responsible would be
transferred directly to the central bank
to oversee people salaries so I think
people are more team right now on
pushing a few son Martin Griffiths than
traveling back and forth between Fatah
and the humerus and UK and us trying to
make inside agree to a reasonably low
however the fighting still continues
because whoever manages to gain as much
ground as possible while negotiations
are going on means that they are the
stronger power in this and so it's if a
p5 is on the table now it would save the
vast majority of the conservation and
should either from what he'll canteen
through enough laughter ladies thank you
so much for your insight the wisdom that
you bring to this conversation some are
you you explained if the superpowers
could get together
feels like you need superpowers in order
to end this conflict in Yemen Malika has
this conversation being working out
playing out online I'll end it with this
from Islam which kind of wraps up what a
lot of people are thinking regardless
how big of a military breakthrough this
her data battle might seem for either
side what remains to be seen is how this
can translate into improving the
constantly deteriorating economic and
humanitarian conditions of Yemenis thank
you for your comments keep them coming
on Twitter YouTube and of course adizero
calm /the stream Malika and I will see
you always online bye for now
you
you
