earlier this month the highest-ranking
member of Chile's Catholic Church
Cardinal Ricardo s sati was indicted and
brought before the public prosecutor for
allegedly covering up cases of clerical
sex abuse thirty-eight-year-old is sack
giver which couldn't believe his eyes
he's one of scores of former Catholic
school students who say they were abused
by priests his case from the age of six
I never thought they would touch the
hierarchy of the church much less bring
in a cardinal to testify it's an
achievement just to know that a
prosecutor has dead touch him the
Cardinal is the most prominent casualty
in the widest clerical sex abuse
investigation in Latin America the
world's most Catholic region the
Cardinals right-hand man father Oscar
muñoz
is under house arrest awaiting trial for
rape and sex abuse nunca pensé a yoke
until I never thought I would see the
Church's chancellor handcuffed for
abusing five children three of them his
own nephews it's despicable in the past
few months public prosecutors have
raided church offices in five cities
uncovering evidence of abuses that were
never reported to authorities they've
identified a hundred and seventy eight
victims 79 of the minors and charged a
hundred sixty seven members of the
clergy with carrying out or covering up
abuses among them are seven bishops the
current Archbishop of Santiago and his
predecessor Cardinal cab yet Francisco
rasoolís who remains a member of Pope
Francis's top Advisory Council the
Cardinals and the Pope have offered to
cooperate in the investigation but the
prosecutor leading the charge tells how
Jazeera he has his doubts no you know
what's on you
there's been no cooperation understood
as voluntarily providing evidence or
information and we're still waiting for
the Vatican to send information where
you requested so we haven't seen an
attitude of active collaboration from
the Vatican either in an astonishingly
clumsy attempt to counter the crisis two
weeks ago the Archbishop's office
published a clerical guidelines manual
if outlines quote inappropriate ways for
members of the clergy to express
affection that includes kissing on the
lips slapping a backside sleeping with
underage youngsters or touching their
genitals it calls such an immediate
outcry that the Archdiocese was forced
to remove the manual from its webpage
and apologize too late to prevent
further discredit to the once
all-powerful institution and while
survivors protest outside the Cardinals
house asking for justice prosecutors
continue analyzing evidence that they
believe will uncover even more abuse
cases to see a Newman al Jazeera
Santiago
