this is how supporters of the
pro-kurdish Peoples Democratic Party or
HDB are motivating themselves ahead of
turkeys election on June 24 abdul hakeem
- is hoping to get a seat in parliament
but he says his party is the most
disadvantaged in the country the HDB's
presidential candidate Selatan de mirage
has been in jail for more than 18 months
on security charges r√©pondre you tell
television we don't have any channel for
propaganda
the ruling party controls the press our
politicians are in jail president
Erdogan has everything in hand to
campaign freely is not fair an armed
struggle between the state and the
separatist Kurdistan Workers Party or
PKK has lasted decades costing at least
40,000 lies and the peace process broke
down in 2015 the following year a state
of emergency was imposed after a failed
coup attempt professor fat Kaman doesn't
believe the Kurdish issue is being
properly addressed drivers come to
actually go back to the you know so the
political solution both inside and
mainly you know outside outside outside
Turkey and of course Turkey has all the
right to you know sort of Security's
borders its territorial integrity its
state but the turkey would be much more
safer much more stable if turkey
actually makes a deal with the Kurds not
only in Turkey but especially in Syria
do right after like him - face the
Turkish government's objective is clear
true sincerity we picked us as the peace
process and that the government allied
itself with the Nationalist Party look
how they reacted against the
independence referendum in the Iraqi
Kurdistan they don't want us to gain any
status the Kurds are determined to make
their votes count I have 14 kids and 12
votes in my home all our votes are for
Saladin
kurz account for up to 20% 1/5 of
turkeys 8 million population and despite
the lack of trust between them and the
state they are still seen as having a
pivotal role in an election that is
changing turkeys political system for
the first time turkish voters will
choose the effective president and
Parliament at the same time if Cordish
Peoples Democratic Party receives votes
about 10 percent threshold it will enter
parliament and this is seen as a
game-changer because even if President
Aragon wins in the first round his party
could risk losing its majority seen a
new solo al Jazeera Istanbul
