a day of sound and fury on Capitol Hill
this is an America first bill it secures
America's southern borders let's give
them an opportunity to live another day
but one that ended signifying nothing as
members failed to pass an immigration
overhaul the bill is not passed the
legislation backed by hardline
conservatives in the ruling Republican
Party would have stopped separation of
families at the border but also would
have okayed 25 billion dollars on
President Donald Trump's border wall and
drastically tighten existing rules on
legal immigration in another sign of
legislative dysfunction voting was
delayed on a rival plan revived by more
moderate Republicans it too is given
slim odds of passage opposition
Democratic Party members unanimously
opposed both bills
despite controlling both houses of
Congress and the White House Republicans
are so badly divided they can't seem to
accomplish anything on immigration in a
meeting with his cabinet and despite
overwhelming legal opinion to the
contrary Trump blamed Democrats for the
policy of separating children including
babies from their parents at the border
then he took credit for ending it a
crisis he himself started I'm directing
HHS DHS and DOJ to work together to keep
the illegal immigrant families together
during the immigration process and to
reunite these previously separated
groups Democratic Party leaders fired
back the president is either not knowing
not caring delusional and denial about
his own policies being be outside the
circle of civilized human behavior more
than a half dozen states say they plan
to sue the Trump administration over
family separation yet the Trump
administration is possibly preparing to
detain many more children the Pentagon
has been asked to find room for 20,000
migrant children in makeshift shelters
on military
cases the president likes to boast about
how many times he has appeared on the
cover of Time magazine this week's cover
may please him somewhat less Rob
Reynolds al Jazeera Washington
