Houston what a minor a trip that for
many marks the end of a long dangerous
and ultimately unsuccessful journey to
the US migrants escaping poverty and
violence in poor neighborhoods in
Central America needs their homes and
families risking robbery rape and murder
searching for a better future under
these circumstances you can thank God
you are alive and you'll be able to see
those you left behind here in Guatemala
in his second attempt to reach the
United States 32 year old Marcelo cook
seal says things got tough it took us
three days only to cross the river and
then the Border Patrol caught us they
treated us like animals chased us and
held guns to our heads as a result of
the u.s. s tougher enforcement of
anti-immigration laws officers here say
they've seen a change in the spirit of
what the violence arriving back home we
see a different behavior they are
intimidated we know the process in
treatment in the u.s. is difficult when
they land in Guatemala you can tell this
sad and disillusioned many have left
their families in the US and they want
to be reunited well for years there's
been pling loads of deportees coming not
only to what Amala but also to insula
and undo this nearly everyday
immigration officials tell us there's
been an increase of 45 percent in the
number of people coming compared to last
year more than 24,000 what the Mallen's
were deported from the US this year
alone officials here provide them with
food water a phone call home
families wait for their loved ones some
of her returned traumatized 36 year old
Leonid es was detained in the u.s. as
soon as he arrived I've never been in
jail before but I was held for three
months
Blanka son has been arrested for being
in the US illegally he's been gone for
15 years now she dreads what will happen
when he comes back in a few days there's
no work here even if people study they
don't find jobs it's a disaster there's
no work for many the return is full of
shame and failure they come back
empty-handed
some will stay in temporary shelters
others will be dropped at bus stations
in the capital from there on they will
be on their own
Mariana Sanchez al Jazeera what a minor
