down the gangplank first cautious steps
into Europe under warm blankets their
eyes soak in first impressions of the
land they hope will bring them a better
life help for some to hobble to a
waiting ambulance that young man is
blind tonight rescuers saved 33 lives
including five women and a child it's
now just after midnight and those
refugees and migrants who have just
reached dry land had clearly been many
hours at sea they will now be taken away
to a holding area where police will
register them and they will receive
attention from the Red Cross in a fenced
corner of the port Red Cross workers
start health checks police begin the
paperwork and checks to confirm where in
Africa they're from for now there's no
access for media
morning back at dockside we meet captain
Frank Perez of the Marine Rescue Service
who commanded the previous day's mission
they were in a rubber dinghy about six
meters long and a 15 horsepower engine
there were 33 of them they were
frightened because they didn't know they
were going to make it but this time they
were lucky one of his crew recorded
tense moments of the rescue on a
helmet-mounted camera this was a hundred
kilometers off the coast of southern
Spain firm commands for the refugees to
stay still so they don't capsize they're
scared the first group is shuttled to
the main rescue boat some are sobbing a
handshake Botha thank you and the
welcome one of the rescuers calls out
that one of the incoming passengers is
brine
but allahu allah said if the reason I do
this job is for the satisfaction of
saving human lives once they were on
board they feel totally safe and begin
to shout and cheer this weekend European
Union leaders will wrangle over
immigration policy and border controls
but here there is no politics the only
aim is saving those in peril on the sea
Karl Penhaul al Jazeera al meriya Spain
