hello I'm Adrian Finnegan and this is
counting the cost on al-jazeera your
weekly look at the world of business and
economics this week a carbon-free future
will look at what the un's deafening
climate warning means for businesses
livelihoods and the fossil fuel industry
also this week
Africa's urban revolution why cities in
sub-saharan Africa a tip to grow faster
than all other big cities in the world
plus new ways to stamp out one of the
most lucrative forms of organized crime
the illegal trade in endangered wildlife
three years ago the United Nations
commissioned the world's top scientists
to find out if global warming could be
limited on Monday the Intergovernmental
Panel on Climate Change published the
answer yes we can limit global warming
and prevent a climate catastrophe it is
possible but there's a deadline we need
to build a global net cero carbon
emission economy by 2050
now while this will mean different
things for different businesses the most
polluting industries will need to make
the most radical changes that means no
coal for starters Australia's
Environment Minister Melissa price was
quick to respond saying that she is more
focused on bringing down electricity
prices than phasing out coal of all the
different types of fossil fuel coal
produces the most carbon dioxide and
Australia is the biggest producer now as
things stand decarbonizing the world's
electricity system fast enough to meet
the IPC's targets will involve at the
very least global consensus a major
paradigm shift and trillions of dollars
al-jazeera's Nadine barber reports the
threats been clear and present for many
years climate change caused by human
activity is putting our very survival in
peril now the UN's climate change body
says concerted action needs to come much
sooner than previously thought
early action to limit to reduce
greenhouse gas emissions is possible
there are options available there are
signs that mitigation is going on but if
this is
to be achieved there's an urgent need to
accelerate three years ago at the Paris
climate change conference many
governments gave themselves a pat on the
back they pledged to take action to
limit temperature rises to 1.5 degrees
Celsius above pre-industrial levels now
the experts say they're failing and time
is running out
the IPCC says meeting that 1.5 degrees
target requires a 45 percent cut in
carbon emissions by 2030 and alarmingly
zero net carbon emissions by 2050 with
steep cuts in other greenhouse gases
like methane it's a question of whether
we can make certain decisions in the
coming years the benefit the
beneficiaries are going to be the our
children and our grandchildren and and
play several coming generations the IPCC
says by the end of this century global
sea level rises would be 10 centimeters
lower with warming of 1.5 degrees
compared to 2 degrees and the Arctic is
likely to be ice-free in summer around
once a century at 1.5 degrees but at
least once a decade if warming reaches 2
degrees
none of this is Akademik faster action
will reduce flooding giving people
living on the world's coasts islands and
river deltas time to adapt to climate
change then there are the millions
affected by drought many on the African
continent we need to look at climate
financing strategies that ensure that we
we sort of a speed of climate climate
action related to issues like
agriculture food security livelihoods
and migrations and that's because
migration season migration is no longer
a choice for lots of people in the
continent it is now a mas because of
global warming the IPCC report says
renewable energy must account for at
least 70% of electricity by 2050
compared with 25% now to stay within the
1.5 degree limit carbon will have to be
sucked out of the air by machines and
stored underground and billions of trees
will have to be planted and there'll be
tough choices between using land for
food or for biofuel crops we've been
shown the solutions now it's over to our
politicians and to us all right now I'm
speaking to you from the Middle East a
region that's petrol dependent and
desperately trying to find ways to
diversify away from fossil fuel and
create jobs for the people who live here
so that's where I started when I caught
up with Michael Grubb professor of
Energy and Climate Change at the
University College London he's written
several reports for the
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate
Change I began by asking him what a
carbon free future would look like for
this region the Middle East obviously
has a concern that much of the Middle
East is dependent upon a will not so
much on coal and coal is the first in
the line of fire the biggest sinner in
in terms of climate change if you like
but one issue for the many in the Middle
East is what does the future look like
if we do have to curtail oil demand
that's probably going to affect some
other regions like oil shales first
because they're actually a bit more
expensive and a bit more carbon
intensive but but it's still we're
talking about rather than the past
century largely fueled on expansion of
coal and oil this century being about
their contraction and the rise of solar
wind other renewable sources so that's
the first thing one needs to think
what's the energy economy of countries
in this case
Doha Middle East countries traditionally
heavy dependence upon oil
significant on gas though that's kind of
both good and bad it's called much
cleaner than coal Britain we've halved
emissions in the power sector but not
partly by using gas instead of coal is
investing in new technology then the way
to go and as far as old technologies are
concerned how much to do we how much
power do we have as investors those of
us who own so-called dirty companies
people who are who are adding to this
pollution how much power we have to
force these companies to change quickly
well it's always got to depend on who
and who's we and where I mean terms of
any investors listening my first advice
would be if you're putting money into
coal power stations or mines you are
taking a huge strategic risk on all
fronts whether it's local air pollution
global the general pressures coal is the
first in the line of fire and we've seen
dramatic reductions in the UK much of
Europe even in North America where
President Trump set out to actually
protect and indeed subsidize the coal
industry he's not being able to stop its
continued to decline I think for others
involved in investments I think it is
really you know look at the reality look
at the Paris agreement look at this
report from Monday and what it does
basically it says we've already got
close to one degree warming from
pre-industrial levels this one and we
see the climate impacts around the world
particularly poor countries have been
most in the line of fire of that the
report maps out how much worse would it
be if we get to 1.5 how much worse again
if we get to two
some of those numbers are very striking
some of the data in there and the
science clearly is sharpening up and I
think that will increase government's
willingness to act on this issue you say
that but that there is a lot of pushback
isn't there mean how much resistance are
climate change scientists going to have
in trying to persuade governments to
take action that's going to ultimately
harm their economies at least in the
short term Australia's Environment
Minister for instance seems to think I'm
paraphrasing here that will eventually
have the technology that we'll be able
to pull co2 from the atmosphere so until
such time it's okay to keep on polluting
and keep relying or having an economy
that relies a lot on coal it's an
interesting example you know we think
Washington politics is odd it's worth
looking at Australia one of the features
in Australia is a huge political
division driven partly by the fact
that they are of
environmentally-sensitive country the
coral reefs already suffering one of
these things this report says
incidentally is the estimate is that at
one and a half degrees warming we lose
something like seventy to ninety percent
of the world's coral if that goes on up
to two degrees they're talking about
ninety nine percent now those kind of
statistics kind of give you a sense of
what we're dealing with similar sort of
magnitudes around of change around
Arctic ice for example but you asked
about Australia I think the politicians
are finding that is not very popular to
say up now we're not going to do
anything about it it's too hard that it
is also I think not very credible to say
well thrusters one day will work out how
to suck co2 out of the atmosphere again
the report says sure there might be some
negative emission options out there some
of them are probably more to do with
good land use and avoiding deforestation
and a new new reforestation because the
big industrial let's suck it out or
clean it up afterwards and find
somewhere to dump it actually is big and
expensive and involves a lot of problems
so politicians may try to use it as a
get out clause but I don't think they'll
get very far the other thing in
Australia again you have this oddity of
a government that appears desperately
trying to protect the most carbon
intensive polluting source and failing
because it's being undercut by
renewables Australia in a sunny place
it's a windy place we see some regions
like South Australia declaring they're
going to go for a hundred percent
renewables whatever the federal
government says what about the elephant
in the room here though Michael China to
what extent does it not matter what the
rest of us do if China's not onboard
that we're still going to end up with in
trouble climate wise I think one of the
big changes in the political dynamics in
the last ten years has been the Chinese
position you know they're emitting
substantially more now than the United
States but I think the thing that's
really shifted the politics in China has
been local air pollution what we see is
a tremendous drive from the central
government
to try and close down old inefficient
coal power stations put clamps of what
had been a massive program of coal coal
power station construction Beijing has
basically banned coal burning in his
regions and is now set to ban petrol
driven cars because of the local air
pollution what I see is a big shift in
terms of both its energy policy and its
geopolitical positioning to say of
course China has to be part of the
solution and we intend China to do well
out of the solution by being involved in
the emerging clean technology businesses
professor really good to talk to you
Michael many thanks indeed for being
with us thank you very much the Nobel
Prize for economics was announced this
week the million dollar award went to
William Nordhaus of Yale University and
to Paul Romer of New York University not
house who's been called the father of
climate change economics has argued that
nations must raise the price of fossil
fuels to protect the climate
ramaa a growth theorist makes compelling
case for governments and companies to
invest in research and innovation to
tackle the crisis the economics prize is
not technically a Nobel it was only
created in 1968 nearly 70 years after
the first nobles were awarded Charlotte
Palace explains Alfred Nobel instructed
in his world that there should be five
official Nobel Prizes but there is a
side award for economics in 1968
Sweden's central bank made a donation to
the Nobel Foundation and from that a
price for economics was born but not
everyone approved nobels great-great
nephew Peter once said it is awarded as
if it were a Nobel Prize but disappear a
coup by economists to improve their
reputation one of the most well known
laureates is John Nash an American
economist whose story was told in the
film A Beautiful Mind which featured his
struggle with paranoid schizophrenia it
recounts how he came up with the Nash
equilibrium an important concept in game
theory 41 the price in 1994 it's a way
of predicting what will happen if
several people or groups are making
decisions at the same time and has been
used to analyze every
thing from an arms race to traffic flow
had a tremendous impact on my life I was
quoted very frequently in the literature
of economics and mathematics but it's
quite difficult to get a official
recognition the economics award hasn't
always gone to economists take Daniel
Kahneman an American professor of
psychology who discovered that people do
not always act out of what's called
rational self-interest for example
people will push harder to save $10 on a
small purchase like a $50 bicycle than
they will to save the same amount on a
larger purchase like a car of the 79
people who've been awarded the economics
prize there's only been one female
winner seen here in red Elinor Ostrom
was recognized for her pioneering work
on how communities better manage common
resources than governments still to come
on counting the cost panic buying in
Zimbabwe locals fear the return of the
2008 commodity shortages that left many
shops without basic goods and medicines
but first you buy based mesh wrecked
bank has agreed to pay 40 million
dollars to US financial regulators as
part of a compliant settlement the New
York Department of Financial Services
said the bank failed to fully comply
with laws designed to combat
international money laundering it said
that during the past two years smash4 ex
branch in New York processed millions of
dollars worth of transactions for
customers in high-risk jurisdictions
mushrik which is the UAE s oldest and
largest lender said that it's working
with regulators
winter is coming those were the words of
Indonesia's president Joko Widodo this
week he was speaking before the world's
finance ministers and central bankers at
the IMF World Bank annual meetings in
Bali Widodo said growing rivalry in the
world's economy is becoming more and
more like Game of Thrones referencing
the HBO TV series more than once
the IMF cut its forecast for world
growth for the first time in more than
two years this week the lender blamed
escalating trade tensions it also warned
that a sharper than expected rise in
interest rates
accelerate capital flight from emerging
markets now Zimbabwe was also at this
week's IMF and World Bank meetings the
government there got approval for a plan
to pay back more than two billion
dollars in debt now that's a vital step
to securing new loans in order to revive
the economy prices of basic goods and
medicines have risen in the last few
days a recent tax on bank transactions
is being blamed
al-jazeera's hello Matassa reports now
from Harare some Zimbabweans are calling
it the worst economic crisis in a decade
businesses and shoppers aren't happy
with the recently introduced two percent
tax on bank transactions products now
cost more and suppliers are buying less
it's led to shortages and excessive
price hikes it is very frustrating
actually I'm coming from a pharmacy
right now where I bought these drugs
which I used to spend 10 bucks a week
swipe it's forty five forty four dollars
another pharmacy it was fifty five and
this is ridiculous
I don't know where we are going is the
people Zimbabwe's health sector has been
in a crisis for more than a decade
public hospitals sometimes run out of
essential drugs the pharmaceutical
industry says it needs about four
million dollars a week to import enough
drugs for the country it's very bad
we've run out of some medications
completely for some conditions and for
those that we have we are now left with
just a few weeks to a month supply for
those that are in for production some my
future as if slowed down operations to
near zero yes so that's how bad it is to
stay in business some shop owners insist
customers pay in u.s. dollars others
aren't operating they say they are
assessing the situation until they are
sure the government won't again change
policies this is a popular fast food
outlet it's closed owners say they need
foreign currency to restock where the
money isn't available several businesses
have been affected president Emerson
Managua says the increase in tax is a
necessary pain to help Zimbabwe pay its
debts there were physical announcements
monetary policies announced that we made
mainly to ensure that this economy is
revived so this is not a sign of a
culture that is failing we are going
somewhere and there are signs of
improvement on the economy but fuel cues
which were last seen in 2008 are back
frustrated drivers been hours in line
waiting to fill up
zubaba is born our currency continues to
lose its value on the black market
despite politicians insisting it is
equivalent to the US dollar the
government is threatening to revoke
licenses of businesses demanding dollars
as payment and hiking prices economists
warn if politicians interfere it could
lead to even more companies shutting
down Africa's population of roughly 1.1
billion is expected to double by the
year 2050 more than 80% of that growth
will occur in cities the UN projects the
10 of the fastest growing cities over
the next 17 years we'll all be in Africa
Africa will have 8 cities that are
expected to more than double in
population size in the next few years
Africa's top three fastest growing
cities are Darussalam Tanzania's largest
city the city's population predicted to
hit 6.2 million by 2025 Myro be the
capital city of Kenya is growing by
500,000 people a year and every year
three hundred and ninety thousand people
pour into Kinshasa in the Democratic
Republic of Congo in order to escape war
and poverty today it has possibly 12
million inhabitants and is predicted to
be Africa's second largest city inside
50 years well joining us now via Skype
from London is Vernon Henderson Vernon
is a professor of economic geography at
the London School of Economics good to
have you with us
Vernon the UN predicts that in the next
few years walk by 2035 10 of the
fastest-growing cities will all be in
Africa in fact Africa is going to have
eight cities they're expected to more
than double their population size over
the next few years and grow even faster
than than all other cities in the world
is that good or bad news to challenge
you know on the good side is the
cities will get bigger they will have
more agglomeration benefits that
attention can increase productivity that
cities offer we know that when you in
Africa that families moving to big
cities probably double their incomes in
terms of household incomes the job
opportunities for all the people in the
household but the challenge is being
able to manage that population growth
and you have livable cities several of
these African nations though lie in all
the cities in them lie in very low-lying
areas that that there's the the
potential threat of flooding and other
natural disasters as these cities grow
how can they deal with the threat of
natural disaster they probably need to
plan on sea level rise have better
drainage in cities better you know
better construction of roads to have
drainage plan and trying to protect
their Shores and trying to build away
from the lowest lying areas I'm going to
quote Paul Romer here one of the winners
of this year's Nobel Prize in Economics
he said about living in a city cities
make us smart cities are the place to go
if you want to learn about the modern
world there are billions of people who
want to move into cities and people who
are already in cities who want to have
more space we have to make room for that
to take place is Africa up to that
challenge that's really tough so the
issue and so you know Paul is talking
about the great things about
urbanization and why it can drive
economic growth of innovation and he
want two Nobel Prize for his work on
innovation so in Africa there's lack in
most countries of a manufacturing base
and manufacturing in fact is doing worse
than it was relatively speaking 20 years
ago and people are moving into cities
not just the biggest cities but they're
moving into medium-sized and small
cities which would be right to house
come standardize manufacturing but
that's not happening in Africa professor
it's been really good to talk to you
Vernon many thanks indeed for being with
us okay thank you
now halting the illegal trade in
wildlife and protecting some of the
world's best known species is the main
aim of a summit in London Nick Clark
reports it is the biggest conference of
its kind anywhere in the world there are
a thousand delegates here from 82
nations we have African presidents
Teresa May the British Prime Minister
has spoken we've heard from Prince
William who made a keynote speech the US
Attorney General Jeff Sessions he's here
all trying to ramp up this fight against
illegal wildlife crime and why it's
because it's spiraling out of control if
you just take a a random look at the
figures they just take your breath away
twenty thousand elephants a year are
killed that's two every hour every day
of the year
a thousand rhinos are killed there are
less than four thousand wild tigers left
that's a ninety-five percent reduction
in a hundred years
1.3 million birds are taken from the
wild in Southeast Asia alone every
single year to say nothing of the pet
trade of baby chimpanzees and baby
orangutan has been taken from their
mothers who are often killed in the
process
to be supplied as pets the list goes on
and on and it's a trade worth twenty
four billion dollars a year and a lot
has to be done and to talk about it
right now we have a president of the
African Wildlife Foundation kurutsu
Bunya it's a very serious problem tell
us a little bit more no it is it's all
about international trade and what's
happening is depriving we work in Africa
deprives the livelihoods of many many
Africans you talked about the billions
of dollars that's being lost because of
this trade you imagine the poverty
levels in Africa and how much that can
do for education for health for social
services that Africa needs right now as
the population is is going beyond
control there's a big focus here for
finance for the world to pull together
to fight it but it's from your point of
view it's also very much an African
problem right it's our African problems
then look there's nobody who's got sort
of this problem either Africa it's
waiting for Africa I mean this is a
global conference but in context of
Africa it's got a
take Africans to solve this problem of
course we need all the help we can get
from the global community but there is
possibility the hard work has to be done
by Africans and African leaders as a
lien or a car they will have to leave it
there thanks very much indeed big push
towards stemming their financial flow
that drives the illegal wildlife trade
here in London make many thanks and that
is our show for this week if you'd like
to comment on anything that you've seen
you can get in touch with us by tweeting
me I'm at a Finnigan on Twitter please
use the hashtag AJ CTC when you do as
always there's plenty more for you on
line at aljazeera.com slash CTC that
takes you straight to our page and there
you'll find individual reports links
even entire episodes for you to catch up
on but that's it for this edition of
counting the cost I'm Adrienne Finnegan
from the whole team here in Doha thanks
for being with us the news on al Jazeera
is next
