it's been coming for months and now it's
confirmed Sarah Netanyahu indicted for
fraud the case against her misuse of
state funds connected to her husband's
position as Israel's prime minister the
investigation started three years ago
when a government official issued a
report on excessive spending of the
couple's official residence in West
Jerusalem she's charged with using
nearly 100 thousand dollars from the
official Prime Minister's residence
budget for private chefs and food for
family events allegedly conspiring with
an official to hide the fact that a
residence chef was already being
employed and falsifying 15 invoices for
the services of outside caterers all
very different from the prime minister's
initial rebuttal of the allegations when
he spoke of takeaway dinners in foil
trays the fact that she is indicted this
is a sign that the judicial system and
the police and the people of Israel are
not willing to accept such a criminal
behavior and this is a bad sign for
Netanyahu because they will start with
his wife and will finish with him the
Israeli prime minister understands all
too well the position his wife has been
in in February Israeli police
recommended that he be indicted over two
corruption cases with you're not Aslam I
will continue to lead Israel responsibly
and faithfully as long as you the
citizens of Israel choose me to lead you
I am certain I am certain that the truth
will be revealed and I am certain that
at the next elections which will be held
on schedule I will earn your trust again
the first involves lavish gifts of
cigars and champagne offered to and
according to leaks often requested by
the prime minister and his wife given by
billionaire friends israeli-born
Hollywood mogul Annan Milton and
Australian tycoon James Packer in the
second case Netanyahu is accused of
trying to get favorable coverage in the
country's second biggest newspaper by
offering to hamper the activities of its
main competitor another case still under
investigation
concerns allegations the owner of
Israel's biggest telecoms company
awarded Netanyahu favorable coverage in
his news agency in return for the Prime
Minister's supporting beneficial
regulations so far Benjamin Netanyahu
has managed to ride out the political
fallout from the police recommendation
that he be indicted but now that his
wife has been
charged the scrutiny the pressure
stemming from these long-standing
corruption allegations this short amount
again Harry Fawcett al Jazeera West
Jerusalem
