the ferry sank on Lake Toba a tourist
destination in North Sumatra on Monday
but only a handful of bodies have so far
been recovered from the water despite a
search involving hundreds of rescue
workers and grieving relatives are
growing impatient lake toba is known as
the world's largest volcanic lake at
some point it's at least five hundred
meters deep
the wooden ferry built to carry 43
passengers was heavily overloaded and
sank in bad weather there were 21
survivors when the ferry started to tilt
I raced to the top of the boat but my
friends were still below the deck
everyone that jumped off climbed to the
top again so it sank I held two people
but there were others clutching to my
feet from the water so I had to let them
go because I started drowning again I
kicked them away
initial figures suggested 80 people were
on board but that's now risen to almost
200 the Transport Minister doubts the
figure is that high but with no
passenger list or record of ticket sales
the exact number may never be known
ferry accidents are common in Indonesia
where safety measures are often not
enforced the president is demanding
action
sameen de cassis party needs a better
ulong lucky I asked for these kinds of
disasters to never happen again
and I'm ordering the Minister of
Transportation to evaluate all safety
procedures and standards of
transportation vehicles using an
underwater drone rescue workers are
trying to locate the vessel in the murky
depth of the lake once found they hope
more bodies can be recovered while
relatives are waiting for answers the
government is under pressure another
ferry disaster highlights that safety
procedures are not being followed lake
toba has been chosen by president Joko
Widodo as one of the country's main
tourist destinations but many fear that
visitors will think twice before
travelling by boat step fasten
al-jazeera jakarta
