Africa's population of roughly 1.1
billion is expected to double by the
year 2050 Paul an 80% of that growth
will occur in cities the UN projects the
10 of the fastest-growing cities over
the next 17 years we'll all be in Africa
Africa will have 8 cities that are
expected to more than double in
population size in the next few years
Africa's top three fastest growing
cities are darussalam Tanzania's largest
city the city's population predicted to
hit 6.2 million by 2025 Myro be the
capital city of Kenya is growing by
500,000 people a year and every year
three hundred and ninety thousand people
pour into Kinshasa in the Democratic
Republic of Congo in order to escape war
and poverty today it has possibly 12
million inhabitants and is predicted to
be Africa's second largest city inside
50 years well joining us now via Skype
from London is Vernon Henderson Vernon
is a professor of economic geography at
the London School of Economics good to
have you with us Vernon the UN predicts
that in the next few years walk by 2035
10 of the fastest-growing cities will
all be in Africa in fact Africa is going
to have eight cities they're expected to
more than double their population size
over the next few years and grow even
faster than than all other cities in the
world is that good or bad news I would
say it's a challenge you know on the
good side is yeah cities will get bigger
they will have more agglomeration
benefits that attention can increase
productivity that cities offer we know
that when you in Africa that family's
moving to big cities probably double
their incomes in terms of household
incomes the job opportunities for all
the people in the household but the
challenge is being able to manage that
population growth and you have livable
cities several of these African nations
though lie in all the cities in them lie
in
very low-lying areas that there's the
the potential threat of flooding and
other natural disasters as these cities
grow how can they deal with the threat
of natural disaster they probably need
to plan on sea level rise have better
drainage in cities better you know
better construction of roads to have
drainage plan and trying to protect
their Shores and trying to build away
from the lowest lying areas I'm going to
quote Paul Romer here one of the winners
of this year's Nobel Prize in Economics
he said about living in a city cities
make us smart cities are the place to go
if you want to learn about the modern
world there are billions of people who
want to move into cities and people who
are already in cities who want to have
more space we have to make room for that
to take place is Africa up to that
challenge that's really tough so the
issue and so you know Paul is talking
about the great things about
urbanization and why it can drive
economic growth and innovation and he
want to Nobel Prize for his work on
innovation
so in Africa there's lack in most
countries of a manufacturing base and
manufacturing in fact is doing worse
than it was relatively speaking 20 years
ago and people are moving into cities
not just the biggest cities but they're
moving into medium-sized and small
cities which would be right to house
come standardized manufacturing but
that's not happening in Africa profess
it's been really good to talk to you
Vernon many thanks to you for being with
us okay thank you very much
