they're campaigned for 20 years to find
out how their relatives died in the same
hospital after being given drugs they
didn't need now a painstaking report
four years in the making
says they've been failed consistently by
hospital managers by the police and by
politicians inexcusable failure of them
all is not only shameful it is
scandalous and it is immoral they have
grossly failed their ethical standards
by abusing people's human rights are
vulnerable relatives who were stripped
of their final words to their loved ones
silence by overdoses is more than
catastrophic the report looked at events
at this hospital in southern England
between 1989 and 2002 complaints were
brushed aside the report says 456 people
died here as a result of an
institutionalized practice shortening
patients lives by administering opioids
like diamorphine without medical
justification and given missing records
a further 200 may have died for the same
reason a doctor called Jane Barton
played a central role in prescribing the
drugs she was previously questioned by
police but never charged relatives of
those who died say there must now be
prosecutions the health secretary told
Parliament on Wednesday that would be up
to the police and the justice system but
I can at least on behalf of the
government and the NHS apologize for
what happened and what they have been
through had the establishment listened
when junior NHS staff spoke out had the
establishment listened when ordinary
families raised concerns instead of
treating them as troublemakers many of
those deaths would not have happened
Ken Willie's father John was just 68
when he was sent to the hospital to
recover after breaking his hip he wasn't
in perfect health but bottom line is he
wasn't going in there he wasn't going in
there to die he never came out alive it
was ghostly crying because everybody it
seemed must have been on the opiates
and it's not like a normal hospital
those hustle and bustle it was like you
walk into somewhere that and I used the
wrong word but the analogy is right it
was already a morgue
the government said it will respond in
detail later this year but the relatives
of those who died many elderly
themselves want lessons to be learned
and charges brought as soon as possible
nadine barber al jazeera portsmouth
