a major setback for Houthi rebels their
fighters are retreating in her data one
of their strongholds and this is why
these are forces loyal to president
after Abu Mansour Hadi the moment they
took over the city's airport but it's
Saudi Arabia and the UAE warplanes that
made the difference
they have intensified a strikes over the
last few days to break rebel defense
lines the enemy is using the population
as a human shield the Houthis are
putting their tanks in populated areas
and shelling the airport we target
military positions and we avoid civilian
targets at the same time humanitarian
aid will start arriving to her data but
the fight is far from over
the Houthis still control the city and
the Seaport Yemen's impose including
food and aid and its oil exports all go
through her data the Coalition has long
accused Iran of smuggling weapons into
Yemen through the Seaport accusations
rejected by the Houthis and Tahar on as
fighting gets closer to the city
thousands of civilians are fleeing their
homes aid agencies flare a disruption to
food and medical supplies will only add
to the humanitarian crisis people unable
to go to school they're not able to go
to work for fear of what will happen if
they step out onto the streets Aid is
disrupted the economy is devastated in
terms of health care basic things like
that access to food and water all of
this will be severely disrupted
despite their recent losses the Houthis
remain defiant they are threatening to
fire more ballistic missiles into Saudi
Arabia and defend the capital sana to
the death
Hezbollah al Jazeera
