basra is threaded with waterways along
which trade has flowed for generations
but not now pictures from the Norwegian
Refugee Council show canals choked by
garbage and beneath the piles of trash
water is saturated with salt uh
Commissioner Sheila the bill majora
alley when the water first became salty
my brother got poisoned he stayed in the
hospital for two days there are too many
cases of poisoning it's not only one or
two thousands of people got poisoned
upstream dams in Turkey Syria and Iran
are blamed for reducing fresh water
supplies to a trickle saltwater from the
Gulf has been edging northwards for
decades now Bosphorus top water is
undrinkable it can't even be used for
washing school children are among tens
of thousands of Iraqis who fallen ill
schools have only one place with toilets
we always ask the students to bring
their own water from home because we
have many poisoning cases I've dealt
with five or six cases of extreme
vomiting most of my friends can't come
to school because of the salty water
they have been poisoned some of them got
itchy skin and some of them got issues
with their hair years of frustration
with the struggling water and electrical
supplies finally exploded in September
with days of deadly protests against
government corruption which residents
blamed for the cities collapsing
infrastructure and widespread
unemployment despite a visit by haider
al-abadi the prime minister at the time
and parliamentary promises that things
would improve little seems to have
changed doctors and aid agencies are
worried that as the weather gets cooler
the risk from waterborne diseases such
as cholera is rising in the coming days
and in the coming week
when the temperature will be between 32
and 37 degrees it is very likely that
Clara will hear and we are expecting
breaks if nothing is rehabilitate and
sanitation infrastructure isn't Basra
sits on top of much of Iraq's oil wealth
MPs in Baghdad last year named this city
Iraq's economic capital but the people
who live here say their water supply
needs to stop poisoning them Rob
Matheson al-jazeera
