monsoon rains fall and to Hera Begum
reflects on a hard year Tahereh her
husband muhammad and the six children
have lived in kuta pollen camp since
they fled myanmar in december we have
lots of sorrow in our hearts so much
pain I can't explain in words I do not
have peace of mind Myanmar is our home
this is not our place but what can we do
we cannot go back there now they will
kill us there but here they are
vulnerable to the foundations of a new
life has literally collapsed beneath
Muhammad's feet the monsoon season has
started
they live in bamboo huts on muddy hills
alongside a million other revenge
refugees 3300 shelters have collapsed so
far now the family shares two rooms with
20 others nearly 700,000 ravindra have
fled from the air mata Bangladesh since
a military crackdown intensified last
year those who escaped told the stories
of those who didn't mess burial pits
children raped villagers raised many of
my relatives were killed in my Mar and I
couldn't bring one of my daughters and
my mother I had to leave them behind in
some of my other relatives Myanmar and
the UN have agreed on steps for the
revenger to return but many say it's not
enough we will not go back even if there
is an agreement until and unless they
recognize us as row hinges and give us
citizenship and so the reh√©n sure
prepare for the long haul they fix their
homes and build bridges roads and water
wells for more than half the population
this is their introduction to the world
55% of Kuta belongs residents are
children an education here is learning
the acronyms of aid groups or counting
the minutes one must stand in the rain
waiting for rice tijeras children are
too young to help but they savor the
sustenance the sound of prayer is heard
across the camp during one of the few
happy times of the day even though we
are facing a lot of hardship we still
manage to eat something it's difficult
to cook though because we rarely find
firewood and other essentials plus we
don't have any money
this is what survival looks like and
what is now the world's largest refugee
camp
Shahla Bellis al Jazeera
