these are some of the bronzers stolen
more than 100 years ago in what is now
southern Nigeria most of the artifacts
removed from the king of Benin's palace
ended up in the British Museum
campaigners have made repeated calls for
their return I think it's very important
that we are straightforward and honest
and transparent about the ways in which
some of these objects have entered the
collection is absolutely not the case
that everything in the museum's African
collections was plundered or or looted
or whatever phrase you want to use but
obviously there are certain
circumstances or certain events that
happen and certain examples like the
Benin bronzes where that material
wouldn't have come into the collection
in that in the same way today curators
from Europe and the United States are
negotiating an agreement to set up a
permanent exhibition of the bronzes in
Nigeria why it is true that the British
has the highest number of objects we see
have many of these objects in other you
know problems so there's need for there
to be a concerted effort by others and
that's what the beneath dialogue group
is all about but it isn't clear whether
the Nigerian government will accept to
learn offer from the British Museum you
know be open to such conversations so
there's just not one track decision as
to whether it's going to be alone or I'm
every time you know we just we will be
open to having a broad range of
discussions each piece of work the
oldest of the bronzes were cast in the
1500s descendants of the artisans who
carved them still practiced a craft
today if really they are bringing it at
least this was submitted for people to
see it especially we that are for for
that did the job their hope is that all
depictions of everyday life
chiseled through the ages can one day be
seen by future generations in the land
where they were created Barbara Ann
Cooper al Jazeera
