welcome to ground zero of donald trump's
zero-tolerance immigration policy for
asylum seekers welcome to Brownsville
Texas this is the border crossing many
migrants fleeing poverty and violence
want to cross legally to ask for asylum
the lines are long in recent weeks most
asylum seekers get turned away so they
try other means and cross into the US
illegally when they then are often
arrested and then families are separated
and then the children often end up here
more than 100 of them that were detained
here in this shelter that was once a
Walmart store journalists are not
allowed to film inside this is how close
the people of Brownsville Texas are to
the immigration issue this is the border
fence where I'm standing now is the town
of Brownsville on the other side is
Mexico when the zero-tolerance policy
was announced and parents started to be
separated from their children it not
only brought unwanted attention to this
town but also divided opinion I mean
right now it's kind of like a really
negative light for I guess the
environment the community everyone's
kind of turning hostile it's a really
negative impact on people in general I
know I mean I don't know why they're
doing it but I just know it's not right
kids not being with their parents I
don't like what's happening but they
have to come in legally they don't speak
English they're on the welfare systems
and it's just not fair to our all our
homeless and our citizens that are in
poverty some people here say the parents
bear part of the responsibility for
protecting their kids that issue alone
is difficult I wouldn't be able to
handle it I would hate to be away from
my children but at the same time I could
also understand if I'm gonna take that
risk you're running into that very
possibility you know and maybe as a
parent if I'm gonna cross a border maybe
I should you know follow the rules
the Trump administration appearing only
to double down rather than back down on
its policy a sign that the more families
it separates the more polarized
communities like this are likely to
become Gabriel Sandow al jazeera
Brownsville Texas
