of all the other EU leaders emanuelle my
car is the one angular Merkel will have
hoped shares her views on how to deal
with the continents migration crisis the
issue has dominated the debate this past
week in Berlin on Tuesday the French
president made clear his determination
to act sit Alec said men determination
it is with this same determination that
we believe very strongly in the European
response to the migration challenge we
have not just discovered this challenge
we did not discover it last week but we
are very clearly determined together to
act in a European and coordinated way
such friendly sentiments from the French
president are exactly what angular
Michel would have been wanting to hear
from this meeting because in the past
few days she's had to concede on
immigration policy to her domestic CSU
allies promising a European solution the
price for not seeing her coalition
toppled in this document which purports
to be a draft of what EU leaders will
deliberate over in Brussels next week
much of the policies the CSU have been
speaking about are discussed so what are
the prospects for an EU wide solution
the topic which currently concerns us
all is a topic of migration we
understand it as a common challenge we
first have to make sure that the cause
for migration is eliminated the steamer
we support the plans of the Commission
and Austrian presidency to strengthen
the protection of outer borders which
means nothing else but a significant
increase in personnel for frontex
but despite her apparent confidence some
analysts are less convinced a wide
agreement is possible now don't see 28
solution coming so I will definitely be
a bilateral multilateral coalition from
those or within those countries actually
in EU which are most affected it will be
a Coalition of the Willing in Berlin
this week part of Merkel's coalition has
appeared to be willing to put her in an
impossible position the question now is
how willing other human
States are to help her out of it Dominic
came al-jazeera in the German capital
