a year ago the US ambassador to the
United Nations criticized the UN Human
Rights Council from what she called it's
hypocritical behavior and nikki Haley
said the US would quit the council if it
didn't change its ways it's hard to
accept that this council has never
considered a resolution on Venezuela and
yet it adopted five biased resolutions
in March against a single country Israel
it is essential that this council
address its chronic anti-israel bias if
it is to have any credibility it is
correct to criticize the State of Israel
for its actions as said by rabbi Lance
you can you can challenge the Israeli
government's policies without being
anti-semitic comments such as this a
permanent agenda item investigating
Israel's treatment of Palestinians and
the u.s. is recent failure to prevent
the UN General Assembly from condemning
Israel's use of force in Gaza finally
made the trumpet administration say
enough on Tuesday but when organizations
undermine our national interests and our
allies we will not be complicit when
they seek to infringe on our national
sovereignty we will not be silent we
take this step because our commitment
does not allow us to remain a part of a
hypocritical and self-serving
organization that makes a mockery of
human rights we could have withdrawn
immediately we did not do that instead
we made a good-faith effort to resolve
the problems the US has had a troubled
relationship with the council when it
was set up in 2006 President George Bush
refused to join because he feared
countries with poor human rights records
would be able to sit on a panel intended
to punish human rights violators key and
Bush's decision making the US ambassador
to the UN at the time John Bolton he's
now president Trump's national security
adviser President Barack Obama then
joined to the council in 2009 he argued
the US would have more influence and
give Israel more protection from
negative resolutions in the process now
the u.s. is leaving the council again
and
that has human rights groups around the
world very concerned they fear that
without the American presence on the
council it will be much less able to
hold countries such as Russia Syria or
North Korea accountable for the
mistreatment of their citizens it's also
not clear how long Washington plans to
stay away from the Human Rights Council
Rosalyn Jordan al Jazeera the State
Department
