a tent city rises from the Texas desert
just meters from the border and
overlooked by Mexico's mountains this is
where 1,500 children call home they're
teenagers from Guatemala El Salvador and
Honduras who traveled to the US alone
and were apprehended by Border Patrol
guards they are coming because they are
fleeing violence many of them fleeing
violence or because they are looking for
their family members and relatives and
they had to cross probably not only
Mexico they need to cross what Amala El
Salvador several countries thousands of
miles to get to the United States the
government invited journalists to tour
the compound in Tornillo Texas but
barred us from bringing cameras what
you're seeing is footage to the
authorities distributed the children
sleep in groups of 20 in temperature
regulated tents those I spoke with said
they were well cared for children are
treated with dignity and respect
they're provided of bed clothing as
needed medical care education mental
health services access to lawyers the
government doesn't call this a detention
center but it's surrounded by barbed
wire fences and it's exits are manned by
armed guards advocates say whatever you
call it this is not a place for children
the solution is not to actually put
children children in in jails in
dosimeter house up in sanitized day the
infrastructure is we're very concerned
about the the psychological impact the
mental impact of the children the
average length of stay in the tents is
about a month that's in addition to time
spent in traditional stone and brick
shelters across the country these are
the kids who were moved out of those
shelters as their populations swelled
beyond capacity right now we have
approximately 13,000 children in our
care this year is the third largest
number of children who have crossed the
border unaccompanied and come into our
our custody but it's not just that more
kids are coming the zero tolerance
policy of separating children from their
parents contributed to the strain and
fewer relatives in the US have
background checks to receive children in
their homes some fearing their own
deportation under the Trump
administration's immigration crackdown
it happens that those family members
probably are undocumented in this kind
of country they don't have legal status
in in the message to undocumented people
in the United States right now is that
they're gonna be deported if they come
forward so people is afraid that if they
come and they did give their name the
address to sponsor one of those children
they probably think they can end up
deport them that leaves these kids in
limbo living in the desert and wondering
how much longer they'll stay
Heidi Joe Castro al Jazeera Tornillo
Texas
