well there are more refugees in the
world today than ever before the latest
report by the UN's refugee agency says
there are more than six to eight and a
half million people displaced worldwide
here's Mary de hond with a closer look
at the numbers every two seconds a
person is forced from their home over a
day that's forty four and a half
thousand people over a year more than 16
million this is the UN figure for newly
displaced people in 2017 the UN's
refugee agency says it's part of a
whirring upward trend a number that's
risen every year for the last five years
and is fueled by war violence and
persecution crises like those in the
Democratic Republic of Congo war in
South Sudan the hundreds of thousands of
Muslim revenger flooding into Bangladesh
from neighboring Myanmar most of them
are children
fifty-three percent of the world's
displaced and often unaccompanied or
separated from their families one and
every 110 people is a refugee internally
displaced or seeking asylum that adds up
to more than sixty eight and a half
million people to put that in
perspective if the world's refugees were
a single nation that roughly equal the
population of the United Kingdom and in
the time I've been talking at least 34
people more than half of them children
have been forced from their homes
