the German police squad maps checks
close to the Bavarian border with
Austria trying to establish the
identities of the people making the
journey to Germany for months Interior
Minister horse Zi Hoffa has been calling
for more of this sort of thing across
the country on Monday the Chancellor
Angela Merkel seemed to move in his
direction conceding that in some
instances a wider group of people can
now be denied entry the CDU and CSU have
the joint goal to better direct
migration into our country and reduce
the number of people arriving in the
country
so that we do not have a situation like
we had in 2015 what this concession is
not though is an immediate repudiation
of Merkel's 2015 policy that Germany
accepts asylum seekers who have already
tried to claim asylum in another EU
country in accepting this compromise
they offer suggested it wasn't a
complete solution you can see giamatti
we do not yet have the whole issue of
migration under control there have been
some improvements but I cannot say that
the issue is under control to the extent
that I can tell the German people we
have a system in place to control
migration and guarantee legal certainty
in line with the Constitution we still
have a lot of work to do here this route
has placed historical allies in an
unfamiliar position seemingly in a war
of words and with some suggesting the
fate of the coalition is at stake it is
a serious crisis we have and it's just
postponed for the next two weeks Merkel
now got her compromise that she can work
hard for the next two weeks to call and
meet with leaders of other European
countries to find a compromise on in
crisis what Europe is suffering from for
the last three years Merkel has stressed
the need for bilateral agreements with
other countries making her meeting with
Italian Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte on
Monday the perfect opportunity to lobby
for change when EU leaders meet in
Brussels at the end of next week they'll
be trying to find a deal that all member
states can accept the question for
angular Merkel will be is
it a deal her Bavarian allies can accept
Dominic Kane al-jazeera Berlin
