growing outrage in the United States
over this children appearing to be
detained along the southern border of
the United States separated from their
parents who await court appearances
accused of entering the United States
illegally it's a practice the Trump
administration is defending this
administration has a simple message if
you cross the border illegally we will
prosecute you if you make a false
immigration claim we will prosecute you
if you smuggle illegal aliens across an
extraordinarily dangerous journey we
will prosecute you the policy of
separating children has been in place
for more than a decade but until
recently was always considered an action
of last resort enforcement has surged
under President Donald Trump who's not
backing down from his hardline policy
the United States will not be a migrant
camp and it will not be a refugee
holding facility won't be you look at
what's happening in Europe you look at
what's happening in other places we
can't allow that to happen to the United
States not on my watch zero humanity and
it makes zero sense the president's
comments have provoked growing outrage
among Democrats and even members of his
own Republican Party Trump's admitted
separating children from their parents
is horrible that is trying to once again
pressure Congress into passing
immigration reform laws it's been
promising on Monday he tweeted changed
the laws and later he blamed his
Democratic opponents for not reforming
the laws even though Republicans
currently control Congress and both
parties have failed to deliver
immigration reform for decades and until
there are new laws in place or Trump's
infamous border wall is funded the
Attorney General says the zero tolerance
policy will continue we cannot and will
not encourage people to bring their
children or other children to the
country unlawfully by giving them
immunity in the process Trump is
expected to travel to Capitol Hill to
speak with Republican lawmakers on
Tuesday
but a series of immigration proposals
but none is expected to pass setting up
an emotional debate that is unlikely to
be resolved until voters go to the polls
for congressional elections in November
Kimberly hellcat al Jazeera Washington
