the three-year war in Yemen has reached
what could be a crucial turning point
the bottle for the port of the data the
outgoing UN High Commissioner for Human
Rights is concerned I emphasize my grave
worry regarding the Saudi and Emirati
LED coalition's ongoing attacks in
Haditha which could result in enormous
civilian casualties and have a
disastrous impact on life-saving
humanitarian aid to millions of people
which comes through the port nearly 200
people have been killed since the
offensive for the important red sea port
began on Wednesday and nearly 5,000
families forced to flee their homes says
the UN we suffer from the aerial raids
and the cruel aggression in the
indiscriminate shelling that goes on
24/7 this has led us to leave our areas
we don't have food we don't have
humanitarian support the organization's
concerned do nothing for us we're sick
I'm hurt and my body suffers a lot
shuttle diplomacy by the UN special
envoy to Yemen and efforts to obtain a
ceasefire have failed so far
Martin Griffith has been in the capital
sana holding talks with the warring
parties the United Arab Emirates which
is part of the coalition against healthy
fighters along with Saudi Arabia says
precautions are being taken to protect
civilians we are careful not to hit
surrounding residential areas so as not
to hurt the people there the current
fight for the airport suits us for two
reasons the first is it gives us an
opportunity to advance and avoid as much
as we can the civilians secondly it
gives the international envoi a chance
to have his say before leaving Sanaa
since the intervention of the coalition
to back government forces three years
ago at least 10,000 Yemenis have been
killed tens of thousands injured and
millions displaced the port of today the
handles 70 percent of Yemen's imports
including life-saving aid a big chunk of
that it has often been shipped through
the port of Djibouti behind me but not
since the offensive began UN staff say
two shipments they sent to her data this
week had to be returned after failing to
obtain
clearance from the saudi-led coalition
they now say they're quickly running out
of storage space for the consignments of
aid that continue to arrive and can't
leave for where they're needed most
on Monday the management of her they
deport say the twas operating all
commercial shipments arriving at the
port are well known shipments that are
arriving from well-known ports the
claims made by the coalition that
shipment of arms have arrived to the
port are null and void the current
military campaign aims at targeting the
port the coalition countries know well
that the port has no military activities
at all and is not involved at all in any
arms shipment the UN asked all Yemen the
world's worst humanitarian crisis and
the bottle for her data and its effects
could make it even worse Mohammed Al
Jazeera Djibouti
