addressing thousands of his supporters
in Istanbul Zeneca per square president
rejected by John outline his
post-election plans a week before Turks
had to the polls Adam sees Istanbul as
key to his winning next Sunday's
election warning his party that if it
fails in Istanbul it falls in Turkey but
the West is watching June 24 what are
they waiting for
how will her Diwan collapse are we ready
to give the appropriate lesson to them
the ruling Justice and Development Act
party has enjoyed an outstanding
economic performance once that suffers
now from a fragile economy with a
declining national currency high
inflation and rising interest rates
economic problems are a game by the
foreign powers and their collaborators
inside to topple the AK Party in Turkey
as well
our Dawn has never lost an election
since 2002 but last year's referendum on
his sweeping constitutional changes was
a close call for him Istanbul is a
castle that every politician wants to
conquer it's a financial and cultural
hub president I don't wants to win here
but he knows it's not going to be easy
since a failed coup in 2016 Turkey has
been under a state of emergency a move
strongly opposed by the pro-kurdish
Peoples Democratic Party or HD peace
presidential candidate salat and
demitasse he has been jailed for more
than a year without a verdict in a
campaign speech aid by Turkish state
broadcaster he was quick to criticize
the president Turkey will get isolated
and become an authoritarian oppressive
and undemocratic country still with his
strong popular support our don is the
favorite to win next week's election but
he faces what could be his toughest
challenge yet at the ballot box see
namco s√≥lo al jazeera Istanbul
