police in managua say a group of hooded
men threw a firebomb into this house a
family of six killed in the fire
included two children medics failed to
resuscitate my two cousins survived one
was burned and the other was hit and she
fell onto the balcony she was thrown in
glass tore my body my hands my head as
we got out of here we got out by forest
neighbor's assisted firefighters in
dousing the blaze while helping
survivors escape from the balcony they
say police surrounded the house and
burnt it after the owner refused to let
them place a sniper on the roof to guard
a nearby checkpoint
yonas had nothing to do with this they
were Christian people in the policeman
leave the porch they wanted to burn the
house and they managed to burn it police
say they will investigate the cause of
the fire protests began two months ago
after a decision by President Daniel
Ortega to cut pensions
Ortega's critics say the former
revolutionary leader is running a
corrupt government protesters want him
to step down and the government to
implement democratic reforms the
opposition really won't be happy with
anything less than a premature departure
from the presidency of Ortega human
rights groups say at least 170 mostly
young people have been killed since
mid-april
in confrontations between heavily armed
soldiers and demonstrators armed with
rocks and slingshots protesters are
calling on Ortega's government to end
the violence which the president blames
on foreign agitators and drug cartels
the latest violence flared hours after a
truce had been signed between the
government and civic groups right now
there's no external institution no
internal real leadership that can bring
about a change here hooligan a min the
president has yet to respond to demands
by the Catholic Church for early
elections
Ortega's third term as head of one of
the poorest countries in the Americas is
set to end in 2021
the violence meanwhile has splintered
the country between loyalists and
protesters slowing down
tourism investments and grinding the
country's economy to a halt
Paul trader G on al Jazeera
