the three-year war in Yemen has reached
what could be a crucial turning point
with the battle for the port city of Ho
Dana since the intervention of a Saudi
and a marauder coalition to stop Houthi
rebels in 2015 more than 10,000 people
have been killed tens of thousands
injured and millions displaced famine
and outbreaks of Cholera and diphtheria
have turned Yemen into what the UN calls
the world's worst humanitarian crisis
now an offensive by pro-government
forces on ho Dada
could result in another quarter million
casualties and leave 70% of Yemen's
population without access to food
medicine or relief supplies the
coalition says rebels have been using
the port not only to import food but
also ballistic missiles that have been
fired at targets inside Saudi Arabia but
the UN fears this attack could spark a
new humanitarian crisis nearly 200
people have been killed since the
offensive for the key Red Sea port began
on Wednesday the UN says nearly 5,000
families have had to flee their homes to
stay alive we were safe at home when
pro-government forces and Houthi rebels
started fighting continuously we managed
to flee but some others were killed or
got stuck displaced Yemenis are seeking
shelter from not only street fighting
but also aerial attacks some of the
families caught in the crossfire are
camping in schools or makeshift shanties
we started walking carrying our children
while the Apache helicopters hovered
above we were scared not knowing whether
we'll be shot or not we prayed we
wouldn't get hurt there was nothing we
could do
shuttle diplomacy by UN special envoy to
Yemen Martin griffiths hasn't succeeded
so far Houthi spokesman has told Al
Jazeera that the UN Special Envoy has
not asked Houthi fighters to hand over
their weapons in return for Saudis
stopping their airstrikes the Saudi
government in the UAE government are
lying to people by claiming that the UN
envoy is carrying such demands this is
because they trying to justify the
military defeats and failures the
discussions are part of an ongoing
search for a comprehensive solution and
that covers her data and many other
places
analysts believe the best outcome to
keep thousands of people from being
killed and millions from starving to
death is for the two warring sides to
reach a ceasefire agreement somehow Paul
trader G on al Jazeera
