who wants refugees and migrants rescued
from the Mediterranean Sea 630 sailed
into a Spanish port after Italy and
Malta turned them away things 200c for
nine days has highlighted the migration
dispute between EU members can they
overcome their deep divisions this is
inside story
hello and welcome to the program
I'm Elizabeth puranam the arguments over
who should take responsibility for
refugees arriving in Europe heating up
again
EU leaders have long been divided about
how to handle the migrant crisis which
is being highlighted by the grueling
voyage undertaken by 630 migrants now in
Spain
they've been stranded at sea for more
than a week because of a diplomatic
route
Ashley and Malta refused to accept them
after being rescued from overcrowded
dinghies off the coast of Libya well
after much debate the new Spanish
government allowed the charity ship
Aquarius and two other vessels to dock
in Valencia but almost two million
migrants poured into Europe at the peak
of the refugee crisis four years ago the
total has dropped dramatically since
then the United Nations refugee agency
says Italy has welcomed fifteen thousand
three hundred migrants this year Greece
twelve thousand and Spain nine thousand
five hundred the EU struck a deal with
Turkey two years ago to stop the
uncontrolled flow of migrants across the
Aegean Sea other countries such as
Austria and Hungary took a more hardline
approach by building border fences the
Hungarians and Poland refused to
implement the EU s plan to resettle
refugees throughout its Member States
well because asylum seekers must lodge
their applications in the first au
country they enter Italy and Greece are
in the front line for migrants crossing
the Mediterranean Sea and
anti-immigration sentiment has increased
in Europe with right-wing parties who
want tougher rules making gains in
Austria Germany and Italy with his
widespread agreement that the EU needs
to overhaul Asylum and immigration laws
but disagreement on how an EU summit is
due to discuss new rules in Brussels at
the end of this month we'll get to our
guests in a moment but first let's talk
to her see berhad said äòi she's a
Humanitarian Affairs adviser for MSF and
she's joining us from Valencia very good
to have you with us on al Jazeera so
tell us about the condition that these
refugees and migrants are in and what's
going to happen to them now so DIAC
Reyes arrived this morning into port
of Valencia with on board 106 people
only we decided to keep on board our
ship the honorable people those who were
injured
those were sick those who had had
respiratory problems after almost
drowning at sea pregnant women and
children and then the Italian
authorities took on board the other
refugees and migrants in the group of
629 that we had rescued over the weekend
last week who were transferred to us the
reason why people were transferred to
ships by of the Italian Navy at the
Italian Coast Guard is simply because
the acquirers the ship operated by SOS
and an MSF is is not equipped to do such
a long journey from the coast of Libya
to Spain especially in bad weather
condition and especially so overcrowded
but all that triggered that situation
and that we call the necessary cruelty
that has been imposed on them is the
decision of the Italian authorities to
deny us disembarkation whereas until now
we had been able to disembark in Italy
and what I started here is to see that
people some of the most vulnerable
people people who have fled conflicts
and and persecution people who have
experienced extremely difficult
conditions and very high level of
violence in in Libya where then again
used as bargaining chip in a European
chess of chess game rather than their
lives foods for most and before anything
any other consideration Mossad sorry now
that they are on land can they expect a
fair application process to settle in
Europe do you think yeah and we hoping
that they will the Spanish authorities
have been extremely I've been extremely
welcoming we have been in contact with
the Spanish authorities especially on
the medical cases on our patients but we
also have an income
with protection agencies such as the
when High Commissioner for Refugees or
the organization of in the organization
international migration the attack the
Spanish authorities have given
assurances that these people would be
able to claim asylum should they wish to
claim asylum there's a number of
organization including NGOs providing
legal advice who could help these people
but in a way we should not take the
situation of the 629 people as a
precedent that needs to be renewed or
symptomatic of the treatment of migrants
and refugees on European soul at one of
the greatest concerns of of MSF
especially ahead of the European Council
is that migration policies are focused
on containment and restrictive migration
policies and on making sure that people
do not reach the source of Europe and
any cost and the cost that MSF sees in
its country Idiot's projects in in Libya
in in Ethiopia in in the Mediterranean
and and in a range of other countries is
the human cost of such restrictive
policies and the avoidable suffering
that is imposed on people who like you
and me just want a better life and to
feel safe mister miss Hodge sorry it's
great to get your thoughts on this thank
you very much for your time well let's
bring in our other guests now from
Geneva by Skype is William lacy swag the
director general of the International
Organization for Migration and from Rome
by Skype is francesco galley at the head
of the political risk consultancy policy
so no thank you both very much for
joining us and mr. lacy swerg I'm going
to start with you we just heard from MSF
that the Europe's policy at the moment
of turning refugees away is cause
causing avoidable suffering what are yo
opium governments obligations towards
rescued refugees and migrants and are
they meeting them when they turn them
away well quite clearly the number one
he always has to be to save lysed we
lost 5,000 people in the Mediterranean
in 2016
3400 last year and we're approaching a
thousand this year and about 50,000
since the year 2000 those are the ones
we know about there are many others lost
in the sands of the Sahara and on the
bottom of the Mediterranean we'll never
be able to to see her to count so
clearly we all have an obligation to
save life and in that regard
you need a unified policy that will
allow people at least to have their case
heard and look at the various options
that would be available but right now
we're suffering from what I would call
her what Javier Solana has called
refugee amnesia forgetting that IOM my
organization was founded in 1951
precisely to bring Europeans ravaged by
the Second World War to safe Shores and
new lives and 61 years ago several
hundred thousand hungarians were all
received with open arms in austria and
former yugoslavia interesting then that
hungary is one of the countries that has
one of the toughest policies towards
refugees and migrants at the moment mr.
Galia - why do you think the European
Union is lacking that sort of unified
stance and response that mr. lacy swig
is talking about why are we seeing a
push back towards refugees and migrants
now I can obviously speak for Italy what
I can tell you is that the current
majority in parliament and the
government backed by this majority is an
anti-establishment majority and one of
the reasons it made it to power is that
it campaigned on immigration the
narrative is very much a narrative of
blood and soil with a strong emphasis on
domestic security what we have these
days in Italy is a situation with more
and more people in social endangerment
and lots of unemployment especially
among the younger people and the growing
sense of insecurity that's obviously
related to perceptions not to an actual
threat so I think that what we have
these days is strictly related to the
feelings of Italians of the majority of
Italians which is reflected in a new
political equilibrium and obviously in
the to political turmoil around Italy
yeah the new Minister of Interior a
strong man the leader of the liga matteo
Selenia has just publicly pledged that
he will travel to Libya to patch up a
solution as we all know that a deal has
been in place with the Libyan tribes and
did so far and it is thanks to this deal
that the flow of both people to Italy
has been stemmed the big question now is
obviously where they will be possible
once again to strike a deal with Libyan
tribes then the flow of migrants from
samsara and Africa or where this will
not be possible
Egypt in addition to Libya is often
quoted as a reliable partner to
stabilize the situation in North Africa
mr. Lacey swing a lot of these refugees
and migrants are being sent back to
Libya should they be given the political
situation in that country and not only
that but the conditions and the
detention centres the detention camps
that UN agencies have really spoken out
against and have called appalling yes I
have been to the detention centers twice
and will be going there again and in
about a week's time we have tried to
reason with the Siraj government that
first of all we should begin by a
humanitarian act of separating the men
and the women that would be the first
thing to be done secondly we should
start turning these detention centers
into open reception centers we are
currently taking at least one flight a
day out of Libya taking these people
home from the detention centers the
problem is the smugglers business model
the minute Libyan Coast Guard brings a
group of shore we give the medical aid
we give them psychosocial help
IG
kids and all of that but then they go
right back into the detention center so
I'm hoping that we can give Vincent to
let us take these people directly home
rather than to distance centers and one
of the main problems many problems
rather with these detention centers is
again UN agencies have said that the
Libyan Coast Guard is actually in some
conditions and in some cases working
with people smugglers well until we can
break this people smugglers business
model it's all about money it's very
much entwined with the international
criminal networks drugs and guns and
people it's much easier to run people
the drugs and guns and very profitable
about thirty five billion dollars a year
until we can break up that and bring
these smugglers to trial we have made
very few significant prosecutions in the
last year
mr. Gailey Etta you know you know
European governments say that they don't
want to encourage people smugglers by
taking in those who are using their
services but is it as simple as that
no of course not but I think that what
is now happening is something that we've
never seen before
ie things are moving very slowly but
they are moving Italy and France
starting talks and believe me these
talks are not just about the migrants
the migrants are just part of a wider
equation which is all about projecting
geopolitical and geo-economic influence
in North Africa Italy and France are not
just arguing about who gets how many
immigrants they are arguing about in the
footprint of oil companies French and
Italian companies in Libya who gets what
Indian icon who gets what in to
California this there is no romance here
obviously but we should never take
immigration separately from other big
issues that are part of the
Mediterranean equation and and oil and
you think
target not part of that mr. lacy swing
it's not just Italy in France that are
arguing about you know who should take
how many migrants and refugees there was
a plan to resettle some 100,000 back in
2016 and two countries Hungary and
Poland refused to be a part of it what
do you make of that you know should
there face repercussions for this it was
a mandatory plan
well it's ironic that these tougher
measures and more conservative moves are
taking place now at a time when the
numbers arriving have been dropping
dramatically secondly we have to keep
perspective the 1.5 million migrants who
came north in 2016 is less than 1/2
percent of Europe's population of 550
million people Lebanon with four and a
half million population has one and a
half million Syrians on their territory
and a half million Palestinians so I
think it's a perspective now that is
lacking there are ways to manage this
and unfortunately when the Chancellor
declared to be of shaphan das I think
she must have assumed that a number of
the other 27 partners in the Union would
have followed and helped out a bit and
it would have been a very small amount
of work and burden for anyone but that
didn't happen as we now know and now
unfortunately we have the situation that
you have we have taken a hundred
thousand migrants back home in the last
year people who wanted voluntarily to go
home and we continue to do that we taken
30,000 migrants out of the detention
centers and another 10,000 along the
migratory path who felt they wanted to
go home so we're doing what we can to
support this but without unity in the
European states it's not going to happen
and mr. Dalia there seems to be a lack
of unity not just between different
European countries but within the
governments themselves you know mr. lacy
swing was talking about the German
Chancellor Angela Merkel who's perhaps
been one of the most welcoming leaders
world leaders to refugees and migrants
and
now she is facing you know a huge
standoff with her new interior minister
who's saying that refugees and migrants
at the border have to be turned back and
has created this new coalition with the
Austrians and the Italians so is Miss
Merkel looking increasingly alone here
just you are perfectly right what we are
seeing is the issue of migrants
overlapping with the run-up to the next
EU elections and before that with the
fall 2018 Bavarian regional elections
but it is true that in Germany that city
who is at loggerheads with the Bavarians
of the who and that they say is who is
quite close to Italy because of its
strong domestic security agenda and with
other nationalist parties across the EU
it's also fair to say that the the issue
of immigration of the management of
immigration will be a decisive one in
the run-up to the next EU elections
because at the heart of this Runner is
the European political parenting process
who sides with the whom under which
brand and so obviously this is a time in
history where you have the old
traditional political families the
Socialists and the European popular part
but you also have a new brands like
Frances on Nash so microns party and
this is a time when the old brand will
have to decide whether in order to
survive they will have to unboard new
partners for instance that seat did say
is who in in germany not Merkel
obviously but the tea is who would be
quite keen on getting closer to the lead
after all that let's remember that that
we already have a very sovereigntist
member of the sale of the EPP and there
is Viktor Orban of Hungary and in Italy
we hope we also have another case the
the the coalition partner of the league
the five stars movement that which has
to choose what it wants to do in the
close future
now in Strasbourg it is under the same
roof with the UK's Nigel Faraj but in
the close future you will have to decide
where they want to embrace my throne or
it wants to take it go down a completely
different route so you are right this
issue is potentially reshuffling the
entire political landscape in Europe mr.
lacy swing everybody agrees that
Europe's immigration policies and laws
need to be reworked because they're not
working at the moment what do you think
needs to happen especially to things
like the Dublin regulation which have
seen frontline countries Greece and
Italy take a disproportionate number of
refugee refugees and migrants well
clearly when you have this many people
dying along migratory paths there's
something wrong with policies clearly
what's lacking here is perspective it is
a political crisis not a migrant crisis
the numbers are not that large it would
be manageable provided you had a unified
comprehensive long-term migration and
asylum policy which all agreed upon he
would then be manageable and by the way
the Africans are not all coming north
south south migration within Africa
where I spent 30 years of my career is
just as large as South North migration
so it's not as if there were an invasion
it is not and the numbers have fallen
we're trying to negotiate a global
compact on migration we think that that
will help address the issue but you're
going to have issues like this for
example Europe wants more migrants to be
sent home and Africans want more legal
pathways to Europe and the driving
forces are cyclic yeah that this is not
going to be resolved immediately
mr. galley immediate Aborigine yeah
sorry the sagal Yeti how is this
resolved in right now the the
priority is not actually dealing with
the deeper causes of the issue it is
just about dealing with the symptom so
basically dealing managing the
logistical springboard er I Libya and
Tunisia and this is where this is what
the Italian authorities care a lot about
Italy is not in a position alone to deal
with the deeper roots off of this
whether it is a political issue or a
migration issue it's probably a mix of
both but Italy is not a position to deal
with the deeper causes it can only deal
with the symptoms there is a precedent
in 2008 which is the deal with Gaddafi
yeah the excuse of paying war
indemnification to Libya Gaddafi
committed to stemming the flow of
immigrants but that was a flow that
originated from Libya
whereas now Libya is more of a
logistical springboard then the flows
are originating in mostly in sub-saharan
Africa mr. Lacey swing the European
Union's way of dealing with this issue
so far you know mr. Gailey Athey was
speaking about they're only dealing with
the symptoms and not the causes is they
have been throwing money at sort of
third party countries to stop refugees
and migrants from leaving like the
eu-turkey deal can we expect more deals
between the European and say now North
African countries well I think we have
right now a fairly fragile African Union
European Union coalition that includes
the International Organization for
Migration and the UN High Commission for
Refugees we're working together there is
a dialogue I think it's important to
keep that going you really need
partnerships in this because it can be
resolved alone needs to be as much unity
as possible across the board I think
that we've made a lot of progress so far
the numbers I gave you of people that
have voluntarily returned home but the
drivers are such that large-scale
migration is going to be and remain a
mega trend of our century you have the
median age in West Africa is 15 in
Europe is 50 and we need to have
programs of government government
programs of public education and public
information yep to help people
understand better what this is all about
and how they can manage it
gentlemen were nearly at the end of our
program mr. Goliath II I'm going to give
you the last say here we have that
European Union summit on migration
coming up at the end of this month what
is the best that you think can come out
of it Italy is capable of fixing Libya
or and dealing with Libyan tribes he
will need financial commitments from
other countries yeah and he will greater
willingness by other European countries
Mediterranean ones to take up the
immigrants but but it's perfectly
capable of dealing with it with Libya on
its own the thing is normally this is
associated with money so the the Libyan
Libyans ask for money either tacitly or
explicitly but but this is normally
involved so the big issue is that Italy
is not willing to pay an indefinite
amount of money alone will will share
will have to share the burden with
others all right mr. Gailey okay thank
you very much for that that is francesco
galle a key joining us from Rome and
William lacy swing joining us from
Geneva and thank you too for watching
you can see the program again any time
by visiting our website al-jazeera calm
and for further discussion do go to our
Facebook page that's facebook.com /aj
inside story you can also join the
conversation on Twitter a handle is at
AJ inside story from me Elizabeth
puranam and the whole team here bye for
now
