on dry land at last clearly happy to be
here
special care for pregnant women mothers
their toddlers and others most
vulnerable these migrants and refugees
were forced to spend more than the
weaker sea by European Union leaders
squabbled of a migration policy NGO
ships are just doing their work we're
saving lives as independent humanitarian
organizations saving life is not a crime
and we're not course of this situation
we're also not a solution what we are at
the end is a symptom of a failing policy
of the European governments relief
workers say many migrants landing in
Spain were tortured in Libyan detention
centers or may have been traded as sex
slaves after health check from medical
workers migrants disembarked to be
registered by police and assessed it's
the start of a months long process while
their accounts are scrutinized and the
government decides who will be allowed
to stay as refugees it's unacceptable
that those ones we we should protect I
don't understand what's going on here I
mean imagine that you have to explain to
people that they are safe now but the
next steps are completely unclear
Spain's incoming socialist government
has welcomed the charity ship Aquarius
and the two Italian vessels but not all
share that enthusiasm hours before the
ship's docked an anti-immigrant fringe
party organized a portside protest they
fear and migrant influx will change the
Spanish way of life in the next 10 or 15
years the majority of young people in
this country will have a religion and
culture different from our own we're
faced with a problem of survival the
arrival of the Aquarius means safe haven
for some but a political solution to the
migration crisis remains remote so that
people do not fall prey to traffickers
and smugglers so it's about you know a
human situation that needs to be managed
in a humane way
for the latest arrivals the politics
will have to wait for now a few minutes
to play with new toys and celebrate
their survival
Kyle Penhall al Jazeera Valencia Spain
