this is a cigarette manufacturing
Factory in Bangladesh but there are few
if any machines working al-jazeera
secretly filmed these pictures
the reason the factory owner refused us
permission to film is because of the
children working here the Bangladesh
government says it's doing all it can to
crackdown on child labour but there is
little evidence of that in this factory
some of the children making these cheap
cigarettes known locally as biddies look
barely 10 years old but the money they
earn helps their families survive many
children work at home making the paper
tubes which are sent to the factory to
be filled with tobacco they get around
40 cents for every 3,000 tubes the
average wage is around $1 a day 15 year
old Massa Matta sheets a cartoon works
with her younger brothers and sisters
making biddies four days a week but
unlike many others in the industry she
also goes to school we work to help our
family this is how we survive my parents
taught me this line of work at a very
young age I don't like doing it you have
to sit in the same position and work
long hours we don't even make that much
money according to the Bangladesh labor
law the minimum legal age for employment
is 14 United Nations Children's agency
UNICEF says enforcement is difficult
because of where most of the children
work in small factories workshops or
from home there should be a different
choice of jobs for these people other
than the tobacco industry there are at
least 2 million people working
nationwide in this sector
there should be alternative employment
opportunities provided by the government
for all these workers then we ourselves
will be willing to shut down this sector
Bangladesh's Finance Minister has
repeatedly called for the berry
factories about a hundred and twenty of
them to be closed down a recent study by
the human rights organisation Prager
focused on nine factories it found
around fifteen thousand of the
21000 workers were children some as
young as four years old chance Stratford
al Jazeera
