gustavo petrol has captured the
imagination of Columbia's young voters
his stance on tackling inequality
reducing reliance on carbon fuels and
ending the status quo of right-wing
politics appeals to a new generation
eager for change it's time to end 200
years of the same families governing us
this is the chance for a free
citizenship and equality for all
I think Gustavo Petri is the only
candidate that has a long term vision
for our country when it comes to
fighting climate change and creating a
modern liberal democracy no stranger to
politics Gustavo Petro is a former
member of the m-19 rebel group four
years ago he became the mayor of Bogota
one of the most powerful political
positions in the country his tenure was
marred by controversy
critics say petros autocratic style was
abrasive a supporter of the historic
peace accords with the FARC rebels this
intellect of the left has emerged as a
real contender
whatever happens Gustavo Petro has a
distinction of being the most successful
leftist candidate in this country's
history he does however face some stiff
opposition particularly from those in
the business community who say a petro
presidency could lead to economic ruin
when we meet Mario Hernandez at his
factory in Bogota
he's enthusiastically handing out caps
emblazoned with the name of Petros
opponent even Duque Hernandez is one of
the biggest manufacturers in Colombia
like many in the business community he's
concerned that Petros policies are anti
business Athena I don't know what he
hears against the productive class he
wants to take land from the big owners
and give small plots of land to farmers
that's not how you run the country you
have to generate employment taxes and
consumption to window Petro needs the
support of undecided voters like artist
Gabriella Sanchez she's leaning towards
the 58 year old and tells us she's
feeling pressure to decide a silat in
the social media a lot so people are all
the time saying if you vote for Duque
you're gonna kill people's like this
stream
and a lot of hate for decades columbia
sport against leftist guerrillas now one
is a leading presidential candidate with
a chance of shaping this country's
future and i gallica al jazeera bogota
colombia
