Hadiya International Airport clearly
damaged but the Houthis insist still
very much in their hands that despite
claims by the Saudi an Emirati LED
military coalition that they are now in
control here
this is the ho Dada International
Airport today is the second day of Eid
al Fatah and the claims that they took
control of the airport are baseless
they are just spreading lies and rumors
but if the Saudi an Emirati led
coalition isn't in control of the
airport its forces aren't far away and
they're gaining ground now the UN
special envoy to Yemen
Martin Griffiths has flown into the
Yemeni capital sana to prevent a
humanitarian catastrophe in Haneda the
port city is a lifeline not only to the
Houthis but to the entire Yemeni
population we reject the war we reject
any fighting in the city of her data we
want full peace to be implemented across
the nation we the residents of the day
the city want to live in peace and
security we don't want war we don't want
fighting of any kind enough is enough
the Saudi an Emirati led coalition wants
Houthis to hand over control of the port
either to a UN supervised committee or
Yemen's government the accused the
rebels of importing weapons from Iran
Saudi Arabia says it can seize the city
quickly enough to avoid interrupting
flows of aid parties proposed new
humanitarian aid plans aiming to make
sure the external humanitarian
assistance can access Yemen through her
data for the Houthis the saudi-led
proposal is a non-starter and they're
suspicious of any attempts by the UN
envoy to broker peace the war in Yemen
has already cost the world's worst
humanitarian crisis and there are fears
of worse to come
we are very fearful that any kind of
blockage of the free flow of
humanitarian food also commercial stocks
of particularly food and fuel could have
a major impact on people who are already
highly vulnerable as some of the Middle
East's richest countries fight the
region's poorest the UN Special Envoy is
reinforcing the international appeals to
stop the destruction priyanka Gupta
al-jazeera
