the pain of finding the body of a loved
one pulled from the mud dozens of bodies
have been found many more are missing
the whole community's been left in shock
when two villages were devastated in a
landslide input to the district in
eastern Uganda the vane was too much and
we took shelter then my friend decided
to go rescue his motorcycle he saw the
house being carried away by the mudslide
that's when he came back and we left
quickly but whoever we made behind was
swept away school children those who are
drinking market vendors they were all
swept away by the rain the river still
may burst its banks following hours of
heavy rain that triggered the landslide
which swept away an unknown number of
houses rescuers have searched for
survivors who found mostly the bodies of
the dead people living here in the
foothills of Mount Elgon grow their own
food to survive a steadily growing
population means trees and vegetation a
cut to make space for farming that makes
the steep slopes weaker and it's not the
first time they've collapsed in 2010
over a hundred people were killed in the
same area when a landslide buried three
villages landslides happen almost every
year government programs to resettle
people haven't worked it's to this
hospital that the bodies that have been
recovered are being brought and then
families come here identify them and
take them away for burial but this very
Hospital has been used for exactly the
same purpose several times before people
are wondering why it keeps happening
again and again but for the people that
live in the treacherous slopes around
here they don't have anywhere else to go
Malcolm Webb al-jazeera budda Uganda
