on the brink of a trade war China and
the United States the world's two
biggest economies Beijing heads back at
Donald Trump's new tab so will his
America first to project backfire and
what will it mean for global trade this
is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Elizabeth Ryland the last ten years saw
a marked improvement in trade between
the United States and China but Trump's
Battle of the tariffs is threatening
that and there are fears of an all-out
trade war the US has put in tariffs on
fifty billion dollars worth of Chinese
imports the president says he wants a
fairer trade with China but bade Jiang's
fired back with a tit-for-tat response
it's published a list of more than 600
American products it plans to hit with
its own taxes is it a case of who blinks
first in this economic brinksmanship
we'll talk to our guests in a moment but
first Florence Louis reports from
Beijing tit for tat that's one way to
describe the first shots in what's
brewing to be a tariff war between the
world's two largest economies the u.s.
struck first with a 25% tax on certain
Chinese imports worth 50 billion dollars
China's counterpunch an announcement
that six hundred and fifty nine types of
u.s. goods also worth fifty billion
dollars will be subject to tariffs the
first round comes into effect on the 6th
of July and affects products ranging
from soybean to seafood to cars it China
feels like it's been the straw it's at
the strongest point that it's been in
hundreds of years
it feels like it's ascendant and so it's
not likely to back down some of the
tariffs will likely bite Chinese
consumers the higher tax on soybean
imported from the US some of which is
used for pig feed could ultimately drive
up the price of domestic pork but the
tariffs could also hurt American farmers
if China the u.s. s largest buyer of
soybeans finds substitute sellers
elsewhere US President Donald Trump has
been hammering China on trade for months
protection
the if you look at I told you about
China you look at Japan you look at
South Korea you look at somebody and we
help these countries militarily on top
of everything else at what point does it
stop the US tariffs target industries
tied to China's made in China 2025 a
blueprint to dominate high technology
industries they're also intended to
punish the Chinese for what the u.s.
calls intellectual property theft and
unfair trade practices one trade expert
says a US trade battle with China will
impact global markets
it creates instability uncertainty it
reduces particularly investment I mean
uncertainty for long term investors
private business capital expenses and
these types of things
Trump's Summit in Singapore may have
strengthened his determination to act
for years the u.s. looked to China to
help restrain North Korea but convinced
he has built a relationship with North
Korean leader Kim jong-un
Trump perhaps feels he's in a stronger
position to be tougher on trade with
China the trade war seems to have only
just begun
Trump has threatened to slap taxes on
more goods if China goes ahead with the
tariffs chinese state media meanwhile
says china has taken note of the
statement and reserves its right to take
corresponding measures Florence lui al
Jazeera Beijing
well let's have a look at the amount of
trade between the US and China last year
goods and services were worth a total of
seven hundred and eleven billion dollars
China was the third largest market for
US exports an all-time high US exports
to China were worth a hundred and thirty
billion dollars while US imports from
China exceeded 500 billion so the
difference or the trade deficit was also
a record high of 370 billion well let's
bring in our guests now joining us from
London is Filip Leu grain political
economist and former special advisor to
the director-general of the World Trade
Organization in Beijing is inot and
China political analyst who advises the
Chinese government on economic and
development issues and from Birmingham
in the United Kingdom as Scott Lucas
professor of American politics at the
University of Birmingham a very warm
welcome to all of you mr. tang and let
me start with you you know president
Trump makes so much of this trade
deficit and it's one of the biggest
reasons for imposing these tariffs but
is it as simple or even as big as he's
making it out to be well he seems to
have a very poor understanding of what
deficits are he keeps insisting that he
has a deficit with Canada when in fact
that is not true and in terms of China
it is not as simplistic as he thinks
there are over three hundred and fifty
billion dollars a year that are is being
sold in China but produced in China by
US companies that is also under threat
when you start putting it all together
what you have is actually a fairly even
trade balance China has only about ten
billion dollars worth of things that it
produces in the US and sells in the u.s.
so it's not going to be this one-sided
idea that he has that he can sort of
force doing this this kind of bully
playground idea plus remember he is not
only at war with China he's at war with
the EU and Canada and Mexico as well as
a host of other nations including Russia
mr. de grain I know that you've written
extensively about this is the trade
deficit as black and white as Donald
Trump sees it
well I mean he seems to see a trade
deficit as somehow a loss of American
income which it isn't in the main reason
and he seems to see it as a sign of that
others are trading unfairly and that's
not necessarily true either I mean the
main reason why the US has a trade
deficit is because it doesn't save
enough and that is something which is
own irresponsible fiscal policy is only
going to make worse and in terms of the
trading relationship well one of the
reasons why there is such a big trade
with the USSR a big trade deficit with
China according to the official figures
is because there are many parts and
components which are assembled into
finished products in China and then
shipped to the US and therefore in the
traders distance they count as an
entirely Chinese export but in the case
for example of the iPhone which is
merely assembled in China the
value-added that actually comes from
China is roughly about 6%
now that's an extreme example but it
tells you actually the deficit is
smaller than he says it is more
importantly you know a bilateral trade
deficit with China in and of itself is
not it is not a problem mr. Lucas let me
bring you in now the US administration
you know also says as well as the trade
deficit that the Towser an effort to
protect American intellectual property
that China is stealing is China stealing
American intellectual property and if so
are these tariffs a way to address that
issue
well I the question about intellectual
property is a long-running issue it
predates the Trump administration and
the question is is when China has
American companies that operate is it in
some way taking information from them
learning about practices learning about
technology isn't doing the same by
trying to get into America and by some
means getting technology from US
companies but there's a proper way for
addressing that which is for example
through the World Trade Organization
there is a proper way for addressing
that indeed in talks with the Chinese
let's be very clear here the Trump
administration is only using information
or intellectual property
as sort of an excuse it this is not a
policy driven by that as much as it is
by political considerations and by
Trump's misunderstanding fundamental
misunderstanding about how economic
trade works and I do want to talk about
the political implications that is going
to have nationally for Donald Trump
especially in a year where there's
midterm elections coming up but mr.
Tannen let me come to you now is this I
mean there were talks with the Chinese
government were the trade
representatives before Donald Trump
announced that he would go ahead with
these tariffs so why didn't why wasn't
anything resolved in those talks do you
think well there's a number of theories
about that and one of them is that Trump
is using it's basically sucking all the
oxygen out of the air by dropping these
media bombs on a weekly basis to keep
the press attention away from some of
the investigations and ongoing lawsuits
that he seems to be embroiled in it is
certainly working from the perspective
that his approval rating is high the
American public likes a president who
appears to be doing things that seem
very very strong I don't know if they'll
feel that the same way when farmers and
manufacturers start going out of
business or losing it remember every
time you Institute one of these tariffs
on things coming to the u.s. you're just
simply raising the cost of doing
business and American products become
uncompetitive and this is of course
going to have an impact mr. Liu grain
the US Trade Representative Robert light
Heiser said that they hope that this
leads to further negotiations and not a
rash reaction from China and we've
already seen the reaction so how likely
is more negotiations and not a so-called
rash reaction well I mean you know this
trade war has been on then off and now
it's on again the negotiations have
started a deal seemed to have been
reached and then Trump overruled his
Treasury secretary these tariffs won't
be imposed the first tranche until the
say so July and it's quite possible that
before then some kind of a deal will be
reached I mean I think the big
is that you know Trump is so erratic you
know he says one thing and then the next
day he says another so there's very
little incentive for anyone actually to
negotiate earnestly with him
why make any kind of concession if
either a he'll go back on it the next
day or B he'll come asking for more very
soon and so I think that what what's
much more likely now is that we're going
to see a escalation and you know the
Chinese have time on their side they can
afford to bide their time ultimately
Trump faces difficult midterm elections
later in the year he faces a difficult
reelection in 2020 the Chinese don't
face obviously the electoral pressure
and they can afford to slack off the
pressure and just and allow him to wear
himself out mr. Lucas do you think that
if these policies have a negative impact
on American people if they drive up
costs for American consumers
manufacturers then could this backfire
politically for Donald Trump do you
think oh it could but we're talking
about the Trump administration or D
Donald Trump on a tightrope here and
that is that the American economy right
now as well as much of the global
economy is actually doing quite well I
disagree a bit with Ina or in the sense
that I don't think it's leading to an
overwhelming surge in approval for Trump
I think it's more that with his base of
supporters who are minority maybe 30 35
% in America it gives them something to
shout about we're still doing well we
can take on anybody China Canada and win
but if the economy goes down before
November if the tariffs begin to bite
before November then of course that
advantage he roads
I think the gamble here is by Trump and
his advisors is look we may suffer from
the tariffs but if it doesn't occur say
for the next six months we're okay
because we can ride this into the
elections mr. Liu grain how long do
tariffs like this take before you see a
real impact well I mean that the impact
is immediate obviously the price goes up
immediately and indeed in in cases where
the products are freely traded
the price reacts immediately so you saw
that as soon as the Chinese announced
already a while ago that they were
thinking about retaliate against
American soybean exports the price of
American soybeans collapsed so it
happens very quickly beyond that
obviously economies adjust and so you
know countries look for alternative
markets to export to an alternative
markets to import from and I think part
of the calculation behind what the
Trump's doing insofar as there is any is
that some of the Chinese exports
targeted will be the production of them
will be relocated about at the US I
think that's unlikely
lots of what's being targeted is low-end
stuff and if it's if it does move out of
China it's more likely to move to
somewhere like Vietnam and then to come
back to the US and Mister tagging you
know China has no shortage of countries
at the moment to both export to or
import from in the products that it
needs no absolutely I mean China China
has been building up its belt and Road
initiative it's been laying down its
infrastructure projects there's still a
little bit immature but they are looking
for ASEAN to make up ASEAN and the the
bricks bricks and combined with the
Belton Road to make up almost two
trillion dollars in future trade so they
have their eye on the future they
understand that the US and China are
going to have continued to have
difficulties because this perception
that they are strategic competitors so
III think there are no illusions here
but you have to keep in mind we're
talking about China now but this this
has now become a concert the US has
become a rogue state in essence all of
its chief trade partners I have said
that we're going to impose
countervailing duties against you this
is not something that's going to go well
as soon as you have a chorus of noes
it's easier to add your voice to that
chorus and that's exactly what Trump has
put in play listen Lucas I could see you
agreeing with a mr. Tonga and there when
he said that it's the US has become a
rogue's
would you go that far yes I would I I
think you have to remember that we are
talking tariffs against not only against
China but against what countries that
were American allies Canada Mexico
countries of the EU Japan Brazil South
Korea all have been affected and that
it's not just the economics here it's
that these tariffs have been accompanied
by political insults so when you get to
the point where Donald Trump last week
is saying that there is Donald Trump his
advisors saying there's a special place
in hell reserved for Canadian Prime
Minister Justin Trudeau and other
foreign leaders you come back to the
starting point we began with it and that
is beyond any economic disputes here if
you cannot see the American President as
predictable or reliable you enter a zone
of instability that we are not used to
and the effects are going to go far
beyond the immediate American AMA
cripples so why then you know when the
vast majority of economists agree that
protectionism doesn't work and there's
international consensus around this do
we need to wait and see what impact this
is going to have politically for the
president why then does that not
translate to criticism domestically oh
there is there is criticism domestically
but I mean among his supporters raising
voices well because for again for the
minority of supporters and my family are
among them they'll back Trump come hell
or high water until the economic effect
bites so it's like yay we're taking on
the world yay make America great great
again and until you lose your job or you
see a rise in prices that all works but
there's a second reason here we need to
emphasize it's not just Trump you're
talking about certain advisors men like
Peter Navarro Steven Miller who do not
see this in terms of a win-win
economically they see this as a win lose
the United States versus China the
United States versus Europe the United
States versus Canada and this new breed
of protectionist political as well as
economic protectionist even if they
think that they're losing some support
amongst two other Americans they simply
will say fake news
fake media liberals and hope that that
base gets them through whatever economic
damage the rest of us may suffer and so
that some of the domestic politics at
play you know pitting America against
the rest of the world sure mr. Tannen go
ahead well it's what their preaching is
this mercantilism that was supposedly
died but now has been knio knio eyes by
these people but what they're telling
Donald Trump is that America is strong
today in 20 years America will not be in
the same position so the time is now to
strike so they're selling this not only
the zero-sum ideology but they're also
saying that this is the only time that
the u.s. can reassert itself and prolong
its stay at the top now this is all
wound into American exceptionalism that
the US must be politically militarily
and economically hegemon in in the world
in order to guide it towards this
liberal capitalist democracy that they
believe is the ultimate end of all
politics mister the grain you know the
US the art the irony here
sure we'll go ahead mister the grain I
mean the irony of course is that you
know it was a past American presidents
who created the multilateral trading
trading system and they saw it as an
extension of American power an extension
of American prosperity and normally when
hegemon x' decline they try to extend
the period for which they are powerful
and it would be an America's interest to
try and preserve the system that it's
created in its own image and therefore
prolong its power and instead of that
Donald Travis taken a complete different
approach which is to say actually we've
been treated and I'm going to blow up
the system and insofar as there was a
logic to it it's that if we negotiate
with countries bilaterally America is
top dog and we'll be able to get a bit
better bigger better deal and the fact
is is that one you need allies the
United States would be much more
effective in negotiating with China if
it did it with with allies and secondly
his own negotiating strategy of being so
erratic of changing his mind all the
time
means that nobody actually is going to
make the concessions that he's looking
for I do want to introduce another
negotiating strategy a possible
negotiating strategy and to all of this
mr. Tannen you know China's economic
might might not be their only bargaining
chip here and they have many you know
what about North Korea because when
there was a lot of toing and froing
about whether the Trump Kim jong-un
summit was going to happen and North
Korea was expressing serious
reservations Donald Trump actually
blamed China for that so how much
leverage does China still have with
North Korea and couldn't use North Korea
in this trade war with the u.s. I don't
think in the way that you're expressing
remember what Donald Trump came out and
said is that he has no intention of the
u.s. paying for any of the economic
development that North Korea is going to
demand in return for giving up its nukes
he's looking he's pointed at South Korea
and Japan but the fact is China will
have to be part of it I don't know
exactly how he's going to achieve that
if he keeps punching everybody in the
nose this idea that you can push
somebody and then you know they'll back
down and give you their lunch money just
isn't working and remember this has
changed radically the appeal of the of
America can you imagine somebody in the
developing world sitting there listening
to Donald Trump who heads a nation with
5% of the world's population that
consumes a total 25 percent of the
world's annual consumption telling
everybody that oh we've gotten a raw
deal we're not getting what we want this
kind of turning into a massive whiner is
is going to turn not only the countries
he's dealing with off but it's going to
turn the rest of the world off mr.
Dugray you were former special advisor
to the director-general of the World
Trade Organisation where is the World
Trade Organization in all of this can it
do anything well obviously both the US
and China back in April launched cases
at the WTO the the u.s. because of
alleged Chinese AI intellectual property
violations and the Chinese against the
then proposed US measures
and the WTO cases will take their course
the fact that the US is now acting
unilaterally and the Chinese are
responding unilaterally undermines the
WTO and the global safe trading system I
think the bigger picture obviously is
that Donald Trump has threatened to pull
out of the WTO if the WTO were to rule
against his moves he might carry out and
that threat and in any case he's been
trying to sabotage the dispute
settlement mechanism by refusing to
approve the new appellate court judges
to as old ones have left and that means
that soon there might not be a quorum
and soon therefore the system would
break down yeah gentlemen we don't have
very long left in the show and I'd like
to ask a last question to both of our
other guests mr. Lucas and mr. Tongan
mr. Lucas let me start with you do you
think that these tariffs will go ahead
and if so what impact are they going to
have I think as your other guests have
noted given the unpredictability of
Donald Trump you can't take any
prediction as being rock-solid but given
right now the ascendancy of his
protectionist advisors who have won the
battle with the Treasury secretary
Stephen minuchin for right now I think
we do see at least a first round of
sanctions in July but I think if the
effects were felt fairly soon that the
domestic backlash in the US may make if
not Trump his advisors back away from
this within months and mr. tangen just
in the last 30 seconds if they do go
ahead will China win well there's no
winners in a trade war I mean the
question is can China survive it better
and I think the earlier comments about
the fact that China has control of its
economic operatic a lot better they're
not subject to the same kind of
electoral pressures that it is and they
will be selling this to their their to
their constituents and I you'll see a
sharp downturn in the number of American
goods being bought either way if this
thing goes forward so yes I don't think
that the US can win this one not against
China
the rest of the world combined all right
mr. Tannen thank you very much for that
that is einer tangan joining us from
Beijing and thank you to our other
guests to Philip the green in London and
Scott Lucas in Birmingham and thank you
too for watching you can see the
programme again any time by visiting our
website aljazeera.com and for further
discussion do go to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com /aj inside story you
can also join the conversation on
Twitter a handle this at AJ inside story
from the Elizabeth puranam and the whole
team here bye for now
you
