four months after 17 of their classmates
and teachers were gunned down the
activist students of Marjory Stoneman
Douglas High School are on the road
seeking support for gun control measures
and showing solidarity with other young
people victimized by gun violence matter
your voices are strong and in this
movement every single voice no matter
where it comes from matters Chicago was
the first stop on the parkland Florida
students nationwide bus tour city has
one of the highest homicide rates in the
US and many children and teenagers have
felt the trauma of gun violence
firsthand attending the rally at Saint
Sabina Church on Chicago's South Side
were native Chicagoan entertainers
Jennifer Hudson will.i.am and former
Arizona Congresswoman Gabby Giffords who
was gravely wounded in an assassination
attempt in 2011 sexism lies violence
it's time to stand up for what's right
it's time for Kurt we must do something
we must stop gun violence hist omen does
the students are urging young people to
register and vote in the midterm
elections in November they want to oust
Congress members who oppose gun
restrictions and receive campaign funds
from the National Rifle Association in
the weeks following the February school
attack the stolen Douglass students
spearheaded a nationwide movement
culminating in the massive March for our
lives rally in Washington DC
public opinion polls indicate only
modest movement in favor of stricter gun
laws President Donald Trump has paid lip
service to preventing school shootings
but has done nothing nor has the
Republican Party controlled Congress the
Parkland student activists are not done
they plan to visit 17 states on their
summer long bus tour with 75 stops they
call their journey the road to change
rob reynolds al jazeera
