in Colombia memories are a precious
commodity especially in a nation where
thousands have been killed by the
Colombian military deaths referred to as
extrajudicial executions the military
used those deaths to falsely claim
they'd killed more guerrillas Jacqueline
Castillo lost her brother 10 years ago
see sadly we can say there is a sense of
indifference in society to the plight of
the victims we need people to stand up
and say we can't let this happen again
we need to end it for good but instead
people often don't seem to care the
deaths of innocent civilians are just
one of the issues even Duque will face
if elected at 41 he's a fresh face in
Colombian politics untested and
handpicked by former President Alvaro
Uribe Uribe has been accused of human
rights abuses but remains popular among
right-wing voters critics fear Duque
will be little more than a puppet of a
former president with a questionable
past for those in the business community
welcome his economic policies key things
that we need to keep growing that we
need to insert ourselves in the economic
international economic networks and that
we need to bring more money to the
country and more progress conceived in
economic terms the biggest fear among
voters though is do case plans for the
peace accords with the FARC rebels the
historic agreement signed in 2016 ended
decades of conflict but Duque is
acquitting Ivonne Duque is running on
the campaign slogan firm hand warm heart
but it's what he may do with the Peace
Accords with FARC that have many here
concerned some say he'll rip the
agreement up entirely others that he's
more likely to modify it but for the
thousands of families that have lost
loved ones a Duque victory could mean
they won't get the truth or justice they
so desperately seek comenz√≥ gomez lost
one son to an extrajudicial killing her
other was murdered when he tried to find
out what happened she tells us the
possibility of a Duque presidency makes
her angry will see no justice she says
no truth Colombia's voters remain deeply
divided on Sunday they'll find out who
their new president is and what the
future might look like Andi Gallacher
aljazeera Bogota Colombia
