I wasn't excited but nervous atmosphere
at this dollhouse Sports Cafe with
Mohamed Salah be fit enough to take part
in the game after his recent shoulder
injury while many fans were left
disheartened by the Stars place on the
substitutes bench it didn't dampen the
mood they were determined to savor
watching the Pharaohs make their first
World Cup appearance since 1990 we love
it's our hero in football team but it is
it is a game and we will come in their
business Mohamed Salah didn't get to
make his World Cup debut on his 26th
birthday but fans remain positive the
Liverpool striker who could play in four
days time against Russia
in st. Petersburg
with Raja Chola Muhammad Allah will play
I hope Allah will win biggest match on
the Saudi Arabia so you can feel the
excitement here in the end but they're
saying they're all waiting to see what
will happen is whether Mohamed Salah
whose nickname the Pharaoh King if he's
going to be able to take his team
forward to the knockout phase or maybe
even to the end right through to the
final try to fight us out there us
dolphin
