tit for tat that's one way to describe
the first shots in what's brewing to be
a tariff war between the world's two
largest economies the u.s. struck first
with a 25% tax on certain Chinese
imports worth fifty billion dollars
China's counterpunch an announcement
that six hundred and fifty nine types of
u.s. goods also worth fifty billion
dollars will be subject to tariffs the
first round comes into effect on the 6th
of July and affects products ranging
from soybean to seafood
to cars their China feels like it's been
the Straits at the strongest point that
it's been in hundreds of years
it feels like it's ascendant and so it's
not likely to back out some of the
tariffs will likely bite Chinese
consumers the higher tax on soybean
imported from the US some of which is
used for pig feed could ultimately drive
up the price of domestic pork but the
tariffs could also hurt American farmers
if China the USA's largest via of
soybeans finds substitutes sellers
elsewhere
US President Donald Trump has been
hammering China on trade for months
China you look at Japan you look at you
look at some and we help these countries
militarily on top of everything else the
US tariffs target industries tied to
China's made in China 2025 a blueprint
to dominate high technology industries
they're also intended to punish the
Chinese for what the u.s. calls
intellectual property theft and unfair
trade practices one trade expert says a
US trade battle that China will impact
global markets
it creates instability uncertainty it
reduces particularly investment I mean
uncertainty for long term investors
private business capital expenses and
these types of things
Trump's Summit in Singapore may have
strengthened his determination to act
for years the u.s. looked to China to
help restrain North Korea but convinced
he has built a relationship with North
Korean leader Kim jong-un Trump perhaps
feels he's in a stronger position to be
tougher on trade
China the trade war seems to have only
just begun
Trump has threatened to slap taxes on
more goods if China goes ahead with the
tariffs chinese state media meanwhile
says china has taken note of the
statement and reserves its right to take
corresponding measures Florence lui al
Jazeera Beijing
