the vast complex sits on 24 thousand
hectares and cost Nigeria a billion
dollars to build because of all revenue
the government ever bothered to complete
the project underneath the rusty
aluminium roof slide 43 plans from steel
mills complete with conveyor belts
furnaces foundries and power plants the
thick coat of dust is evidence of
decades of disused the quarter of the
plant is still intact but now what we've
done is to start truly engineer the
plant refurbish and try to make them
work we also have the light meals well
produce iron rods that a hundred percent
available very soon already plan to be
in full operations eighty percent of raw
materials needed are within the
factory's 60 kilometre radius now for
the first time in decades the company's
engines have come to life
it's to power plants generally to 110
megawatts of electricity 70 megawatts
more than it needs all in a country with
electricity shortages while big steel
production activity may be a year or two
away small-scale operations like
producing iron rods and on-demand
fabrications are handled by local
engineers like the companies completed
63 kilometer internal rail link
locomotives network of tunnels are 60
kilometres of roads most equipment on
site are simply waiting to be used these
machines bear the label
met in the USSR reminder of an empire
long gone 40 years ago
Nigeria wanted to use them to
industrialize since then corruption and
easy revenue from oil have put that
dream on hold
officials say the company can produce
nearly 10 million metric tons of steel
per annum and generate more than 500,000
jobs when fully operational but
challenges remain because of the
materials involved
we need the dredging for the River Niger
in and port in Lakota who's been
developed now I inland port in Barrow
and there's always also going to be a
rail link from a Jupiter to borrow
borrow Abuja the still complex was
handed over to private operators twice
before the government took it back
months ago with Nigeria's imports
averaging 10 billion dollars a year many
expect a lot of external pressure to
keep the company in its current state
despite assurances it's not clear if the
government will bow to these pressures
or forge ahead to kickstart its
industrialization and break
half-a-century dependence on all in the
next 18 months
hamid Idris al Jazeera hakuta central
Nigeria
