sometimes amia smile can be the hardest
thing to do some of these little faces
are exactly in that type of mode these
children were born under fire in the
northern Syrian countryside of Italy
they have lost both parents and their
homes in missile strikes or under par
bombs their experiences are hard to get
over but one charity organization has
come to the rescue of these orphans and
their lives have started to change ever
since
goodness me they our primary objective
is to draw a smile in the faces of these
orphans as we buy them clothes or shoes
for instance we're trying to help them
come out of the tragedy of war the loss
of parents the psychological trauma I
personally feel as if they're all my own
children and having myself grown up an
orphan I don't want them to go through
the same conditions as I did Ann Ann was
two years old when her parents were
killed in a raid by the Syrian army
she's trying to cope with the trauma a
nurse that the same prepares her for the
Eid celebration which marks the end of
the fasting month of Ramadan I'm in
charge of twenty girls between the ages
of three and ten I provide total care
for them including health and
psychological needs they came here in
deplorable condition afraid to mix and
communicate with others so we socialize
with them and tried to give them hope
and a way out of misery we offered once
this eight to be a memorable one for the
100 children here so they were taken
shopping in addition to new clothes they
got other gifts well a man yes the weed
is great for today they brought us the
nicest clothes and presents I've lost a
dearest people that I had but thank god
we've been compensated I have a nurse
whom I feel like my own mother she feeds
me and teaches me and even bathes me and
does my hair she provides me with
everything I need on top of the list of
things they need is education classes
suited to different ages are taught here
there are also different forms of
entertainment such as theatrical plays
musical evenings and games but this
little haven of peace that's been
created here could come under threat at
any moment this area of Italy is one of
a few territory system under level
control the Syrian army continues to
launch attacks in an effort to retake it
the war from which these children have
neroli escaped may yet put their lives
at risk they are the most vulnerable
victims of a conflict that's been going
on for more than seven years it's not
known exactly how many orphans there are
in Syria but according to UNICEF the war
has left over five million children in
need of humanitarian assistance more
than half of them were forced to flee
their homes to live as refugees mostly
in neighboring countries mohammad van al
jazeera in asean table near the Turkish
Syrian border
