hello and welcome once again to rewind
I'm Kemal santamar√≠a since al Jazeera
English launched back in 2006 we've been
adding to our collection of
award-winning films year by year and
here on rewind we're showcasing some of
them once again today it's a 101 east
film about the abnormally high suicide
rate among young Indigenous Australians
each year more than a hundred
aboriginals choose to end their lives
they are twice as likely to commit
suicide as other Australians in
Kimberley in Western Australia tree
stumps are used to mark the site of a
suicide and programs based on ancient
rituals have been developed to try to
help young people find their way from
2012 this is Australia's lost generation
remote and picturesque the Kimberley in
Northwest Australia a vast area three
times the size of England
these are the traditional lands of the
ungood Rangers their job to take care of
the land these indigenous Rangers are
using their bush skills for a
biodiversity study so ease pull up but
recently these Rangers have had to
acquire a new set of skills it was a
costly grab to to respond on to suicide
Lloyd no gets younger brother hung
himself last year the suicide sparked
the own good Rangers to take up a
suicide intervention course I am lost my
little brother to suicide I'm last year
on my we had my birthday about family
barber you and yeah last week my little
brother was some 14 years old Moen Jim
has a population of 350 people and is
about eight kilometers away from the
town of Derby it's situated in the
Kimberley the week before we arrived
there had been another five suicides in
the region it's taboo to talk about
death in the aboriginal culture to even
say the name of someone who's passed
away but we've been invited to speak
with people in the community of moyen
Jim there's been more suicides there
than anywhere else in the Kimberley
region
just about every single family has been
touched by a suicide
Michael Ogilvie is a suicide response
worker for the Derby and mole engine
area he's been working here for more
than 17 years her normal has suicide
become in this community very known I've
had eight year old kids point out that
this is their tree that they want to
hang themselves off actually mark out
their tree yeah identified trees that
they want to hang himself
and what's the rates of suicide in the
Kimberley region in the Kimberley region
that's probably up to thirty completed
suicides in the last twelve months and
that's a epidemic level
tree stumps mark the spot where people
have committed suicide serving as an
eerie reminder of the untimely deaths
families cut it down because they were
like they don't want to see it brings
back bad memories about that night
Emma and junggeun's best friend killed
himself here a few months ago he was
just 18 years old if there's someone
commit suicide it affects the whole
community because like we all one big
family it's not the first time Amon has
had to deal with the death of someone
close to him yeah well I'm when I was
only an adolescent our big sister
committed suicide I didn't know what for
I think she was just turning 18 still
big about her too
and the sound of suicide stirs him in
his sleep
I just like hear people shouting in the
night saying somebody help this person
want to commit suicide or hung hanged
himself lloyd doggett believes a lack of
opportunity is contributing to a
downward spiral there's nothing there
for them but alcohol and drugs just
nothing exciting or good for them to
enjoy
Michael Ogilvie takes us to a popular
spot where adults and children go to
drink alcohol
Kimberly's allowing the drink three
times as much alcohol than anyone else
in Australia you know a normal sitting
for the boys to have a drink is 90 cans
of beer it's copious amount of alcohol
and they'll drink that in and a day and
then go back the next day and drink the
same route they'll spend the whole wage
on alcohol and not even flinch
Terrence James often finds himself in a
drug-and-alcohol haze we go I have a
good time get drunk
smoke weed a few years ago when he was
high and depressed
Terrence tried to hang himself as I hear
that it happened yeah Heena with a
little rope he takes me to the site of
his suicide attempt to help me
understand how he was feeling that day
it was getting darker than him know
something was going on
I don't house wasted drunken crostini
and what my mind in my mind it's called
blank you know today know when I went
over here to UM one of them hey what's
up I was getting wine I don't know it's
like nobody don't didn't worry about me
no and I was you know in my myself
my father came along and just clip the
rope and take me back home and what
you're doing it for you what do you want
to create so forth
we're in the Northern Territory where
the youth suicide rate is three and a
half times the national average we're
heading to an indigenous camp to see how
culturally appropriate methods have been
used to heal and save their young David
Cole runs Bali nu which means creation
in the local language it's about giving
the kids a safe place and a culturally
appropriate place to just have some time
out get away from things clear their
mind share some tools of them give them
some seeds for understanding and
basically help them work through the
challenges they got and give them a safe
place to just let things go and how is
it culturally appropriate the biggest
aspect of the program is cultural
reconnection it's getting the kids to
build their self-esteem and pride
through identity and culture and that's
there that's a key component to the
program Bella knew runs six camps a year
each lasting for about a week at this
one nine high-risk youths are being put
to task making traditional weapons to
help reconnect them to their ancient
culture drawing on more than 40,000
years of history with traditional dance
and smoking ceremonies to cleanse all
but one of these adolescents have
thought of committing suicide and are
recovering from drug and alcohol
addictions we can't identify them
because they're underage ranging from 12
to 16 years old damaged by life too
early but hoping to heal
well there you know there's you know the
violence the broken families the loss of
identity the various forms of abuse
physical mental emotional homelessness
substance abuse drug and alcohol and
that can be drug and alcohol around the
kids and and and and ultimately the kids
being embroiled in that substance abuse
themselves
Australia's first indigenous
psychologist professor Pat Duggan says
substance abuse is a symptom of largest
social issues I think that indigenous
people are still dealing with all the
problems that are a consequence from
colonization
all of that pain has been left
unattended and and just manifested
through the generations and that pain
passed on to the children and so forth
has led to the children that we have
today
who are at the end of that pain chain
they don't understand the pain they
don't understand understand where it
comes from and and they don't understand
why they must endure such pain this 15
year old who I'll call Cameron is one
boy who wanted to end his life my mum
she kind of made me angry
you just don't feel like she loves me
that's awful
what do you do with that anger Oh smoke
drugs do bad things and then I just hang
up there on crabs because that's where
you find the drugs and stuff like that
with a little help from nature David
Cole is trying to show these adolescents
how to isolate their problems if there's
violence broken family if there's been
past abuse if there's been whatever it
is every challenge every problem that
bothers you or is on your mind
I want you to get a rock front and I
want use or to just make a pile along
the edge of the water the bigger the
problem the bigger the rock how does it
how do they feel is it hurting 30a and
that's what problems do if you refuse to
find ways of releasing it you will have
to carry this pain through your whole
life you have to learn you have to be
willing and learn how to let go how to
add on a set of pre let it go give it
young people need to be given messages
that their cultures important and being
shown cultural activities and feel that
they're part of the community and a
cultural community so we're adding on to
a small healing session a meditation and
just smoking to finish for for our last
night this is the healing circle an
indigenous version of a counselling
session we're just going to go through a
very basic reading meditation technique
in accordance with Aboriginal custom the
young boys aren't forced to speak at the
healing circle but they're encouraged to
yeah this one's thankful the office feel
making it fun time out here first time a
hug for a while
Cameron says the camp has made him feel
stronger I came when I came to like heal
and I'm then walk on feeling about
myself and respect others and myself to
learn more about my culture the
challenge lies in keeping these boys on
track after they leave the ballet new
camp it's really hard it's hard for us
because probably about 30% of the kids
are our extreme high risk area and
they're the kids who tend to be deeply
involved in substance abuse and the ones
who are looking at suicide as an option
to escape so with their lack of
resources and lack of appropriate
funding and support we we can't we can't
do adequate follow-up Marion scrimshaw
is an outgoing state minister in the
Northern Territory government she's
skeptical that money from a
controversial federal government package
is reaching indigenous communities under
the NT the Northern Territory emergency
response there was only 3 billion
dollars that's significant taxpayers
money that's gone into what people think
has gone into these communities a lot of
their money is spent on bureaucrats
consultants and other people fly-in
fly-out from these communities there is
very little money that goes into
programs and and for working with
families working with communities so
that they can build and start dealing
with the with the trauma she says she's
leaving politics because she doesn't
believe it's helping aboriginals enough
how can I sit in this job any longer
doing what I'm doing when we've got a 10
year olds you know young kids killing
themselves it's clear something is wrong
our communities have got to start taking
some
you know strong stains because there's
not going to be a generation left if
they don't do it
we're heading east of Darwin to the
picturesque and largely indigenous
Arnhem Land just a few years ago the
community of ski meets had one of the
highest rates of suicide per capita in
the world at its highest point a group
of elderly ladies decided to take
matters into their own hands
gaily Marika Yuna pingu is a ski beach
elder she says it was the hanging
suicide of a 21 year old that sparked a
cluster of other suicides in her
community he was the first one to commit
suicide the first one in his community
in this community gay Lee's younger
sister also committed suicide that was
when her family took action seven years
ago
creating a volunteer service called the
manga suicide prevention group what do
you do to prevent suicide in the
community I walk me and my sisters will
walk the streets and listen for the
noise where it's coming from the women
run a 24-hour suicide watch often
patrolling the streets with only small
tortures they mediate in family issues
and mentor troubled youths we follow up
the next day go to the house and sit
down have a cup of tea aBSI great with
the person and Serena not an angry woman
but like in cancelling local police say
the group's work has been invaluable I
believe that since they've begun
operating that I don't think there's
been a suicide in their area
while suicide numbers have dropped
there's been a sharp rise in attempted
suicides looking at the figures from say
2002 to 2008 where there was 40 odd -
now in just his 2-year period two and a
half years that there's a hundred and
thirteen that's a significant increase
Shayne Guerra Juarez neck still bears
the rope marks from his suicide attempt
two weeks ago gay Lee's group intervened
just in time to save the 23 year old
really too much verbal on women the
reason I've been doing this was because
my biggest problem is with alcohol once
I start drinking alcohol I start losing
control
I would think things like my family
doesn't love me and I want to go hang
myself
but only alerting you I want to change
my life a better life so that I can
spend time with my son go hunting and
fishing with him do good things
back in Moen Jim Terence tells me he
wants to cut down the tree where he
attempted suicide Lulu get old moon to
me that's a step of someone going
forward positive move that they want to
remove something a symbol that they
wanted to end their life in its own way
the community to is giving itself the
space to heal the trees were families
black people commit suicide you chop
them down but put on actually killed cuz
the time it takes to grow back gives us
the time to get over forget about it
while suicide remains a scourge in
Aboriginal communities across Australia
it appears that family and culture is
indigenous Australia's best hope for
saving their young Australia's lost
generation so that was back in 2012
which leads us to ask how successful
have those schemes been in reducing the
suicide rate
well we're joined now by psychologist
professor Pat Duggan who you'll
recognize from the film a former
commissioner of the Australian National
Mental Health Commission she teaches at
the University of Western Australia and
actually runs a number of suicide
prevention projects focusing on
Aboriginal communities it's great to
have you with us here on rewind
professor dudgeon
you really believed then that that local
approach works
oh absolutely look I'm Aboriginal and
Torres Strait Islander people have been
disempowered there's a whole lot of
issues facing them and not just us in
Australia this also would remain issues
for other indigenous people of settler
countries such as in New Zealand Canada
and the states where a recovery from
colonization is a really important issue
and what we do underneath that to enable
people to become empowered to control
their own destinies to control their own
resources to decide what the problem is
and we given the right information to
decide what the solution is back in 2012
when the film was made the word epidemic
was used to describe that situation in
Western Australia now I'm not suggesting
for a moment that this would be fixed
overnight but we are now six years down
the track the levels are still high
there are some reports which talk about
a hundred times the national average in
Western Australia I mean would you have
expected or certainly hoped for it to
have come down more look I think that
sometimes those figures have been a tad
sensationalized suicide rates however
having said that suicide rates do remain
very high we're still twice the national
average suicide is the fifth leading
cause of death and some age groups in
digitus people are seven times more
likely to take their lives other people
and Northern Territory actually is
emerging as a having the greatest state
average of suicide when you have our
having high suicide rates something is
going terribly wrong you mentioned some
other countries a little bit earlier
places like New Zealand and Canada what
is the common factor with these
indigenous communities around the world
including the aboriginals Australia that
leads to the high suicide rates look
there's a commonality of a range of
different things but I'd say that
certainly I think there's an affinity
with those other countries because there
were indigenous people in those
countries the countries were taken over
and sometimes very or most times very
brutally so we've had processes of
colonization you know being removed
genocides being removed off country put
into our reserves missions residential
schools and then having your life
dictated to with enforced legislation so
there's a history to all the countries
that are about people losing their their
rights losing their countries and losing
their human rights which needs to be we
need to go into recovery about certainly
in Australia the there was a denial of
that part of that process of history
that's now starting to change your
change around certainly our proud then
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd's apology to
the Stolen Generations was one of those
really historical moments where there
was an acknowledgment of the harm done
and a genuine apology given for that
harm so I think that we as a nation can
start healing when ownership and and and
there's a truth and honesty between
different groups professor Pat judge and
former commissioner for the Australian
National Mental Health Commission it's
been a pleasure talking to you thank you
for joining us my pleasure Kemal and
that is it from us to join us again next
week and also be sure to check out the
rewind page at
aljazeera.com for more films from the
series I'm Kemal Santamaria from the
whole team thanks for joining us see you
again soon
you
