hi I'm Malika Bilal
I'm Mohammad Javad Dean and you're in
the stream now live on YouTube today can
Native Americans change US politics as
an unprecedented number of indigenous
politicians run for office we ask why
November's midterm elections could be a
pivotal moment in the United States not
only could the balance of power in
Congress shift but the representation of
Native Americans and politics could grow
significantly there are more than 100
indigenous politicians running for state
or a national office so what do they
hope to achieve here to discuss this
from Albuquerque New Mexico Deb Holland
a member of the Pueblo of Laguna tribe
and the Democratic nominee for US
Congress in Oklahoma
Joseph Blanchard he's a member of the
absentee Shawnee native tribe and a
Republican candidate for the Oklahoma
State House in Kansas Cherise David's
she's a Democratic candidate for US
Congress
she's also a member of the Ho Chunk
nation and in Minnesota State
Representative Peggy Flanagan she's part
of the White Earth Nation of Ojibwe
tribe and is a Democratic candidate for
lieutenant governor welcome everyone
welcome to the stream so good to have
you all here I want to get started on my
laptop with this piece of video released
about two months ago it's called the
climb have a look I don't look like most
people in Congress my life is different
too I push through college and law
school as a single mom and I'm 30 years
sober
but struggle made me fierce my work is
to fight for all of us clean energy jobs
Medicare for all no more corporate money
in politics Trump won't hand us a thing
if we ask politely I'm Deb Holland and I
approve this message because the old way
isn't working we must be fierce are you
ready we must be fierce Deb you
mentioned they're in a pretty powerful
piece of video it is a campaign ad of
course but you mentioned I don't look
like most people in Congress talk to us
today about what it took for you to make
it to where you are today
sure thank you for having me I'm honored
to be here with such a wonderful company
you know I've been involved in politics
for a long time here in Albuquerque
across New Mexico actually are many many
because I was the state Native American
vote director for President Obama's
re-election campaign in 2012 and and I
ran for lieutenant governor in 2014 I
was the state chairwoman of the party in
2015 and and godess actually did really
well oh thanks teen elections so I've
just been on the ground for a long long
time I'm a community organizer and just
felt that it was time for me to take
that next step and and so I Here I am
running for Congress after 15 your work
at both to the polls I could see our
other guests too smiling there as they
saw that campaign ad play Peggy what
were you thinking and why is it
important that your voice is heard as
well sure
well again thank you for having us and I
am thrilled beyond belief to be on this
on this panel and as I was watching
Deb's ad I was getting a little misty
because it matters that we are seen and
we are heard and I think that's one of
the reasons why so many Native folks are
stepping up to run this year you know
when when folks don't see native people
it's easy to
past policies without working in
partnership with with the Native
community and and I think our time has
has really come for us to be at the
forefront of policymaking and frankly
when Indian country does well I think
the the rest of our our state does well
and our country as well you know
Charisse I'm curious there's a lot of
people online trying to you know explain
why this is happening why so many people
are politically engaged within your
community for example oh boy are saying
our people traditionally have been
exhibiting strong leadership although
that history isn't always told and we
are resilient we've withstood adversity
we've persevered through poverty and
hate finding ways or have I would
imagine found ways to thrive why do you
think this is happening why are you so
excited you know I'm really excited
because what we're seeing right now I
think is the culmination of a lot of
hard work that's been going on for a
really long time it's like it's like
that person said you know we've been
finding ways to thrive for a really long
time and I think particularly one of the
things that we're seeing has a lot of
negative women stepping into leadership
roles and being acknowledged as leader
as the leaders in the community that
Native women have been for a long time
I'm really excited because what I see
right now is a lot of hope a lot of
folks who are finding things that they
want to vote for not just things that
they want to vote against and I think
that this is the beginning or the
continuation of a lot of hard work
that's been going on for a while I
pulled up on my laptop here a headline
that really corresponds to that tweet
that you read out achmad this is no
Indian country today native vote 18 is
the hashtag that you see online native
18 an eighth about 18 100 plus and
growing native candidates seeking early
votes Joseph when you read this headline
what thoughts go through your mind and
you see the tweets that have been
streaming under this headline as well
like the one I've been read out what do
you think you know it's important to
first let me acknowledge the fact that
being a guest on this panel I'm honored
to be here today representing my people
in the state of Oklahoma but you know to
answer your question
native people trying to participate in
in this process you know for a long time
our voices have been unhurt and I would
bet that's why candidates like myself
and these other ladies are all joining
forces with other people within their
own communities and around their state
to finally let native voices be heard
and I think that's essential you know a
lot of the work I used to do
specifically for my tribe primarily was
as a point of contact for our people and
you know doing all of that you you are
able to help develop a policy and
procedure and you know whenever you your
native voice is finally heard and
implemented in into those arenas it
makes a big difference you know I also
want to ask whether maybe what's
happening with the Trump presidency here
in America I mean to do with it and a
nostalgia to Obama and the work that he
had done to kind of you know mend
relationships with certain I guess you
could say certain tribes but also on a
kind of collective level we have a tweet
from HG Flores that says the Obama
presidency provided hope that their
voices could be heard the election of
Donald Trump showed how quickly things
could change reminding Native Americans
that they must rely on themselves if
they want continual representation
within US politics Deb when you hear
that I mean is this is this a reality
that is that is at play or is it
something else no I think we always need
to step up whenever we can you know it's
not always easy sometimes when you're a
Native American running for any office
because often I live in Albuquerque but
there are a lot of native folks who live
in very rural communities it's difficult
to get around even without public
transportation and things like that so I
recognize talent is in our communities
which is why I have chosen for so long
to work very hard to make sure that
native voices are heard that we are
registering Native Americans and getting
them out to vote driving them to the
polls doing whatever we can to expand
early voting into those communities
so that's something I fought for for a
long time something a lot of folks here
in New Mexico have fought for for a long
time and and so we'll just keep working
hard be yes if we need to be heard so I
can see that four of us here today are
we're making sure that we can be heard
that our people's voices are heard in
mainstream America so sure it all starts
at the at the polling booth though I
think she means I could see you nodding
your head there I want to play for our
audience a little clip of what you have
to offer this is Cherise David's
fighting for progress have a look this
is a tough place to be a woman I've been
put down pushed aside knocked out truth
is I've had to fight my whole life
because of who I am who I love and where
I started but I didn't let anything get
in my way
still it's 2018 and women Native
Americans gay people the unemployed and
underemployed have to fight like hell
just to survive and it's clear Trump and
the Republicans in Washington don't give
a damn about anyone like me or anyone
that doesn't think like them enough
that's why I'm running for Congress and
one thing's for sure I won't back down
because progress is undefeated
we just need to fight for it are you
ready so Cherise you are running for US
Congress in Kansas what is it that you
will be fighting for specifically so
there are a couple of things that I
think a lot of us and many of the people
on the panel are fighting for one is to
have we the leadership of this country
be more reflective and representative of
who we are as Americans who we are as as
people and you know being Native
American and being a woman and being
first-generation college student there
are so many different groups and people
who have diverse range of experiences
and our voices are not represented or
reflected in our country's leadership
and I think that that certainly is
something worth fighting for because
that's why it's living in a you know in
this democracy means is that we should
have a representation and be at the
table so that's one thing and then you
know I would say broadly I I want us to
be a country that is striving for these
ideals that we are constantly trying to
adopt and and live up to like equality
and equity and I think those are the
kinds of things that we as a country
should be striving for and and in my
opinion the best way for me and my role
in all of this is to be a voice in
Congress to help make sure that our
policies in our legislation reflect that
ensure ease to your point you know we
have a lot of people online also
commenting on the lack of representation
and diversity in elected office here in
America Jennifer May saying personally
it seems ridiculous to have a house of
that doesn't adequately represent the US
Native Americans were here before us and
suffered brutally at the hands of our
government you know Peggy when you when
you see that and you hear what Sheree
said and you know I know you were the
previous executive director of the
Children's Defense Fund in Minnesota and
you know you look at what people are
commenting about like Oh Paul again here
saying I think Native candidates having
experienced depression want to stand up
and fight for other vulnerable
communities because we do not exist in
silos what happens to one happens to all
of us
and you see what's happening in America
today with immigration with the children
that are being separated from families
and just in your experience is it about
this crossover is this about
intersectional resistance and what are
you specifically hoping to accomplish
absolutely and I think yesterday I was
at a rally with our immigrant community
talking about the fact that we need to
ensure that we are keeping our families
together what we have experienced as
Indian people right as native folks are
our children being stolen from us at the
hands of the United States government's
and put into boarding schools
that's one generation Ruth from my
family so it is absolutely critical that
I stand shoulder to shoulder and in
solidarity with the immigrant and
refugee community because this hits so
close to home for all of us I know that
many of us have experienced just the the
trauma of of this separation and so when
we work together when I am able to stand
with my brothers and sisters and in the
immigrant community we know that we we
all do better there has been a very
deliberate movement by the Trump
administration and and frankly by the
Republicans here in in Minnesota to
divide us along the lines of race and
class and geography and I think we're
not falling for it native folks live in
the urban community we live in the rural
community and I think our experiences
can truly be those experiences that can
bring us together and of course because
Native Americans live in several
different communities that it also
includes different political parties as
well Joseph as we can see
not all native candidates are Democratic
candidates some are Republican you are
running as a Republican candidate for
the Oklahoma House I'm wondering what
you think of the tweets we just heard
Madrid about intersectional resistance
what is it for you and does that sum up
why you're running or or what is that
impetus for you
well actually what really created the
drought the moving force behind me to
consider running for office was earlier
this year in April we had the two-week
work stoppage for the teachers and
education here in Oklahoma and it dawned
on me earlier this year working in with
my students in the coaching and doing
the things that I do in our discussions
that there was no visibly native person
within our house and for me and the
people that I work with here in Seminole
County just east of here where I live
that to me that's important that's the
home of the Seminole nation of Oklahoma
and you know with a student population
of approximately fifty sixty percent
Native student population that you know
to me that is important that there was a
tangible for our students to be able to
relate to and you know in big scheme of
things I think that's why all these
individuals are running and you know
they touched on it the things that our
people have had to endure throughout our
history you know those things are
important it's an experience that most
people that you know we're not born with
a silver spoon in our mouth and we've
had to strive and work so hard and be
diligent and persevere through all the
things that we've done and so you know
understanding those struggles gives us a
whole different perspective to leading
compared to our counterparts and Joseph
just hearing you talk about that history
and the legacy and and how important it
is I mean maybe it's an understatement
that you weren't born with a silver
spoon in your mouth but a lot of people
are pointing to that history but also
bringing it to the present day you know
the Keystone pipeline and all the
controversy and concern amongst your
community we asked our community if the
Keystone pipeline might have been a
factor HG Flores saying undoubtedly it
was a blunt or am I
of exactly what you're talking about
their history with the US government
u.s. business over people and I just
wanted to get your sense
deb-deb about this video that you may
have seen aj+ did my colleagues over
there did a did a little video of
basically a member of an Arizona tribe
filming a u.s. Border Patrol vehicle
heading towards him and running him over
you know obviously his tribe opposes
Trump's policies on the on the border
and and so I'm curious when you see
these kind of videos you hear what you
know Joseph said what comes to mind what
is the solution and how might you
actually worked it to to find that that
is you know those videos the ones of the
kids being ripped from their mother's
arms those are all just incredibly
disturbing and makes you stop for a
second to wonder what happened to our
country because that isn't the America
that so many of us were raised in or
that our parents were raised in as we
mentioned earlier as Native Americans
have had a horrible oppressive history
which is why we can relate to so many
groups people in this country and so yes
those are things that the people should
be outraged about we should we should
stand up for that that got run over we
should question ice we should defund
them until they have you know of
policies that are said that don't
oppress people that that are that are
actually humane and we can't we can't
ignore things like that and it's up to
us to to raise the red flags and and
make sure that those are part of the
conversation we there's too much this is
putting on all of the the really silly
things that you know come in to
mainstream media like you know poor are
some things that we should be talking
about right you know these kids and
right and and and you know what any and
many people are talking about it and
they're also talking about you know what
Ellis's at play here in the community
you know the kind of remote and
marginalized nature of reservations
lakota man saying what we natives want
is for our government simply honor the
treaties also help bring more job
opportunities to the reservation we are
looking for a hand up not a handout
maintain an honor tribal sovereignty
address the myriad of social issues
natives face on and off the reservation
a Peggy you know when you see a tweet
like that you see people talking about
how disconnected these reservations are
Adam on Twitter saying we need to
reconnect the reservations with the rest
of society at the moment most part
natives are compartmentalized and out of
sight is that like too big a challenge
to actually overcome it's been out of
sight and out of mind for so long you
know living here in America just
anecdotally well if I thought so I
wouldn't be running for office and I
think the rest of us wouldn't be either
listen I I think the the tweet that we
saw before to just saying we're simply
asking the government to honor the
treaties and to respect tribal
sovereignty
you know I serve in the the Minnesota
House there are four Native women who
serve in the house we have our native
caucus and so often you know we've been
used to policy being done to us and not
with us and I think our caucus has
worked to change that and part of the
reason why I'm running for lieutenant
governor is to ensure that the native
people the native women you know I find
that because because we are not always
visible at best Native women are
invisible and at worst we are disposable
when it comes to issues of violence
against Native women missing and
murdered indigenous women so when I
think about running for the seat or I
look at you know my sisters and my
brother on this panel that's why it
matters so that Native folks my I've had
five year old daughter Siobhan so she
can see these other leaders who are
stepping up but that also folks simply
say like oh yeah absolutely treaties are
the supreme law of the land treaty
rights are not these special rights that
we've been given we
always had them and we believe in a
government-to-government relationship
and meaningful and deep consultation and
that should simply be you know the place
that we start from and I think that we
will see the the changes come to Indian
country once our leaders respect us and
also reflect who we are and the policies
that we're trying to move and I can
finish Charice I could see you nodding
there go ahead yeah I actually I would
love to just follow up on that point for
a second and you know when you think
about the idea that not just native
voices but many voices in this country
have been either invisible or haven't
been heard I think a lot of a lot of the
reason that you see so many people
running for office now I myself myself
in particular you know I think that one
of the one of the places where our
government has failed us as people not
just native people but a lot of groups
of people is that we have people in
decision-making positions who are not
listening so not only have these voices
of Native people of women of black folks
who have been fighting for liberation
for a long time those voices have always
been there and they've always been
fighting and what we need to do is fill
decision-making positions and leadership
positions with people who are willing to
listen and people who are willing to
take action to make sure that voices are
being elevated and voices are being
listened to because those voices have
always been there and and it's so
important that you say those voices have
always been there we have a tweet from
Chuck Hoskin saying on Twitter it's both
a natural progression of our politics
after decades of work by other native
activists and a response to concerns
about alarming policies and budget
priorities coming out of DC again you
know a kind of hat tip to all the people
who have endured and thrived to use a
word that's been used and and you know I
think it's worth kind of sharing this
video that also came in where Mark Trant
really sums up what is actually
happening here and what this moment
means take it take a look at this first
there's been a buildup of capacity more
more Native Americans every year have
seen others take that route and have
been successful and so they're following
up and adding more to the equation the
second reason is the success of
legislation particularly at the state
level you're seeing states where like
Montana has Indian education for all and
people see that being a strong policy
that works for everybody and so that's a
reason for people to run for the
legislature a third reason is probably
unique to this time and that's
particularly women running because of
opposition to President Trump's policies
as one candidate told me they really
expected to have the first woman
president and instead they're having
policies that they feel are hostile to
women and you you know that's something
that keeps coming up and up you know
across different communities quite
frankly muslim-americans different
communities here that women it's not
surprising that we have three women here
on this panel perhaps the majority the
year of the woman
perhaps and of course the Joseph blan
chart so I will let all of our audience
know for those who are in the States
when they can vote June 26th Republican
primary for Joseph we've got August 14th
primary for Peggy Charisse in the August
7th primary and Deb hallen at the
November ballot because he won your
primary so such a pleasure to have you
all here I want to end with this tweet
from Chuck echoing something he tweeted
a little earlier and this is a follow-up
he says Native Americans should get
registered stay on top of relevant
issues vote and get involved in
campaigns where possible push for
funding and federal trust
responsibilities include health care
education housing protection of sacred
sites just to name a few so is some
directions there from Chuck I want to
thank all of our guests because we have
to pause the conversation there thank
you for being part of today's show and
of course thank you to our community as
well we'll continue to follow this story
at hashtag AJ stream I'll see you online
