it's the biggest battle of the
three-year war saw de Mirage real planes
pound areas south of Yemen's main port
for bather
as troops close in Houthi rebels remain
defiant the UN is urging restraint
fearing a humanitarian catastrophe but
is there any hope of a diplomatic
solution this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Elizabeth puranam the push to seize the
portal for data is well and truly
underway the Southie Emirati coalition
is intensifying its offensive and
pro-government Yemeni troops are edging
closer to the city a stronghold of
Houthi rebels there have been casualties
on both sides and heavy fighting in
Haneda itself the population is bracing
for the worst
Laura burden manly has more Yemen's port
city of her data was bustling with
people buying food on Thursday but this
is also a city bracing for a heavy
bombardment people here are barely
living unemployment in her data there
are no jobs the person here works to
earn his daily living there will be a
big crisis if the fight had moved into
the city with poverty and hunger and the
war the residents will be victims people
are dying from hunger the country will
be destroyed
the Coalition has captured a town south
of perdida as fierce fighting and
airstrikes pound the area the UN
Security Council has helped two
closed-door meetings this week both
concluding that the only solution to the
crisis is a political and not military
one the UAE ambassador says there are
ships on standby to supply her data once
the military operation ends even our
ships are just in the Red Sea waiting so
we have air airfreight we have very well
very well organized and we are ready to
to send over every assistance for
four-headed the council will meet for
further discussions on Monday but many
analysts agree that a battle for her
data will not draw Yemen's three-year
war closer to an end supposing that
there will be a successful sort of
military takeover of our data many
questions remain
what will happen to other parts of the
country you know what will happen to who
will run her data what will happen to
you know the deep divides among among
Yemenis I think that you know the it's
important to recognize the Houthis as a
political actor as they were back in
2013-14 as the saudi-led coalition
foresees a military victory over the
strategic port the formally exiled
president Abed Rabbo Mansour Hadi
has arrived in the southern city of Aden
for the first time since February 2017
to oversee the operations but the UN
warned the attack on her data could kill
up to a quarter of a million people and
shut down the main route for food and
humanitarian aid to the rest of the
country this would have a devastating
impact on survival of a population
already teetering on the brink of famine
Laura Burton Manley al Jazeera well
hurray relies on Yemen's Red Sea coast
70 percent of the country's food
supplies enter through the port which
has been under the control of Houthi
rebels since 2015 the Coalition believes
its assault on the port is necessary if
it's to have an opportunity of retaking
the capital summer the risk is it will
exacerbate what the UN already considers
the world's worst humanitarian crisis
lease grande is the United Nations
humanitarian coordinator for Yemen and
she's joining us on skype from the
capital sana thank you very much for
your time miss grande how concerning is
this offensive given who they there's
importance to the country ninety percent
of all of the basic commodities that
people in northern Yemen depend upon
come through the single port of who data
if there's any cut up that port even for
a limited period of time the impact will
be immediate and it will be very
seriously this is one of the reasons
that we are so concerned about the
military assault on a port in the city
we're so deeply concerned because the
six hundred thousand innocent civilians
inside of who data right now last year
in the world's largest cholera outbreak
one of the epicenters was who data and
many of the people who are suffering the
most in the country are in that city
this is another reason that we are so
concerned about the humanitarian impact
of the assault ms grande the southies
are saying that they're planning on
retaking the airport the seaport and the
route from her they there to the capital
sana but that they have no plans to
engage in urban warfare but are you as
certain that this fighting is not going
to reach the city of six hundred
thousand people it fighting were to be
in the center of the city I think we
would have to face the fact that the
impact would be very serious it could in
fact be catastrophic
who data is very densely populated and
if there is a ground conflict then we
know that civilians who had very grave
risk we would probably have to assume
that there could be a large number of
casualties the most important point for
all of the parties to the conflict you
know in under international humanitarian
law parties to the conflict are obliged
to do absolutely everything possible to
ensure that civilians survive they are
the
it's responsible for ensuring that
people live but unfortunately none of
the parties in this conflict seem to be
doing that we have the Emiratis who are
saying that they're carrying out this
operation because the Arab coalition
could actually better manage the port
and the flow of aid what do you make of
that you know how have the Houthis done
at managing the port and have there been
any issues with the flow of aid during
their control the port of who dated a
little off line for gaming any cut off
of that port as we said earlier is going
to have dramatic impact for the past
several years as the war has waged the
United Nations and all of the
humanitarian partners have called on all
of the parties to the conflict that port
open nothing is more important than that
right now 70% of all of the humanitarian
assistance that the United Nations and
frontline partners are bringing into the
country comes through who did that's why
we're saying it's got to stay open
would you rather the Houthi stayed in
control of the port of it meant that
there was no fighting from a
humanitarian point of view what matters
is that the port is open it doesn't
matter who manages the port it matters
that the port is open and that
humanitarians are able to bring in the
assistance humanitarians are neutral in
the context of a war what matters is
that parties to the conflict do
everything that they are obliged to do
to protect civilians and assure that
billions have the assistance that they
need that's what counts and miss granda
you've spoken about the impact that any
damage to the port could have on
civilians in Yemen tell us more about
this impact you know what does it really
mean what does it look like
three-quarters of all of the people who
live in Yemen are dependent on some form
of humanitarian assistance and
protection in order to survive there is
no other country in the world right now
where a larger percentage of the
population is dependent on aid out of
the 22 million Yemenis who need help 18
million are food insecure they rely on
food that comes in through ports like
data and also to parts
like Aiden this is why we are so
concerned about the military assault
onto data if something happens to that
court if we're not able to bring in food
either humanitarian supplies or
commercial imports we know that
literally millions of people in gaming
will be in a very desperate situation
and this is why the UN met about this I
think they had a meeting for about two
hours but did they actually take any
action to ensure the safety of civilians
and who they they and to ensure that aid
and food supplies keep flowing so the
United Nations Security Council
yesterday at a closed-door session to
discuss exactly this issue the Security
Council called on all of the parties to
the conflict to do everything possible
to ensure that they protect civilians
and they make sure that civilians have a
process the food and the medicines the
water all the things they need in order
to survive you know humanitarian law is
a collective responsibility all the
member states of the United Nations all
the country in the world are responsible
for upholding it so when the Security
Council calls on the parties of the
conflict to do what they are obliged to
do what they are underlining is the
collective responsibility to ensure that
innocent civilians survive but again
given that the warring parties are not
listening to these calls and have not so
far for the better part of the
three-year war is that enough you know a
number of steps have been taken during
the war to protect civilians we have for
example a deconfliction mechanism in
place it includes a nose threat list of
more than 20,000 location sir hospital
and schools and very important public
infrastructure that civilians depend on
in order to survive all the parties have
agreed not to strike these particular
locations we also have agreements in
place with all of the parties to the
conflict when we deliver food for
example we say to all of the parties
we're delivering this food don't strike
these areas these mechanisms have been
in place for the last several years they
are largely successful we have also
asked the parties to the conflict in the
case of who data to do the same thing to
honor these deconfliction requests
this is an important mechanism and it's
one of the ways that humanitarian
partners are working with the parties to
the conflict in the midst of the
fighting to ensure that civilians all
right miss grande thank you very much
for your time on those that is the UN's
humanitarian coordinator for Yemen Lisa
grande joining us live from Sanaa thank
you well we're now joined from
Gothenburg also via Skype after NASA
freelance journalist and yemeni blogger
and from sunup row Houthi journalist
Hussein al Abu KP a very warm welcome to
both of you mr. boo Katie let me start
with you the Houthis have withstood
three years of this of attacks from the
saudi-led coalition but can they
withstand this offensive I believe they
will do all it takes to protect OData
Airport and it doesn't mean that if they
have been defeated or withdrawn from
other area like an agent that they will
give up this second largest city in
Yemen so easy and I mean what I see is
really really strange that all the blame
is actually put on the whole thing as I
heard the I believe the humanitarian
coordinator from Sanaa
she said what matters now is that the
port stays opens this means that the
port actually does is kind of open and
bring some humanitarian aid to Yemen as
some enger' says 80% of the aid come
through the port so the holy existent or
present in her data port does not
obstruct any of the flow of the
humanitarian aid into Yemen and the side
that should be actually asked and called
to stop it's often offensive yeah is the
saudi-led coalition who has actually now
is trying to invade the port miss Nasser
the Emiratis are saying that the
operation is a critical step towards
achieving a political solution to the
conflict but does it bring this conflict
any closer to a political solution do
you think does it change you know the
calculus of the overall war not at all
I think the battle for data
just another attempt by the saudi-led
coalition to bring the hoodies into the
negotiation table but not really to find
a political solution there they're
trying to put the whole nation on its
knees actually not only the the Houthis
because for anyone to have control over
a humanitarian aid channel is going to
have you know the ultimate power to
who's feeding the people and the
saudi-led Coalition has a long history
in the course of Yemen war where are
many reports really showing in evidence
how they are using food as a weapon of
war so no I mean even if the Houthis are
the ones remaining the the poor open
today we're still undergoing the world's
largest humanitarian catastrophe so
absolutely they're not doing their job
right and if the the saudi-led coalition
going to have the upper hand on the port
as well we're going to see another phase
or layer of the human terian the world's
largest humanitarian catastrophe in
Yemen
mr. buck I see if the Houthis do lose
control of this port and they might
because this is the largest offensive
yet in this three-year war
what will it that mean for their
position in the war how much will it
weaken them I mean I didn't think that
it will weaken the hold it could just
damage the Holte just reputation that
they couldn't maybe defend the port but
the Holte I mean are are really strong
in her data at this point and any in any
other area and the saudi-led coalition
has been waging a war on Yemen and
solidarity for three years and I believe
three months and they haven't actually
succeeded in the goals that they have
put at the beginning as they say to
destroy the holy military capacity and
to destroy Yemeni ballistic me
while that in the hand of the haughty
before the war there was no attacks on
the Saudi but now the ho t are launching
more missiles on the Saudi and we see
that them any government actually
doesn't dare to go to a dinner or as
this as they call it eight the
legitimacy so we didn't know what was
the point behind this war but what was
really good that we we hear all NGOs and
UN Security Security Council and the UN
they all agree on the importance of this
lifeline yeah but on the other hand they
kind of agree that the problem is from
the Holte and I will just mentioned that
Sweden in the UN Security Council has
called on all parties to hold all
operation they said so to give time to
the host to to withdraw from from there
this Dysport and the problem is not the
ho t the the port was destroyed by the
saudi-led coalition they have targeted
the main cranes in the port and that's
why the port cannot only receive small
ships into Yemen but I can just I'm sure
that the hosi are really well dug in in
her data and they will fight for her
data till the death and the one who
should bear the responsibility is the
one who started this war against Yemen
and as all this latest offensive against
her data miss Nasser let me bring you in
you know it is because of the sort of
vital importance of this port that we
are now seeing the u.s. reject a request
from the Emirati government this week to
provide intelligence reconnaissance
aircraft naval minesweepers because of
congressional opposition to that
offensive do you think that significant
given how much the US has supported the
saudi-led coalition so far I think there
is conflicting stance from the American
side so you have the Congress level
there is a rejection or refusal to
support the saudi-led coalition
offensive against Hoda guida but at the
same time you have Trump and his
administration kind of giving a full
support to the Saudi the Saudis and the
Emiratis so you have a sort of like
conflicting stance
in my opinion that's very helpful at
least there is an aspect of human tarian
concerns
towards what's happening in Yemen but
now the question I think is what's going
to happen next if the the saudi-led
coalition going to have to win at the
the port at any you know cost yeah
whether there is a human cost or not in
my opinion the alarming consequences
will be if if the battle of data will
open other fronts for other battles and
in mind comes a battle for sana I think
the timing for the booty for today the
battle comes with Tariq Salah leading
this military vision from Arab with the
help of the Saudis and the Emiratis so
it's very alarming what is going to
happen next what which battle is going
to be next because absolutely this is
just to push the Houthis to the north of
Yemen and not really to find a political
solution well I do want to talk more
about this battle that we're seeing now
and also more about the international
actors involved because even if it is
you know somewhat hopeful that the u.s.
rejected the Emiratis requests for extra
supplies at this time the French
actually came in and agreed according to
the Emiratis to provide them with
minesweepers to clear explosives that
you know the Houthis had placed in the
harbour mr böck Athey you know various
countries are saying that they don't
want this offensive that they don't want
the Saudis and Emiratis to fight for
control of the port but if there at the
same time also arming this coalition and
you know you have the United States
Britain and France all doing so does the
UN you know is the UN working so hard on
a political solution achieve anything
when these powers continue to arm the
fighters on the ground I didn't think
the United Nation has been working
really well to to reach a solution and
me personally I believe that the United
Nation has been biased in this conflict
because one of the first thing that they
haven't mentioned the saudi-led
coalition a name in any of the statement
as a part of this world they always say
is a civil war and they try to bring
Yemeni parties together if they
mentioned the Saudi as one part and
Houthi as one part and as well had the
government as one part to bring them all
to the table then we can help saudi-led
coalition responsible for any break of
any ceasefire or any agreement in the
future and it will just mention about
the united arab emirate ask asked the
United States for support in this
operation I think this just lies because
they do it in the media to cover up the
real involve involvement of the United
States and like to say that the United
States is not involved the war was
declared on 26th of March 2015 from the
United States by the Saudi ambassador
and this the first war I think that has
been declared from another another
country and I believe that an solidarity
and many a many don't trust the United
Nation or to give up a day deport to be
under the control of day of the United
Nation just for for I will give you just
some example I mean we've seen that the
United Nation in Benicia in in Bosnian
Sabra and Shatila Lebanon what they have
done they have taken the weapons from
the people there who were fighting
against the aggression but at the end
that the Serbian has killed 8,000
sobriety Attila the United Nation all
right so I understand you have six that
the Houthis do not do the United Nations
I understand but what about Iran and its
role is it doing everything it can to
encourage a political solution to this
conflict I don't know why they always
try to bring Iran in the conflict they
blame Iran for sending weapons into
Yemen we have this blockade it's hard to
bring the medicine into Yemen how can I
run
bring those long-range missile as they
say in into Yemen and this just an
excuse to fight Iran the same they have
done it in in other country and on the
top of that we see that the United Arab
Emirates claim that you Iran is
occupying three island in the Persian
Gulf
why they have actually fought Iran
they're just this is just
they say it's just an excuse to say that
Iran is involved I mean right about the
weapons that they say the United States
is bringing all this rubble to the Saudi
why they kind of tried to tell someone
else is it true why you bring in the
weapons to the other side they should
all stop or I mean just we will see
what's gonna happen in the battlefield
all right mr. vacati
miss Nasser president of the rubble
Mansour Hadi is back from exile why is
he back in the country he's been away
for over a year now why now I think your
question is a telling question only in
Yemen when a president is coming back to
his country it becomes like a breaking
news and that's unfortunately you know a
manifestation of the failure of AB Drobo
Mansour Hadi administration in Yemen
technically there is no administration
and the cabinet is running the country
by remote control from Riyadh though or
Egypt or other Arab countries so it's
very very frustrating that you see a
president not existing in his country
but fortunately people and also very
happy that he's finally back and I think
this all moves are calculated his coming
back yesterday it's the first day of aid
also in in Yemen and many other Arab
Muslim countries so he wants to have a
certain you know message to the people
that his there especially you know in
parallel to the halida
battle and also not not to forget that
yesterday there was a speech leaked by
all published for Ali Abdullah Saleh
days or one day before he was killed and
I think that is also another calculated
steps from from you know trying to
influence the yemeni riyals nasa we have
we don't have very long left in the
program and I would like to ask mr.
bouquet the-- one last question you have
30 seconds what is it going to take to
ensure that this offensive is not going
to cost this country even more suffering
if the United Nation and the UN Security
Council will not have pressure on that
side that has caused this disaster in
Yemen which is Saudi Arabia led
coalition then of course if the war has
been brought into her data we will see
the last lifeline will be cut and
millions of Yemeni will be affected the
humanitarian aid and humanitarian
lifeline should not be used as a weapons
to ask one side withdraw from an area if
you accept this time to withdraw from
her data they will say withdraw withdraw
from other area and one final thing just
mentioned the Saudi as a part of this
war and bring him to talk directly with
the wholly under the UN a solution soon
thank you very much that is Hussein Alba
Casey in Sanaa and after NASA joining us
from Gothenburg thank you both very much
for your time
and thank you too for watching you can
see the program again any time by
visiting our website al-jazeera calm and
for further discussion do go to our
Facebook page
that's Facebook calm /aj inside story
you can also join the conversation on
Twitter a handless at aj inside story
from the Elizabeth puranam and the whole
team here bye for now
you
you
