the World Cup is the best football party
the planet has to offer but in Russia
not everyone is celebrating this is
British gay rights campaigner Peter
Tatchell detained in Moscow while
protesting against Russia's treatment of
LGBT people and he's far from the only
person who's decided the World Cup has a
use but it's not for fun
Ukrainian filmmaker Ally extensive is
starving himself in a Siberian prison
times to cause Russian authorities
maximum World Cup discomfort they jailed
him for 20 years on terror charges
though he says it was for opposing
Russia's annexation of Crimea sense of
is supported by international
organizations like Human Rights Watch
and Russians - oscar-nominated Russian
director Andres vegan Civ is one of them
the man acted as a true patriot for his
country to turn him by force into a
citizen of the Russian Federation and to
judge him by Russian law as a terrorist
simply by being someone who set some
doors on fire is an absolutely
disproportionate response it's
outrageous
recent presidential candidate and TV
personality Ksenia Sobchak says she's
given Vladimir Putin a list of political
prisoners to be released including sense
of I hope that he will be released
because it's unfair and I support the
movement for freedom for election so
perhaps it's because of World Cup
attention perhaps it's for other reasons
but in the past week President Putin of
Russia and President poroshenko of
Ukraine talked about a prisoner swap
Ukraine wants 64 people returned sense
of among them whereas Russia wants to
have back captured soldiers and
journalists like Kiril Russian ski the
local editor of a Russian news agency in
Ukraine Amnesty International is
campaigning on the World Cup - it wants
to draw attention to human rights
workers in Russia's eleven host cities
we would like that people know that
there is not
only regime' Putin Alexei Navalny that
work and live in Russia but a myriad of
people that that the daily basis are
fighting for justice and dignity in the
country hosting the World Cup means
Russia is in the international spotlight
for the next month rights campaigners
are hoping some of that light can also
shine on them
bori talents at a zero Moscow
