outraged by the Trump administration's
policy of taking migrant children away
from their parents protesters rallied in
Los Angeles it was one of dozens of
similar demonstrations in cities around
the country
this policy is reprehensible we feel
like it's it's it's forcing its
manufacturing a crisis on top of a
crisis that already existed the Trump
administration says it is seizing
children and separating families as a
deterrent scaring other would-be migrant
pearance away it's part of a so-called
zero tolerance policy meanwhile news
came of nearly 1500 migrant boys between
the ages of 10 and 17 being detained in
a sprawling former Walmart store in
Texas
reporters were given a monitored tour of
the building which is run by a private
company under contract with the US
government but were not permitted to
speak with the boys or film the site
these pictures were distributed by the
government the government says it has
contracts with 100 holding facilities in
17 states for detaining immigrant miners
those facilities now hold more than
11,000 children Congress plans to vote
on immigration proposals next week
including one that deals with family
separation lawmakers from the opposition
Democratic Party called the Trump
administration's harsh policies a
disgrace babies as young as 18 months
being ripped from the arms of their
mothers that is psychological torture
leaders of major u.s. religious
denominations have condemned the family
separation policy but Attorney General
Jeff sessions offered justification for
it in the Bible I would cite you to the
Apostle Paul and his clear and wise
command in Romans 13 - oh babe love the
government one protester said
sessions is wrong
I really dislike that he's taking my
Bible in and doing something
anti-biblical with it many of the
parents and children seeking refuge in
the u.s. are fleeing extreme gang
violence in Central America protesters
and immigrants rights advocates say
sending them back to their homeland
could amount to a death sentence rob
reynolds al jazeera los angeles
