New Zealand is rich in wildlife and
because of its isolation there are
hundreds of plants and animals that
evolved here that I found nowhere else
but human introduced pests have
threatened and even wiped out many
species one of those is the native
whereupon gah it's one of the world's
heaviest insects and has been around for
a hundred and ninety million years even
out living the dinosaurs they used to be
found all over New Zealand but now
they're close to extinction these
amazing ancient creatures play a vital
role in the ecosystem and without them
other native plants and wildlife could
also disappear forever
the Auckland zoo has launched a set of
programs to save the Wetty panga or
wetter starting with a new interactive
exhibition that aims to excite the next
generation about insects
featuring giant 3d model insects with
educational games and puzzles bug lab
shows just how fascinating insects are
what do you like about these
you don't see these every day but these
are really cool
these children have never seen a wetter
Punga yet had they lived several
generations ago they would have spotted
them in the gardens Learning Center
guide Kirstie MacFarlane explains why we
should all care more about our native
insects they're fascinating and people
just dismiss them and not only that
they're really really important for the
environment mayors how everything works
together with that insects will be here
how important is it to teach younger
people about insects well they're the
future right so the other ones are going
to have to be helping to to keep them
sick safe and to stop them from becoming
in danger they can really connect with
them fix it at young age and be
important love with them I guess then
that's gonna be great for our future if
submissions can be great for raising
awareness for causes but it's just on
the other side of the zoo that some
really significant work is being done to
protect and revive the threatened word
of hunger
I'm mating Ben Goodwin an entomologist
at Auckland's zoos where Topanga
breeding program hey Ben hey how are you
good thanks how are you this is where we
do pull Americans
after you this is one of the world's
only industrialized insect conservation
programs providing the optimum light and
temperature conditions for better hunger
so these are the ones that you've bred
yep so got some adult would appear in
here that's incredible massive they one
of the heaviest insects in the world
this is an adult female so they don't
get too much bigger than this witih
panther can weigh up to 70 grams that's
the equivalent of three small mice do
you think I can hold her wow that's
incredible do they jump do they fly no
so they're totally flightless they've
got really good camouflage they're
nocturnal so they're very very well
adapted for bird predators but mammals
can just smell them out so is that why I
started to die out they were considered
really common in the to the middle part
of the 1800s and then humans
accidentally establish rats in New
Zealand and one turn of the century they
were basically extinct everywhere aside
from one hold so besides the fact that
they're incredible why would you save
the web Linda they have a important
functions to play in the ecology so X
foliage it does miss a pose and they
fertilize the ground
their species which I read about in
books as a kid so I feel quite
privileged to be working
the breeding program started in 2012
with only 12 wetter since then over
three and a half thousand insects have
been released onto a few key islands
which still provide the ideal conditions
for them to flourish today
Ben's readying a batch for transport so
these will be the easiest ones to do cuz
they're the last ones so this whole
thing comes out they like to hide at
least it'll choose tiny and is this the
size that you want to be taking to the
island yeah
once they've got a bit of size on them
they're a little bit more robust they've
got fewer predators in their safety
right so it's the first female so I'll
just uh tele here and what's the success
rate of your breeding program up to
about eighty percent survival rate which
is really really good do you think
they're upset that we've broken them up
I'm sure they are
that's one it wasn't a con - okay great
since everything which we're gonna be
releasing tonight it's about here with
our 385 wetter packed and ready to move
it's time to head to the docks we're off
to a private island in the how lucky
golf when a four still hospitable to
wetter it's a one-hour boat journey from
the mainland
rod ensued narrator the islands owners
are avid conservationists who have given
their land over to the protection of
native species have you always been
involved in the releases as much as
possible
in 2003 rod and Sue finally rid the
island of invasive mammals like rats
totes and feral cats making it a safe
home for weds of hunger we've never
really looked at ourselves as owners but
more as guardians of this wonderful
place that we've had the privilege of
growing up and how does releasing the
word of hunger onto the island actually
fit into all of the plans so they're
critical to the health of the island
nothing exists in isolation so the word
a Pongo a bit of one of the missing
links for part of the jigsaw
even though wetter are a crucial piece
of the landscape here
the young insects still need to be
handled carefully which means selecting
the perfect spot for their new home
paradise how do you choose the sites
where you release sweaters yeah so this
is one of our release sites here and so
we want to look for a place that's got
lots of hiding spots and somewhere
that's got lots lots of good food plants
as well
oh my goodness this is incredible how
old is this tree so it's about to be
about 800 years old you can see there's
a fecal pellet from one of the widow
Pumas massive good way to and sometimes
to take your presents if you can't
actually find them and that's obviously
really important for the ecosystem yeah
yeah so that's all packed full of
nutrients so they're just recycling what
they're eating and that's good for the
plants and the soil help finding these
droppings isn't only a sign of a healthy
environment but also evidence of an
already thriving population that will
surely welcome newcomers this is kind of
the ideal spot over the best place in
the whole island for them to be released
into because it's got heaps and heaps
and heaps of hidey holes for win upon us
here's one of their preferred food
plants they can go from this tree and
disperse right across the whole forest
here because it's got a huge crown on it
the wetter will be released at night
when they are most active this pink tape
will help us find this spot in the dark
later on
I can't believe they've trusted me with
these winners all right it's the start
of the release site here yep yeah you
can see how much more active they are
than this point you guys this one are we
gonna release more on this truck I will
move yeah
and yeah so how important is it for you
to re-establish you a Topanga here it's
awesome because it's just giving back
something that probably would have been
here years and years ago hopefully their
droppings will end to the forest no
another one no just give me a real soft
touch on my back so how much longer do
you think you'll be doing these sorts of
releases for but a few more releases to
do and then after that it's mainly just
monitoring the populations that one's a
big one Whitter panda now exists on four
Islands as invasive predators are slowly
removed from other locations that number
is expected to rise the hope is that one
day wet upon go could return to the
mainland where they once thrived
there is certainly the will for change
here in New Zealand more people and
institutions are taking action in
support of native species the government
has even committed to rid the country of
human introduced pests by 2050 there is
still a long way to go but at least the
future is now looking optimistic for the
wetter Punga
you
