the national anthem to celebrate a
historic vote emotion was high among
those who wanted to legalize abortion in
Argentina I can't stop crying because we
are together this is a fight there are
so many emotions we know that a lot of
things are missing but we are still
moving forward we have worked so hard
we're being ignored for so long and
today we are making history the debate
lasted for 23 hours and the vote was
very close especially when two
congressmen changed signs and decided to
support the law for months women here
wearing green bandanas have been taken
to the streets to change a law that
affects this country's most vulnerable
thousands of women are hospitalized
every year because of complications with
illegal abortions most of them are poor
especially women and young people who
took to the streets demanding change
opposing the law is the Catholic Church
who issued a statement saying the
results in Congress were upsetting and
did not solved the real problems poor
women faced today
cynthia daus CEO believes the country is
not ready there are a lot of steps that
should be taken prior to passing this
law a lot of education needs to happen
people have to know that if you do
something there are consequences and one
of those is getting pregnant Kerry
Martha the opposition as well as allies
of president Mauricio Macri were divided
on the issue Macri has encouraged his
party members to vote as they see fit
even though he's personally opposed the
proposal
Maria Lewinsky has been campaigning to
change the law for years she says that
the most difficult part is yet to come
in the Senate is quite quite difficult
it's more easy here in the cone in the
in the they produce chamber in the
Senate chamber is going to be most
difficult the numbers are are really
really bad at the moment but well we are
we're doing these like step by step a
green revolution has taken over large
sectors of Argentine society they have
managed to convince lawmakers that
legalizing abortion is a matter of
public health that urgently needs to be
addressed there is a war al-jazeera
Buenos Aires
