in mirth a bear that gets his children
ready for the religious festival of Eid
that follows a month of fasting they're
headed to pray and to listen to speeches
by representatives of Hamas the de facto
power here in Gaza
Ahmad lives near the border with Israel
but has never left since March 30th he
is taken part in anti Israeli protests
along that border and seen many of his
friends and neighbors injured by Israeli
snipers and tear gas this Eid coincides
with the start of the 12th year of the
Israeli led siege God willing we hope
that by the end of the protests we
achieve our goal of lifting the siege
and we wish the Israelis will accept our
demands to lift the siege and give
Palestinian people our rights Hamas
representative Holly Valhalla is the
deputy to smile hanya the political
bureau chief of hamas he delivers an
impassioned speech criticizing Israel
for his actions and accusing it of
targeting civilians journalists and
medics during the protests Ahmad earns
an average $10 a week when he can get
work he doesn't think politicians will
change very much by god the speech
doesn't change the reality things on the
ground change reality and we are
changing things by protesting we want to
change we want to achieve our goals home
ahmad prepares to celebrate Eid
traditionally a time for family and
friends but he worries about his
children's future honestly what we've
seen over the last few years we see war
then ceasefire then they announced there
might be a solution
you become optimistic but then things
get worse then there's a new war you
hope these protests will give hope to
our children Ahmad plans to rejoin the
protesting continue to demand the
lifting of the siege and to fight the
Palestine in the hopes that his and
others lives will improve invites family
is typical of many guards and residents
according to the Palestinian Bureau
statistics some 53 percent of people
live in poverty that's over a million
people despite all the challenges he
faces he's determined to give as sure
the best aid possible Imran Khan al
Jazeera Gaza
