even before their first game Iran's
World Cup players were in the headlines
not for heroics on the field but because
Nike stopped supplying them with shoes
citing American sanctions but even if
Nike wanted Iranians to stop wearing
them they're still just doing it anyways
this is sport this is football there is
nothing to do with politics and that's
quite something quite irrelevant the
sanctions whatever it's not gonna come
into the field of sport you can see
Iranian people are wearing Nike and
maybe it's a kind of popular brand but I
guess many people will have a second
thought about it because this is not
really fair and this is not fair play
win or lose he said Iran's participation
at the World Cup for a second time in a
row is already a great feat and at home
in a country where women still aren't
allowed to attend football games in
public stadiums there are signs of
progress this is a call out to Iranian
women for a Star Search style
competition to find the country's next
female football announcer and earlier
this year the National Indoor women's
team brought home the Asia Cup beating
out tough competition and encouraging
more women to get their foot in the door
Iranian society views it positively now
and football has become one of the most
popular sports for women and of course
I've had many challenges since my
childhood
but I'm telling you if you make efforts
you can achieve what you want this club
is looking for sponsors so these young
women can participate in international
competitions and though their uniforms
may be a little different they have the
same problem as female athletes
everywhere they don't get as much money
as the men for things like equipment and
training the game may be played indoors
and the size of the arena may be smaller
but these women say they are every bit
the athletes their male counterparts are
citta yesh says her coach is tough but
she doesn't mind because some day she
says she wants to be a defender and win
the golden ball and her future teammate
gives us her prediction for russia 2018
who do you think will win the world cup
if these two young athletes are anything
to go by for the beautiful game the
field in Iran is wide open
zing bus Rafi al-jazeera Darren
