the colorful northern Italian town event
amia faces the mediterranean sea in
recent years it's become a stopping
point for migrants trying to cross into
France
just a few kilometers away many in the
city say they're frustrated with the
situation most say France should share
the burden instead of tightening its
border and turning its back on its
neighbour I think friends should take
some of the migrants because we have too
many here in Ventimiglia Italy takes
them all but France doesn't want them
it's not fair
Europe and France have to do their part
these women say the Rome's recent
decision to block a charity migrant
rescue boat sends a message to the
European Union that Italians like them
have had enough say thanks to salvini of
La Liga he's helping to reduce
insecurity we don't know where to put
all these people the city center left
Maire is cautious when talking about
Italy's new anti-immigration government
but he says there's no doubt that people
are frustrated with Europe Mauricio de
persona I can't complain about the way
people have approached this and helped
the migrants but it's a big weight to
bear and people feel abandoned by our
neighboring countries and Europe by easy
be seen as patience runs out
so does goodwill this church was once a
refuge for migrants but it was forced to
shut two years ago the Colombian priests
that were serving in this parish decided
to open up the church doors to the
migrants and at any time they were up
2,500 people sleeping here behind the
church and inside the building but local
residents became fed up and after bowing
to pressure
city officials decided to close it down
the new government has decided it is
Italians first those of us helping are
already feeling more pressure and I see
less migrants coming the people who come
here are mainly refugees from Sudan and
Eritrea this young man didn't wish to be
identified but he described his
terrifying crossing from Libya it's very
very serious dangerous you know many
people lost their life what I get to
somebody no because it's a struggle you
know so I make it you know
people invented Mia may not be united in
their approach to the crisis but nearly
all agree on one thing
the migration should be a European issue
not just an Italian one and new
strategies are urgently needed to help
those on the front line and protect
those who are vulnerable
Natasha Butler al Jazeera when Tamiya
Italy
