the ringleaders have brought into court
for sentencing flanked by armed police
wearing masks at the heights of Europe's
2015 refugee crisis the gang smuggled
more than a thousand refugees into
Austria in just six months using 15
different trucks and lorries migrants
were being charged as much as $1,700 a
person the August smuggling run was in a
refrigerator truck a vehicle designed to
be airtight and the 71 men women and
children from Syria Iraq and Afghanistan
trapped inside quickly ran out of oxygen
the people inside was seen suffering and
as time passed we realized we may
suffocate to death
so they banged on the doors screamed and
shouted trying to signal to a driver as
air was running out people inside
realized what they would suffocate and
die inside the gangs driver abandoned
the lorry beside the a4 highway and when
Austrian police opened the doors they
found the corpses piled on top of each
other investigations showed they'd been
dead for two days the gang leader was an
Afghan national named Sam Salah who
charged with aggravated murder the gang
said they weren't aware that the
refugees were dying the police
telephone intercepts showed that when
the driver had raised concerns lahu had
ordered him not to open the doors let
them die instead that's an order he was
recorded as saying the deaths became a
tipping point in the 2015 refugee crisis
it's believed to have led directly to
Angela Merkel's announcement that
Germany would welcome migrants
eventually allowing in more than a
million mainly Syrian refugees the
prosecutor accused lahu of endless greed
and frightening indifference to the
suffering of the 71 who died the men's
defense lawyers say they'll appeal the
prosecutor is also appealing to try to
have the 25 year jail term increased
Paul Brennan al-jazeera
