I am for me okay and you're in the
stream today we'll the me to movement
change India we're here from women
speaking out against sexual harassment
there and you can join in of course the
conversation live on YouTube and also
via Twitter in India women are taking to
social media to speak out against sexual
harassment that they've experienced in
the media and entertainment industries
when accused of inappropriate behavior
have included Bollywood stars singers
and even a former newspaper editor who
is now the country's junior foreign
minister the latest wave of accusations
was started last month by a former
bollywood actress two new shriek Dutta
encouraged by the global me two
movements impact in Hollywood Dutta
revived her allegation that she was
sexually harassed by well-known actor
naina pitaka during a 2008 film shoot
she has since filed a new police report
against Pataca who denies any wrongdoing
so to what degree were the me to
movement change India and the behavior
of sexual predators and would-be
harasses with us to talk about this in
Bangalore Sandhya and men on a writer
and author online she's been sharing her
experiences with sexual harassment in
India's media industry in Mumbai Mahama
cut Raja is a comic poet and she says
she has experienced sexual harassment
while working with the comedy troupe or
India bad shot in Mumbai rue to Jason
Day is a lawyer who has been offering
legal advice to victims of sexual
harassment and in Paris Tricia Shetty is
founder of she says India and that's a
nonprofit that encourages the public to
work against sexual violence
ladies it's good to have you here
Sandhya I'm just thinking could this
happened in India any other time what is
it about right now that means that I can
have this extraordinary lineup of women
all willing to talk about
sexual harassment very openly on
international TV so you can get me one
totally set this family that you know
this is me two in India is a movement to
Stein is done mostly because we've
watched the West quietly in the last
year why are we leading our own stories
right so what's happened is we've
watched unrelenting coverage of the of
the media movement and it hasn't even
died with new cycles the way it usually
does and it's been it's sort of it does
things to you in your head right these
things when when it when it's in the new
cycle constitutes just stuff to your
head and I think all of us gone back to
our experiences and relived not just
with what's happened to us but how we
react it and what we've done about it
that and the fact that we have Twitter
where over the last year sporadically
women have sort of called out men who
have been terrible to them badly it's
that sort of things I think collectively
it was just sort of it came to a point
where it sort of we took a leap off the
edge ah
so yeah the time is now I want to show
you this tweak this is masala by and I'm
gonna show this tweet to you Mahima a
masala by says one thing is fairly
apparent there's a festering ulcer at
the topmost levels of powers dominated
by men his conditioning happened in the
60s and 70s of acceptable behavior with
women when structures that protect women
weren't fully in place me to India
that's one woman's take what's yours I
think that really has changed that there
has been no progress but I still think
that then there are people in positions
of power especially men they're not only
complicit in it they themselves are
repetative and they protect of the men
who are also predators it's almost like
a boys club saying I got you so in fact
a lot of times
seemed like even women who like are in
really high positions they they
sometimes also don't come out and
support other women which feels like
such a failure for a survivor when she's
trying to speak out I mean for sure this
is this is the current reality in the
now well TJ I'm just thinking about the
sort of survivor stories that you're
hearing the sort that are all over me to
India hashtag as people are literally
just saying now is the time I'm sharing
my story right there there's a vast
array of stories that has come out from
rape sexual assault to everyday women
going to offices and feeling
uncomfortable made to feel uncomfortable
by their male colleagues you know people
had this general perception in India
that sexual harassment only means any
type of physical harassment now their
eyes are opening up and they are
realizing that oh it's not just anything
physical but anything that makes a woman
uncomfortable it's unwelcomed and has
sexual undertones it is something that
is harassment and that is that has
started a really good dialogue in the
country mm-hmm Mahima go ahead were you
gonna say yeah I was just
it's I was so aware of this fact because
I was I was out being a talking to even
I was talking about a couple of people
on Twitter and there were some people
trolling me and saying oh this is not
real harassment why calling this
so-and-so person out and a famous author
and a famous media personality and we
still lack that awareness and education
where we need to understand that sexual
harassment is a spectrum of anything
between unwanted sort of conversation -
right up to like physical violence and
harassment like it's an entire spectrum
of where women are felt dehumanized and
feel like they they consent and their
boundaries were pushed or breached
Mahima do you mind sharing a work Sunday
yes just hold tight for a moment I just
want Mahima to actually explain the
story that happened to you because it's
pretty graphic go ahead
oh my own story yes mom
so there's a certain comic who sort of
used his feminism and his focus as a
facade to hide behind so that other
women around him sold fella they got
down thinking oh he's a good man he
seems like it seems like cool and so
what he'll do is he befriends these
women and we have all been moved in the
same circles we have same friends and
then when I came out with my story I
realized the women then he would go on
snapchat or whatsapp or Facebook and
other social media platforms and sort of
start the conversation
so immediately asked for nude pictures
or send unsolicited pixels Jannetty here
or ask for them and then he did that to
me I actually came out and told a couple
of omics
one in a B that we have seen now in the
news who which is really big comedy
collectives and another was another
stand-up comic also friend of mine Kunal
Kunal had sort of the night told him had
confronted with soap and it's of
continuity
he said ask men by calling me up and
calling him up and saying you will do in
my career please don't come out of it
please don't come out with the story and
so Kunal at the world a few of his
friends and they stopped walking with
him stop giving him stage time stop
sharing stage time with him but AIB who
knew explicitly about this as in like as
a friend I had made it very well-known
continue to give him work and I think
because of that because he continued to
get credibility Fame money he was able
to harass more women in the last couple
of years he got two more women because
there was complicity otherwise would
have been stopped so Sunday a woman you
can just like ahead so I'm going to sort
of sound terrible saying this but I
honestly believe that in there as a as a
culture
hasn't been dating very long and we
don't know the rules so I I particularly
discovered that because I've been I was
single for a bit and I was meeting men I
realized we didn't know the rules right
what half the time and I'm not excusing
Harrises or creditors a very strong what
do I see a sense of what I've picked up
in the last 10 days since this whole
thing's been going on it's that men and
women both don't know the rules I mean
it's it's it's not because they don't
want to know they don't want to figure
it out but they just as far as social
interaction is concerned nobody knows
what so okay and what's not
we don't have a culture that allows for
dating that allows for casual sex until
recently and I'm saying about ten years
ago which is well it's okay to talk
about it with your friends and sometimes
even older people in your family and
stuff like that so I think the
distinction between um gentlemanly
behavior good behavior and being a
complete cat there's no lines I mean
they don't know what works what what
doesn't work popular culture tells them
one thing tradition and upbringing to
have the money so it's like setting
boundaries Trisha go ahead you know I
hear where something is coming from that
having worked in this space long before
the movie commandment as we know it has
come to light I would tragedy with that
you don't show very often of women in
general and dodging and us in this
behavior it's not because we don't know
the rules it's because we understand
abuse intimately and do not engage in
this and again I'm drawing a general
statement the problem is that these men
have gotten away with abusing the men
for as long as they have and you will
notice it's the same pattern
they're not even innovative in their
pattern of abusing women it's the same
pattern
it's because it's been unchecked abuse
and the the thing is women have gone
through due process they have complained
they have tried to speak up they have
tried to bank the doors of judicial
system and you cross that
this step has failed them as an oil
things new just the due process is
feeling them you know India has robust
laws against sexual harassment abuse but
if we talk about the implementation
actually there's a 20 feet there's a
2013 sexual harassment law but that
hasn't stopped the cases let me just go
to a teacher for to Joe go ahead what do
you want to say so adding to what
Rachelle was saying
with regards to you know how women have
gone ahead and complained but they have
not gotten the justice that they have
been asking for so long I think it's a
two-fold problem first with the legal
system itself the failure of
implementation and the people who work
with the legal system they are not
sensitized enough to deal with survivors
or they do not know how to you know help
them out and emotionally and sometimes
they are even asked to take their
complaints back it's too much of a
hassle don't go ahead so there's not a
lot of support which comes from the
legal system and the societal problem as
well because there's so much stigma
attached to it
people still blame the victims and this
even happens with people who work with
the legal system right you know and
there is a lot of victim blaming yeah
and these two together make it very
difficult for women to come forward and
actually take it I like to say formally
take it short as opposed to let me
configure that
let me give our audience an example of
this because I did everything you've
been saying makes perfect sense and none
of it am I being shocked about it just
makes perfect sense in a patriarchal
world in a patriarchal society there's
an actress called tarnish read utter and
back in 2008 she complained about sexual
harassment on the film set she was
working in when she complained this is
what happened have a look at what the
crowds did when they heard about her
complaint so this is her leaving the
film set and the crowd who were not
happy with the complaint that she made
and you can see a camera crews there
somebody is letting out the ever tire so
I can't a car can't even move on
standing on the car I mean this is
somebody who's complaining about sexual
harassment and is then being harassed
herself fast-forwards
20:18 the same former actress is now
saying that same complaint and there is
a change is this a cultural change that
is happening in India because of me -
hey my go ahead yeah conversation last
year there was Raymond try to come out
publicly with the story and hope to get
some sort of justice but the due process
has never worked and forget you process
like once you come out with the story
there's a very high chance of you losing
your career
losing your reputation and then being
intimidated like we're seeing right now
in the news where we've allocated
against administered and he's filing a
defamation case I had a story about
Bollywood director and I saw it in the
news that he was once and me and you can
notice about this the intimidation
factor is trying to keep you quiet
trying to make the story go away with
honesty there was an actual physical
intimidation girl where her parents and
her say if you are in question so sure
like the movement I think has made the
conversation slightly more empathetic
and slightly more humane with how we are
launching at so I goes but it's still
pretty bad out there like there is a
great personal cost coming on let me
just share this with you because this is
coming live from YouTube graph says that
we have courts when you are harassed go
to the police and file the first
information report against it or - sure
what's the problem with that or is there
a public saint seems common sense go to
police yeah go to the court so there is
there's obviously a problem with that
which is why most women aren't doing it
in the first place I think one of the
problems is that the investigative
authorities are not very supportive when
victims go ahead and try to complain
there sometimes told to us to take their
campaigns back or there's a lot of
victim shaming that goes of goes on like
what were you where
what why were you there why were you
with this person and the person who has
gone and complained but comes out in a
very vulnerable position in in such
situations so it becomes very difficult
to file these complaints and the second
part is that you know it's very
emotional for the complainant to go and
file such a complaint in the first place
so dealing with this Chama becomes even
more difficult when the authorities are
not you know they're not being helpful
towards them
yes Trisha quickly Succot few things one
to the person who's posted this comment
it's rich to sit back with your male
privilege and ask women to go complain
to the police station what I would
request this person to do is go visit a
woman the next time she's facing
harassment to the police station and see
how difficult the process is the second
thing is you know we as a society are
obsessed with wanting the ideal victim
right the banality of an ideal victim
there's a reason why we as a society
came down on the streets for near
bhaiyya because she fit the narrative of
an ideal woman a girl from a low-income
society looking towards education
looking to live a better life we don't
want the narrative of a woman claiming
agency of going out on the street or
going out to a nightclub enjoying a
glass of alcohol enjoying male company
or you know having male friends we don't
want those narratives of victims coming
to light because we indulge in victim
blaming and shaming also the third angle
to this is perpetrators we also want the
ideal perpetrator not just ideal victim
we want the perpetrator to be the driver
on the bus we want the perpetrator to be
a stranger on the streets not
acknowledging the fact that in over 97
percent of the cases specific to India
the perpetrator is known to the victim
the second the perpetrator is known to
the victim we questioned the victim what
did you do just before the assault that
may have warranted you getting assaulted
or if I was in your place I would have
slapped the person why did you keep
quiet for so long you know why didn't
you report then and there so the idea is
we want to paint the woman as weak and
vulnerable and at the same time the
second she gets subject to harassment we
want her to be brave speak up report a
slap the person or both
due process not understanding that all
the systems are failing women and that
we as a society have a role to play our
role doesn't start and stop it not
abusing a woman
my role starts with not indulging and
victim blaming and shaming not being a
passive bystander and thirdly supporting
women standing in solidarity and saying
it may not have happened to me should I
believe you I see you and how can I help
you ladies let me share this with you
I'm gonna share this with Sandhya first
of all this is from a my from India and
amaya India talks about me to India as a
wake-up call to take sexual harassment
at workplace seriously finally companies
will set up internal complaints
committees also take survivors seriously
a major change in the workplace
environment will follow is this blind
optimism or you already beginning to see
this Sandhya no I think we are beginning
to see listen this is my this is this
has been the activity as far as I'm
concerned this is the activity on my
Twitter for the past 10 days I've been
focusing on workplace harassment because
that really is the thing that impacts
women more than anything else I mean I
don't want to take away from the trauma
of women who are highest in social
situations where you know bad sexual
contact or social conduct in outside the
workplace but a workplace affects
likelihood affects confidence affects
ambitions and ambitions aren't any less
than livelihood or the money that you're
earning so now in the last two big
newspapers have had to let their editors
go they've had to start investigating
some of their employees
- two of the largest newspapers in India
corporates are also investigating a
couple of people like heads of
departments that's happening I'm just
afraid it's a knee-jerk reaction but I
think the other thing that we're pushing
for is tightening up of the posh act and
the way the company is interpret the
policy they've got all the things in
letter right the spirit if it is missing
because I'll tell you the minute a woman
takes a complaint to a senior the first
reaction is to talk them out of it oh no
I know him very well he wouldn't do
something like that
oh you
imagined it all hey can we talk about it
the first response I feel to the person
who is being reported to should be
straight up let me help you help you
find file a complaint that doesn't
happen and then you know then you keep
quiet the first time then subsequently
it happens three four times you know
like what's going on and by then things
are far too messed up and this should
have been the first response and I think
those are the things that we're looking
at tightening and I don't think we're
overly optimistic especially with
companies in corporates I think there's
a lot to lose it especially I think
everyone's seeing women is anarchic at
this point on social media so just a bit
of a loose cannon thing so I suppose
they're being a little careful and doing
something about it and we'll continue to
do something I'm optimistic I want to
bring in a male point of view here this
is from Aamir Khan and I'm aircon just
talking about well how do men react to
this and me to India movement that's
happening right now and Amma says that
the men should actually own up to their
mistakes some did make public apologies
which of course isn't enough but denying
them outright you won't help these men
what do you think ladies because they
knew that gonna be next this is actually
a tweet that I put up saying there are
lots of names and it's time for you to
preemptively come out with the story
don't put the burden of coming out with
the truth to the woman you are asked or
abused come out with the story on may
commence
take whatever course is needed to make
though so I will feel like she has some
closure or some justice and take that
onus on yourself because you know the
story is coming and might as well you
just do it now and but that never
happened in the men kept quiet and the
stories kept coming and now even now if
you've noticed in this entire movement
have been incredible with offering the
support this solidarity resources tools
helping fight complaints everything has
been made available by women the men
have kept very silent ladies while
you're talking I want to show you
something and this is a Google trend and
actualization of how the me to movement
is taking up around the world I don't
want to spoil the the end result here
but you can have a look here because
it's much more interesting than me
we have me to a few places around Africa
taking off there Western Europe and
Europe obviously us where it kind of
started although me too has been going
on for a long time just not necessarily
having a hashtag to go with it and I
just need to cross here the Pacific
because I need to show you what India is
doing you know when you say somebody is
on fire right now because I know there
is no space look at this
I don't know is this encouraging or
terrifying I think people are thinking
about me too around the world I know
everywhere India is on fire I think it's
brave thanks be nice at all yeah large
and what's particularly interesting for
me over there is that if you if you sort
of go to the details it's the smaller
towns that this lit up which is which is
the one critique we've been facing for
the past 10 days right here that oh this
is an elite movement on gaming City just
a little chaos talking about yes yeah
yes witnessing in little towns across
languages and states which is so
encouraging not quite sure how it's
going on I just got a message today
saying oh there are protests against the
meter movement for men's rights and I'm
going hey hold on so I don't know how
that is but if this is encouraging to
see it's it's really nice to see another
bright well - John what were you had to
say at the beginning it was sorry in the
beginning it was quite terrifying
because you were just shocked well I
mean I wouldn't say shocked because
somewhere it was expected but it was
still a stunning amount of number of
men who were coming out but now it's
just encouraging because you know that
they have a voice and they are coming
out in large numbers that is why you can
see India's on fire right now
sure ladies thank you for giving us a
little insight into how the me to
movement is taking off in India again
because there was a first wave in 2017
second wave right now and as you can see
on this Muthu rising how many people
were tweeting about me to India Sandhya
and Mahima or a tujhe Trisha thank you
so much for being on the stream and
conversation continues always online at
AJ stream on Twitter see you next time
take care everybody
