the fans are arriving football chants
are reverberating around city squares
one of the biggest sporting parties in
the world is upon us once again it was
eight years ago that FIFA announced that
2018 hosts would be Russia amid
allegations of corruption in the World
Cup bidding process nevertheless
Vladimir Putin was pleased enough to
accept with a rare speech in English and
fair fight do that highest standards
Putin's World Cup moments is now here
Russian business new site Arabic are
estimates the full cost at fourteen
point two billion dollars and for that
Putin gets a chance to generate some
much-needed goodwill for the country
because internationally Russia has
something of a reputation problem the
annexation of Crimea and the war in
eastern Ukraine the sports doping
scandal allegations of Russian
interference in foreign elections the
poisoning of a former spy and his
daughter in England all these and more
the list of perceived transgressions is
long enough the political analyst Andrey
Kolesnikov suspects any world cup image
boost will be limited to the home front
it's extremely important to make such a
gift to domestic audience but for
foreign audience Russia will not change
its image as a toxic toxic power toxic
country because there were so many
events of other kinds that even a good
organization of the football chamber can
change anything I'm sure but as he spoke
at the FIFA Congress on Wednesday Putin
made it clear hosting the World Cup
isn't just about pleasing Russians or
international politics it's about giving
visitors the best impression of Russia -
our goal is that all our guests from
football stars to simple
fans feel the hospitality and cordiality
of our people that they learn the
authentic multinational culture and
unique nature of Russia and that they
would like to come back to us again it's
something he's tried before
four years ago Russia hosted the Winter
Olympics in Sochi the region was flooded
with cash to smarten it up for all the
visitors for the World Cup that's been
done on a much wider scale in total 11
World Cup cities have received
investment money from the huge
metropolis of Moscow and st. Petersburg
to smaller cities like Kazan saransk and
Samara the aim is to get fans and money
to parts of the country far off the
usual tourist trail making sure visitors
get a Russian experience is something
that's filtered into the choice of this
year's official World Cup instrument -
these are Lodge key and they're an
update on the spoons played in
traditional Russian folk music the sound
of a full stadium banging these together
is something you're going to hear a lot
of in the weeks to come for visitors to
have the best possible time here of
course involved keeping them safe at the
European Championship two years ago in
France violent clashes between English
and Russian fans were broadcast around
the world since then Russian police have
come down hard on local hooligans they
want no repeat of such violence here
hands numerous security measures such as
a strictly controlled fan ID system are
in place to prevent bombs and other
attacks for a month the eyes of the
world will be on Russia everything has
to go smoothly
Rory challon's al Jazeera Moscow
