assembly is now voting members of the
General Assembly prepare to vote the
resolution aimed at the protection of
the Palestinian civilian population
against what it calls excessive force
but it took long debate and several
procedural votes forced by the u.s. to
get to this point earlier intent on
making Hamas accountable the u.s. had
introduced an amendment accusing Hamas
of being the prominent actor in the
ongoing violence this was opposed by the
sponsors of the original resolution who
called for a vote on the amendment to be
denied this attempt to obstruct a vote
on an amendment proposed by the United
States is shameful I call on all member
states to oppose this motion and vote no
62 voted in favor of the amendments 58
against but the General Assembly
president ruled a two-thirds majority
was needed this disputed by the US and
yet another vote was held to gauge
whether there was a simple majority
support for the u.s. position there was
not the assembly supporting the
two-thirds rule by 78 votes against 59
confirming the u.s. amendments had
failed to pass all of you are very
sophisticated diplomats you know the
real thing and you know the games and
the gimmicks and we trust you fully to
do that I think and to sift between
those who try for the last minute for
expediency to fool you by introducing
amendments and these are in bad faith
because they are not genuine the
original resolution was vigorously
attacked by Israel by supporting this
resolution you are empowering Hamas over
the past two months we have heard from
some of the world's worst offenders
about the so-called Palestinian great
march of return is millennia the head of
the Hamas president everyone of Turkey
and others have expressed the support
for these attacks against Israel but to
no avail
when the vote was finally taken it was
passed by a substance
majority 120 members voted in favor 45
abstained and only eight including the
United States
opposed while these General Assembly
votes are largely symbolic
this one has some teeth it calls on the
secretary-general to look into how best
to protect Palestinian civilians to look
at the viability of an international
protection force and to report back to
the General Assembly within 60 days
underlying the sense of urgency and
acknowledgement of how serious the
crisis on the ground since the current
round of protests began more than 100
Palestinians have been killed over
10,000 injured many by directed sniper
fire
Makana al Jazeera United Nations
