set in pine forests in the south of
France is the world's biggest nuclear
experiment hundreds of experts are
working on a unique reactor project
called Ito that could help solve the
world's energy problems by capturing the
power of nuclear fusion it's run by the
EU and six countries including the US
Russia and China anticipating our future
energy needs and finding a source that
can last for centuries it will consume
hydrogen deuterium and tritium for which
we have resources for hundreds of
thousands of years above all it'll be
safer and create no long lasting
radioactive waste when the reactor is
finished it will contain 1 million
purpose-built components from around the
world they must be precisely fitted
there's no room for mistakes nuclear
energy is currently created by splitting
atoms but fusion forces them together
it's the same process that powers the
Sun and this reactor aims to replicate
it inside the reactor a plasma of heated
gas would reach temperatures of more
than a hundred and fifty million degrees
centigrade fusing the atoms to create
energy a magnetic field would protect
the machine from intense heat I've
worked on other big projects but this
one is more complicated and it's all
about one thing and that is hitting
deadlines sticking to a tight schedule
is one of a tales main challenges when
it launched in 2006 everyone thought the
reactor would be finished in 10 years
with 35 countries investing and building
components logistics politics and the
sheer complexity of the project has
caused delays and rising costs despite
that eaters director-general says the
project is on track by the second half
of this century this technology will be
available the fossil fuel will not be so
easy ok to use anymore and so we will
have a competitive fusion technology
which will be available for the whole
world
critics say there's a risk that eta
won't work will never lead to fusion
energy being commercially viable it
could
an enormous waste of time and money but
if it does work it could help save the
planet from climate change and prove the
power of the human imagination for those
here it's a gamble worth taking
Natasha Butler al-jazeera karakash
France
