yeah hello hi in the 5/16 Gribble house
serious fire where you just let 16 green
filters insult all flat 16 and what's
the policy hold
w11 cg w 11 1 2 1 go
yeah but kind of quick please yeah would
you just I have to get the address
okay cleanse flat 16 blue filter W level
1 PG the fabricator on my way are you at
the height yeah yeah I'm all set yeah
well the fire engines are on their way
just tell me how many floors you got
there it's before or right quick quick
quick
you can hear the urgency in his voice
it's palpable
hi I'm family okay and you are in the
stream you were just listening to audio
of the first emergency call me Baba he
looka better at 12:54 a.m. London time
it was in his flat that the tragic rm4
tower fire would start on the one-year
anniversary of the June the 14th blaze
in which at least 72 people died
questions remain
why did repeated warnings about the
building go unheeded could the emergency
response have been more effective and
where are the survivors today one of
those survivors is mrs. Rucker yet a
Mamadou who lived in a flat on the first
floor of REM Phil and managed to escape
with her grandson she joins us now from
London mrs. Mamadou thank you for taking
time out of this day for us on the
screen thank you for having me thank you
when you heard that emergency call it
takes us back a year what was that like
just hearing it right rule out of all of
the memories of that escape your escape
what's the one you want to share with us
what is the one that you wouldn't never
ever forget well one I will never ever
forget is when I ran outside the
building
I watched my building home down
fire jumping from one truck to another
like parachutes and somebody within a
baby a child on the window crying for
help this is the early hours of the
morning so you would have been in bed
how did you wake up what happened I woke
up by trying to use the washroom and I
heard some noise from outside unusual
noise so I picked through my window and
then I screamed out what's going on
there and it did Maskelyne Valen said to
me fire get out you escape with your
grandson and now you're living in the
area not too far away from grandpa tower
what's your housing like right now I'm
in temporary accommodation as I've been
in the hotel for it's good in one room
hotel accommodation with windows never
approach no cross ventilation nothing
but we were there for each word let's uh
move to temporary now a beginning to see
whether we can put because the good boy
I have ADHD and autism so he was out of
his routine totally so now we have been
moved to a temporary accommodation yeah
we are trying to get a closure to all
the happenings and nightmares
we have it wasn't it's not still easy
you are still going through a lot of
waking up in the middle of the night
having palpitations not be sure what
tomorrow brings
it is not easy no I know that you had to
carry your grandson out of the tower I'm
sorry to bring up his terrible terrible
memories and he was 12 at the time
oh yeah he will he's 13 now he tells me
he's a teenager at the time he was well
we have just gone to bed about 10:30 we
came back from a trip so went to bed
rather late for it 12 years old to go to
bed by 10:30 was rather late but he fell
asleep immediately and to wake him up at
about 10 minutes first word was not easy
so I had to lift him and put on his
pajamas which shoes my handbag my
dressing-gown over my head and as soon
as I opened the door
this book was pushing in and I became
blind I couldn't see anything but I used
my fists and think you know that I
shouldn't go on the list at that time of
fire so I looked on shaking and as I was
going down the 13th I tripped and he
fell over and I woke him up yeah how's
he doing now mrs. mama tell javi doing
okay he tried to is trying to set him
down in his pool and he's feeling the
same school moved to a temporary
accommodation and they are now trying to
move them back to the side where the
girls cell tower is still standing so I
don't know if they are thinking of the
psychological effect of their building
on the children only early this week he
met the British prime minister Theresa
May I'm just gonna show our audience
something from the Twitter feed of
grenfell speaks and she met with
volunteers and members of rainfall
United and she sat down and she had an
iftar dinner with them and was talking
to local residents if nothing is the end
of the daily fast if you're observing
Ramadan as a Muslim and I'm just looking
at her sitting on
Flor she she's not looking entirely
comfortable but you had a conversation
with the British prime minister what did
you talk to her about this week I did at
the time which was four days ago I did
sit introduced myself and I said I was
from Grafton tower and we are very good
food that she come to see us because
it's like the area we live in is a
socially degraded area blob of goo
nobody wants to go to LA with me but
nobody came to see us during the fire
but when I saw her that day I said to
her
thank you very much we appreciate your
company but I think this is the
beginning of a new relationship between
the gap of the poor and the rich which
will be very happy if you guys empower
the Parliament whatever know everybody's
power and look into segregation meaning
religion segregation color segregation
and the culture as well and she was she
was appreciative of when I said back
said to me oh thank you thank you very
much so I hope something we change
somehow not on the distant change I
don't think the panel can do anything
about your city for instance the first
phase of the panel they didn't have any
members order yeah members of the local
community
mrs. memory we're going to talk about
that in just a moment I know that you
want to go to a memorial the reason why
you are wearing a green headdress is
because you're also remembering the
people who died in the fire year ago
today so looking at mama do you thank
you so much for joining us today on the
stream appreciate it thank you
testimonies in an ongoing public inquiry
have revealed many problems combustible
building materials the London Fire
Brigade stay-put policy low water
pressure for the fire hoses and poor
ventilation systems its name just a few
issues with a separate police
investigation that could lead to charges
of manslaughter activists say that those
who may be held responsible are
scrambling to shift the blame with me
now to talk about this stay Mia who is
the project lead with the Graham film
Muslim response unit Salish Retta is a
barrister with the red line chambers
Becka Hudson is a coordinator with a
radical housing network in London and we
also asked members of the public inquiry
and also the government to pay on the
program but we were told that nobody was
available available but welcome
everybody else really good to have you
here let me share with you something
that Tammy said on Twitter and she was
talking about what it is like today as a
as a member of the community around
Grenville and she describes today as
solidarity or spirit from within the
community the government and Kensington
and Chelsea Council still needs to win
back the trust feelings have been
misrepresented and insensitive support
saturated with grief and trauma a year
on hardly recovery saying that's one one
locals of you how are you today first of
all thank you so much for having me femi
and first almost I apologize for
somewhat the noise that you might and
the audience might hear behind me I am
actually here at the remembering
Grenfell event which is taking place
today
in in commemoration and remembrance of
the victims that sadly lost away one
year ago and today today we're here
ready to reflect back and to remember
the legacy of the lives that were lost
on that day and actually the saying I
mean now there's about 4,000 people here
they've just finished the silent march
in which about three to four thousand
people took place him
I'm just thinking back at housing is a
topic that keeps coming up with this
whole tragedy before chewing afterwards
the idea of how many hands it take to
house people from a tower block in those
extreme circumstances where they lost
everybody what do you think of the
efforts so far well I don't think that
we've seen anything like a competent
response to that kind of atrocity
Grenfell never should have happened in
the first place but if the unspeakable
happened a year ago there should have
been a serious disaster response put in
place and that's true on a lot of levels
particularly on housing we see people
survivors from the tower he was doing
hotels many of them in temporary
accommodation and also Grenfell is a
tower on a wider estate and there were
lots of other people who were displaced
by the fire along the walkways in that
estate
those people are also traumatized
they've lost family members neighbors
friends and almost all of them are in
temporary accommodation in fact we found
this week that quite a few of them are
actually being pushed into very insecure
temporary private rented situations and
being pressured by the council to give
up their flats on the estate and move
into this totally uncertain future so in
terms of housing the council is saying
they're not going to buy any more
accommodation they have no plans to do
so but they still haven't dealt with the
basic immediate needs of people that
were affected by this fear this fire
which was now 12 whole months ago and
they still just haven't taken serious
action saying give us a little snapshot
of what that means when you say housing
and temporary housing but when you are
working with individual members of the
community the logistics of moving and
continue to move give us one little
snapshot of what that's like so I guess
I guess there's two sides to this coin
and the first side of it is that
actually majority of those people you
know the Elizabeth Campbell who's the
leader of the Royal Borough of Kings in
Chelsea she mentioned how 90 percent of
those families have actually accepted
accepted an offer of housing now what
does that look like that
you know it that doesn't mean they've
actually moved and the question then
that leads from there is why have they
not actually moved in or we settled into
their new homes now Elizabeth Campbell a
few days ago she went who is again the
leader of the council she went on live
air a few days ago and she said that
actually the council was doing this at
the pace of the survivors now I know for
a fact I'm I'm just gonna be a snapshot
of just one example of a family and I'm
not gonna use the word case because you
know words like case is what the council
uses but these are human beings these
are individuals who have suffered
tremendous adversity and one example of
someone who were supporting right now
and the grant for most Muslim response
unit and she has mobility issues if
she's actually being placed in a in a
hotel in which her own wheelchair does
not even get to be the bottom
furthermore she has no shower facilities
and she has to go down and lift she has
to come out of the hotel and win herself
to another hotel nearby to go into
another room to use to use a shower so
when you when you look at in terms of
the housing situation really there's one
word to describe it and it's it's
undignified you know really you know
it's it's taken away the dignity of the
people who have suffered so much already
guys let me share this with you this
comes from true seeker on Twitter have
there been any consequences for those
responsible for the safety issues in the
Grenville tower are there new
interventions or regulations in place to
prevent this from happening again have
the victims received adequate
compensation issue what do you know well
there was a public inquiry that started
fairly quickly after the firing of the
prime minister initiated the process
it's got going
it's has taken a few months for the
chairman of inquiry just more bit to
start hearing evidence it will take time
as I understand it they're going to be
two reports in sequence as a result of
inquiry the first phase report will be
looking at
the mechanics of the fire and what
exactly happened on on the night the
second face which will take a little
longer we'll look at take a broader
picture of what can be done what the
regulations are what the shortcomings
were and so that's the public inquiry as
far as justice is concerned of course
there is a police investigation that's
taking place that in itself may take a
few more months before any decisions are
made to prosecute any potential
defendants and there's a wide range of
potential defendants and of course the
lawyers representing the families of
those that passed away and also those
that survived will have their own civil
action that they can then pursue
probably after the inquiry is reported
and after the prosecution if there are
any completed I'm just wondering Salish
on the front page of the ground fault
our inquiry you can go and look for it
yourself
viewers Graham felt our inquiry all UK
there is a message from the chairman on
this front page my thoughts and those of
all members of the inquiry team with the
families of all those who lost their
lives and with those whose lives have
been affected by the terrible fire a
year ago signed by the chairman there is
a motion and passion and horror and all
emotions that you could possibly think
of involved around this inquiry how do
you do that job how do you do this
effectively with so much emotion and
also a very engaged community salish
certainly the the start of the inquiry
was not a happy one in the the
appointment of the the chairman just
more big was not universally and widely
accepted that's an understatement
sailesh that's an understatement I agree
and the community were very unhappy
because here was a judge who was
background was from public school who
went straight to one of the best
universities in the country who then
went to the bar who then went to the
High Court bench and so on and the
community's fear was this is a man who
will not understand us and the concern
the residents and the local community
was we want people on the inquiry
understand interesting day David he says
why doesn't the public inquiry ask the
questions that the community weren't
asking such as why sits in this being
called corporate manslaughter why
weren't the inquiry look into the wider
courses like social inequality so many
questions there so I want to bring back
Becker and Zane into this conversation
because I'm really thinking about what
has happened what has happened that is
positive Becker in this last year what
progress has been made in terms of other
tower blocks and in terms of cladding
for instance well there's been a huge
amount I think in North Kensington as in
the rest of the country communities are
organizing themselves to to look after
each other and to kind of get their
rights and their safety dealt with
properly but still we're seeing from
local and from central government it's
just very very little movement and it's
incredibly slow so it took 11 months it
was only last month that our prime
minister Theresa May announced that
cladding on Housing Association and
council blocks that is the same as that
that was used that grenfell will be
removed and she committed 400 million
pounds to this removal we then found out
a couple of days later that actually
this 400 million pounds was being taken
from affordable housing budgets so even
when progress is made the government is
is not taking housing seriously the only
way that people are going to get safety
is if other people elsewhere don't get
social housing bill and we've seen you
know incredibly from the grenfell United
who are an organization of survivors
from the tower and bereaved family
members they fought extremely hard to
request that the same cladding use that
grenfell be banned and the government
review said that they didn't recommend
banning this cladding so even when
people are directly affected are asking
for very clear specific things we're
just not seen political well will on any
level that actually matches the severity
of this of this tragedy jb on youtube
says chelsea has a surplus of 1 +
billion
is the the burrower in which Granville
is in they don't want to fix the problem
I don't need symbolic celebrations a
year ago when we were doing the first
stream show about the Granville Tower
and the community Zain we asked what do
you need right now a year on what does
the community need right now so I think
for me you know one of the one of the
positives that's come out of this
tragedy is is something that has been
mentioned already it's how communities
have been able to structure and really
organize themselves and I'm just going
to mention just as how how far as to
they they've managed to do that we've
talked about Gwen feel United and how
survivors have come together believe
families that come together to really
spearhead the fight for justice for
themselves we also have heard about
organisation called Greenville speaks
which is taking and which is taking the
the reality of making sure that
everything to do with green flow is
documented in terms of media and that's
a community member one other thing I
want to talk about is actually when
communities came together and pull
themselves together and ensure that the
support and provision and resources were
available to the survivors something
amazing happened what what happened was
that those voices were able to then be
projected of much larger platforms for
example the brain film was some response
unit which is made up of several
charities such as Muslim aid Islamic
Health Islamic Relief National zakat
foundation and as this foundation and I
mean foundation right we're seeing now
that these organizations can now sit on
a government level and actually advise
government ministers and individuals as
to how to deal with UK tragedies because
you know the UK spends a tremendous
amount of money abroad on humanitarian
aid but when grenfell happened we
realized that actually hold such a good
point of delivering when it comes to
tragedies and it's just it just didn't
make sense how can we send tremendous
amount of money abroad and deal with
tragedies aboard yeah but when it
happens and the richest borough in six
richest world I think in the world
you know we're helpless that's
interesting I want to go to Richard
Bergen he's the justice spokesperson for
the Labour Party and he's based in the
UK we asked him about his thoughts one
year on the anniversary of the Grenville
tower coming down this is what he told
the stream he asked me were most
optimistic about I am optimistic that
the British public will keep supporting
the survivors in their struggle for
justice because recently more than
150,000 people signed a petition and
forced to debates in Parliament in
support of Justice regretful I'm
confident that such support will be
maintained until the truth is uncovered
and until justice is finally done back
of the power of the community is
extraordinary
Londoners get together a lot and they
help each other a lot but the power of
the community pushing this issue and
helping people to actually find the way
to talk to their local councils
pressurise what they want what have you
seen that actually made you think we
actually do have agency well I think as
sane as describes and far better than I
can the kind of the kind of community
solidarity and just organizing what
people needed I'm a serious disaster you
know a kind of state level disaster
response was totally remarkable and I
think we see this actually not just in
North Kensington but elsewhere in London
and in the country as well which is that
when residents know that there are
safety issues or any kind of issue with
the place that they're living they are
the experts of their own lives they know
and they organize there was the grenfell
Action Group who were a member of the
network that I work for they predicted
that there would be some kind of safe
some huge safety problems they in fact
predicted a fire and several months
before it happened and that's because
they paid diligent attention to what was
going on where they lived
and they fought extremely hard I hate
using trust the residents trust them
before trust them now especially Becker
sailesh Zane and missus Marmaduke thank
you so much for being part of this
special stream on the anniversary of the
falling of the Granville Tower
and the fire I'm going to leave you with
images of the Granville tower as it
looks right now lit up in memorial of at
least 72 people were died a year ago
thanks for watching
you
