the almost 100 year old American Civil
Liberties Union or ACLU is joining
what's known as the resistance
grassroots activism against Donald Trump
since Trump's election scores of groups
have been formed into that resistance
the goal is to thwart the Republican
Party through direct action and the
ballot box
we're throwing down about the issues we
care deeply about it's not simply to
litigate them and find them in court and
to let a Justice or a judge decide it's
also to employ people to fight for them
in every other possible arena that we
can money is pouring in for the ACL
u--'s campaigns to protect migrants
rights and preventing Republicans from
enacting vote suppression policies the
ACLU gathered thousands in Washington
this week to receive what's called
resistance training and hear from
progressive leaders such as senator
Elizabeth Warren
but Warren's presence at the ACLU
conference illustrates the
contradictions of the resistance Warren
is against corporate political donations
that lead to corruption inequality and
helped make Trump attractive to voters
sick of the establishment
in the first place but the ACLU is a
staunch defender of money in politics
arguing that it's constitutionally
protected free speech the ACLU is a
political organization it's not a
partisan organization it's a reminder
that the resistance is in fact a diverse
set of groups with different interests
from the progressive left to Wall Street
billionaires and there's a fear that
some groups presenting themselves as the
resistance are just the establishment
trying to reclaim their power from Trump
Jeff Weaver was Bernie Sanders campaign
manager during the 2016 presidential
campaign there was clearly a real
failure on the part of many parts of the
Democratic establishment and elements
that support the Democratic
establishment in opposing Trump I mean
he's in the White House you know you
really should look at you know not only
are they resisting Trump in his
outrageous agenda but are they offering
the type of alternative which is gonna
make this country better in the post
Trump USA it's important to scrutinize
who is claiming to be part of the
resistance
and what precisely they represent she
avert and see al Jazeera Washington
