their life in exile is about to end it's
been five years since they arrived in
Lebanon the Ramadan family is preparing
to return to Syria now that the war is
winding down our house is still standing
it needs some repairs but it is better
than living in a tent and our relatives
told us our village now has electricity
and water some three thousand Syrians
will be leaving the border town of our
cell mainly to the kalamoon region just
behind the mountains it will be the
second batch of voluntary returns in
recent weeks many complain about what
they describe as unbearable conditions
in the camps mr. Foreman no we are
paying for rent electricity garbage
collection all from the $27 each person
gets a month from the UN it's not enough
that's why we want to go home the United
Nations refuses to organize returns it
says conditions are still not suitable
many of the refugees
escaped political persecution when they
left Syria and there is a need for
security guarantees allowed the
goodliness we all want to return but
conditions need to be put in place the
people from kalamoon have a different
situation than ours
some of their family members are still
there in our town kosair the population
as a whole was displaced everyone should
be able to return with guarantees the
estimated one and a half million Syrian
refugees in Lebanon have been an
economic burden officials here would
like to see more returning home as more
opposition areas come under government
control but there are problems many of
the refugees do not have homes to return
to towns and villages have been reduced
to rubble by the fighting and the
international community is withholding
reconstruction money it is using it as
leverage to force the Syrian government
into making political compromises that
may not happen soon and that is
concerning refugees because some
Lebanese politicians are making life
more difficult for them they want to
cancel the refugee status of those who
travel to and from Syria classifying
them as economic migrants I am NOT
wanted by the Syrian government for
wrongdoing but if I go back now I have
no way of feeding my children I may have
little choice Lebanese security is
refusing to renew my residency papers
they say I should go back human rights
groups say there have been cases of
refugees being pressured Lebanon denies
forcing anyone to leave that may be true
for the Ramadan family who like others
want to return and to escape the life of
misery in these camps but they still
worry about a life of misery in Syria
where there are fears about safety and
economic security Zeneca dar al Jazeera
arsal northeast Lebanon
