there was a surreal reality to much of
the Singapore summit it got particularly
strange before President Donald Trump's
news conference can history mean change
when journalists were shown what some
thought was North Korean propaganda a
new world in fact it was a video
produced by the White House offering a
vision of what North Korea could be like
if it sticks to its promises prosperous
and engaged with the outside world we
need to be open that was a version of
what could happen what could take place
as an example they have great beaches
you see that whenever they're exploding
their cannons into the ocean right if I
said boy look at that would that make a
great condo in the Chinese city of
Dandong that faces North Korea there are
plenty of new condos they were mostly
empty when we were there early last year
but now many have been sold a symptom of
the easing tensions but Trump says the
tough UN sanctions China has been
enforcing against its neighbor will
remain so investors are unlikely to be
rushing across the border just yet it's
way too early to think about investment
from my perspective into North Korea but
indeed North Korea's as a country of
some 25 million South Koreans maybe 50
million but it is an impoverished state
so I think the first investment when we
ever get to that stage will be about
infrastructure for North Korea's leader
Kim jong-un economic rather than nuclear
development appears to be his priority
his unorthodox tour a Monday night
offering a glimpse of a potential future
for his impoverished State Singapore
which has been on show for the past few
days has one of the world's most
successful economies 40 years ago when
China was just starting to open up its
leader dung shopping paid a visit
marveling at what he saw Kim jong-un
appears to have been equally impressed
Adrian Brown al Jazeera
Singapore
