my name is Steve Scalise and I'm working
in maintenance of the Sydney Opera House
I arrived in Australia in 1964 I was 19
years old and I come to work quarter
past 5:00 every morning for the last 50
years I was in love with the upper house
1968 I start on this beautiful building
the icon of the Australia I come from a
small island South Greece my face job
when I start here was in a Drama Theatre
when they finished that I star on the
scaffolding we had a lot of Greeks or
Italians from Ireland I met my wife and
we marinated 69 the same year I start
here of course we got the upper house I
was in love with the Opera here soon
three core of the building on water on
the sea the material they put that time
there was no last for long
I saw the concrete to suffer with the
cancer and the bronze to change the
color and I remember my grandmother they
used to do the floor with a casting soda
I said to my wife
get me a packet of baking soda and I
have a look cause the Congress girl
looks fine and then after I was thinking
about the bronze my grandmother I used
to have it
acute a was bronzed cubes they get a rag
with the olive oil and I make a symbol
they was very impressed you come to work
not to pass you time you come to work to
enjoy the beautiful building she's hard
to put in my mind I'm gonna leave the
job I'm 73 now I've got three grandchild
been waiting for me every day I wish we
find the right people to in between you
to protect the building gently with
their love because I love this building
