the e3 expo is always a kaleidoscope of
color clamor and crowds eager to
experience the newest in cutting-edge
electronic entertainment this year
everyone is talking about fortnight the
massively popular multiplayer battle
royale game
I'm just madly in love with it all the
dances and moves and battle royale is my
favorite mode if you're a parent you've
probably seen your kids playing
fortnight non-stop if you are a
millennial you're probably playing it
right now I'd say spend more time than I
should yeah I probably spent a few
hundred hours and the time I played it's
hard to keep track
game industry professionals say
fortnight could be if you'll excuse the
pun a game-changer right now it's hot
like everyone wants to get in on the
Battle Royale genre you know the last
player standing genre I think like the
the coolest thing about fortnight is the
fact that it's cross-platform play you
know so when you're playing on mobile
you could be going up against someone
who's on PC or console this year's e3
features plenty of the game industry's
bread-and-butter bullets bombs and blood
this is Ubisoft take on Homer's epic The
Odyssey a new addition to its Assassin's
Creed franchise forget the poetry bring
on the gore it's kind of going back to
the very gun heavy really like I saw
some stuff that's just ultra violent but
there are other games that reflect the
times we live in there's an amazing game
on my vocal bury me my love which is
it's the story of a Syrian refugee you
play the Syrian refugee texting his wife
as she travels across Europe video games
don't get the artistic respect that
recorded music and films do the gaming
industry has already long surpassed the
recorded music and the cinema industry
in terms of revenue as a source of
entertainment and huge new markets for
electronic entertainment are opening up
in China and the developing world Rob
Reynolds al-jazeera Los Angeles
