it was only bad weather that prevented
roaring from featuring in the first
modern Olympics in Athens in 1896 it's
been a mainstay of every game since 1900
introducing women in 1976 modernizing
and adapting to changing times and
technologies the Olympic movement itself
also needs to stay with the times
introduced into these games four new
events including sport climbing being
part of the Olympic movement means where
one of the sports which government
departments national bodies include in
their programs and that means we advance
more easily especially countries in
which the sport is not so well developed
sharif is a world champion sport climber
from france too old for these games but
here in Buenos Aires as an athlete role
model because let's say while ago we
starting the montains and then we came
in the city to Train and now there are a
lot of gyms and I love training places
and a lot of climbing walls so that
anybody right now can practice more
climbing it's a fast growing sport which
has for many years been campaigning to
be included as an Olympic event being an
Olympic sport means that you've arrived
you're in the limelight with all the
television exposure and prestige that
that brings with it but first of all you
have to prove yourself amongst the
established Olympic sports and that's
done here at the Youth Games Olympic
Games are constantly evolving the
organizers say to stay relevant
while sports such as cricket croquet
tug-of-war and underwater swimming have
been discontinued new ones like this
have replaced them as Allen Greenlee
it's incredible I don't have the words
it's just incredible
we're the first and will go down in
history Sebastiaan said he aims to win
gold and returning to Columbia as an
Olympic medalist would be a boost to
both his own career and the sport of BMX
meanwhile the organizers hope the
inclusion of new sports will keep the
Olympics relevant as a major sporting
event for the generations of athletes
and spectators to come daniel Schwein
there aljazeera when Osiris
