throughout South Korea voters are going
to the polls these elections for mayors
and councils are local but a day after
the Singapore summit many voters have
international diplomacy on their minds
and president moon jae-in's ruling party
could benefit he deserves a credit for
starting this whole process you see I'm
concerned that the ruling party is
becoming too powerful and that's not
good
just as Trump and Kim are back home now
presenting their achievement as a win so
moon also has a lot to gain the whole
thing has been driven by the domestic
political reasons by three important
players Kim jong-un and Iran Donald
Trump and president moon as well so
absolutely here in Seoul domestic
politics is very important moon's policy
of friendly engagement remains popular
with majority support but the summit
deal also has fierce critics
conservative parties and the right-wing
media have attacked Trump's suspension
of military exercises between u.s. and
South Korean forces as a concession that
gets nothing in return and they claim
this summit deal is far worse than
previous one signed by the North Koreans
that they've renamed on anyway also
concerned about the canceled military
drills is Japan we believe the US South
Korean military drills are vital for the
security of Northeast Asia I would like
to see an understanding of this between
Japan the u.s. and South Korea for North
Korean defectors like choke young ill
opinions are divided one of 30,000 who
live here he believes the country he
left is finally changing today the
actions they took before the summit
shows their willingness for change we
will have to see how they implement the
declaration what happens next it seems
will be the true test of whether this is
a deal of substance Rob McBride al
Jazeera so
