in arrivin musclemen knows it was the
final presidential debate maybe the last
chance for Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador
rivals to land a blow against the
overwhelming front-runner
they tried nothing seemed to stick yoga
good but then go again it's not my fault
that you're tied at the bottom and you
think in the debate you're going to get
back thirty points I understand you're
desperate but calm yourself mid the
bickering key issues were raised the
country's monstrous inequality and the
poverty in which more than 50 million
Mexicans are trapped for second place -
Ricardo Anaya the answer would be a
monthly payout for all Mexicans the
third-placed Jose Antonio Meade better
access to education all the candidates
said the public money could be rustled
up for their plans by stamping out
official corruption and inefficiency the
front-runner in particular insisted that
government corruption was at the root of
all of Mexico's problems but his only
strategy to eradicate it seems to be
leading by example in general Mr Lopez
Obrador
who's on his third presidential run has
ambitious plans but is providing few
policy details
he's been reticent for example on what
he'll do to a still fresh reform of the
energy sector or if he'll cancel a new
13 billion-dollar airport that's worried
many particularly business leaders but
others see the leftist populist as an
outsider they're willing to take a
chance on well if they've been repeating
that la persona is still a danger and
that he's totally unpredictable and it
seems to be basically lost salvus now it
doesn't seem to do any damage at all and
I think that's got to do with with the
electrode also being fed up of every
party and we say let's give these guys a
chance now now there are less than three
weeks to Election Day the result that
barring major surprises seems
increasingly inevitable John Holman al
Jazeera Mexico City
