it's been a green wave that has taken
over Argentina with one demand to
decriminalize abortion Victoria Wuornos
is an artist who says she had an
abortion in a country where you can
spend up to four years in prison if
found guilty of terminating a pregnancy
women terminate pregnancies anyway it
doesn't matter if it's legal or not our
grandmothers did this
great-grandmother's up till the present
day and so the problem is that if the
state doesn't take responsibility we're
going to continue having young women who
are dead in Argentina it is estimated
around half a million abortions are
carried out every year hundreds of women
many of them poor have died because of
it in 2014 around 50,000 women according
to the Health Ministry had to be treated
in a hospital because of botched
abortions I wanted to be legal because I
understand that the people who are the
most affected the most vulnerable are
the poorest women the ones with the
least amount of resources because this
is more than just about economic
resources this is also about access to
information on Wednesday Argentina's
Congress will vote for the first time
whether to legalize abortion the
Catholic Church and Pope Francis who is
Argentinian
have stepped up efforts to influence the
boat there is a belief of the power the
church has to take votes away in every
province to mobilize Catholic schools in
the streets to excommunicate them
and that's why activists who support
abortion rights have taken to the
streets center-right president Mauricio
Macri says he is in favor of debate and
he would not veto a measure even though
he personally does not support abortions
this public debate has increased the
social visibility of this problem this
makes it easier for us in the Health
Ministry and regional offices to speak
seriously about sexual education in
schools educate about contraception
Family Planning so we can definitely
prevent abortion which is not a solution
for anyone for anything thousands of
people who are for and against the
abortion bill are expected to
demonstrate on Wednesday it is a vote
that has divided the country and even
though its outcome is expected to be
close it has forced Argentina to debate
on an issue that has not been talked
about for far too long
darris aho al Jazeera Buenos Aires
