the agreement between Prime Minister
Zoran Ze'ev and Alexis tsipras is the
fruit of six months of negotiation that
ends a 27 year standoff between their
countries both men heralded the deal as
a new era for the whole of southeastern
Europe renamed Suvarna Macedonia the
Republic of northern Macedonia Greece's
neighbor takes a step closer to EU and
NATO membership fishing for Nia look at
that liquor man in the agreement that
we've reached and all the neighbors have
nothing to do with the ancient Greek
civilization of Macedonia and cannot
claim any connection to it in the future
some Arsenal will hope Shawmut stuff I
call on all citizens to seize the future
25 years of being stuck is enough many
generations have been lost
Macedonia must go forward and be equal
with the west to compete with them and
to have the same quality of life the
heart of the dispute is a question of
identity Slav Macedonians have lain
claim to ancient Macedonian heritage
since world war ii the greeks see that
as a vital component of their own sense
of nationhood and cultural heritage so
the agreement makes it clear that
Severna Macedonia is a Slav nation not a
forgotten tribe of the ancient Greeks
the Macedonian language will be
described as Slavic and passports will
state nationality as Macedonian from
Severna Macedonia both governments say
they've defended their red lines but the
hard work now begins of convincing their
peoples to accept the compromises Greece
will no longer hold a monopoly on the
word Macedonia and Greece as northern
neighbours cannot claim to be the
descendants of Alexander if all goes
according to plan Greece will recommend
that the European Union open accession
talks with Savannah Macedonia at a
meeting of foreign ministers in - each
time it'll do the same at a NATO summit
next month the pressure will then be on
the Zayat government to approve the
agreement in a referendum and pass
constitutional amendments in Parliament
Greece would then ratify the agreement
by the end of the year and Severna
Macedonia could theoretically hope to
join the EU and NATO next year john
psaropoulos al jazeera athens
