there was plenty of unprecedented things
happening here but this was a pretty big
one we will be stopping the war games
which will save us a tremendous amount
of money unless and until we see that
the future negotiation is not going
along like it should but we'll be saving
a tremendous amount of money plus I
think it's very provocative those words
have never been uttered by a US
president who in the past have called
the massive drills with South Korea
defensive and military exercises war
games provocation that is what the North
Koreans call this many in the Pentagon
and South Korea were shocked at the
concession and experts say that might
have a real-world impact
there's unexpectedness and
unpredictability that comes along with
the Trump administration that could make
them turn to alternative operation where
effectively South Korea and Japan decide
to develop their own nuclear weapons
because they feel like they can't depend
on the US nuclear umbrella any more the
political reaction was largely split
along the political divide even the most
hawkish Republicans holding back
criticizing the president
I don't think canceling a warrant a war
game is going to matter over the arc of
time the one thing that I would
violently disagree with is removing our
troops Kim jong-un is a butcher and he
is a butcher of his own people and
trying to reason with someone like that
is like trying to hand feed a shark
doesn't mean you can't do it but you get
to do it very very carefully
Democrats we're less supportive I have
to be honest with you this is the
weakest statement I have ever seen come
out of any engagement with North Korea
much less at the highest ranking of the
President of the United States meeting
with Kim jong-un what the United States
has gained is vague and unverifiable at
best what North Korea has gained however
is tangible and lasting it's not clear
if this will change anything over the
long term for the relationship but it
will change what these military
exercises are called in the future
octave wargames even the US president
thinks so
patty Colleen al-jazeera Washington
