for four days they've been aboard the MS
Aquarius relief at being rescued short
lived now uncomfortable in the searing
Mediterranean heat the rescue ship
denied court access in Italy overcrowded
and with supplies running low has been
directed to Valencia in Spain two
Italian naval vessels will take on four
hundred of the six hundred and
twenty-nine migrants and refugees that's
what the Italian government now sees as
the extent of its cooperation with NGO
rescues at sea for far-right leader and
new interior minister Matteo salvini it
is an election promise made good Italy
he has said will no longer than Europe's
refugee camp I'm happy to be able to
give the Italian people the first piece
of what they asked for salvini is
Italy's new strongman leading the charge
with his anti-establishment coalition
partners the five star movement and
basking in high approval ratings for it
what is astonishing in this despite
being judges populist this policies are
also very popular in Italy there is any
tremendous amount of people when these
days of saying yes we have to close the
borders yes we have to control the
access of immigrants yes we have to send
them back home the timing isn't
coincidental there's an EU meeting at
the end of June that will consider
changing the rule that asylum must be
claimed in the country of first entry
it's that rule that has put Italy on the
front line of Europe's migration crisis
Italy's treatment of those aboard the
Aquarius is notice served that the rules
at sea are also changing each state has
the right to manage his boundaries but
this should not put into that the
human rights our deepest concern is that
if the rescue capacity will be weakened
by different policies by different
arrangements this the risk this journey
might become even more risky men women
and children will continue to make the
crossing from North Africa to southern
Europe at the hands of unscrupulous
people smugglers they probably won't be
told that it just got much harder and
more dangerous
Jonah hull al-jazeera Rome
