the US and Turkey reportedly have proof
saudi journalist jamal keshavjee
was murdered his body cut up in the
Saudi consulate in Istanbul diplomatic
pressures are now increasing and
businesses are getting nervous and
pulling out deals with Saudi Arabia so
what does it mean for the oil-rich
country this isn't our story
welcome to the program I'm Imran Khan
it's been 10 days since journalist Jamal
keshavjee went missing in Turkey us and
Turkish officials have now been quoted
saying they have proof the Saudi critic
was killed inside his country's
consulate in Istanbul outrage over the
case has been widespread and it's
threatening to destroy Saudi Arabia's
image makeover our guests are here to
discuss that but first a report by
Stephanie Decker from Istanbul
they are explosive allegations the
Washington Post quotes Turkish and US
officials confirming that Turkey has
audio and video recordings that prove
shimakaze was killed inside the Saudi
consulate you can hear his voice and the
voices of men speaking Arabic an
anonymous source tells the paper you can
hear how he was interrogated tortured
and then murdered another source says
men could be heard beating Hisashi this
is a crime that torture happens and that
killing can happen at a minimum and of
course disappearance and if the manure
assassinated inside embassy and they
would also be responsible for
extrajudicial executions so there's
possibility it's clear for the Kingdom
of Saudi Arabia it is for them to reveal
his fate and his whereabouts at this
time Saudi Arabia has remained silent
since its initial statement the Haji
left the consulate shortly after he
arrived and that the accusations of
murder are baseless but revelations that
Turkey has audio and video evidence of
what is alleged to have happened is
ramping up pressure on the kingdom if
true it would explain why Turkey was so
quick to conclude that Jamal Kozlowski
was killed inside that consulate but it
also raises questions as to how Turkey
had access to what exactly went on
inside the diplomatic mission anchors
been using Turkish and foreign media to
get its message out feeding through a
steady stream of leaks of what appears
to have been an unprecedented sequence
of events of a well-known and
well-connected Saudi journalist who
returned to the consulate to finalize
paperwork in order to
married never to RIA merge I was
horrified because he assured me when we
were in London that there was nothing to
be concerned about he said on Friday he
had been to the consulate they received
him very well although they were
initially surprised to see him and
promised them if he came back again a
few days later they would issue him with
the papers he was after so he felt it
was ok but apparently they prepared a
trap for him on Thursday night Turkey's
presidential spokesman said they had
agreed to set up a joint working group
at the request of the Saudis to
investigate the disappearance of mr.
Haji the Saudi delegation has arrived in
Turkey on Friday for that purpose
turkeys been waiting to search the
consulate and also the home of the Saudi
Consul General they need the Saudis
permission to do so but it seems if the
latest reports are true that the Turks
already know exactly what happened to
Jamarcus Raja it's definitely Decker or
Jazeera Istanbul let's bring in our
panel in Washington DC
Sigurd Noi Bauer a non-resident fellow
at Gulf International Forum in London
Gilberto a professor in Development
Studies and international relations at
the School of Oriental and African
Studies part of the University of London
and here in Doha Mohammed Sheikh Aoi a
professor of conflict resolution at
George Mason University welcome to you
all
let's start with you Mohammed it seems
almost on a daily basis that either the
Turkish or the American authorities are
releasing new information the latest
being that there are audio and video
recordings say the Turks of the alleged
murder and the Americans say there is
audio at least of the plot being
discussed now what's behind the Saudis
have a strategy all they seem to be
doing is when they have responded is
issuing blanket denials what's behind
the strategy there well there is this
irony that the Turkish intelligence the
Turkish
history of interior did not give us any
indication where the investigation has
gone so far in the meantime the Turkish
media is doing this role is assuming
this responsibility and decide at the
same time I think there are two
parallels here one is security
intelligence investigation that has been
suppressed by politics and there is the
other party which is basically the hot
lines between Riyadh and Ankara in order
to find an exit or a kind of discourse
but I know they're not doing that are
they that's the problem the Saudis don't
seem to be responding to what Ankara is
trying to get them to do which is find a
way out of this well it seems to me that
the complexity of hajji case is more as
wider than what we expect I think we
should understand the ramifications
either in economic diplomatic and
strategic dimensions and I think now
Turkey is part of this triangle Riyadh
Ankara Washington where we lose facts we
are all basically faced by this
open-ended scrutiny and I don't think
that we have seen it yet in other words
I think there is a process of
negotiations and I think the Saudi
wealth is significant in the eyes of our
Dogon in the eyes of Trump and then I
think the financial suppresses facts
well let's take a look at that with one
of our other guests from Washington DC
now it's cigarette annoy Bauer is Saudi
Arabia too big to fail let me begin by
saying that Jamal Hawk is a close friend
and colleague and he was very close to
or is hopefully are very close to many
in Washington's policy community and
every time that we had an inquiry or an
or a question about what is happening in
in the Gulf region and in Saudi Arabia
in particular we would always consult
with him and he would very gracefully
share his insights and his ideas with us
so this story has really hit us very
hard here in Washington he knew a lot of
people here and a lot of people are now
stepping forward to speak on his behalf
and and this is such an emotional story
that of course intersects with
geopolitics
and regional dynamics but asked to your
question I think that because this Indyk
investigation is ongoing a lot of the
drip-drip sleek's that we are seeing so
far do not look favorable to to the
Saudi side that is for sure but I think
that we still have to see how the
Turkish response is because president
Erdogan sits on all the evidence and we
don't quite know as of yet what his
objective is this is objective to
balance on one hand to bring out the
truth of what happened or what may have
happened to to Ashok G or is this a
priority to balance between Washington
and Turkey on one hand and we have seen
that reports are coming out that Pastor
Bruton will be returning to United
States he was a political prisoner for
all practical purposes in in Turkey and
that seems to be coinciding with this
joint Saudi Turkish investigation so
there are a lot of pieces that are
unfolding as of now a lot of moving
parts let's bring in Gilbert H Carr here
what do you think of the Saudi strategy
so far issuing blanket denials saying
that the cameras weren't working are
they managing to sell their side of the
story successfully no it's obvious that
they are in an extremely difficult
situation that has been a gigantic
miscalculation I'm sure they I mean they
didn't have or whoever ordered this did
not have any expectation that it would
take such proportions and as I think it
was Aram's in in The Washington Post
quoting very aptly this famous saying
from the from French history it's worse
than a crime it's an error and that
means that very cynically put States
commit a lot of crimes but when they do
them
in under conditions leading to such a
major crisis this is you know a terrible
terrible blunder so I can't see any real
way out of that because unless of course
I mean the miracle happened and
keshavjee would re-emerge alive which
seems to be completely excluded so some
doubt there from from Gilbert ash car
some some downtime from Gil - car about
whether there is a way out sorry to
disturb you that but it's a very
important point I want to follow up on
Mohammed Chicago what is the the Saudis
to do did they realize if this indeed is
proved to be true did they realize quite
huge America shocked she was I think
they make two mistakes one the
underestimated the personality and the
PR around her shoe she to them it was
another sound a citizen who can be
eliminated easily second mistake was
they forget that this is a new age of
politics and I think they are developing
their own Lockerbie scandal in other
words total denial and then drip drip a
little and it may last for a year a year
or two before they acknowledge what they
did like what adavi did back in the you
know 90s so we are not going to have
some moral politics coming or at least
they are not going to assume
responsibility at the same time I think
now it's more of a global crisis it's
not just about her sugar I think what it
reveals is about how the power of
Mohammed bin Salman the crown prince has
picked and I think if we consider the
her chakra case and the Aramco
controversial decision six weeks ago I
think to me now his power is in decline
and I think he will disappear from the
screen forward I'm not sure that there
is strong or in there is enough pressure
to aside him or to know marginalize him
but he is not going to have the same
clout he used to have
back in 2017 and early 2018 let's bring
back in Gilbert oh you heard the
assessment there perhaps the only way
out of this for Saudi Arabia is some
sort of removal in some way of the crown
prince is that something do you think
the Saudis would ever consider yeah well
that's actually what I was going to say
before you you interrupt me it is
precisely I mean this comes at the time
when you had rumors about a possible
dismissal of the crown prince rumors
about the fact that his father was
rather unhappy with the results of what
he's done and actually if you make a
balance sheet of everything is done it's
a terribly negative terribly I mean a
balance sheet or a failure
so I mean one could expect under such
conditions and knowing that the rest of
the family in the Saudi Kingdom that the
royal family is quite unhappy with her
this this turn that the whole turning of
event we we I wouldn't be surprised if
anything happened like this if nothing
happened of this kind that means that
the crown prince is completely in
control of her of the of the the
situation in the kingdom well let's take
a look now at the latest of what's going
on what the crown prince is actually was
up to the keshavjee case has prompted
some big names to distance themselves
from Saudi Arabia Richard Branson the
founder of the Virgin Group has
suspended two directorships on Saudi
tourism projects and talks over a space
venture former US energy secretary
Ernest Moniz is backing away from the
crown prince's megacity dream project
Neil
and the New York Times has pulled out as
a media sponsor of an investment summit
June Riyadh in two weeks the Los Angeles
high and the Huffington Post
are also giving the event a Miss the
world bank chief and key business
leaders from Viacom uber AOL HP
Incorporated are also staying away from
the conference the Saudi crown prince's
vision 2030 project seeks to radically
change the image of the kingdom but he's
been criticized over human rights issues
economic reforms and foreign policy
late last year many Saudi princes and
businessman were arrested on allegations
of corruption some of them were only
released by after after paying hefty
fines the highly anticipated listing of
the state-owned oil giant Aramco on
global stock markets has been put on
hold
a Mohammed bin Salman decided their
Saudi forces would join the war in Yemen
in Yemen backing the Yemeni government
three years on from the fight against
the Houthis it continues and it's led to
what the UN calls the world's worst
humanitarian disaster the blockade of
Qatar since last June by some Arab
countries was led by Saudi Arabia and
has split the Gulf Cooperation Council
causing regional instability now Jamal
keshavjee was on inside story earlier
this year here's a bit of what he told
us as he cautions the Crown Prince about
his ambitious economic reforms what is
budgeted for those project is something
about 700 billion dollars more than half
a trillion dollars and all what we have
right now in our assets in foreign
currency some 400 billions added that is
500 billions what if what if that money
goes to waste what if that with what of
the project changing to a white
elephants this is scary it's a scary
scenario that's why I would like to see
more check and balance in Saudi Arabia
so such adventures will not go unchecked
those ideas need to be checked by the
Saudi society because it is our future
or together Serge Ibaka Shoji they are
really talking about the need for
oversight on all of the mega financial
projects that are in place including
things like the neo
mega city project let me just bring in
Washington DC here and sigit know about
so yet clearly the u.s. is a massive
client of Saudi Arabia Trump says the
Rios president says that it's worth 110
billion dollars that was fact checked by
The Washington Post those deals haven't
quite been signed yet what's washing
turns reaction here is the Crown Prince
as Jamal keshavjee just said they're
running a shop will buy singly single
handedly or does he need much more
oversight than he's getting well we know
that when Crown Prince Muhammad rose to
power after he pushed out Muhammad bin
Nayef who was at the time the Crown
Prince and he forced him into retirement
for lack of a better term all of that
was contingent upon us support and once
that had once that had happened he left
the Kingdom for the first time in March
2018 to come here to United States to
tout himself as on one hand a reformer
but also on the other hand to lure
American businesses to Saudi Arabia but
what it really was about was that
Mohammed bin Salman felt that he had
direct support from President Trump and
his son-in-law Jared Kushner and that
they had helped push him forward to
become the de facto leader so that that
is the best that MBS made at the time of
course now that this Khashoggi affair is
playing out in the United States what
has happened is that the Khashoggi
affair has now become part of US
domestic politics so in other words
Democrats and those who oppose Trump and
his policies are now joining the anti
Saudi bandwagon and all the sudden Saudi
Arabia finds itself and across years of
America's messy and divisive politics
and that's a very dangerous place for
Saudi Arabia to be because of the
unpredictable state of American politics
at the moment and let me bring in your
basket
what delivering and Gilbert I hear
you've heard what our guest in DC had to
say that there is a danger to the
us-saudi relationship due to this affair
is that something you would agree with
I really doubt this very much I mean of
course you can't exclude I mean if
Congress if if there if the Republicans
if you have a real movement being built
up there and exerting real pressure that
might lead to some consequences but I
mean fundamentally the the Saudi Kingdom
is too big a prize for the United States
just to let it down for for for an issue
like this I mean it would take I think
much much more than that and actually I
can't see the kingdom itself continuing
without the the disc connection to the
United States the kingdom has for all
intents and purposes been a vessel of
the United States and this this this
this is going to continue let me bring
in Mohammed Sheikh Ali is it is it that
the u.s. simply has no options when it
comes down to Saudi Arabia that they
simply have to continue to keep doing
business as usual I don't think that
Washington has a linear view or
perspective I think this is a time where
the White House on the one hand and the
establishment on the other are debating
to what extent Saudi Arabia remains an
asset or maybe sometimes it turns into a
liability so to me I think there are
certain leaders in the Congress who are
looking to Saudi Arabia from the
perspective of liability that's why they
are now resistant more arms deals and
they are reconsidering the whole
us-saudi relations at the same time I
would like to summarize my point this is
a moment if we add the harsher decades
to the Aramco to the 23 and they are at
the war in Yemen and the escalation
toward Iran this is a moment of an
eclipse of the Saudi power regionally
and globally moreover I think it seems
to me that nobody would disagree with
the promise of modernity Mohammed bin
Salman promised the Saudis and the Gulf
nations
however his tactics are more of a
realpolitik makea villian ways therefore
he is now defeating himself by all these
errors and slanders in other words I
don't think that there is a room for
either absorbing or ignoring and I think
in international relations especially
between you know West European Americans
and our governments and so there we it
boils down to what profit you bring to
me either in diplomatic or financial and
I think Trump so far has defended
especially his statement yesterday he is
trying to preserve the one hundred and
ten billion dollar from investment from
Saudi Arabia but the question is can he
maintain this while the Congress and
other individuals even within his
administration are saying no we should
not kind of we should not invest too
much in the errors of Hamilton men and
then we will lose more in the long run
so it's a matter of wait and see and I
don't think that the international
relations of Saudi Arabia will remain
the same
the world they were two years ago let me
bring in Sigourney Bauer here what we're
hearing there is that there is a
us-saudi relationship which is crucial
and that needs to continue but does the
US Crown Prince relationship need to
continue is that what the real problem
is well let me just clarify I agree with
what was said by the my two fellow
panelists here that the us-saudi
relationship will prevail and added a
strategic but what is different now
compared to the 9/11 attacks in 2001 is
that what President Bush at it at the
time made a strategic decision to
preserve the us-saudi strategic
partnership even at that very difficult
time he had both political parties
behind him what has happened this time
is that the opposition to President
Trump calls himself resistance and they
will do anything once Democrats come
into power they will they will reverse
all Trump era policies and that could
have the
consequences for Saudi Arabia and I was
that was my initial point and that is
why Saudi Arabia is in a very
treacherous position right now back to
your question what what really are is at
stake here is that this is the
relationship between Saudi Arabia and
the United States it's not a
relationship between Trump and NBS it is
between the two states and it's between
the two people and to question us if if
the relationship just becomes defined by
personalities that could really
jeopardize the entire relationship going
forward and certainly on the economic
and security cooperation as we have seen
now that businesses are potentially
pulling out of pledged investments in
Saudi Arabia over over disks over this
let me just just stop you it does seem
to be a relationship based around
personalities you're the US president
Donald Trump and you have the Crown
Prince Mohammed bin Salman both very
large personalities both wanting to do
business on a personal level now what
we're seeing and what we're hearing is
that the Mohammed bin Salman is under a
tremendous amount of pressure right now
from within the US government not
necessarily within the White House so
where does this all go let me bring in
Mohammed Sheikh Ali right now is there a
way out of this that allows Mohammed bin
Salman to survive just very quickly I
think between the Aramco case and the
hishaku case we will see less presence
of Mohammed missile man in Tuscany in
other words capital is in Washington in
London and elsewhere will avoid dealing
with him directly they will go through
other channels so now I think King
Salman we remain re-emerge as the de
facto ruler at the same time I think
Hamid missile man has reactivated the
just debate so this is something that he
was not prepared for therefore I think
the US government Saudi relations will
be captive of this debate of politics
versus moral politics just versus other
you know constantly there we are running
out of time interesting thoughts from
you all I want to thank you
no Bauer Gilbert H Carr and Muhammad
Shekau II and thank you too for watching
you can see the program again any time
by visiting our website aljazeera.com
and for further discussion you can go to
our Facebook page that's facebook.com
/aj inside story and you can also join
the conversation on twitter our handle
is AJ inside story from me Imran Khan
and the whole team bye for now
you
