this is the largest refugee camp in the
world and this is its first major test
against nature the monsoon season has
begun in Kuta bolin camp in the last
three days 400 millimeters of rain has
fallen or two-thirds of the city of
london's annual rainfall and this is
what those rains have done to shelters
in the camp the big rooms a young Ranger
family who fled a military crackdown in
Myanmar last year must move again near
one of 1500 families displaced by
landslides and flooding because of the
rain all night yesterday evening the
hill wasn't steady anymore and it fell
onto the roof of our house we were very
afraid and people had to help us to get
out of our home my baby is just 10 days
old and it was in the cot when the earth
fell over him the Bangladesh government
and aid groups had traded this moment
since February they'd been in a race
against the weather how to protect 1
million revenue refugees living in tents
on the side of steep dirt banks from 3
months of torrential rain they relocated
nearly 30,000 of the most vulnerable to
flat land while improving the existing
shelters of nearly 200 thousand others
that left more than 700 thousand
revenger to come up with their own
solutions Jani Elam is one aljazeera met
him in March preparing for this moment
he used string and bamboo to build
defenses for his family the coordination
group for the camp's is now time is up a
home meant to provide safety and comfort
no a liability for an already
traumatized people many people live on
these hillsides on very steep slopes and
they're at very high risk of landslides
in just one area of the camp I
discovered almost 20 families have had
to be relocated and almost 30 houses
have been damaged due to landslides the
United Nations describes the revenger as
the world's most persecuted people
700,000 have fled violence in Myanmar
since August
UN called it ethnic cleansing now it's
nature's turn as the revenger are
victimized again Charlotte Bellis
al-jazeera
