Iran's leaders are still coming to grips
with the economic and political fallout
of the American exit from the 2015
nuclear deal and while they hope for the
best possible outcome from the summit in
Singapore they say they expect the worst
Iran wants peace and stability on the
Korean Peninsula Iran welcomes any step
towards boosting the welfare of the
people
but given the past record of the US and
president Donald Trump who has violated
international treaties especially the
2015 nuclear deal Iran remains deeply
pessimistic about Trump's intentions
North Korea should act with caution the
nature of the US government is not such
that one can be optimistic about it in
perhaps the clearest sign of Iran's
frustration last week supreme leader
Ayatollah Ali Khamenei ordered the
country's nuclear agency to get ready to
build more centrifuges and enrich more
uranium a warning for world leaders now
turning their attention to North Korea
as its nuclear deal falls apart
Iran intends on taking action Donald
Trump's approach to foreign policy is
very much rooted in power politics North
Korea already has a nuclear weapon it is
an ICBM it has tested a nuclear weapon
whereas Iran fortunately or
unfortunately depends on how you view it
it has even by the estimate of US
intelligence agencies has not gone down
the path of building a nuclear weapon
had Iran had a nuclear weapon I think
the game would have been completely
different with the trump administration
which actually respects power American
leaders have labeled Iran and North
Korea state sponsors of terror Trump
himself accused them of military
cooperation and Iran of funding the
North Korean government Iranian say
strategic ties with North Korea have
been exaggerated but the two countries
do have a relationship dating back to
the 1980s during the eight-year war with
Iraq Iranians were so desperate for
weapons they bought them from anyone
they could including North Korea fast
forward to the 2000s and whereas
President Barack
I tried to isolate North Korea and
embrace Ron Trump has flipped the script
pulling out of a deal with a signatory
to the nuclear non-proliferation treaty
and warming up to another country that
not only has a nuclear arsenal but has
also made direct threats against the
United States and its allies for Iran
perhaps the lesson is that in the long
run
America's affections are reserved for
nuclear-armed nations zanbar avi al
Jazeera Tehran
