I am fairly okay annual in the stream we
are live on YouTube what are the
questions that you ask when you go
shopping for new clothes as far as I'm
concerned do you have this in my size or
should I wait for it to go on sale
mm-hmm but how often do we stop to
consider the conditions faced by those
who stitch the item a series of recent
reports has highlighted abuse faced by
women in Asia making garments for some
of the world's biggest brands is this a
me-too moment for the fashion industry
I'm Malika Balad let us know your
thoughts through Twitter or the YouTube
live chat verbal and physical abuse
sexual harassment and overwork just some
of the experiences of women working in
factories making clothes for gap hmm and
Walmart a coalition of labor
organizations that includes Asia floor
wage Alliance and global labor justice
surveyed hundreds of women working in a
supply chain factories in Bangladesh
India Sri Lanka Indonesia and Cambodia
the coalition urged gap hmm and Walmart
to take immediate action to tackle what
they called the systematic exposure to
gender-based abuse that women face while
at work so about 80 percent of garment
workers worldwide are women that's
according to the World Bank and a large
number of women working in Asian
clothing factories are migrants via
reports of poor standards and gap in H&M
supply factories come as the brand's try
to stay ahead of consumer trends hmm
recently launched a range of modest
clothing aimed at shoppers looking for
less revealing clothing it follows a
2015 H&M campaign which broke the mold
by featuring a model wearing hijab but
some critics say H&M is just window
dressing when conditions and some of
their factories remain hostile to women
fashion writer and activist Hoda Kotb
tweeted just last week a new report from
global labor justice shows yet again
gender-based abuse in fast fashion this
time specifically at H&M and gap where
women are reporting sexual assault she
added it is especially disgusting
hmm tries to brand itself as inclusive
and Muslim friendly if you want to
support Muslims and people of color why
don't you start with your own factories
following the reports by global labor
justice and their affiliates hmm said
all forms of abuse or harassment are
against everything that hmm group stands
for H&M publishes data showing its
suppliers performance across a range of
metrics the surveys examined conditions
and factories wholly owned by H&M
suppliers as well as some sub contra
subcontractor facilities
workers rights are among the areas
assessed a gap runs a program to give
women in its supply factories better
employment opportunities like in the
case of Sujata here her promotion on the
factory floor inspired other members of
her family she's my younger sister I
don't want to be just like who
nevertheless the true cost a
fast-fashion is often borne by the
garment worker majority of whom are
women in this tweet the advocacy group
fashion revolution quotes an Indonesian
trade unionists knowing that the labor
cost of a t-shirt produced in Indonesia
is hardly 1% of the price it seems
logical that the labor cost can be
increased a bit but we want to hear from
you at home let us know what you think
with hashtag aj stream mommy
thanks so much Mallika so for more on
this I'm joined from the road in India
by sheikah silliman Abbott RG she is the
lead researcher at Asia floor wage
Alliance which joined with global labor
Justice to investigate conditions in H&M
gap and Walmart factories from Bangkok
Thailand we have Robina Huck she is
managing director of mohammadi group
that's a textile and real estate company
with more than 20,000 employees right
across Bangladesh from Geneva we are
joined by tena Randall Arjun she is head
of communications brand relationships
and country programs at better work
that's a program aimed at improving
working conditions and labor rights for
garment workers and in London we have
Sarah DT head of policy at fashion
revolution and that's a group that
advocates for better social and
environmental protections within the
fashion industry guess it is really good
to have you here I wanted to give our
international audience a sense of some
of the stories that we've been hearing
about garment workers in parts of Asia
this is Nobita she's in India and her
story was brought to us from the Asia
floor wage Alliance have a look one have
Amira's on board but the media
MasterCard other medical tavola many
moniker dia too much accompany data
Mnemosyne data an account data which we
made it
which we made yourself Cooper dad Tom
give me they belong to me
John system our hunger is Kasab gonna
come Caramba widget pants without a
period a mobile data border medicine it
is Tabernacle Optima to make on Duma
jardim accompany me let's get clear
Japan you can kiss me but down I'm just
thinking Sarah the the first time I
think consumers were really aware of
what happens after they buy their
clothes or before they buy their clothes
what the conditions might be like was
probably back in 2013 with a disaster
the Rana Plaza disaster where they could
see and they got a sense of how garment
workers are working how widespread is
this idea that it's not just about
safety but it's about welfare of workers
how bad is the situation well yeah
exactly right right when run a closet
happened back in 2013 that's when the
fashion revolution kind of organization
came together and that's really when the
movement was sparked and and really it
was a moment when we said enough is
enough
the conditions are so bad well across
the fashion industry that you know so
many people are losing their lives and
it's we've got to stand up and and we've
got to make a bigger noise and educate
more people you know mainstream everyday
people across the world about the
impacts of their clothing and and I
think um I think the fashion revolution
movement has been really successful in
reaching more people in raising their
awareness and educating them about the
social environment environmental impacts
of their purchases but there's there's
still a long way to go and especially
when it comes to some of the kind of
more entrenched issues you know safety
is one thing but talking about gender
riots and living wages they're a little
bit more complex issues and for an
everyday consumer
um I think they're very much still
getting to grip with what those things
actually mean and what their what their
actual impact is on on those issues so
let's dive into some of those complex
issues this is a tweet we got from Vivek
and sheikah I'll pass this over to you
Vivek says if you evaluate global
garment supply chains through a gender
lens you'll see loads of traces of toxic
masculinity and how the garment supply
chains are organized this is an
important antecedent to gender violence
chica you were the lead researcher for
this report that has us all talking now
what is it that you found that would
correspond to what this tweet says so
that actually really summarizes the core
of some of the findings that we present
in this study and we started our study
with really well-established definitions
of gender-based violence from
international law set out in CEDAW
recommendation number 19 where
gender-based violence is not just about
women being targeted because they're
women but also violence that
disproportionately impacts women and
what we have in the garment supply chain
is we have an 80% garment worldwide
women garment workers but on top of that
women are concentrated in the lower
casual temporary subordinate roles where
they're subjected to industrial
discipline practices that are driven by
fast-fashion demands where workers
managers and the small and medium term
enterprises are required to turn over
orders at a rapid pace that's constantly
accelerating so that we can get new
clothes on the rack
bhana the way that you run your
companies is almost a model for how
businesses get businesses can actually
operate but do you see that other people
let's just concentrate on Bangladesh are
not doing the same thing with their
garment workers for instance you have an
education program for your workers so
kids can go to school people have your
mobile phone number they can call you
what else are you doing for your workers
and when our workers now go to
university others win so we have a
special program for that as well
you see post 2013 since there was
reference to Rana Plaza Bangladesh has
gone through serious remediation
challenges and we face them you know
it's just not about fire electrical or
infrastructural security it's about in
general reformation of the entire
industry so even if we sort of you know
lack in a few respect there's no way we
can violate normal compliance
requirements so of course there are
exceptions to the rule of course there
will be rope factories but in general
because of one or two single factories
in general the whole country image
cannot and should not suffer so over
generalization perhaps is something that
we should all avoid I think Bangladesh
has learned it's lesson and I think we
are moving forward and of course
Bangladesh wasn't the only country
investigated in this piece I wanna play
a video comment we got from vivex under
Rajan
he's an international business lecturer
at the University of Birmingham and he's
travelling in India now through remote
villages talking to workers and and
women about what it is they're facing
here's what he told the stream of course
Browns business models in part want to
build such gender-based violence it's
all about speed in a government country
if one does anything that may slow down
the process like talking to friends or
standing idle they would be subjected to
abuse and in extreme cases violence
although the majority of the work goes
in these factories tends to be women
supervisors managers and owners tend to
be men
so the patriarchal system of society
extends the battery spaces as well Tara
you want to weigh in here he says that
you know the majority of workers are
women and the managers are men yeah in
our research and our work that we do
around the world we find very much the
same phenomenon I would agree
you know with the findings and the
reports that have been published that
this issue of sexually based violence
gender-based violence is pervasive
across the industry we see four out of
five workers in Indonesia for instance
are reporting concerns with sexual
harassment we see one in five workers in
Cambodia reporting similar concerns
there is there are power imbalances that
women are young the women are far from
home it's often their first jobs I'm in
the formal industry and they're
vulnerable they're responsible for
sending home money to their families
back home often their children are back
home as well so they're they're very
relevant findings but there is there is
change that can be done and it's about
helping to train the workers it's about
giving women the skills they need so
that they can start to move up they can
come into supervisory skills roles they
can start to gain the leadership skills
that they need they can gain voice they
can learn to speak to one another and to
share what their peers so we've seen
that the problem is pervasive but also
that there are very clear strategies for
how to start to address those problems
in a concrete way I want to be Alvar to
share with you some of the stories of
the garment workers that are in the
report and so that you can actually hear
their experiences this is radhika have a
listen to what radhika had to say
my bachelor visor came up behind me as I
was working on the sewing machine
yelling you're not meeting your target
production he pulled me out of the chair
and I fell on the floor he hit me
including on my breasts he pulled me up
and then pushed me to the floor again he
kicked me so she can't I have to tell
everybody that that is not Radhika's
actual voice we did put voice to some of
the reports that you got and the
feedback that you got from workers how
did you do the research because there is
some criticism about did you talk to a
lot of people or was it just a tiny
amount of people that you spoke to yeah
so as you may know documenting
gender-based violence is one of the most
challenging types of documentation that
you can do because first of all women in
workplaces fear retaliation if they come
forward and in addition to that their
social stigma surrounded by with these
experiences of violence in other cases
the violence is normalized so what we
did is we actually moved through three
successive research phases and all in
all this ended up including more than
898 workers employed in 142 garment
factories over the course of more than
four years so I think I'd be
hard-pressed I think people would be
hard-pressed to argue with the numbers
and the resilience of these findings
especially since they really are
corroborated by findings of numerous ILO
studies studies by Human Rights Watch
other sorts of studies as well but the
way that we worked actually is that we
held focus group discussions with women
from supplier factories for gap H&M and
Walmart that were facilitated by trade
union leaders and facilitated by people
where women felt that they could come
forward with these stories that's how we
collected the spectrum of violence that
we present in the reports the spectrum
of violence includes not only sexual
violence but as you mentioned physical
mental harm coercion threats retaliation
verbal abuse and then what we looked at
is from these stories and these stories
came from 150 women from 37 supplier
factories what were the risk factors
that expose these women to by
why were they not able in their words to
come forward and report and then we
documented the prevalence of those risk
factors among a much broader spectrum of
745 workers from additional 105
factories so what we really tried to do
was get the spectrum of violence in
place show detailed case studies of how
that violence how women are left at risk
of that violence and then contextualized
that in terms of the prevalence of those
risk factors subhana you're in a
position where you can ask the questions
and push back go ahead you know with due
respect the sample size is absolutely
insufficient
I mean Bangladesh alone has three
million-plus female garment workers I
mean if you're going across different
countries and just interviewing around
300 plus workers out of all the H&M
factories and only 200 plus workers from
all the gas factories and if you're if
won't start getting only brands specific
brands I think that's not really fair I
mean just 800 or 500 or 600 is not a
decent sample size for instance in from
Bangladesh in the H&M report you've only
interviewed a pea workers from six
factories which are all based in one
single belt of Australia so you know
even though the area the sample area is
also not definitely indicated because
Julia is a zone where there are usually
always eruption so what I would I would
what I just like to say is you know it's
time that we all come together and
instead of you know pointing fingers if
we could be more thorough about the
general conditions existing in the
industry and if we could all proactively
address that and instead of you know
blaming each other if we could it's the
instead of blaming brands instead of
blaming manufacturers if we could also
target increasing awareness of the
consumers who basically wear $1 t-shirts
and also activists who were wear $1
t-shirts and start you know protesting
in front of brands because it's easy to
attract bad bad press I don't think
that's the way we should be heading for
I think we should all be collaborating
we have resources to come together and
correct all the deficiencies that we
have instead of you know just coming out
with reports which interview 700 class
workers in this so many workers that you
have in the industry across so many
countries so I mean I am I fully
appreciate that you know you've done
four years of survey and in phases but
seriously I think we should all
concentrate more on getting more a
bigger sample size and also deal with
the factories directly point point out
all the all the deficiencies we have
incorrect them instead of you know just
all the generalizing the whole thing
just like come in here and you know
agree with that I think it's much less
about placing blame it's much less about
trying to document in which factories
and from which brands are sourcing in
which factories and it's much more about
saying this is a problem they were all
responsible for the approach that better
work is taking and better work as I to
mention is a program of the
International Labor Organization and the
International Finance Corporation which
is part of the World Bank Group the
approach that we take is that this is a
pervasive industry across all the
countries where we work and it's our
responsibility to treat each and every
worker each and every factory as if
there is education needed around
gender-based violence we're increasingly
rolling out sexual harassment prevention
training across all factories in all
countries in which we work I'm not
trying to identify which brand which
Factory but saying this is a partnership
approach that's needed it has to be
government's it has to be trade union
leaders it has to be manufacturers and
brands all coming together and starting
to acknowledge the problem there is a
culture of denial across all of those
groups that gender-based violence even
exists what we need to do is we need
these big these stigma I met with the
president of the Bangladesh garment
manufacturers and exporters association
last November you literally said that
sexual house
when doesn't exist in garment factories
in Bangladesh which pretty I mean it
definitely surprised me and we we
actually partnered last year just to
corroborate um with the global labor
justice report a little bit we did a
project with microfinance opportunities
last year did a financial data analyst
based in Washington DC again it was a
small sample size we're now scaling that
up to thousands of workers in Bangladesh
where we met so this project which
finished him earlier this year we
studied 540 garment workers in
Bangladesh Cambodia in India across
region so not just in Dhaka but in
different places in Bangladesh different
areas in Cambodia and different areas
around Bangalore and we found that 60%
of the garment workers have reported a
gender-based discrimination so it's
pretty surprising you raise about that
so I'm glad that you raised that I want
to just polish the spurred moment
because so many different solutions and
solution oriented ideas came up but I
want to bring up what our community is
talking about because this is their
number one solution this is price of
silence and it's what you mentioned
Urbana earlier labor rights in garment
manufacturing including fair living
wages gender protection leisure time
maternity rights paid sick leave cannot
be achieved without consumer solidarity
we got lots of people saying that same
thing but Zana here raises an issue she
says I try to wear clothes that are
ethically made there are a few options
for professional where I buy good
quality pieces so I can shop less
ethically made clothing is really
unaffordable especially for those who
have come to rely on a cheaper clothing
budget and just to complicate this a
little bit more there's one more comment
from oh so ethical who says our focus is
wrong too often the focus is on buying
ethical and fair trade to change the
system from within rather than accepting
that the system is flawed in itself and
discussing how to address capitalism and
neoliberal policies that perpetrate
exploitation is where our focus should
be Tara I know you wanted to jump in
there go ahead I just wanted to mention
that you know we can look glad to
last week's discussion at the
International Labour conference so last
week was a seminal moment where
governments employers and trade
unionists from around the world all came
together in Geneva and made the very
bold commitment to adopt a convention
condemning any form of violence or
harassment at work and this was
something that was unanimously agreed it
will be a binding instrument that is
approved next summer in in which all
countries who ratify this will then have
the responsibility to incorporate
legislation into their national laws let
me just lying with us tonight thank you
so much you've got two minutes left she
could very quickly make your point very
quickly go ahead quickly I just like to
say that H&M in Gap have taken these
reports very seriously and I'm so glad
you said that because that's what I
wanted to add in if I may let me just
know just they we asked them to respond
to the allegations in your report and
this is what gapps said here just a
little snip of what GAAP said we're
deeply concerned about the troubling
allegations raised by this report we are
committed to making sure that the people
who make our clothes work in safe
conditions and are treated with respect
H&M also sent us their response and they
said we will go through every section of
the report follow up on a factory level
with our local teams based on each
production country so sheikah are you
happy with that response do you feel
it's genuine and they will then look at
the workers conditions so what our
reports are arguing and what our demands
to the brand say is that we want them to
investigate but their own investigation
is not enough they need to investigate
working with the workers organizations
that brought these claims forward and
that brings us back to the claims of oh
so ethical and really what these reports
are about Tara just spoke to us about
the ILO convention discussion on the
convention and the recommendation hmm
and gap came out they were the first
global supply chain brands based on this
documentation to respond and come out
and support a black binding convention
it's when workers have their voices
projected into international
conversations she can get together with
consumers thank you so we can respond
and Tara a rabona and Sarah
I know there is so much more
conversation to be add we will take it
online at AJ's stream I just have enough
time to tell you about the show that
we'll be doing at the next episode of
the stream have a look here my laptop
we're going to be discussing one year
later is there justice for Grenville you
may remember that horrendous
fire of a block of flats and people were
trapped and so many people died what
questions do you have let us know at AJ
stream we're put them in the next
episode of the stream until then thank
you for watching Nico and I will see you
online
