no one was quite sure what to expect
from this summit it was a day laden with
history kim jong un's seemed almost
overwrought by the occasion for a time
the watching world wasn't even sure what
he and president Trump was signing act 1
in this diplomatic drama had begun
almost 5 hours earlier with the
handshake that may have changed the
course of history President Donald Trump
had said he'd know within a minute of
meeting Kim jong-un if he'd get on with
him so this was the moment he began
sizing him up the start perhaps of an
improbable relationship in improbable
times two nuclear-armed leaders one a
former real estate developer and reality
TV star the other an international
pariah speaking through an interpreter
Kim jong-un said the way here had not
been easy
the old practices and prejudices worked
against us but we are here now they met
at 9:00 a.m. local time in Singapore so
primetime viewing in the United States
experts around the world will be
studying these images frame by frame
looking for deeper meaning but no
answers to questions about where the Kim
will give up his nuclear weapons it is
only a few months ago that these two
leaders were hurling insults at one
another and threatening nuclear
annihilation but Kim who for security
reasons has barely stepped out of his
country since becoming leader spent just
under 40 minutes in a room with the US
president with just their interpreters
present later the two leaders were
joined by their advisors so far so good
Trump predicting that the two would have
tremendous success Kim told him that the
past had held the two sides back and
that these talks were a prelude to peace
but it's going to take more than just
one meeting to realize the verifiable
irreversible destruction of the North's
huge nuclear arsenal and Kim wants
something else a guarantee that the US
will not try to topple him if he disarms
but in the garden all seemed amicable as
the two leaders strolled and talked
together right now signing before that
though there was something Trump was
keen for Kim to see the inside of his
official limousine known as the Beast
some worry that this historic moment is
eclipsing North Korea's harsh human
rights history you know this is a
fundamental freedom this is a principle
of human existence and you know for
Donald Trump to say that Kim jong-un is
now a nice guy when he's got 120,000
people in gulags and the mountains it's
just not on few diplomatic encounters
have been so eagerly anticipated the
question now is whether all this will
prove to be more than just a photo
opportunity Adrian Brown al Jazeera
Singapore
