kuan burrows is one of the most
controversial bishops in chile for years
accused of being complicit in the sexual
abuse of children and that's why the
news didn't come as a surprise when the
Pope announced he'd accepted his
resignation and from two other bishops
in an unprecedented series of emergency
meetings in the Vatican last month 34
Chilean bishops offered to resign
because of their alleged links to the
cover-up of sexual abuse the Pope has
also accepted the resignations of bishop
Gonzalo who are devil Paraiso and wish
of Christian Garrow of Puerto Montt the
scandal revolves around father Fernando
Karima found guilty in a Vatican
investigation of abusing boys in
Santiago in the 1970s and 80s
now 87 and living in a nursing home
he's always denied any wrongdoing one of
his victims reacted on Twitter on Monday
saying today begins a new day for the
Catholic Church in Chile and hopefully
the world Pontifex has started the
firing of bishops who are abusers or
have covered up we hope this is the
beginning of the end of this culture of
abuse and coverup in the church
emotional but great day the scandal has
cost the church credibility and damaged
the Pope's own image because he publicly
strongly defended Wamba rose earlier
this year an International Association
for victims has urged government leaders
to do more about clerical abuse I know
it's an often used phrase but do you put
Dracula in charge of the blood bank
obviously not I think the church has
demonstrated not withstanding the
current Pope who is making some positive
noises right at the moment but the
church has demonstrated over many many
generations that it cannot be trusted
and a set of rules or golf club rules
which is basically what canon law is is
simply not enough if it is if we're
talking about crimes they have to be
dealt with by the civil authorities not
an internal matter Pope Francis has
promised Catholics affected by sexual
abuse that the church would never again
ignore their accusations
but for many it is not enough derisive
Oh
al-jazeera
