high level shuttle diplomacy continues
as UN special envoy to Yemen lobbies to
prevent an attack by the saudi-led
Coalition on Yemen's Houthi rebel Health
port city of hidaya
right now people are suffering from
hunger and displacement can you imagine
the situation if there is an attack we
hope all sides go to a peaceful
political solution and avoid war we hope
that the United Nations will find a
political solution between the
conflicting parties and that the
conflicting parties will have the level
of responsibility to spare this province
of any conflicts un secretary-general
Antonio Guterres wants to prevent
hundreds of thousands of deaths and even
a bigger humanitarian disaster than the
current situation in one of the region's
poorest countries there are at the
present moment intense negotiations
Martin graffitis shuttling between Sanaa
and those the UAE and Saudi Arabia to
hope that there will be a way to avoid
the military confrontation you know data
griffiths has been holding talks in Abu
Dhabi the Envoy is promoting a deal that
asks Houthi rebels to give up their
ballistic missiles in return for an end
to the saudi-led coalition bombing
campaign more than 600 Yemeni government
troops and 300 to thira bowls have
reportedly been killed in fighting near
ho data over the past few days the port
is a vital lifeline through which most
of the Yemeni populations food and
medicine enters who data is absolutely
central to the preserving of life and if
for any period who data were not to
operate effectively the consequences in
humanitarian terms would be catastrophic
the US has not directly urged the UAE to
avoid an assault on her data but it is
calling on the Emiratis to ensure the
free flow of humanitarian aid and
life-saving commercial imports Paul
Trudeau G on al Jazeera
