in this diplomatic drama here was act 1
getting to know you the handshake that
could change the course of history
President Donald Trump had said he'd
know within a minute of meeting Kim
jong-un if he'd get on with him so this
was the moment he began sizing him up
the start perhaps of an improbable
relationship in improbable times two
nuclear-armed leaders one a former real
estate developer and reality TV star the
other an international pariah
speaking through an interpreter Kim
jong-un said the way here had not been
easy it wasn't easy to get here and all
prejudices and practice has worked as
obstacles in our way forward but we
overcame all of them and we're here
today they met at 9:00 a.m. local time
in Singapore so primetime viewing in the
United States experts around the world
will be studying these images frame by
frame looking for deeper meaning it is
just a few months ago that Kim and Trump
were hurling insults at one another
threatening nuclear annihilation yet the
North Korean leader who's rarely stepped
outside of his country for security
reasons spent around 45 minutes in a
room with President Trump with just
their translators present few diplomatic
encounters have been so eagerly
anticipated the question now is whether
this will all prove to be more than just
a photo opportunity Adrian Brown al
Jazeera
Singapore
