a bailout for crisis-hit Jordan after
mass protests sparked fears of a violent
uprising Saudi Arabia UAE and Kuwait
pledged 2.5 billion dollars but is it
enough and what's at stake in a country
of huge geopolitical significance this
is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I am
Hoshi Mahabharatha Jordans always been
seen as an oasis of peace and stability
in a volatile region but it's a country
of limited resources and increasingly in
debt conflicts in neighboring Iraq and
Syria have dampened trade and it's hard
to absorb hundreds of thousands of
refugees budget cuts and tax hike plans
have led to mass protests toppling the
Prime Minister Gulf countries worried
about another Arab Spring uprising have
stepped in to help and the European
Union whose foreign policy chief was in
Amman on Sunday has thrown in 23 million
dollars in aid we'll come to our guests
in a bit but first the support from
Mohammed vile the announcement was made
after a meeting in Mecca Saudi Arabia
the United Arab Emirates and Kuwait are
coming to the aid of King Abdullah of
Jordan the nearest monarchy in the
region which is not part of the Gulf
Cooperation Council the pledge of 2.5
billion dollars
it follows weeks of protests in Jordan
against the rising cost of living and a
proposed income tax rise which has since
been shelved
Jordan has always been a crucial country
particularly to the west and an Arab
allies of the West mostly because of the
proximity and the role it plays in the
Palestinian problem and in and it's
peaceful relations I guess with Israel
so with all that in mind and the current
crisis in in the Gulf people would like
Jordan to somehow take sides
in a much more pronounced manner than it
has thus far
GCC a to Jordan to the tune of billions
of dollars used to be the norm the GCC
pledged 2.5 billion dollars to both
Jordan and Morocco and offered them full
membership in the organization seven
years ago Gulf monarchies more or less
so the Hashemite kingdom as one of their
own and its ability as being necessary
to theirs
but political divisions during the last
few years
affected relations between Jordan and
some of the GCC countries led by Saudi
Arabia
among the issues of contention Jordans
failure to participate in the saudi-led
war in Yemen disagreement over the
classification of the Muslim Brotherhood
movement as a terrorist organization
their final status of Jerusalem and
Jordans less than full severing of ties
with Qatar Jordans in an awkward
position while trying to maintain its
sovereignty because of the disagreements
Jordan's golf neighbors stopped their
money supply a 3.6 billion GCC
assistance program to Jordan expired
last year a serious blow for the economy
which relies heavily on regional and
international aid weeks of popular
unrest across the kingdom seem to have
been a wake-up call in Gulf capitals
it's not clear if the aid comes with
things but the Gulf donors appear to
realize that if they let Jordan slide
into chaos there was no telling what
impact it will have on their own
stability mohammad van al Jazeera let's
take a look at Jordan's economic
challenges his national debt is almost
40 billion dollars that's 95 percent of
its gross domestic product and it has to
fund with payments on a seven hundred
twenty-three million dollar IMF loan
secured two years ago the influx of
refugees has strained its economy more
than 660,000 registered Syrians though
the real figure is estimated to be much
higher than there are Iraqis and more
than 2 million Palestinians this in a
country of just under 10 million the
unemployment rate is 18% the highest in
25 years and incomes have not kept pace
with living costs which are among the
most expensive in the Middle East and
unlike its neighbours Jordan has limited
natural resources so depends heavily on
foreign aid
let's bring in our gas from a man
Giavotella Danny chairman of the immense
stock exchange in a former Jordanian
minister foreign affairs here in Doha
Ibrahim fray had associate professor of
conflict resolution and humanitarian
studies at the Doha Institute for
graduate studies in Brussels
James Moran's senior research fellow at
the Center for European Policy Studies
who served as the EU ambassador to
Jordan and Yemen thank you for joining
us mr. Allen Annie Saudi Arabia and his
allies decided to place a deposit in
Jordan's Central Bank inject cash into
the budget for the next five years and
also it shows some world bank guarantees
and money for Social Development
programs
these steps are enough to stabilize
Jordan's economy naturally or not
Jordan's problem is much bigger than
that and it will extend even a period
beyond what this it stipulates but
anyway we should not be an appreciative
of the willing to help however if we
anatomize the items we will find that
the only cash injection for this year
probably would be between two hundred
two hundred million dollars for budget
support and probably we don't know how
much the size of the deposit is going to
be but but that would only be a of
incremental value simply because the
central bank of Jordan already has
thirteen billion dollars a thirteen
billion dinars worth of foreign reserves
that's roughly about sixteen seventeen
billion dollars worth of reserves so we
don't need these reserves but anyway
still they are useful and incremental
useful but of course the package is far
from fulfilling Jordan's cash deficit
and budgetary needs and development
needs
brahim is the timing of the bailout a
politically motivated or is it a genuine
attempt by Saudi by jordan's neighbors
to step in and help
oh that's a good question I think in my
opinion it's it's all of above first of
all we can't deny that there is a
serious attempt on the Gulf states to
help Jordan in crisis Jordan has been an
ally for a very long time
and Jordan is facing serious economic
challenges at the moment but it's not
totally about that
I think this there are serious concerns
within the Gulf states about what's
happening in Jordan this reminds me of
2011 when the Arab Spring broke out and
then Saudi Arabia and other Gulf states
invited Jordan and Morocco to join the
GCC and then offer them five billion
dollars in economic aids in order to
keep Jordan and Miroku kingdoms away
from the Arab Spring protests so now
this takes us back to those days and
this is bringing about serious concerns
within the Gulf states if reforms are
happening in Jordan and especially
political reforms for a kingdom this is
not a good sign for the rest of the Gulf
states so for that reason I think there
is an issue there is a serious attempt
here on the side of Saudi Arabia in
particular to contain this movement and
stop it through the economic aid and
prevent Jordan from in inver Bay being
involved in Syria's political specially
political reform and for that reason we
are seeing cases happening at the moment
James you were ambassador EU ambassador
to Joseph what do you think should be
done now to tackle the issue of
addressing the economy taken into
account this is a country with limited
natural resources that is true
and again as Professor Ibrahim was
saying the situation is reminiscent of
past times I remember 20 years ago when
I first went to Jordan as ambassador
similar challenges were facing the
country then
I think what needs to be done frankly is
to use this welcome injection support
from the Gulf in bolstering and
sustaining the IMF program to which
Jordan is signed up to now whether it
can be implemented in the way that the
previous government wanted it to be
we'll have to see what is very important
is that in doing that program which is
all about economic reform for the
country it's very important that all
sections of Jordanian society play their
part and I think one of the reasons why
have you seen these protests which have
come mainly from the middle class and
indeed working-class people in Jordan is
that that has not always been the case
in fact very seldom has it been the case
wealthier people in Jordan need to do
their part as well as everybody else in
seeing this program through and I think
in that direction if Jordan moves in
that direction it will begin to make
progress on some of the enormous
challenges that he faces right now
Joanne the discontent that we've seen
over the last few weeks in journal
basically was the result of the attempt
to introduce taxes which was part of the
whole package that was presented by the
IMF to help Jordan address its economic
problems do you think that that package
could work with a country that will
continue to struggle for a long period
to come in the future with economy
because it doesn't have it cannot
guarantee consistent revenues well
Jordan has been trying and exerting the
efforts in order to be more self
dependent however you know we should not
be oblivious to the fact that Jordan
over the last six years has been exposed
to extreme pressures and extreme losses
as a result of influx of refugees as
well as the added expenditures on the
government as a result of catering for
for those refugees and also for catering
for other refugees that come from abroad
so in a way Jordan has been shouldering
much bigger international
responsibilities than its share however
you know we I fully agree with the fact
that
Jordanians need to do more that is true
but the way the IMF package has been
drafted against my own better judgment
is that it was not taking Jordan to the
place where dime F wanted it to be that
is reducing that the debt GDP ratio from
96 percent to about 75 percent in 2021
the proposed income tax law would would
have probably led to a decrease in
government revenues are not increasing
because the the everybody has been
paying more taxes less exposed to less
subsidies much more fees that have been
injected by the previous government
entirely water prices energy prices
electricity prices and so everybody is
feeling the pinch and the many Jordanian
families have been exposed to stringent
budgetary conditions within their own so
the question that Jordanian people were
asking how much does am I going to
strain my own budget in order to save
the fiscal budget we know that we need
restructuring but that restructuring
takes some time this is not the right
time to do it at this particular stage
it is much easier said than done
but we need time and time you know that
we wanted to by that time in order to
make sure that we do the right recipe
Ibrahim in that statement the saudi
arabia and his allies said basically
that they were coming as brothers to
help a neighboring brother do you think
that there might also be a list of
conditions attached to the bailout oh
well this is what we are actually
watching carefully to see if there have
been any strings attached to this to
this economic aid though it's very hard
to imagine that this is all about
brotherly help we know that there are we
don't know if there are things
yet but we know that there are at least
four issues between Jordan and the Gulf
states and Saudi Arabia and the UAE in
particular one is that the severe
pressure that Saudi Arabia and UAE put
on Jordan to declare the Muslim
Brotherhood as a terrorist organization
in the past few years and Jordan
resisted and refused to do that
second Jordan is not participating in
the Yemen war which was an expectation
also from Saudi Arabia and the UAE 3
there is also Jordan did not take a very
firm position on the Qatari crisis they
were expecting more from Jordan to just
only withdraw its ambassador from Doha
and 4 there is now this issue of the
ultimate deal and Jordans and
expectations that Jordan joins the South
the American Israeli plans to reshape or
to reshape the politics of the region
and to realign the geopolitical scenes
of the landscaping of the of the region
Jordan has taken a very firm position on
refusing to compromise in Jerusalem and
said a firm no to the pressure that came
from Riyadh especially when when Jordan
was asked not to join the Organization
of Islamic Cooperation conference in
Istanbul
King Abdullah insisted and he went and
he participated and he was not they were
not happy about this so among all these
issues it's hard to imagine that there
would be a total ignorance of all of
them and just extend about a brotherly
economic aid to Jordan for Nora 10 but
yet we need to watch and see if it
sometime if something comes up out of
that James the IMF was basically trying
to help with the basic idea which is
trying to narrow the budget deficit but
at the same time accelerate growth but
how can the EU what can de you offer now
to try to help children at this
particular juncture
well vu has been a major supporter
I think second or third in significance
in the last two or three years a billion
euros has gone in much of it of course
to help with looking after the Syrian
refugee problem that Jordan has and I do
agree with Minister Inari it is a really
difficult problem for Jordan as ever a
huge external pressures coming in there
and now you see the announcement of some
more aid there that mrs. mogherini took
with her yesterday but more important
than aid it seems to me is for Jordan to
make better use of its trading
arrangements trading agreements that it
has for example with the EU which is its
number one partner and there is an FTA
which opens up all sorts of
possibilities for Jordanian business and
frankly speaking the use of these
preferences on the part of Jordan
businesspeople has not been the best in
fact something like 40% the last time I
looked at those preferences were not
being taken up there are various reasons
for that many of them very technical we
haven't got time to get into that now
but a greater effort needs to be made I
think for Jordan to do that and Jordan
does have quite a bit of potential going
forward it's a very highly educated
population I'm well aware that myself
and in fact the quality of education in
Jordan is is good compared to other
parts of the region there there is a
wealthy and very successful the asked
for and many Jordanians of Palestinian
origin and others of course who are
there to support the country from
outside and you have a successful
service sector so far as banking tourism
and so forth is concerned there's quite
a lot that Jordan could build on and you
have quite a lot of very impressive
young entrepreneurs but Jordan business
needs I think more encouragement more
spirit of self starting to to do better
particularly when it comes to production
and production for export and I'm sure
Jordan could make strides in that regard
so what you must have heard from many
regional leaders that they cannot
continue to give money to Jordan forever
unless jozin addresses his own problem
particularly when it comes to corruption
which is pervasive in the country
bureaucracy and inefficient governance
I agree with you there is no doubt that
this is the thing and the His Majesty
the King has been talking about these
issues in particular you know but what
happened over the last six years we have
been focused on fiscal discipline and we
forgot all about the requirements for
development that's why the government
had no leeway they did not have any
extra funds to devote to to economic
development and I I believe that right
now we should shift the paradigm that we
need a paradigm shift instead of
focusing only on on discipline we need
to somehow control the size of deficit
and keep it at bay but at the same time
all extra force should go for economic
growth and economic and pro people
development this is what is needed right
now for now and that's why I say it is
not an adjustment process that is
required what is required is a
restructuring process
but may I say something on the political
dimension or go ahead if I take one
minute please I fully endorse what what
was the Ambassador had said about Jordan
so we are in full agreement but when it
comes to to the political dimension as
Professor Brian was saying you know I
don't think that the amounts of money
that have been dedicated because in the
final analysis
Jordan would only be getting cash
injection of 1 billion dollars that is
what I assume they will give Jordan two
hundred million every year for the next
five years but the you know when you say
I want to put a deposit at the central
bank it will be retrieved again it will
be demanded and taken away withdrawn at
the same time you know when you say I
want to give the World Bank guarantee is
to give Jordan loans but that's what
what we you know we have been
complaining of and so therefore the real
cash injection from this whole process
is 1 billion dollars that is hardly even
you know thinking even if there is a
price for everything this would be any
any near a price that Jordan would Excel
okay to compromise on any of his
positions Ibrahim who Jordan means to
the future we
but you have neighbors Iraq and Syria
and we need to maintain good relations
with them Abraham would the under this I
mean you've heard what Jawad has been
saying basically 1 billion dollars is
not enough it's not gonna make any
difference do you think that this could
push children to look into alternatives
try to reach out to countries like Qatar
for example despite the fact that you
know Qatari is having problems with the
Saudi Arabia and the UAE Bahrain and
Egypt well I agree with mr. irani that
deposit there is part of this economic
gains about deposit and deposit in
Central Bank it's usually knowing that
this is leverage that the countries the
donor countries use when they make these
deposits that can be withdrawn at any
time so it can there is a margin or
creates a margin for bargaining and
pressuring and using leverage against
you know those countries and also the
deficits I mean the Jordans death is
about thirty-five billion dollars so
when billion dollars not going to make
any big difference I don't think it's
about that the Jordanian leadership has
shown this kind of political games so
either you pay me or I go with the other
party I don't think that's that's an
issue I think that that's the issue here
I think Jordan the Jordan regime has
shown a very firm position on these
strategic issues on the issue of
Jerusalem not endorsing the ultimate
deal I don't think no matter what the
pressure in my own readings because that
Jordan will change its position because
this is a national security for for
Jordan it's same thing also with the
Muslim Brotherhood and other similar
issues so I don't think that Jordan will
as a result resolve to go ahead Qatar or
to other countries but I think Jordan
needs to look at its own needs to go in
Jordan instead of going together or any
other countries needs to go to its own
people to its own governance system and
reform politically and economically and
in icy human resources and that's the
way forward for Jordan J James the mass
protest movements in Jordan for many
people were medicine it of the fervor
that we've seen in the Arab world in
2011 do you think that
the potential for protracted anger in
Jordan could continue unless there is a
radical reform of the economic system in
the country no I don't think they should
be compared for a moment 2011 was an
earthquake this what you're seeing in
Jordan at the moment as far as I can see
is perhaps a tremor but it's nothing
like it was so a few years ago and I'm
pretty sure that this can be fixed the
point about the injection from the Gulf
and I don't disagree with what others
the other two speakers have said about
the real value of this but it has
another point to it which is that it
will help to increase competence in
Jordan's international financial
obligations and commitments and you've
seen a bit of that already in the last
12 hours with the performance of Euro
bonds Jordan and so forth on the markets
and that is very helpful for the country
going forward and I think also that as
Professor Ibrahim was saying I don't
think we should expect major changes in
the key policy points that he made in
particular when it comes to the status
of Jerusalem I think an independent
foreign policy on Jerusalem by King
Abdullah and the Jordanian government
will continue
I certainly hope that it does in fact
there with the European Union we are at
one we absolutely agree that this should
be left to the final status and no
anticipation of that should be had now
as to the famous peace plan which we're
supposed to see sometime soon let's see
what what actually comes forward but I
think all the signs are that is
something that's going to be very
difficult to sign up - I think there - I
think Jordan should retain an
independent position but it were being
truthful I don't think today is to be to
be compared for a moment with 2011 I
think stability remains in Jordan it's
under threat for the time being but I
think it's fixable and let's hope that
the new prime minister in his government
will be sensitive enough to make
adjustments to that I am programmed to
show that they have listened to the
people in the street it would be really
interesting to see what whether the
Prime Minister on bodiless days would be
able to weather the storm gents moran
rahim play hat and Joe and L and Annie
thank you very much indeed for your
contribution to the Pro
and thank you too for watching you can
see the program again any time by
visiting our website aljazeera.com for
further discussion go to our Facebook
page that's facebook.com forward slash
AJ insights or you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
AJ insightful for me Ashima Alberta the
whole team here
bye for now
you
you
