life jackets published now in the dead
of night a precarious rescue in the
Mediterranean 629 people picked up by
the Italian Coast Guard and transfer to
the Aquarius rescue ship run by the
French charity SOS méditerranée the
terror and the trauma all too evident it
was a moment of relief before more drama
after the vessel was denied access to
Italian ports it was left to drift in
international waters with hundreds of
people huddling aboard among them 123
unaccompanied children and seven
pregnant women yeah this is not what we
wish because we are overcrowded people
are sleeping in in the in the deck it is
not comfortable at all there are weak
the decision by Italy's new interior
minister Matteo salvini to block the
ship from docking was no great surprise
as head of Italy's far-right
anti-immigration league party he
campaigned to stop the mass arrival of
migrants his reason that Italy should
not be the only country to take in
vessels from North Africa and said that
the small island of mortar should allow
the people to disembark but that was
rejected by the Maltese prime minister
Joseph Muscat under international law it
is up to the country coordinating the
search and rescue operation in this case
Italy to choose the port where the
vessel should dock a responsibility
echoed by the European Commission on
Monday the priority of both the Italian
and Maltese authorities should be
ensuring these people receive the care
they need Spain's Prime Minister Pedro
Sanchez has said the ship will be
allowed to dock in the Spanish port of
Valencia but the Italian refusal to
allow the migrants in is an alarming
precedent for rescuers but for Italy's
interior minister it is an opportunity
to make good on his word and pass the
buck to neighboring countries in the
Mediterranean
santiago al jazeera
