the announcement was made after a
meeting in Mecca Saudi Arabia the United
Arab Emirates and Kuwait are coming to
the aid of King Abdullah of Jordan the
nearest monarchy in the region which is
not part of the Gulf Cooperation Council
the pledge of 2.5 billion dollars
it follows weeks of protests in Jordan
against the rising cost of living and a
proposed income tax rise which has since
been shelved
Jordan has always been a crucial country
particularly to the west and an Arab
allies of the West mostly because of the
proximity and the role it plays in the
Palestinian problem and it and it's
peaceful relations I guess with Israel
so with all that in mind and the current
crisis in in the Gulf people would like
Jordan to somehow take sides in a much
more pronounced manner than it has thus
far
GCC a to Jordan to the tune of billions
of dollars used to be the norm the GCC
pledged 2.5 billion dollars to both
Jordan and Morocco and offered them full
membership in the organization seven
years ago Gulf monarchy is more or less
so the Hashemite Kingdom as one of their
own and its ability as being necessary
to theirs but political divisions during
the last few years
affected relations between Jordan and
some of the GCC countries led by Saudi
Arabia among the issues of contention
Jordans failure to participate in the
saudi-led war in Yemen disagreement over
the classification of the Muslim
Brotherhood movement as a terrorist
organization
the final status of Jerusalem and
Jordans less than full severing of ties
with Qatar Jordans in an awkward
position while trying to maintain its
sovereignty because of the disagreements
Jordans Gulf neighbors stopped their
money supplied a 3.6 billion GCC
assistance program to jordan expired
last year a serious blow for the economy
which relies heavily on regional and
international aid weeks of popular
unrest across the kingdom seem to have
been a wake-up call in Gulf capitals
it's not clear if the aid comes with
things but the Gulf donors appear to
realize that if they let Jordans
into chaos there was no telling what
impact it will have on their own
stability mohammad van al jazeera
