for an important piece of ancient Persia
this was a homecoming nearly a century
in the making this small square piece of
limestone travelled the world for
decades crossing continents and changing
hands thought to be worth two million
dollars on the open market experts say
the carving was made around 2,500 years
ago during the time of Persepolis the
capital of the UH commended dynasty the
first Persian Empire which was sacked by
Alexander the Great
early explorers picked away at the ruins
four centuries before it was declared a
World Heritage Site along with Anika dr.
John she does AB persopolis was one of
the first archaeological sites
registered with UNESCO and this piece is
part of human heritage and it was
returned to Iran through legal and
judicial work and we are very glad for
centuries this a comminute soldier stood
guard at the ruins of Persepolis stolen
in 1936 he spent the next 80 years
bouncing from private collections to
museums to auction houses in Canada and
the United States it was only after a
court in New York intervened in 2017
that the process began to bring him home
in a country seemingly awash with
ancient sites early Islamic era ones are
carefully preserved while many
pre-islamic structures are crumbling
away
experts say preserving even more of its
own ancient heritage is something that
could help Iran connect with people
around the world a cultural exchange of
hundreds of artifacts between the drents
Museum in the Netherlands and the
National History Museum in Tehran is
already bringing people closer together
people speak a lot about politics and we
do not in polish we are people from the
cultural field and we strongly believe
that culture can change people and that
we can bring people together and that we
can enjoy from each other's lessons each
other's art and just to enjoy sayings
and I think things which are illegal in
other countries
should be should be brought back to the
place of origin this soldiers travels
are not over he'll go on tour to museums
across Iran so as many people as
possible can enjoy this national
treasure
saved by the Americans from a New York
auction block returned to rivals in Iran
United in an effort to save a piece of
human history
it's a rare story of cooperation between
two countries now bitter political
enemies Zayn Basra via al Jazeera Tehran
