Russia 2018 will provide the opportunity
for one nation to fulfill its destiny
and the opportunity for football fans to
collect pictures of their heroes and
fully fill sticker albums for decades
Italian company panini have made these
albums and the big one comes out every
four years a World Cup tournament means
plenty of transfer activity but it's an
expensive hobby a British mathematician
claims filling an album can cost over a
thousand dollars enter Alex and Sean
Pratchett from Oxford they wanted to
fill an album that not spend the money
they are known on social media as panini
cheapskates and they'll be drawing every
single one of the 682 stickers
themselves so we needed a good reason
and a lot of people on Twitter and
things wanted this to have another crack
at it and the idea of doing it for
charity to raise money for some good
causes that sort of gives us the
motivation I think it's a yeah to
torpedo our lives for another month and
spend another world kept drawing rather
than watching football they came up with
this idea for the last World Cup in
Brazil and completed their mission two
years later they took on the euro 2016
tournament featuring their home team
Wales by now they advise thousands for
charity we're getting a lot of love on
social media but they're both charity
workers not artists they don't actually
write their own artwork there's a lot of
like rescuing it like I can't do this
this is not going correctly can you
please try and you know redeem whatever
travesty were halfway through Charlie
the Redeemer I'll give a sticker to you
and then I'll look at it later anger
that's not the news I drew this time
their main focus can't be on whether
Cristiano Ronaldo has a lopsided mouth
or that Moran Fellini doesn't have quite
enough hair the latest addition to their
family album is baby 9 though this does
mean sean is on maternity leave which
helps their World Cup art bonanza once
the prep is all in place a sticker can
be drawn in around 15 minutes
what's comically amateurish to Alex
charm
it's pretty impressive to me what do
panini make of this do you know what do
you think when we first began we kind of
because it was this meant to be the
silly thing that would amuse a few mates
we didn't really give it any thought if
we were going to start again all over
again
maybe we would you know try not to take
them off by using the word panini hope
but it seems that they're taking it in
you know good humor panini haven't tried
to erase these replica artists which is
as much in tribute to sticker collecting
as 15 Asst they're increasing amount of
online fans are happy that for now at
least they're stuck with their unusual
hobby lee Wellings al Jazeera Oxford
