in more than eleven years of doing the
listening post we've never covered a
story quite like this one
last week news spread of the murder of a
Russian dissident journalists arkady bob
chenko shot and killed outside his
apartment in kiev ukraine except as we
all now know it never happened the
killing had been staged his resurrection
broadcast live at a press conference the
following day Bab chenko said he faked
his own death as part of an operation
led by the Ukrainian security services
to thwart a plot by Moscow to kill him
he said it was about survival for others
though it was a mere stunt that
undermined Ukraine's credibility and
could have serious consequences for
other journalists down the road this
story is also part of an ongoing media
battle a larger geopolitical conflict
between the western-backed government in
Ukraine and Moscow which says that the
initial breathless coverage of the
babichenko story is yet another example
of how much of the international news
media are intent on smearing the Kremlin
our starting point this week is Kiev
shot in the back finger pointing between
the Ukrainians and the Russians has
already started this whole thing started
off as a serious drama you know yet
another journalist yet another Kremlin
critic allegedly killed in in Kiev in
Ukraine and then finally it ended up
being a great you know stock up on
popcorn and enjoy the show our cut is my
friend so I was overwhelmed with joy my
sister had come from Israel for a Cadiz
funeral and instead thank God she just
made it for his resurrection love go was
cliche that clearly was not just simply
a press conference that was an act of
theatre it was a political stunt we are
relieved that Arkady babichenko is a
life but the faked death as the
potential of tampering public outrage
when journalists are killed and hurt in
the line of duty it was a story arc that
twisted and turned
after the morning on day one and the
relief on day two
came the ethical questions most of which
centered around arkadievich anko's
cooperation with the ukrainian security
service the SBU the SBU stood alongside
the journalists at the news conference
saying it started working with Bab
chenko after it discovered a plot by
Russian intelligence agents to kill him
and dozens of other Russian dissidents
in Ukraine Bab chenko agreed to
surreptitiously cooperate with the SBU
he said because there was no other way
to save his own life and it's that
relationship a reporter working with a
spy agency that organizations like the
committee to protect journalists based
in New York take issue with CBJ takes
quite a dim view of law enforcement
impersonating journalists now with
Arkady Bob Gingka basically acting as a
police asset one clear damage is again
to public trust for the media and for
journalists his explanation and was that
he didn't have a choice it manages to
say we're not in when Bob Jenkins shoes
ourselves but there is very little
evidence there or cranial authorities
have put forth that is convincing that
this imminent threat on Bob Jenkins life
existed usually mirotic abortion is it
such a big tragedy for the world that
our Cut Above Cheng who spent 20 hours
in hiding and survived what does that
changed in the world yes
Russian failed to kill a journalist
while we made it look like that
succeeded and if somebody got frustrated
because intelligence services saved him
and he didn't die I feel sorry for them
it was quite quite depressing to see the
outbursts from not just Bob shankha but
also a certain number of his supporters
who very much immediately framed it as
that well did you want bad Schenker to
die well of course not I don't think
anyone is arguing that but the point is
this is not a does babichenko live or
die binary what's become the story is
not the threat to journalists it has
become the
fake threat to journalists arkady bob
chenko is a former russian soldier whose
time in the army he fought in both
chechen wars led him to journalism and
the coverage of military conflicts his
writings eventually grew critical of
Moscow's interventions in Syria and
Ukraine he left Russia last year because
of death threats he said eventually
settling in the Ukrainian capital Moscow
and Kiev have been at diplomatic
loggerheads since 2014 after a coup led
by forces favoring closer ties to the
European Union and NATO toppled the
ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych
who was pro-russian and who had been
democratically elected the subsequent
war fought in eastern Ukraine a region
with strong ties to Moscow resulted in
its annexation by Russia effectively
carving Ukraine into since the fighting
ended in eastern Ukraine the bulk of the
propaganda war between p.m. and Moscow
has been waged through the meat
it is against that geopolitical backdrop
at the Bab chenko story has unfolded
this whole thing initially can contain
all the perfect ingredients for a great
anti-russian story and the Ukrainian
authorities in the Ukrainian media have
been very successful sellers of Russia
phobia over a number of years versus ETA
Putin's kikaha bursty focus on newsrooms
resume Ilya and some forces in the West
have been very happy customers of that
Roza phobia the historical practices of
the Russians who are typically almost
genetically driven to co-opt
penetrate gained favour whatever so when
yet another chance presented itself they
just couldn't miss the opportunity it
was too sexy to start with Russian
journalism doesn't exist at all it's
propaganda all media outlets even the
ones that were once independent are all
under the complete control of the
government I worked there and left for
that very reason so I know what I'm
talking about
there's no freedom of speech they may
call it journalism
but it isn't pursuit yet the new media
however the Ukrainian media have issues
of their own in the reporters without
borders Press Freedom Index for 2018
Ukraine is ranked 101st of the 189
countries listed well ahead of Russia at
148 but still in the bottom half of the
table the paris-based NGO says media
reforms after the 2014 coup have helped
but much more is needed to loosen the
oligarchs tight grip on the media to
encourage editorial independence just
last month a ukrainian working for a
russian news organization was jailed
charged with high treason
another accused of being pro russia in
his reporting recently fled the country
that chenko style and has applied for
asylum in austria journalists become
this kind of collateral damage in
ukraine because some of them cover
what's happening in the east of ukraine
with some criticism as to the Ukrainian
handling of the conflict propaganda
should not be fought with propaganda or
with censorship in both the b√°b chenko
case in Ukraine and the recent scrip our
case in the UK in which a former Russian
spy and his daughter were poisoned
fingers were quickly pointed at Moscow
the problem in both cases has been
evidence the lack of it and the tendency
of news organizations in Ukraine the UK
and elsewhere to accept the word of
local authorities and publish according
that's not journalism it's stenography
and it plays right into the hands of the
Kremlin and the media apparatus it has
at its disposal it's no longer necessary
to source your story on anyone you just
quote anonymous sources that you never
name their names and I think that the
Western mediate have honed this art to
perfection and this is something that a
real journalist and real journalism
shouldn't allow to happen on one level
this is a conventional conflict being
fought out with guns and missiles on the
other hand it's also an information
conflict and the Russians have sort of
blown out this great cloud of conspiracy
theories and outright nonsense really
just always give you sense of but we'll
never know what's going on and that's
been one of the Russians strengths is
actually a capacity to better create the
sense where truth is unknowable the
information war is every bit as
important as the one on the ground
