in the final hours before the Singapore
summit President Trump was on the move
his motorcade heading to the official
office of Singapore's Prime Minister Lee
CN long but the president was not in a
talkative mood the Prime Minister is the
host for Tuesday's unprecedented meeting
and so also has a lot at stake North
Korea's leader Kim jong-un who met the
premier on Sunday says he knows the
whole world is watching him and so too
are his people the country strictly
managed media was quick to release
pictures of Kim's arrival reporting that
his isolated country would discuss
establishing a new relationship with the
United States that's significant in some
parts of Singapore the security is
high-profile but appeared to be absent
in one of the places where it would have
mattered US and North Korean officials
were jostled by the media as they left a
hotel where they've been finalizing
details for Tuesday Trump wants to
persuade the North Korean leader to
disarm a deal that eluded his
predecessors but that's a process that
will eventually have to involve others
says the leader of the campaign to
abolish nuclear weapons this could be a
historic meeting and a beginning of a
process towards nuclear disarmament and
so it's definitely has a huge
possibility I think that's why it's so
important that we don't just leave it up
to these two men watching from afar and
wishing they were here the leaders of
three other countries with important
stakes in this summit South Korea's
president moon jae-in japan's Prime
Minister Shinzo Abe a and President Xi
Jingping of China China of course the
North's closest ally and whatever
happens here XI Jingping will be hoping
it remains that way orderly
tightly-controlled Singapore is playing
host to the world's two most
unpredictable leaders and that may mean
that the only certainty here is the
unexpected Adrian Brown
al Jazeera Singapore
