it sounds a little sweet to be a protest
song yet it is a call to vote and be
free this demonstration in the Basque
region marks the start of a new bid for
greater self-rule or maybe even to break
away from Spain together we've been
calling for our rights for years and
today is another chance to say that
there's a significant percentage of
citizens who want to vote and decide
their future
last month the armed separatists
organisation etta announced it was
disbanding that gives peaceful
campaigners the chance to draw a line
between themselves and that violent
uprising which lasted decades these are
the last links in a human chain that
stretches from here more than 200
kilometers or 120 miles away right up to
the border with France it wound along
the highways and byways through one of
the richest corners of Spain the
Northeast Basque region already has
wide-ranging devolved powers over health
education and even taxation but some
like want raw scores who came with his
grandson dream of having their own
country from Mushaf there are steps to
be taken first self-government and
self-rule and then independence I'm not
sure what that will look like but it
needs to recognize our peoples rights
initial momentum Sunday's event comes
amid turbulent times the dispute over
catalonia's attempt to declare
independence from the rest of Spain is
far from over and earlier this month the
central government in Madrid was toppled
by a corruption scandal the incoming
socialist administration has no majority
and no room to maneuver on key issues
such as greater self-rule for Spain's
various regions organisers accept it may
be a long campaign it's hysterical must
want many different factors mean we're
closing one chapter and beginning
another you must base this new chart on
democratic
and the will of the people is seen in
algo City Nicobar service annual fee
press lrm Achrafieh it's hard to see how
government leaders in Madrid would ever
accept moves to carve up Spain into
independent states but ask these Basque
demonstrators joined together they chant
the power and the future is in their
hands
Karl Penhaul al Jazeera Victoria Spain
