did the Saudi government abduct and
murder a Saudi journalist on foreign
soil and if so will there be any
consequences
I'm Maddy Hassan the UN's Panel on
Climate Change issued a dramatic report
this week saying the world could see a
global climate crisis as early as 2040
but how do you get the u.s. to take it
seriously when the president is a
climate change denier
I'll ask Gina McCarthy the former head
of the US Environmental Protection
Agency under President Obama but first
Saudi journalist and government critic
Jamarcus yogi has been missing since
October the second last seen when he
went into the Saudi consulate in
Istanbul Turkish officials believe he
was killed by agents of his own
government inside the consulate and had
his body possibly dismembered
astonishing and horrific allegations but
will Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin
Salman face any consequences joining me
now to discuss the disappearance and
possible murder of Jamal khashoggi
a foreign policy analyst author and
journalist ruler jibrail who wrote the
recent cover story for Newsweek on the
Saudi Crown Prince and Sarah Leah
Whitson
executive director of the Middle East
and North Africa division of Human
Rights Watch at the moment of course
Saudi government officials refused to
appear on al-jazeera
and other well-known defenders of the
Saudi government who we approached to
participate in the show declined our
invitation
Rula Sarah thanks for joining me on
upfront before we begin I'd like to play
a clip from an episode of upfront that
aired earlier this year in which I asked
Jamal why he chose a life of self exile
in the United States simply because I
don't want to be arrested I don't want
to be an expose on rulers or someone
order the irony that he has no
opposition Mohammed bin Salman doesn't
have an opposition he doesn't have the
Taliban Oscar as I have in Afghanistan
most of the people most of the
intellectuals most of the people in jail
today are supportive of reform that was
Jamal khashoggi on upfront a few months
ago and it's quite hard to see that clip
and listen to his voice given what we
are being told has happened to him ruler
the Washington Post where Jamal
khashoggi writes a column is reporting
this week that US intelligence has
worked out that the crown prince of
Saudi Arabia NBS Mohammed bin some
unquote ordered an operation to lord
while back to the country and then
detain him the Turkish government say
that he was killed inside the consulate
in Istanbul by a Saudi hit team and had
his body dismembered ruler what do you
believe happened to your friend Jamal I
believe that Hamad bin Salman is capable
of what he's stands accused of of
kidnapping however the u.s. intelligence
should have warned Jamal it's also
there's a lot of blame to put also on US
media I believe Jamal risked his life
daily to tell the truth to tell all of
us what was going on in Saudi Arabia and
what this Crown Prince stands for what
some media did is basically repeated the
propaganda of this crown prince he's a
reformer and a moderate and a liberal in
the words of Tom Friedman and The
Economist and others yeah it's
outrageous we have an obligation there's
a journalistic integrity and then in
this case it was betrayed totally and
they failed spectacularly its
unmitigated disaster what this all of
this had caused in the Middle East and
for Americans and especially for people
who have no interest like Jamal except
telling the truth and informing the
public opinion Sarah you document human
rights abuses for a living you have to
distinguish between facts and fiction
between credible reporting and
conspiracy theories a lot of people are
saying how can we know for sure what
happened inside a consulate in Istanbul
given the prime source of information as
the Turkish government which has its own
issues with the Saudi government and
which of course doesn't have a great
record when it comes to its own
journalists who it locks up at record
rates well the the main reason that we
can know one thing very concretely is
that obviously we're not just relying on
what the Turkish government has said we
are relying on the testimony of his
fiance whom I spoke with on the day on
which Jamal disappeared into the
consulate while she was still at the
consulate we have the video showing
Jamal entering the consulate and
actually what we don't have
any evidence that he ever left so
despite the Saudi denials they claim
that their CCTV wasn't working or wasn't
switched on or something that day which
is highly convenient the evidence that
he entered and did not leave the
consulate of his own accord there's no
dispute about that that is an
established fact what we don't know of
course is what happened to him inside
what we have is a lot of suspicious
circumstantial evidence and his
continued disappearance that sadly
indicate that Jamal was killed but sir
if I may add something Mandy the Turks
immediately within a day they start
talking about a murder inside the
consulate how do they know that we know
for a fact whoever covered the Middle
East that any embassy and any consulate
is bugged by nation hosting those
consulate so they even went as far the
Turks to say that they are willing to go
inside the rooms with forensic experts
to tell in which room he was butchered
and dismembered plus we have this
evidence about these two flights coming
in T with a squad with a team who most
of them were identified and the pictures
are outside the names are outside and
most of them worked for security
apparatus of the Saudi royal family why
were there there in that day why did
they enter the embassy in that day why
did they live in that day what do they
do inside all of these questions need to
be answered most US senators came out
saying we need to put sanctions and
apply for the first time outside of
Russia the global Magnitsky Act which is
accountability for violators of human
right of human rights and I think that's
a huge precedent Sarah you were on the
show with Jamal and Ali shahe be on this
show a few months ago and on that show
Jamal made it very clear that he wasn't
a member of the Opposition he wasn't
even calling for elections or democracy
all he wanted to do was be able to write
some pieces about the Saudi economy
Saudi politics the future under MBS
without being censored or restricted
that was a very low bar that he was
asking MBs
me and yet Mohammed bin Salman MBS the
Saudi Crown Prince it looks like he
can't even tolerate the mildest of
dissent from an establishment Saudi
figure Jamal was not some
anti-establishment revolutionary was he
the Crown Prince wants only one opinion
expressed and that's congratulations we
love you Crown Prince
anything else is suspect and so this has
been an unprecedented concentration of
power in the hands of one person in
Saudi Arabia
he has crushed Royals who might have
views different from him he's crushed
independent journalists or media that
might have opinions different from him
and of course activists writers
journalists scholars just to be killed
even by Saudi standards you're saying
this crown prince the de facto ruler is
authoritarian and controlling and
dictatorial that's what you're saying
well it's it's I would even say I would
even say revolutionary because I think
he has called two of the bluffs that
Saudi Arabia and Saudi Arabian analysts
have long used to understand and explain
Saudi Arabia one is that it rules by
consensus that all of the Royals have a
voice in how the country is run and
that's actually why things operate very
slowly in Saudi Arabia because it's
built on consensus he eradicated that by
jailing Royals who might have any
opposition to his plans and second that
the Saudi government relies on the
support of the religious establishment
he's also knocked that pillar out let me
ask you this ruler Jamal in his
Washington Post columns which are said
to have annoyed the crown prince and his
advisers so much this platform he had in
the u.s. in English and in Arabic he
compared MBS to Ayatollah Khamenei the
Supreme Leader of Iran and to Vladimir
Putin the President of Russia you and
some others in recent days have compared
MBS to Gadhafi do you think that is now
a label that is going to stick in
Western circles where MBS has been so
popular up until now look Jamal wrote
also that the Saudis deserve better I
think we the people in America or people
around the war
we deserve better in terms of
journalistic standards of the way we
cover these tyrants but above all we
deserve better from these governments
and President Trump who says well you
know we have a problem they buy a lot of
hardware weapon Aries so how can we it
would be bad for business well it's bad
for America standing on America's values
it's bad for all of us what he's saying
his present Trump is endorsing the idea
the UN program and rebranding it
oil-for-food in this case cheap oil for
impunity for whatever you want whenever
you want no I think we don't like it is
it change I don't know if Trump will
change but he will be forced to change
by the public opinion and that's why
it's important to keep the pressure on
the public opinion this is not even
Gaddafi this is combined of Gaddafi and
and I would say Saddam Hussein together
this is Gaddafi on steroid however it's
worse than Gaddafi because he has
billions of dollars to spend in the US
on PR on lobbying and buying consensus
and this is where the dangerous lies
Sarah you at Human Rights Watch have
obviously spent a lot of time calling on
governments to do something about human
rights abuses in places like Saudi
Arabia and Western governments tend to
ignore you because of the oil deals and
the commercial deals that Rula mentioned
right now though you do have Mike Pence
demanding answers you have Marco Rubio
Rand Paul Republican right wing senators
coming out and saying you know this is
not acceptable if this is true they need
to be consequences do you think you're
we're gonna see some kind of sea change
in the u.s. relationship with Saudi
Arabia over what has happened to Jamal
Khashoggi you know two days ago I would
have said no however the recent
bipartisan letter demanding answers
demanding an investigation and
threatening sanctions with the citation
of the man jet ski act is a bit of a
surprise and a pleasant one I would say
because clearly this time Saudi has
really triggered the red lines of
unacceptable conduct even in our broken
dysfunctional government here in the
United States and so it's remarkable
that
bs has actually managed to bring
together our dysfunctional Senate and
senators to act in a unified voice to
demand accountability and promise
sanctions which is what they should be
doing so it's actually heartening but
ruler let me put this to you as much as
we're glad that Western governments the
US government is taking interest in this
case and in the fate of Jamal khashoggi
and asking for an investigation asking
for questions to be answered isn't it a
little bit depressing that it required
the disappearance and possible murder of
poor Jamarcus yogi for US senators and a
vice president and US media to son and
Tom Friedman to suddenly say oh there's
a problem inside Arabia what about the
war in Yemen that's still going on
regardless of what's happened to Jamal
khashoggi what about all the other
people that Sarah mentioned who have
been detained and tortured and
disappeared in Saudi Arabia yes it it's
depressing disheartening however I will
never forget the words of Kofi Annan who
used to say that the one of the most
important tools to fight human rights
violations and violators is to shed
lights on what they're doing their
action their deeds not what they're
saying for the first time we're seeing
this is implemented however after many
lines were crossed after Mohammed bin
Salman kidnapped the Prime Minister
Hariri and and forced him to resign
after he bombed an entire country and an
uncaused a humanitarian catastrophe
after even he bombed I believe two
months ago a school bus in Yemen killing
40 children however I think in this case
it touches us very close because Jamal
was working for a u.s. organization was
a US residence and knew many of the
people who wrote that Hamad bin Salman
was a reformer Sarah last question to
you you knew Jamal well you spoke to his
fiancee
shortly afterwards when he walked into
that consular do you think he knew how
big the risk was that he was taking I
don't know I think he had been given
assurances before the prior week when he
had gone to the consulate to request
this document and they told him to come
back I think he believes that his
contacts in Turkey with both Saudi
government representatives and the
Turkish government added an additional
measure of security and sometimes we
believe what we want to believe and what
Jamil wanted was a certificate attesting
to his divorce so that he could marry
his fiancee and start a new life and you
know love sometimes makes us to take
risks that we wouldn't otherwise take
and and that's that's the best way I can
think of this that Jamal's heart was
speaking when he walked into that
consulate we'll have to leave it there
the Saudis say they did not kill him
never have I wanted to believe the Saudi
government more sarolea wits and
religious real thanks for joining me on
upfront Thank You Marty a record number
of women are running for office in the
United States this year in this week's
reality check upfront producer Elizabeth
Walsh explains why this is still not
enough to close the political gender gap
remember the millions of people around
the world who don't for women's rights
after Donald Trump was sworn into office
run for office yourself
well that momentum has emboldened nearly
600 women to run for office in the
United States more than ever before this
year a record number of women are
running for office women candidates are
breaking all kinds of records it's
impressive
it's progress but actually the United
States still trails behind most other
countries women represent 51% of the
American population but make up less
than 20% of the US Congress why are so
few women elected it's the political
system unlike more gender equal nations
that have embraced contemporary voting
systems the u.s. still has
winner-takes-all elections which give
enormous power to incumbents who are
primarily white men and keep candidates
without personal wealth support on the
home front or career flexibility
disproportionately women from running
and let's not forget but it's only
female politicians who must deal with
sexism it's not just the campaign trail
erratic work schedules low pay rates
geographic distance and unfair
leadership selection processes makes
serving a challenge for many women so
how have countries like Rwanda Sweden
and Costa Rica succeeded well for one
thing they've embraced more modern and
more democratic voting systems to make
it easier for women and minorities to
get elected they've also introduced
family-friendly hours to the legislative
workplace and designated an equal number
of leadership roles within their
Parliament's to women and they actively
recruit women today half of the
countries of the world use some type of
electoral quota for their Parliament's
not a fan of quotas you should be
studies show they helped to weed out
incompetent men plus more women and
government is good for everyone
experts found that women direct anywhere
between 20% and 100% more spending to
their voters they sponsor more
legislation and female members are more
likely than male members to take on
committee assignments that reflect the
interests and demands of their districts
sounds refreshing particularly given the
u.s. Congress's miserable approval
rating of
17% clearly women get stuff done maybe
it's time the United States stopped
holding them back the UN's
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate
Change published a report earlier this
week which warned that unless we make
unprecedented changes to the global
economy the world could experience
severe food shortages extreme weather
conditions and the displacement of
millions of people in just 20 years but
with the United States under Donald
Trump vowing to leave the Paris climate
agreement rollback environmental
regulations and increase fossil fuel
usage is it even possible to avert the
coming climate disaster joining me to
discuss this is Gina McCarthy former
head of the US Environmental Protection
Agency the EPA under Barack Obama Gina
thanks for joining me on upfront well
it's great to be here Mary Thank You
Gina the IPCC's dramatic report this
week says we have just 12 years until
2030 to make unprecedented changes to
prevent catastrophic climate chaos does
that timeline from the IPCC surprised
you did it shock you well I think there
were there was news here one was that no
longer are we looking for a two-degree
goal we're looking for a one point five
degree goal that means is going to be
steeper and hotter and have to be faster
they're doing that because they're
already seeing that we're experiencing
some catastrophic problems already
we cannot afford the luxury of thinking
that we can keep emitting carbon
pollution and to allow us to get to a
two-degree world it's just not going to
be sustainable but the other thing it
did is it said that that we have the
scientific knowledge we have the
technical capacity and we have the
financial capacity to be able to address
this what we're essentially lacking is
political will and that could stem from
people not making the demands on our
government and it can also I think
provide us an opportunity now to speak
with a bigger voice and a louder voice
we need action now the IPCC report says
quote there is no documented historic
precedent for the scale of the action
needed now to limit global warming to
1.5 degrees Celsius and
you have a recent study showing that a
hundred corporations just 100
corporations are responsible for 71
percent of the global greenhouse gas
emissions since 1988 that suggests that
this is systemic that suggests that the
economic system needs to be changed
root and branch if we're going to stop
climate chaos well the only thing I know
that changes systems is demand from
people more broadly and more loudly than
we're demanding it today that's what I
want to have happen I don't disagree
with you in some ways if we can identify
the major shifts and systems we need
then we have an ability to tackle it and
you say you know the demands need to be
made agreed but what are the demands for
do you agree or do disagree with people
like Naomi Klein the author and activist
or Kevin Anderson deputy director of the
Tyndall Center for climate change
research in the UK who say that it's
basically capitalism versus the planet
right now well I don't you know that's
that's even a broader systemic issue
then I think we need to tackle today
let's let's think about the fact that we
have solutions on the table today that
if we more broadly put those out and
provide the right incentives we can make
change happen I think the u.s. in a
capitalistic society can find ways of
generating market-based strategies that
have the kind of broad impact that we
need so I don't think it's the form of
government it's the ability for people
to speak to government demand leadership
that is going to make solutions happen
today and invest in the kind of
solutions we need over the long term but
the reality is the President of the
United States right now is basically a
climate change denier who thinks climate
change is a Chinese hoax whose response
to the IPCC report was to ask who drew
it surely it's a disaster for anti
climate change efforts that he's the
president of the United States the
country historically responsible for
most carbon emissions at this moment in
history look it you're not going to have
me defending President Trump I know what
he did in terms of announcing getting
out of Paris
was against the science it was against
the law it was a a decision
that didn't recognize our moral
responsibility here but in the United
States you can continue to make progress
at the local level you can continue to
make progress at the city level at the
state at the regional level now do I
think we're where we need to be I wish I
did
I know we're not but that doesn't mean
that we're all going to sit around and
wait for President Trump to tell the
rest of the world that the u.s. is not
going to participate we are going to
participate people are stepping up and
we are going to do the best we can so
you served under a previous leader your
old boss President Obama did take
climate change seriously and got
plaudits for signing on the u.s. to the
Paris climate agreement in 2015 rightly
so some of his supporters say he'll be
remembered at least in his second term
if not his first as the climate
president but it was also under Obama's
watch that oil production rose at the
fastest rate in the hundred and 50 year
history of the u.s. oil industry and he
also presided over the highest US
natural gas production levels in history
well I mean clearly we didn't control
everything because that's not actually
what government has an ability to do but
I think this president sent all the
right signals about the importance of
climate I think he he turned at least to
a great record in the second half of his
administration on actions to take is
there more to do do we have to now deal
with the fact that natural gas was one
of the transition fuel or the bridge
fuel that got us away from coal yes it
is now do we have to deal with natural
gas we sure do
so the challenges remain but the fact
that he provided leadership domestically
in the US and internationally is
undeniable in his personal commitment
undeniable it was important for the
world you say undeniable James Hansen
I'm sure you know the legendary former
NASA scientist who brought climate
change to the world's attention 30 years
ago he says in an upcoming book that
President Obama quote failed miserably
on climate change and oversaw policies
that were quote late ineffectual and
partisan what do you say to him well I
mean I think he's a great scientist but
I think it's very hot always to get
scientists to understand that there is a
system in which policies get made
and decisions get made I'm not denying
the science but translating science into
political will is a difficult thing and
I believe we have failed to broaden the
engagement to human beings to make them
understand that it's not about polar
bears
it's not about ice sheets it's about
them their family and our collective
future when researchers from MIT in the
University of Chicago came out in 2016
and said quote if the past 35 years is
any guide the world is likely to be
awash in fossil fuels for decades
perhaps even centuries to come that's
the reality isn't it and that's why it's
hard to be optimistic when it comes to
tackling this existential threat from
climate change it's hard all of this is
very difficult but you know I'm 64 years
old the world is nowhere near what it
used to be 35 years ago and it and it's
going to be remarkably changed in the
next 20 because that's what science is
demanding and that's what we have to
produce a low-carbon future as a future
that's healthier that's safer where our
national security is protected and where
individuals can have the kind of clean
air and water that they need to survive
that's our only choice that's the future
we need to run to not be afraid to
embrace Gina McCarthy I hope you're
right thanks for joining me on upfront
it's great to be here Mary thank you
that's our show
upfront we'll be back next week
you
