or even Dae rendre a pledge of support
for Iran's nuclear deal Russia Iran
Kazakhstan promising to fully implement
the three old agreements despite the
u.s. pulling out of course our country
cannot be but worried about the Iran
nuclear program u.s. withdraw from the
comprehensive plan of action can further
destabilize the situation Rasha
is in favor of consistent and
unconditional implementation of the deal
Putin spoke at the Shanghai Cooperation
organisation or SCO summit held in the
eastern city of Qingdao Russia is one of
the eight seo members together these
countries represent 40 percent of the
world's population and 20 percent of
global GDP
well hegemony and a power politics still
persist in the world the growing coffer
more just and equitable international
order must be heeded democracy
international relations is an
unstoppable trend at the times the SEO
was formed 17 years ago mainly to
strengthen security cooperation but
trade issues have become important to
some SEO members are involved in
building infrastructure for China's
belton road project dubbed as the New
Silk Road to boost 21st century
economies in the coming few years as you
most likely will pick up more security
considerations or geopolitical
considerations and the cooperation among
SEO members involving the observer
States insecurity or even for example
moving into quasi military cooperation
will not be impossible therefore SEO is
expanding its mission is moving forward
to deal better with the new challenges
in the world and as the u.s. is
apparently becoming increasingly
isolated from its allies because of
Trump's policies and tariffs and his
readiness to withdraw from trade climate
and nuclear deal
the unity presented at the SEO is in
stark contrast to the g7 summit in
Canada where Donald Trump refused to
endorse the final communique
some analysts say the unified message
from China also presents a challenge to
the Western LED world order
Florence lui al Jazeera Beijing
