thick black smoke over the rasathi
district in eastern Baghdad Iraq's
Ministry of Interior say the fire
started in a building used to store
ballot boxes and electronic voting
machines from the disputed parliamentary
election a month ago Iraq's Parliament
voted last week for a countrywide manual
recount of all ballots after allegations
of voting fraud one MP said the fire was
started deliberately and called on the
government to better protect buildings
where ballot boxes are being stored
there are importance ballots boxes in
there
firefighters are inside trying to put
out the fire earlier in the day nine
judges were appointed to oversee the
manual recount of votes nationwide the
process is expected to take at least a
couple of weeks the government sacked
senior members of the Election
Commission which oversaw the vote
counting prime minister haider al-abadi
has banned them from leaving the country
and warned that anyone suspected of
being involved in election fraud could
face criminal charges
there are first election since the
defeat of ISIL was praised for the lack
of violence in the run-up to and during
polling day on May the 12th but since
then much has changed allegations of
fraud leading to Parliament's vote for a
countrywide manual recount of throne the
transparency of this election into doubt
a fire at a building containing
potential proof of how people voted will
only make accusations of voter rigging
even louder cha Strafford al jazeera
Baghdad
