the Saudi Arabian traffic department
releases a video showing women in Riyadh
receiving their driver's licenses
it's been decades in the making with
just two weeks before women are free to
drive but some women's rights activists
will not be behind the wheel but behind
bars
Lehane Hoefler was the first to be
arrested in a government crackdown that
began on the 15th of May security forces
then swept up blogger Eman and Afghan
activist and professor Aziza Yusuf human
rights lawyer
Ibrahim moody mech and one of the
kingdom's early feminists Asia Albania
she took part in a 1990 campaign to lift
the driving ban they could face up to 20
years in prison the Saudi state news
agency did confirm arrests on the 18th
of May saying seven suspects were
charged as foreign agents reporting they
dared to violate the country's religious
and national pillars and last week the
Saudi public prosecutor reported
coordinated moves to undermine the
security of the kingdom seventeen people
had been arrested eight were released
the government has not said what threat
to security the activists pose but
analysts say Saudi leadership want to
ensure the lifting of the driving ban
has seen as a gift rather than a
concession to domestic or international
pressure they are telling the women a
message that you should not ask for more
rights including you know ending mail
guardianship system the right of women
to issue their passports without male
consent or it's very alarming and we are
very much concerned about what's going
on in Saudi Arabia right now right now
the kingdom is trying to modernize but
it has come at the cost of a crackdown
last year academics religious leaders
and activists were detained or Riyadh's
ritz-carlton hotel became a prison for
summer Saudis wealthiest men the Saudi
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman
promoting a more modern Kingdom globally
while neutering challenges at home
Charlotte Bellis al Jazeera
