Nigeria's superheroes are training hard
for this year's World Cup in Russia the
focus is on winning and advancing in the
biggest sporting event in the world a
dispute over salaries and bonuses caused
to controversy during the last World Cup
in Brazil four years ago officials here
say that was a turning point we sat down
with the players the captain under way
the course and agree clearly what is
your bonus for this participation in the
World Cup already we agree when the
McGrady paid offered so that money is
now does the qualifying bonus for the
World Cup and that money has now been
put aside officials say the players were
paid 2.8 million dollars for qualifying
team officials say they want to avoid a
repeat of what happened in a previous
World Cup in 2014 when Nidoran players
refused to train ahead of their match
the promised prompt payment of
allowances this time I promise that
officials have failed to keep in the
past some players say with a signed
agreement their pay worries are put
aside for now the focus is on the task
at hand fighting their way out of a
group why they are considered the
underdogs we like where we've been
placed we don't want to be one of the
favorites so I think this will give the
team a bit more motivation to prove the
you know the critics the prove people
wrong that we can actually do much
better than they think we can do so
Nigeria will be playing Argentina
Croatia and Iceland as they try to
advance from the group stages many will
be watching to see if indeed football
officials and players have learned
lessons from 2014 Hamid agrees
al-jazeera poor target
