every Friday night Manito TV a Persian
language satellite channel based in
London invites viewers to turn back the
clock to Nelly Zaman or Time Tunnel
delivers a feast of archival footage
showcasing life in Iran under its last
Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi what viewers
see is a vision of a liberal and stylish
Iran led by a benevolent King it's
enough to make you wonder why the 1979
revolution and the overthrow of the Shah
ever happened you see women out and
about on the beach on University
campuses in the workplace participating
in sports images of the Shah and his
wife his third wife usually they impress
a father always looking very beautiful
looking very glamorous the idea is look
at how how beautiful and happy and
fashionable everybody was in the past
unlike how we are now I found it quite
extraordinary when I visited Iran a few
years ago to find out that almost every
person in Iran was familiar with monitor
what guaranteed the channel success was
their access to Iranian archive footage
from the period before the Revolution s
mouthful both in Maputo he has bought a
coffee knee over on sallyandsacha Luna
shiruko name
cable solid a nice rubbery r-value borer
mask approximation Manito started its
broadcast for audiences inside Iran to
provide them with entertainment and news
that they would otherwise not receive
certainly all the channels inside Iran
are censored certain topics are taboo
Naruto provided those topics such as
monarchy which has been the biggest
taboo
when Manito launched in 2010 it entered
an already crowded market Iranian media
outlets broadcasting in exile the first
wave of Iranian emigration took place in
the lead-up to the 1979 revolution mass
protests against the shot his oppressive
government and his brutal secret police
the SAVAK would bring him down the
popular uprising eventually coalesced
behind the country's new leader
Ayatollah Khomeini and in 1979 the
Islamic Republic was born many Iranian
emigrants ended up in Los Angeles which
became a hub for Persian media
production in the 80s after that
wherever Iranians were migrating to new
media outlets were taking root the
external TV of the 80s Missouri bra it
was very immediate so they were
appealing to a nostalgia literally
yesterday or you know just last year a
few years ago and they were also
appealing to the sense of loss and
unrooted miss that that folks were
feeling as new exiles their programming
was mostly music and films and in some
politics when satellite technology
emerged and there was a possibility to
broadcast into Iran you saw then a shift
and more of an emphasis on political
content and calls for action and calls
for new even revolution the channels
that come out of Los Angeles the
Diaspora channels are overtly political
clearly very anti Islamic Republic in
terms of their output many of them are
monarchists certainly very nationalists
and they're so politically natural fact
it's so obvious well the direction is
that I think their impact is probably
lesson Berlin
you know I guess you're not sorry good
if thoughts were there or pushback Tonia
I'm a little bit poor host a Iran that's
me and get a thank you
in Marcia I was broken and those
channels that have a less clear
political agenda and really have a more
of an entertainment agenda I think they
have great attraction in Iran
after la came to buy gem TV and farsi
one set up shop there
adding Turkish and Mexican soap operas
dubbed often poorly into Persian to the
mix then came Minato out of London
mannitol's stock-in-trade is
entertainment laced with nostalgia
politics isn't absent from its
programming it's less ham-fisted glossy
er they had this program called Google
Music Academy which was like a music
talent show and it was named you know
for Google which the pre-revolutionary
singer and and diva and she's the she's
like the lead judge on the show a lot of
the songs that they sing is part of the
competition are songs from the
pre-revolutionary era what's happening
is a really interesting dynamic it's a
very subtle appeal to that time pass and
it brings in a new audience for at a
younger audience that can now have their
own memories with songs from the
pre-revolutionary era they produced a
very influential documentary on the
founder of the pattern of a dynasty reza
shah it's a largely sanitized reading of
the rain it has to be said but as the
hon being tardy be more wife a twisted
or a hiccup or cheeky but boss Gary Don
then I am niet Benihana should them is
very rosy it's very positive
they're obviously producing an agenda
but it's done in a quite subtle way it's
not so over to stand put people off
immediately
Omar LaMotta Yavapai ban - local zindagi
aha Nevada Ribeiro yesh mashter AHA Mia
dashed by the horror guys oh yeah sure
Taliban hi Misha like an order bachelor
yesh McCord
the younger generation have this
impression that before the Revolution
there was no poverty in Iran and
certainly Manito would not discuss the
civic torture or the censorship of
cinema newspapers and the Parliament
just as the Iranian government
selectively chooses footage to create a
very negative image of that time Manito
cherry-picks glorious and beautiful
archives that do not provide a true
picture of historical reality to viewers
past which according to some who run
aspera media outlets like Nazanin ansari
the managing editor of the Cahan london
website pro monarchy output is
fulfilling a real audience demand for us
in kahan london every single time that
we put anything to do with monarchy with
reza shah with in oman madrazo shah with
Reza Pahlavi the clicks go up high there
is a demand it's not as if we are
providing them with a sanitized version
people want it because they look at back
at history and they see in those days
they were proud a proud nation minutos
funding is a mystery the channel won't
speak about its large budget the
unanswered questions have spawned
numerous theories that the BBC the CIA
the Pallavi family the Saudi government
or even the Islamic Republic itself are
all possible sources of the funding we
requested an interview with minato to
discuss the channels finances and
programming they wrote back saying they
have a strict policy of not speaking
with other media outlets this is one
thing that journalist zoom on where does
manna to get its funding for us que Han
London a lot of Iranians provide us with
funds but they don't want their names to
be known man or Torres well and
certainly if you come and ask me who are
my funders I will not tell you it's a
very tough market and why should monitor
tell people who which Iranian czar
funding it
in December last year there were
demonstrations across Iran over the
crippled economy high unemployment and
rising food prices amidst the raised
voices was a small contingent of
protesters calling the names of the
pallavi's that of the founder of the
dynasty reza shah and even that of the
us-based crown prince reza pahlavi his
grandson
I believe that Minato had an active role
in these protests when we heard the
chants in favor of the Pallavi family
their programs have caused the new
generation who haven't experienced life
in the Iran of the 70s to now own the
nostalgia that once belonged to their
parents and to view that time as a lost
paradise right here Bhd would give my as
destiny this nostalgia has been
generated by the Islamic Republic itself
rather than than basically creating a
new generation that detest the
pre-revolutionary period they've
actually produced a new generation that
are much more interested in what that
period was about now part of this to be
honest is because even the worst aspects
of the Shah
when it came to political repression for
instance there's been multiplied several
times over by the Islamic Republic what
people are producing is popular history
for the masses it's not necessarily good
history I have to tell you but it's
popular story you know it's going out
and people are lapping it up
