the g7 summit in Canada began in crisis
and ended in conflict u.s. president
Donald Trump came late left early and
seated no ground as the United States
has been taken advantage of for decades
and decades and we can't do that anymore
I congratulate the leaders of other
countries for so crazily being able to
make these trade deals that were so good
for their country and so bad for the
United States neither did the six other
world leaders at the g7 summit they were
united in opposing Trump's tariffs on
steel and aluminum a move they say is
likely to spark a trade war after Trump
left early the host of the summit
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau
fired back I highlighted directly to the
president
that Canadians did not take it lightly
that the United States has moved forward
with significant tariffs on our steel
and aluminium industry particularly did
not take lightly the fact that it's
based on a national security reason that
it's kind of insulting but we also will
not be pushed around Trump from Air
Force One on his way to Singapore to
meet North Korean leader Kim jong-un
sent off an angry tweet calling Trudeau
dishonest and weak all seven nations had
papered over the trade spat signing an
agreement that vaguely endorsed quote
free fair and mutually beneficial trade
without defining it that agreement is
now moot in another tweet from Air Force
One
Trump revoked his signatures saying
quote based on Justin's false statements
at his news conference and the fact that
Canada is charging massive tariffs to
our US farmers workers and companies I
have instructed our reps not to endorse
the communique Trudeau's office tweeted
back quote the Prime Minister said
nothing he hasn't said before both in
public and in private conversations with
the president this picture captures the
global tension and that was before the
Twitter war this year's g7 is already
going down as the g6 +16 members on one
side and President Trump on the other
he's a summit six of the members hoped
would end by de-escalating a budding
trade war that instead has ended up
accelerating it but it was Trudeau who
had the support of his fellow g7 members
where we disagree with our allies on
something it is right that we say so and
err the issue openly and frankly we have
done just that at this summit
registering our deep disappointment at
the unjustified decision by the u.s. to
apply tariffs to EU steel and aluminium
imports as the g7 leaders returned home
they leave more divided than ever
John Hendren al Jazeera Quebec City
Canada
