in the six months since becoming
Chancellor Sebastian courts has taken an
even tougher line on immigration and
what he says is the threat from parallel
societies forming in his country now
he's turning his sights on what he calls
political Islam do you mean in height
that we can't give him to us we can
announce to you today a decision from
the Office of Religious Affairs that
leads the prohibition of the activities
of several mosques
this means dissolving the gray Wolf's
mosque and secondly shutting down the
Arabic cultural community that operates
a total of six mosques in addition to
the closures these measures could also
see dozens of Imams face expulsion from
Austria several of whom ministers in
Vienna believe are funded by elements
inside Turkey a spokesman for the
Turkish government has condemned the
move as racist and anti Islam courts has
long advocated a toughening of approach
but forming a coalition with the
far-right anti Islam freedom party last
December seems to have been the catalyst
for him to act in April his government
announced plans to prevent girls in
nurseries and primary schools from
wearing headscarves we have a new
climate political climate here in
Austria since the last election and with
the new government that has been in
power for a little more than half a year
you see various measures taken against
foreigners against immigrants against
Islam and so on and so forth this is
just one more step or one more measure
and their policy and that's what will
interest far-right movements across
Europe but particularly in France the
Netherlands and here in Berlin where the
alternative for Germany party made a
parliamentary breakthrough in last
year's election on a platform of
opposition to Islam dominic came al
jazeera berlin three darphus from
Georgetown University says the Austrian
government is trying to interfere in
religious affairs there's a message that
is intended to be sent out to the
Austrian electorate I think there are
many groups outside of of Austria and
other European countries who may applaud
them who may try to to copy what they
are doing but we have to understand that
also the state church relation is very
different in varied in various countries
throughout Europe
so Austria has a kind of a very specific
understanding of what circularity and
secularism should look like and what
they are doing at the moment is trying
to interfere into religious affairs so
while in the United States you have the
understanding that secularism means that
the state is far away from religion in
Austria in terms of the Muslims only it
seems that they are trying to really
define what a good religion should look
like and what a bad religion should look
looks like so they are kind of
redefining the good Islam versus the bad
Islam this is the game they are playing
and it is not really about political
Islam it is rather it really about the
common Muslims because when they close
down the mosques this is not like the
mosque of radical extremist groups this
is like very randomly like mosques of
established communities of the Islamic
religious community
