Anthony Bourdain's career spanned
continents but his love of the
restaurant business had humble
beginnings he started out as a
dishwasher before becoming a chef in New
York his best-selling memoir about the
underbelly of Manhattan's restaurant
business changed his life and launched a
TV career I went from a guy you know
broke always been had been broke never
insured never owned anything perpetually
in debt
hard-working guide overnight the guy
with the best job in the world with the
freedom to travel around the world doing
anything he wants and and get paid for
it the 61 year old was filming a series
in France for CNN Network says Anthony
Bourdain committed suicide and released
a statement his talents never ceased to
amaze us and we will miss him very much
thoughts and prayers are with his
daughter and family at this incredibly
difficult time Bourdain's death comes
just days after fashion icon Kate Spade
apparently took her own life
spades husband and business partner said
the 55 year old suffered from depression
and anxiety for years suicide rates
across the u.s. have jumped dramatically
over the past decade in 2016 there were
nearly 45,000 suicides more than twice
the number of murders among the young
suicide is now the second leading cause
of death Bourdain won dozens of awards
for his work in 2013
judges for one prestigious award honored
him for expanding our palates and
horizons in equal measure and a
Gallacher al Jazeera
