leaders of seven of the world's
wealthiest nations made a show of unity
in a fractured family hours earlier
after leaders of the g7 annual summit in
Canada complained of US tariffs Trump
was less diplomatic they don't mention
the fact that they have trade barriers
isolated on trade Trump appeared vaguely
hopeful in meetings with French
president Emmanuel macron and the
summit's host Canadian President Justin
Trudeau the relationship is probably
better as good or better than it's ever
been and I think we'll get to something
very beneficial to Canada and to the
United States Trump leaves hours before
the summit ends on Saturday that makes
it unclear whether the US will sign on
to an annual g7 agreement usually a
formality or if it does whether that
agreement will mention trade the
situations and D positions are very
clear the president view as things that
the US have been treated in an unfair
way by to negotiate on the trade Trump
also proposed allowing Russia back into
an expanded g8 after Russia was ejected
for the 2014 invasion of Ukraine
Italy's Jews FA Conte agreed but
Canada's foreign minister voiced the
view of the rest of the g7 Canada's
position is absolutely clear that there
are no grounds whatsoever for bringing
Russia with its current behavior back
into the g7 the diplomatic drama inside
the meeting is not matched on the
streets two hours drive from the summit
in Charlevoix 9000 well armed police
outnumber the few hundred peaceful
demonstrators John Hendren al Jazeera
Quebec City Canada
