hi I'm for me okay and I'm Malika Bilal
and you're in the stream now live on
YouTube today is show pitched by you our
online community will look at China's
so-called re-education camps from Muslim
leaders and in Uganda attacks on social
media every day on Twitter and Facebook
we ask for your story ideas and you
delivered our first segment was pitched
to us from Uganda to Uganda's one called
Mike who talks about an order from the
President to tax social networks and
then canary reports cause they're simply
the social media tax in Uganda so
starting in July Uganda will tax its
citizens 200 shillings and that's about
five US cents per day for using social
media networks including whatsapp
Twitter and Skype supporters of the tax
say it will help alleviate the country's
debt but what impact will it have
elsewhere joining us to talk about this
we have Roseville cougar Mary she is a
journalist and activist who's been
following this story
Roseville good to have you here any
indication that this was coming up for
people using social platforms would be
charged a daily rate where did that come
from I think this came from two aspects
the fact that we have a very huge public
date and that the government of
President Museveni has failed to find
really a very good ways to cut down that
public date which would be cutting down
his government spending and his funding
of his patronage system that sustains
him in power that's the only way he can
cut that public date but we are getting
taxed for social to use social media in
the name of cutting public dates which
is not going to even do much for that we
had some speculation and some people
guesstimating why they think this is
going to come into place this is Grace
she says the president and the comms
regulatory authority have mostly
attributed this tax to the increase in
gossip on so
show media which directly translates
into limiting freedom of speech the
government has been threatening over the
years to find a solution to this
quote-unquote
gossip problem and now they have
Roosevelt what does that mean what does
gossip mean to the government I think
this has to be understood the spirit of
the of the policy that brought these
talks in the purpose of these talks is
really to curtail freedom of expression
which has been happening outside the
control of the state and with social
networks the government has been really
unable to find a way to absolutely have
an impact we have seen a few times
they've arrested people for expression
online we have seen during the 2016
elections we were shut down on on what's
up in Facebook and in Twitter for the
government to make sure that the message
doesn't go out to stop people from
mobilizing or any likely mobilization
against the results which many people
believe were rigged so we have seen
these moves in the past but they have
not been able to really be successful
this is the first step they are trying
to deploy a monetary way of curtailing
the freedom of expression in random
right as well I'm just trying to think
the sort of thing that might upset
president and the Savini on whatsapp or
Twitter image an election so elections
are always contentious and there's a
political back-and-forth is it just
about the politics and perhaps
opposition voices or is it more than
that that's happening on these social
platforms where the government is
getting irritated at the way people are
talking we have to understand that this
is a 32 year old regime and governing
the country whose average ages around 15
years you Ganon's this best when you
look at you know less than 30 years they
are about 70 percent this is a young
population looking for real real
solutions from its governmental this
government is not giving solutions so
this has nothing to do with maybe form
opposition but also growing
is content within the country in the
ability for young people to be online
and formulate and mobilize ensure that
they there they can be hard and they can
organize their voices to be hard weather
which didn't occur in the past without
social media networks so with that
platform the government is really scared
of these debates that have never dealt
with it before so Roosevelt here at
you're saying Anthony actually we got a
response to the point that you just
raised via Twitter this is a boy who
says social media is the only platform
the public uses to criticize the
government and all of its organs for
poor service delivery by imposing the
tax on them it will minimize further
usage and criticism so that's one
person's view but I want to turn to who
this will affect we got a video comment
from a journalist in Uganda this is
Lydia and this is who she thinks will be
most affected very many of them spend 20
cents a day ten cents a day on binders
to access social media so an extra five
cents is between 20 to 50 percent more
than they've been spending so I think
yes it will be prohibitive all those
sorts of uses basically the baby will
look out people who are not yet online
and people who are just starting to
experiment with the platforms as well
who do you think will be most impacted
by this we have to do cut low-income
earners in Uganda and the first fact
that we have high unemployment youth
unemployment rate and like Lydia says
Ugandan young people who are actually
very active here using the varied or
Bandos we call them to access the
Internet and they have always find the
chip is to engage in the conversation we
have to remember you might think that
200 shillings is something small but
studies have shown that Uganda is one of
the countries in Africa with a high one
of the highest levies on on Internet
access the cost is still very high so
when they make it higher
cutoff people from best access so this
does not make sense and we still we only
have 18 percent of our population using
mobile internet connections
rasam I'm just looking at a quote here
on my laptop it's from president of
seven he said this back in March of this
year
I'm not going to propose a tax on
internet use for educational research or
reference purposes these must remain
free in fact the idea of having an
internet that's very accessible that
people can get to that's very important
for Uganda so I'm just wondering is it
possible to have both things how do you
know if something is looking up a source
for information for their schoolwork or
posting on Twitter how will you even
place this I think trying to tax these
services Twitter or Facebook and what's
up and messaging apps in the classifying
them as not educational it's really
pedestrian that's not understanding what
the Internet's provides in what is
platform provide or everyday online I
see you got young Ugandan advertising
their products exchanging information
about opportunities these are drivers of
the economy so when you cut out
communication people are not going to be
googling the economy is driven by
connections in how many much people can
be connected is how you can grow the
economy but to try to say you only
available and not other messaging
platforms where people can really
connect to the outer world
I think that's lack of understanding
really what this what the internet
provides for this country so Roosevelt
perhaps not surprisingly a lot of the
conversation online is ok this tax comes
into place where will the money actually
go this is one person who says
consolidation of power by the occupying
regime he says it's costing to Uganda a
lot taxes wouldn't be a bad thing if
they were channeled to the right cause
of service delivery however most of the
revenue is talent channeled into means
of how the current regime can sustain
its grip on power leading to this
question from some who says will the
government tell how it intends to use
the tax Roosevelt do you know
I don't even think that we should be
asking that we already know how our
government you know who gets
supplementary funding every time that
the president dishes out money to his
supporters in broad daylight we just
finished an election in one of the parts
of the country just a parliamentary
election the president gave or almost 5
billion just for free and this is all
taxpayers money so there's no doubt that
the use of taxpayers money in in Uganda
has been seen by studies that we have a
corrupt government which cannot be
easily accountable we lack social basic
social services and we have to remember
the last year that incarceration of one
of the activists dr. Stella Yangtze when
she actually pressed the president and
his wife on provision of as something as
super sanitary towels for adults and
girls who are dropping out of school
we have cancer machines breaking down in
patients lying for months without any
health care anyways to any health
facility in Uganda we'll leave you in
shock in utter shock so every day you
see Ugandan is rallying around to really
pull money together to aid a relative to
go to India South Africa to Kenya for
treatment we really have a crippling
health care system so we can't be asking
where this money is going to go if they
have not been doing this I don't think
that the money from social media tax is
going to be any different
Rosewall Katamari thank you so much for
joining us on the string today to tell
us about the our becoming social media
attacks in Uganda thank you it's next
story what's pitched to us from Maya on
Twitter who asked us to cover what she
called the oppression of China's weaker
population from forced interracial
marriages to political re-education
camps thousands of weaker Muslims in
China's Western Xinjiang region have
been reportedly detained in these
so-called re-education camps where they
are forced to renounce their cultural
and religious identities the detentions
are part of China's efforts to influence
the politics of a population that
Beijing sees as prone to committing acts
of violence so to talk more about the
reasons for why this is happening with
us is virus shamsuddin she is the
Chinese outreach coordinator for the
Weger Human Rights Project and joining
us via Skype is Ryan thumb a professor
of history at Loyola University in New
Orleans he is the author of the book the
sacred routes of Weger history welcome
to the stream both of you I want to
start with a personal story we got a
couple of them on Twitter and of course
we're not able to independently verify
all of the facts in them people are
sharing them and they're resonating so
shad domani says I haven't been able to
talk to my family for almost two years
now when there's quick contact they
asked me to use Chinese rather than
Weger I just got to know that my dad was
taken to one of the camps three months
ago and he had heart and leg surgeries
just not long before that he continues
that my dad is a law abiding citizen and
the only reason I can make sense of his
detention is that he traveled to Dubai
and Turkey even by saying this I'm
already risking further arrests of my
other family members this is a viral
what do we know about these camps who
gets put into a camp the re-education
camps are before talk about re-education
camps I just would like to briefly talk
about who they are like him my name is
wada as you know I'm a vaguer as well
I'm from this part of China which is
trying to call it North West part of
China's Xinjiang Uighur autonomous
region but vigorous call it East
Turkestan in history the rigorous
themselves stablished twice the own
country of origin and in here we talk
about the re-education camps the why is
happening today is because the
previously in its Turkestan the this
kind of camps are exist truth before as
well but it got worse since 2017 as you
just have heard this story this sending
or detaining Leaguers in to re-education
camps is just the horrifying right now
like even myself I haven't been able to
contact with my family members for three
years right now and the recent two years
it's just impossible because the China's
government is detaining any Weger like
detaining many leaguers to those
so-called reeducation
camps of concentration camps just the
simply because of either those vigorous
travel to overseas or they have
intention to travel to overseas or they
have practice of religion or they
identify themselves of a guru or just
that they are stronger about the bigger
identity just simply being a vaguer
China's gone are treating them as a
crime the vaguer my identity is kind of
crying right now that's why so many
people detained right now the Chinese
according to Chinese statistics say that
they say there are 11 million million
bigger Muslims but now the 1 million
vigorous are detained in those detention
camps simply just very absurd reasons
which is it's very difficult to explain
right I want to bring you into this
conversation via Shawn Zhang who shared
this on Twitter he says I put all the
re-education camps I found in this list
I will keep updating it I clicked on the
list and then he had these extraordinary
pictures which is basically via Google
just to see where he believes these
these places are what exactly happens
there do you know you were able to get
Intel yeah well this is one of the
remarkable things about this phenomenon
is how how much of a trace this is left
online and that's partly because the
Chinese state called for bids from
construction companies to build this
massive network of extra legal detention
centers and so Sean John has done a lot
of interesting work on Twitter locating
these these camps based on the bids that
the Chinese government offered we don't
know a lot what about what goes on in
them there are a few a few people who
have gotten out and who have talked
about their experiences but we don't
know how to use that data because there
are there seemed to be more people who
haven't gotten out then then who have
and so it may be that the experiences of
those who are released are different
from the ones who are still in there but
what we know from the people who
have been released is that there there's
a range of activities from watching
videos and guest lectures from local
security folks or even local university
faculty to chanting of slogans
memorizing Confucian classics Chinese
lessons and then sliding all the way
toward torture and in some cases we have
reports of people who have died in the
camps Sabina I I'm just thinking here
you you set up the first way that you
answered in a way that to give people
who didn't know an introduction to the
Rieger community we have done shows
about the weaker community before I
think the word that I would use would
probably be persecuted but what would
you use the persecute that is good
throughout two years what's happening to
Vegas right now maybe even even even
more even worse I think it's not even
good enough what's happening to Vegas
right now because what we hear that
story is that just Ryan already
mentioned a few like you forcing the
Viggers to you know within the
reeducation forth camps for thing makers
to do the things that they don't wish to
the mainly the the China's gonna focus
on kind of you know that you eradicate
the religious belief of figures the
Islam from the other mind and just re
inventing or reshaping their identity
completely the bigger identity and they
try how do you know that that's what we
hear from the stories you know the
people who came out I mean it's very
difficult to get information out from
the region because of the restriction
that they try on the ground put on the
civilians that the Chinese government
imposing on on the region but that there
are some the Kazakh citizens Kazakh
people you know there are citizens of
Kazakhstan that traveled to is Turkestan
and the detain and they came here and
talked about this experience as well
even we were able to talk to some
people directly a person directly who
came out from that detention camps and
they experienced tell us all the story
that it's just a horrifying for us to
hear I mean the in real life like I can
just imagine what a story to you like
yesterday we heard that the roller
Congress dolphin is awesome mother
passed away and she passed away on May
on May 27th but he just heard Jesse
yesterday and he hasn't seen his mother
for 24 years because of what he is doing
outside of the country and he didn't
know what happened to him her parents or
anyone as well and then just yesterday I
heard that his mother passed away
imagine what could be more worse than
the rigorous happened that kind of
tragic news you hear like this is 21st
century you know you should people just
pick up the phone and talk to someone
anywhere in the world but it's not
happening to us
China the China's grandma says they
claim that they are very powerful
technologically advanced but that
technology is does benefiting any Vegas
both inside and outside
Subbaiah unfortunately you know that
that story is tragic and unfortunately
it sounds similar to this one although
there's not a death that we know of yet
this is how Marat on Twitter who says
thank you for this program I want to
testify to be a witness for my parents
who are ethnic weaker and now
arbitrarily held in a so-called
reeducation camp in Turpan city of the
weaker autonomous region he goes on to
say I have called the local community in
Turpan and whenever I do they hang up on
me or they don't want to give any
information my mother is inside since
April 2017 and they took my father in
last January it's another personal story
they're being shared but Ryan I want to
play a comment for you from Human Rights
Watch just as a senior China senior
researcher Maya Weng and she talks about
why we're seeing this and what if
anything can be done and just to note
that she didn't want her face shown
because of security concerns so have a
listen
I think it is human rights watch for you
that these camps don't promote loyalty I
think the party precisely because they
do not address the underlying problems
that the weavers have long complained
about in China which is pervasive
discrimination nobody is there to
challenge them and the government can
continue these policies without regard
obvious consequences so Ryan she
mentions that no one is there to
challenge the government in their
actions so what can be done well that's
a big question let me start by
commenting on a few things that that we
we just saw especially the contributions
from Twitter which I think really
display well how how common how common
this this problem is it's very difficult
to find a weaker person who doesn't have
someone in their family who has
disappeared into these camps and the the
lack of information that that we see
here is it's also indicative of the
situation on the ground when your family
member does disappear you don't get any
kind of notice about this they just
don't come home one day and in most
cases those people who are disappeared
we don't think they're being charged
charged with anything so this then is
combined with an atmosphere in in which
every movement of every individual in
especially in towns and cities is
monitored by a CCTV system that is often
connected with facial recognition there
are checkpoints every every time you
enter or leave a town or a bus station
or a market place at which people use
their ID cards that are linked to data
about their faces so that they can be
connected through facial through facial
recognition so what this means is that
it's difficult for anyone to go there
and to collect information and it's even
difficult for people who manage to leave
and I I should emphasize for the most
part Chinese Cossacks and Kyrgyz are not
allowed to leave China it's extremely
difficult all of their passports were
confiscated starting around 2007 was the
first round so it's very difficult to
leave and then those who do leave suffer
from threats to their to their families
once they're out it faces particularly
if they if they speak out now to Maya
Long's point it does seem from the
outside unlikely that this kind of
treatment would would improve we Gers
general opinion of the Chinese state
although we shouldn't dismiss the
possibility that Chinese authorities
actually believe that forced repetition
of slogans and things like that might
actually promote some loyalty to the
party the the evidence I've seen
suggests that some people really do
really do believe this
there are probably also parts of the
Chinese state individuals in the Chinese
state who who think like Maya Wong said
that this is this is likely to create a
lot more enemies of the party and what
that means it's going to be much more
difficult to wind down these camps and
to let people out or much less to shut
them to shut them down because that
involves releasing a lot of people whose
lives have been ruined back into back
into the community I just want to show
you
Tabata just a little clip here this is
four years old though it's from a mosque
that's in Cache de and it's Regas
worshipping
issues that we have and a lot of people
are concerned about with the weaker
community is lack of freedom to practice
Islam where is that now that was 2014
but today but today it's impossible on
it this mosque probably you can if you
look at it closely they just change it
even the shapes of the mosques as well
like you know that the on the top of I
don't know whether you have close look
at the some pictures of the mosques they
put Chinese plate on the top quickly cuz
we're right at the end of the program is
it still possible to practice not love
no it's it is possible but some part
it's not but it's restrictive very
restrictive like thank you so much
superhero Thank You Ryan I know we were
have much more to say on this topic will
always be online it at AJ stream thanks
for watching see you next time
