seven years in exile in Lebanon Mahmoud
iuj is now getting ready to go back home
he's from the Syrian town of Marah in
the kalamoon region I use can go back
because he's not considered a security
risk by the Syrian government it's a
decision not every refugee can make we
are fed up and have been humiliated the
United Nations told us that there are no
guarantees when we get back home but we
want to go back that advice has caused
tension between the UN's refugee agency
and the Lebanese foreign ministry which
says the UNHCR is discouraging refugee
returns a claim the UN denies it says it
is carrying out its global mandate which
is to provide support to refugees and
help them we establish their lives in
line with international standards UNHCR
is not deterring returns UNHCR you know
has expressed many times that it
respects the government of Lebanon's
decision that local integration is not
an option Lebanese authorities say a few
thousand refugees displaced by the seven
year long war have already signed up for
what they called voluntary returns and
that thousands of others are willing to
go home Lebanon which is hosting more
than 1 million Syrian refugees has long
complained of the burden it carries
officials say it cost the country about
8 billion dollars a year many refugees
now have economical and not political or
security reasons for staying foreign
ministry officials say much of Syria is
now safe when issue I was telling them
specifically do not return which is not
the mandate the Mandate of the UNHCR at
least that's what they say is that we
want to make sure those people know what
they're doing but what what is actually
happy happening is much more than that
the ministry has now decided to suspend
residency applications submitted by
UNHCR for its staff in Lebanon the
foreign minister is acting in a
caretaker capacity but it does belong to
the ruling Alliance so his decisions
could be a sign of future state policy
some officials are using the refugee
file for political capital they play on
fears about the impact of the prolonged
presence of refugees in the country
those officials belong to the pro Syrian
government camp they want refugee
returns to be coordinated with the
authorities in Damascus as a first step
toward restoring relations with the
Assad government refugees are caught in
the middle and what could become a
contentious political issue large-scale
returns gives legitimacy to the Syrian
government which wants the international
community to provide badly needed funds
for reconstruction the UN insists it
does not encourage or discourage returns
but it is not organizing them while
discussions with Damascus continue on
safeguards that still need to be put in
place sanika dar al jazeera Beirut
