a hundred and twenty-five years ago
Mahatma Gandhi was on a train traveling
to the city of Pretoria South Africa's
capital this reenactment shows Gandhi
sitting in the first-class carriage it
was a time of racial segregation only
white people were allowed to sit here
all natives do travel in the van Gandhi
who was a lawyer from India refused to
move to the back of the train where
black people were supposed to sit
eventually he was thrown off after his
experience Gandhi began a campaign for
an end to racial discrimination and
oppression through nonviolent means he
did it mainly for descendants of Indian
laborers who are working on South
Africa's sugar plantations at the time
the single statement of an eye for an
eye will make the whole world blind is
so relevant today I think the only way
this world can survive today is through
peace love and truth so I think it's
very very relevant today Gandhi stayed
in South Africa for 21 years then he
went back to India to continue his
nonviolent resistance movement
historians say Gandhi was a peacemaker a
man who fought for social and political
reform through passive resistance he
inspired leaders including Nelson
Mandela and u.s. civil rights leader
Martin Luther King but some people
insist he was not a hero two years ago
students and lecturers in Ghana
campaigned to remove a statue of Gandhi
from the main university because of what
they said were his racist comments about
Africans Gandhi was a rampant racist
when he went to the post office and he
saw there was a line for whites and
non-whites he's petitioned basically and
forgive my language said how can you put
us with the kafirs because we are not
barbarians
we come from the civilised Aryan stock
and and and this had a racial theory to
it where he thought Aryans and the
Europeans were joined at the hip and
Africans were one step below some
historians say Gandhi later admitted his
stereotypes of Africans as barbarians
were wrong apartheid ended another
in 1994 but the country is still
struggling to deal with racism and
inequality Gandhi supporters hope his
philosophy of nonviolent resistance
continued to grow and helps shape a new
generation of activists fighting to end
inequality for all South Africans
harue Matassa al jazeera
pietermaritzburg south africa
