there were some tweaks to this year's
direct line with Vladimir Putin out went
the studio audience in came an array of
ministers and regional governors waiting
to explain to watching Russians why gas
prices are too high or holes in the road
unrepaired as usual most of the
discussion was on domestic affairs with
the oft-repeated message that Russia is
heading in the right direction but Putin
rarely wastes an opportunity to tell the
West with its political and financial
pressure sterling Luther defending our
interests must be done consistently not
rudely in the spheres of politics and
economy we have always done that and we
will keep doing that we are always
looking for compromises this pressure
will come to an end when our Western
partners will realize that the methods
they employ are ineffective
counterproductive and harmful to
everyone Russia has highly sophisticated
new weapons in development negotiate
with Russia on global affairs he urged
or risk escalating conflict but when you
Manya they're washed or the
understanding that the third world war
will be the end of civilization this
understanding must restrain us from
extreme and dangerous steps in the
international arena Russia's renewed
capacity for hard power projection is
most apparent right now in Syria and
Putin said there is no immediate end to
Russia's military involvement there
Russia way you mean the hoider sattim
our forces are deployed there to secure
Russia's interests in this vital region
of the world which is very close to our
territory and they will remain there as
long as it is beneficial for Russia it
is one of the features of this event the
topics range from the ultra localize to
those of global significance from topics
of war and peace to those of sport and
entertainments so naturally attention
was paid to the FIFA 2018 World Cup to
you to start in Russia next week putin
assured Russians that stadiums and
facilities must be used properly after
the games to benefit children and
Russian sport and of course he hopes the
home side will
well well you what I should do it not
those three as we hope that our national
soccer team will shoot up in the
upcoming tournament and will show its
best qualities the chances of that are
questionable to say the least as Putin
acknowledged the team's recent form
hasn't exactly been stellar
Rory challenged al-jazeera Moscow
