from the moment war-crimes allegations
first emerged jean-pierre Bemba insisted
he had done nothing wrong the Congolese
businessman became vice-president of the
Democratic Republic of Congo in 2003 but
the year before when he was a rebel
leader member is accused of failing to
stop his private army known as the MLC
from waging a campaign of rape murder
and pillage against civilians in
neighbouring Central African Republic
he'd sent more than a thousand fighters
there to help put down an attempted coup
more tunes were organized groups of
three or four soldiers invaded houses
one by one they stole all the
possessions that could be carried off
and rape the guman and regardless of the
age member never actually issued an
order to rape and murder and during the
course of the five-year trial his
defense team insisted that once his
fighters crossed the border into Central
African Republic they were under the
command of that country's leadership
speaking to al-jazeera in 2007 before
his arrest
bimba brushed aside questions about the
ICC you will know that the International
Criminal Court knows that man I am NOT
of course involve on any of these things
yeah what I'm saying is they they have
you in their sights don't they so no no
that's not true
check your information
so there's no question of you ever
having to go to the hague a daughter
nine years later the ICC unanimously
found bemberg guilty of all charges
against him
three of war crimes and two of crimes
against humanity
bimba became the first to be convicted
for crimes committed by others under his
command it was also the first time the
ICC focused on rape as a weapon of war
bimba was sentenced to 18 years in
prison and later got an extra year and a
fine for interfering with witnesses in
his trial
he's lodged an appeal against his
conviction but prosecutors have - they
want to increase his sentence to 25
years Midian ohand al-jazeera
