a community in mourning in the mountains
of Guatemala lucky de Vilas mother was
one of more than a hundred people who
died after a volcanic eruption buried
the town of San Miguel as Lopez after
days of not knowing lucky will finally
be able to put her mother to rest it's a
small consolation during a time of
immense grief
I give thanks to God that they found my
mother's body they were looking for her
for three days for three days we didn't
know anything until they told us she was
in the morgue it's hard but so many are
still missing many people in my family
are still missing since Sunday's deadly
eruption dozens of bodies have been
handed over to relatives some people
here have been able to get some closure
but two hours away in the city of a
swindler others are just starting the
challenging and sometimes long process
of trying to identify their loved ones
relatives of missing persons come to the
city's morgue family members describe
important physical characteristics blood
samples are then taken for DNA analysis
the work being done here is essential
for people's peace of mind I feel sad I
feel sad because I want my family to be
found and brought to my house even if
it's just the bones I want them in my
house I want to give them a funeral and
a proper Christian burial this is my
wish identifying the dead is a laborious
task while Guatemala might have enough
qualified staff forensics officials say
their budget isn't enough to respond to
a disaster of this magnitude the
cadavers have been exposed to high
temperatures while being buried for days
these has cooked the body's tissues
which could mean the bone cells have
died it's possible we'll have to repeat
some of the tissue and bone samples to
get a genetic profile that means it
could take weeks or even months to
identify the dead and with hundreds
still missing from the eruption that
cost many residents off guard
Guatemalan prosecutors will investigate
whether in vacua ssin procedures were
properly followed David Mercer al
Jazeera Guatemala
