there's no time for settling in Jordan's
new Prime Minister Omar Aziz is getting
straight down to work he takes office
under pressure to come the biggest
protests in years over a tax law critics
say targets the poor and working-class
reza's has promised immediate action to
come up with a new law that suits
everyone and has begun consultations
with MPs the Senate and trade unions one
we've started this morning and we will
go through all of the stages we don't
have any prior positions it will all be
based on dialogue and we're going to
listen to our partners these are
well-established civil society
organizations with a clear voice and a
clear right and this is what the king
has asked us to do today to have an
active dialogue with the people based on
the law in a legitimate way this
dialogue will make people comfortable
reza's is a former World Bank economist
appointed by King Abdullah on Tuesday
his predecessor Hani Mulkey resigned a
day earlier in an attempt to defuse the
growing public anger but the change at
the top didn't prevent a day-long strike
by doctors lawyers and teachers all
stopped defiant crowds from messing in
the streets of the capital on Wednesday
night they say a cabinet reshuffle isn't
enough to improve their lives
people are saying give them a chance for
the minister to withdraw the law or
cancel or do something but the people no
longer have any patience there's no room
for them to wait people can't find
anything to eat we don't have anything
protesters wanted to rally outside the
new prime minister's office but security
forces blocked the road pushing back the
sea of people the only thing that
happened the only demand fulfilled was
that the government was dismissed we
still have many more demands that have
not been fulfilled we will stay in the
streets until all our demands are met we
want justice and dignity and bread
others though our jaco
we want to give them a chance we want to
become better but reviving the economy
will take time
Jordan's 37 billion dollars in debt and
the tax hike is part of a number of
reforms requested by the International
Monetary Fund
Reza's heads pledged to listen to his
people his challenge will now be to find
some middle ground
Lexy O'Brien al-jazeera
