the crater and surrounding devastation
shows how powerful the explosion was in
the heart of southern a city in
northeastern Baghdad
homes and businesses destroyed the area
is the stronghold of the influential
Shia cleric there were missiles grenades
and other munitions stashed and they
exploded on civilians my son's house was
hit with three missiles my son's family
was hit his house in his car were
destroyed and some of our neighbors were
killed and injured we appealed to our
leaders to help us and the peace
brigades they need to hold the ones
behind this accountable
Iraq's Ministry of Interior has launched
an investigation into what it says was
an explosion of a weapons cache a hidden
in a mosque I have no words left to
express this calamity if I start
speaking I will lose my temper
no cleric a religious man accepts such
thing not even an official or an MP what
did these innocent people do to deserve
this people remain scared the entire
night are the people overnighted in
hospitals not to mention young children
somewhere gravely injured we don't know
who to complain to is it rational to
store weapons in such residential area
look at the destruction and judge by
yourself
witnesses say mourners were using a tent
after a funeral next to the mosque
before the blast
they say the heat or flames from cooking
in the tent may have caused the weapons
to explode which other asada released a
statement Thursday morning calling for
patience and calm he said it was
important for people not to take
advantage of what he describes as the
improved security and political
situation in Iraq he called for the
setting up of a special investigative
committee into the blast and fruit to
release its findings within 72 hours
toss trafford al Jazeera Baghdad
