at the White House Wednesday night
President Donald Trump and guests
observed the Muslim tradition of
breaking a day-long fast during Ramadan
by sharing a meal tonight we give thanks
for the renewed bonds of friendship and
cooperation we are forged with our
valued partners from all across the
Middle East the White House wouldn't say
who received these 40 invitations but
the Council on american-islamic
relations said none of their members got
one so they held a counter dinner across
the street in Lafayette Park it's not an
American Muslim event and really it just
shows that this administration is not
willing to reach out to American Muslims
president Trump's contentious
relationship with the Muslim community
began during his campaign and
deteriorated immediately after taking
office with a series of travel bans that
targeted Muslim majority countries the
proposed ban sparked protests and
outrage in cities across America the US
Supreme Court will soon begin hearing
legal challenges to them last year
President Trump drew additional
criticism for being the first president
in recent history to break the tradition
of inviting Muslim leaders to the White
House during Ramadan the Quran teaches
that Islam is a commitment to live in
peace Hillary Clinton s first lady
hosted the first holiday dinner in 1996
as a way of reaching out to the Muslim
world both presidents George Bush and
Barack Obama continued the tradition in
honoring these familiar values together
of peace and charity and forgiveness we
affirm that whatever our faiths were all
one family President Trump did strike a
more conciliatory note with the Muslim
community last month when he extended a
greeting at the beginning of Ramadan but
some Muslims wish the president would
extend that kind of geniality to his
policies Dianne Estabrook al Jazeera
Washington
