at the busy mercado oriental open-air
market in Managua thousands of vendors
and shop owners are preparing for an act
of civil disobedience a majority of
these small business owners say they
will no longer pay taxes or utility
bills until the government commits to
ending the violence that's gripped the
country for the last six weeks we're not
going to pay for water or electricity
because that's the money the government
will used to pay kidnappers and killers
Yolanda headers owns a shop here and is
one of the organizers of the action
money will no longer be used to murder
our own people with more than 20,000
shops and stands the Mercado Oriental is
the largest open-air market in Central
America it generates hundreds of
millions of dollars in revenue and taxes
every year
atlandis says the civil disobedience is
the most peaceful and efficient way to
protest action as business owners is to
apply pressure in a legal way
that means declaring civil disobedience
and not paying taxes not everyone at the
market is on board with the strike some
vendors here blamed the demonstrators
for inciting the unrest no way I will
not participate in the disobedience we
want peace so that we can all work here
peacefully outside the market
anti-government demonstrations take
place every day dozens of barricades
have been set up by protesters along
roadways across the country Mattia Dona
the director of the Nicaraguan
Association of importers and exporters
says the longer the crisis drags on the
harsher the impact will be on the
overall economy
if this conflict continues into the end
of the year economic growth will
probably drop by two percentage points
this would potentially mean more than
900 million dollars in losses political
unrest has spilled into some of
nicaragua's most popular holiday
destinations damaging the country's most
important source of revenue tourism the
government accuses right-wing activists
of infiltrating the protest movement in
order to destabilize the government
experts say it is still too soon to
determine the impact the unrest has had
on Commerce construction and tourism but
they do agree that every day the
conflict drags on is another step
backwards for the people of Nicaragua
Manuel de pollo al Jazeera Managua
