the gathering of world leaders was
supposed to be a celebration but instead
of highlighting the global economic
expansion the talk at this year's g7
summit is all about averting a trade war
the great disrupter Donald Trump in his
America first agenda levying tariffs of
25 percent on steel and 10 percent on
aluminum coming from allies in Canada
Mexico and Europe the Trump
administration has managed to alienate
systematically almost all of the allies
who would be involved in this so Canada
Mexico the European Union are new
additions it's going to be a tense
meeting I would imagine Canada's Prime
Minister displayed a diplomatic anger
and announced retaliatory sanctions
somehow this is insulting to them the
idea that the Canadian steel that's in
military military vehicles in the United
States the Canadian aluminium that makes
your your fighter jets is somehow now a
threat the idea that we are somehow a
national security threat to the United
States is quite frankly insulting and
unacceptable Europe's leaders are also
irate and threatening sanctions on a
litany of iconic American products from
Levi's jeans to Kentucky Bourbon to
harley-davidson motorcycles all made in
the Republican States Trump needs to
keep his party in control of Congress in
this year's midterm elections instead of
celebrating their usual unity diplomats
from seven of the world's largest
economies are scrambling for common
ground there was consensus under Trump's
predecessor Barack Obama on Iran and
climate change now there's a budding
trade war that threatens to turn allies
into adversaries but some analysts
expect a last-minute agreement to avert
an escalating trade conflict it's mostly
done for posturing and because Trump
sees this as part of his base is
particularly the swing voters in
Midwestern states that got him elected
and he wants to show or pretend that
he's doing something but again I don't
think these tariffs will stick whether
the family photo of world leaders that
traditionally ends the meeting depicts
an awkward alliance
or the usual show of unity is largely up
to the man from Washington John hendren
al Jazeera Quebec City
