hi for me okay
your industry and I'm Malika Bilal today
a story pitched by a member of our
community
Mona tajalli we're discussing how a
first-of-its-kind TEDx event is
challenging stereotypes about refugee
camps
Twitter's your thoughts or comments and
you can put them into our YouTube chat
and you too could be in the stream
where many people picture a refugee camp
they see a sprawling mass of helpless
individuals but the reality is often the
opposite a growing number of camps are
booming enclaves of business innovation
and culture challenging the stereotypes
around refugees is one mission of TEDx
Kakuma camp a first-of-its-kind event
for TEDx the influential conference
network that house online talks on a
range of scientific cultural and
academic topics the gathering is being
held at the Kakuma refugee camp in
northwestern Kenya joining us from
Kakuma to discuss this mr. Fleming she's
the chief spokesperson for the UNHCR on
one of the co-hosts of TEDx Kakuma camp
Halima Aden is a fashion model who was
born in Kakuma after her family fled
civil war in Somalia in Melbourne
Australia our catch mccord short she's
also a former Kakuma refugee who now
works as the multicultural development
director for the Australian Football
League and in the United States Rahul
oka
he's an economic anthropologist who
studies the social economies of refugee
camps hello everybody it's so good to
have you in the stream Melissa where
were you when this idea popped into your
head
TEDx Kakuma camp well I've had quite a
relationship with Ted and I've seen the
power of public speaking on the Ted
stage and I just thought you know why
not bring a TEDx event to a refugee camp
and allow refugees to be the speakers
for a change and not just refugees but
peope former refugees like Halima and
people who care about changing the
narrative changing the approach to
refugees around the world so yeah it was
a vision it was a dream actually we kind
of thought we were crazy yeah because it
was logistically quite a feat but as you
see today from those images are amazing
logistics team and Kenyan companies
managed to set up a state-of-the-art
facility a tent in the middle of the of
a secondary school in the middle
of a very remote refugee camp you have
to imagine it's a four-hour drive from
Nairobi on very bumpy roads the road the
bridge was actually washed out a week
before and we in the whole question the
whole event was coming being called into
question anyway we're there now that
sounds awful well it's a it sounds like
what was I thinking what were we
thinking how could we get this done I
know I think I would I don't know if
it's true but I would say it must be the
most logistically challenging TED event
that is our TEDx event that was ever
staged so but it's definitely going to
be one of the most moving because the
speakers are just absolutely incredible
and one of them is here with us today
Halima well Melissa one of the signs of
what you just mentioned that this is
going to be incredible is the buzz
online because it's it's almost palpable
this is Collins on Twitter who says TEDx
means a lot to Kakuma it has been
well-received with lots of excitement
and the main reason is that Kakuma being
an old camp of over 25 years the risk of
its people being forgotten are real as
new emergencies come up TEDx will show
the world what Kakuma is made of honey
might want to give that to you because
you were born in the camp what does it
feel like for you to go back for the
first time why did you say yes to TEDx I
said yes to TEDx cuz I mean it's that
one but I didn't think that it could
possibly bring me back to Kakuma like it
was almost like the perfect two-in-one
you know I come back home for the first
time and also doing my first TEDx so
it's still very surreal I've been having
like cry moments like off like just like
going off on my own for a little bit
just to like grasp like I'm here I'm
home like these are the very rough that
I played on and I just had so many
flashbacks from going from one camp to
another and I can't even really put into
words but it just feels incredibly
amazing to be here and to also get to
meet the other incredible speakers that
are also going to be speaking this
Saturday
I just want to remind everybody who
Halima is in case you need reminding
have a look at the humor here from my
instagram on vogue so this was a young
youngster who was born in a refugee camp
and now is on fashion plates everywhere
she's on runways all over the world
what is the reception you are getting
Halima people knowing that you come from
the same community that they live in
right now I think it's an exciting time
you know like a lot of girls follow my
journey not just Muslim girls but really
young girls who come from maybe similar
backgrounds I think that's why my
journey has been so impactful to many
people because everybody kind of can
relate to it from a different point of
view like I get girls from a small town
of let's say Wisconsin who could relate
to being from a small town and like
making it in the fashion industry and
then I get a lot of girls from the
Muslim community a lot of hijab wearing
women who tell me how grateful that they
are to finally be seen no it's amazing
like I can't even believe how much has
changed to think like two years ago I
could never pick up a magazine and flip
through the inside pages and see
somebody that dressed like me and just a
little over a year and a half I raced
nine covers so it's been quite quite the
journey raw listening to this and
listening to this audacious idea of a
TEDx in Kakuma cab this is somewhere
that you've been visiting you've been
studying for the last decade when you
first heard of the idea what was your
reaction I thought it was a great idea I
thought it was a fantastic idea because
it's something that that actually
actually plagued me that we have a
conception of refugees as helpless and
yet Kakuma is actually now one of the
most well studied camps in in the world
I've been academics and researchers like
myself going I was one of the first a
few people to go in and and it it it
holds you because you actually see
yeah human activity rendered bare and
that's what this TEDx is going to do
because what it's going to do is it's
going to speak about about a place that
that seems to be of despair but it's
gonna speak about success and it's also
gonna talk about human resilience and
the human fighting spirit in the worst
of temperatures sometimes in in in in
the biggest of despair so I want to give
our viewers who are not familiar
familiar with Kakuma camp a little taste
from our online audience of what life is
like there this is spread who says
Kakuma is a camp made up mainly of young
people about 60% of the population is
under 18 years of age and the camp
residents are inspired by the tough life
in the camp to identify other coping
mechanisms ie small businesses fashion
sports performing arts and education now
with that said we got a video comment
from someone who explains that the camp
has changed over the years
this is Abdullahi mirre and he is now in
Kakuma he's an independent journalist
and he's there for this weekend have a
listen to what he told this dream Kakuma
refugee camp in western Kenya have
undergone a lot of development in the
last 26 years it it has been into being
from structures that it is started with
semi-permanent structures are now with
the help of government of Kenya and the
local county government en Turkana to
Jesus started to establish themselves in
permanent structures their education
system in that camp youth are taught the
refugee youth are taught here a
different cultural activities they are
given ad glasses on art music unders so
a catch he mentions from semi-permanent
structures to permanent structures there
are activities for the youth what do you
remember for him from your time living
there I know that you were in Kenya for
12 years
um what I remember there one as he said
I think the landscape has changed on
just being here in the last 14 years and
hearing stories of people that have gone
back
takuma they said but when I was there
they used to have groups what we call
group and I was in a group called 21 I'm
in zone 3 and you know remember you know
us in our little groups you know moving
in in waves going to schools and stuff
like that so I'm just see now that
there's more people than the world one
back there and you know just the
resources that are now available for
those people really excites me because
back then we promote anomalies play
sports at school and I was person so
yeah change dramatically some I catch I
have I have some pictures thank you for
sending us pictures so this one here I I
know one of these people must be your
mum and then one of them must be you
reveal the one that's you after I am the
one with the thumbs up ah okay I love
that do you remember this photograph um
actually I honestly can't
but luckily one of my cousins had had it
and in the middle there is my auntie
okay your mum and we're showing another
picture here very vibrant wallpaper and
who are the kids I've done wonderful
images
yes and the blue dress my brothers and I
just behind there and then my two
cousins all right and yeah and one of
the things we've been talking about is
the possibilities in the potential of
refugees I'm going to show people one
more picture here which brings us more
up-to-date and and the passion that you
have now and how that happened because
people don't always think the refugees
have a future but your future is
incredible your present is incredible
tell us how that happened of what you do
now um so I play Australian gaming I
remember coming here I just wanted to
you know
do something to kind of get in the
Australian society so I started playing
IFL fully I'm again that's very unknown
to me and one of the main reasons why
Australian rules football everybody who
hasn't heard of it it looks a little bit
like rugby but don't tell extraneous
that now they'll get angry and I think
one of the reasons why I started playing
is Bell is similar to Holly mice to
inspire young girls or young people that
come to country in Australia called at
home now to you know pursue their dreams
and do whatever it is that they wanted
to do for me as a young dealer I've
always wanted to be a sports star so
being one of the first African female in
the AFL was a massive moment for me and
especially for Kakuma because you know
at my stories that are comical my young
girls oh yeah I want to share this
comment we just got live on YouTube this
person says the energy of the young
people in Kakuma is inspiring I've been
there to teach and I always learned so
much from them about resilience about
faith and hope in a place that people
think as a dead end and to illustrate
that point just a little bit more we got
a video comment from someone in Kakuma
and this is John he's a director of
youth voices and in the camp and this is
what he told us about taking those
voices and putting them to good use
have a listen different talents
different cultures you come from
different places when they come together
Rahul he mentions nurturing voices a
creative place where youth can then put
their talents to good use and one of
those uses is the flourishing business
community that we've seen there can you
talk to us about that yeah so basically
Kakuma town itself
was a pastoral market and there were
these three or four Somali traders who
came there in the 1960s so when the camp
was built there was there was already an
infrastructure for import/export and as
the camp citizens decided that they are
not going to remain fully reliant not
just for the daily nutritional needs but
for their social needs for feasting for
celebration that that they needed more
you see all these markets essentially
essentially come up and those four or
five wholesalers have created this
extremely efficient system and network
of of providing goods across across the
camp they helped new businesses set up
they trained a lot of different people
and and and and one of the things is
that this commercial economy based on my
research essentially provides that
missing link so when you welcome a child
into the world or you're saying goodbye
to someone who's just departed I mean as
much as the food given by the relief
mission helps you don't you don't
welcome somebody or you don't you don't
say goodbye to them with boiled beans
and corn you need something that it's
culturally appropriate and and and this
commercial economy essentially helps to
gain that a little bit of normalcy
sometimes you just want to buy a candy
for your child sometimes you want to
celebrate iftar during the Ramadan after
Ramadan fast
daily and so it helps you to feel normal
and through this normality you actually
gain dignity because you gain semblances
of the life you had before and you also
have a glimpse of the life that you
envision for yourself but you're
building it in the camp for you're
supposed to be transient so rely like in
homes for hold there are so many
researchers who go to places like
refugee camps they go for a couple of
weeks they write a report they leave but
there's something about the way that you
work and your students work which really
connects you with the community there
there's a picture here of you at a
wedding tell us a little bit more about
that oh yes this reading was essentially
there this is the photo session so I'm
standing with the bride and the groom
yeah and it was this wonderful day in
which of course there was a lot of
bickering between the
the bride's mother and the groom's why
do you say of course because it's a
wedding it's it's a wedding and you know
like emotions are fraud these two
families coming together as we know you
know humans love to make things complex
and and this was one of those there was
a last-minute to complaint about the
level of the food and then myself and
the groomsmen are all trying to get it
to go around it's a wedding
it could be a wedding anywhere in the
world the same wedding frictions opening
there is anywhere I remember one of the
things you're talking about and you've
been talking about is the economy of
refugee camps like Kakuma and recently
the IFC did a report the International
Finance Corporation did a report about
the level of entrepreneurship that's
happening in Kakuma I want to show you
the ingenuity the creativity of the
refugees who live there have a look back
ups are not to engage if you keeping it
together an activity Kumiko minotaur no
- Jenga garage coupe work I might have
any good offer magic
equal material - panorama garage -
ikkaku my up - Milania - Tony -
like a garage I'm a bitch coming from
Somalia Mogadishu I come here 2010 I put
it up this one to collect internet from
Safaricom I'm Internet service provider
in Kakuma
so we are depending on ourselves Melissa
I think I know what you're trying to do
hail the UNHCR trying to do in the well
bank and all these interested parties is
to look at refugee camps as not
literally a burden and people is
helpless but as entrepreneurs as people
who have incredible futures and also we
may be rethinking what a refugee camp
can be and should be because so many of
them are now running for a long time
decades even is that behind the idea of
TEDx Kakuma is that what you're trying
to do just change people's attitudes
totally but we're also trying to change
the system and the approach we want to
see refugee camps as relics of history
really yeah
we don't want to have places where
populations just the people who have
fled the refugees are sequestered in an
isolated spot and have no connection
with the host community we want to see
integrated communities and that's what
we're doing here it there's the older
section of the kuma camp and then
there's a new section and it's called
Cala Bay and this is something that we
really wanted to highlight here it
represents our new approach that's going
global to refugee response and that is
that there are settlements that are
built that are completely integrated
with the local community where the local
community benefits and where we attract
international development assistance as
well as as well as private investment
and you know we have a governor here in
in Taconic County which is the county in
which Kakuma is based who is convinced
that the presence of refugees has been a
tremendous benefit for the development
of his County which was one of the
poorest in Kenya he's an enlightened
politician but we now have the reports
like the IFC report that you just showed
that proved actually that the economy
has grown and that everybody is
benefiting from the presence of refugees
this is a message that we wanted to send
globally and and to show also through
the
TEDx event here in Kakuma I think that's
important because as much enthusiasm as
there is online we're also seeing
reminders this is Fred who says life in
the camp is full of challenges only 1%
of the population gets a chance to be
resettled overseas meaning that the
remaining 99% has to make themselves
comfortable and useful in the camp
another person writes in saying what
comes to mind and questions to ask is
does this mean the camp's will never be
closed are the camp's inhabitants now
considered Kenyans and will they ever be
resettled halima I'm wondering when you
see tough questions like this what comes
to mind how do you respond to people who
wonder about what happens to those who
aren't able to leave the camps I think
the hardest thing hearing as a former
refugee is when people say or ask why
are they all coming here and I mean
that's a fair question but it's also
important to know that we are among the
lucky few that do get to make it you
know it's a very small percent of
percentage of refugees that do get to
resettle in places like America or
England and although it's challenging I
also am grateful that we do have those
people to ask me those hard questions
because it has always kept me in check
like that's what motivates me to do my
best to work hard in school to make the
most out of this amazing privilege that
I got because I understand that for my
ticket into America I know there's
millions of kids that would will never
have that opportunity but I think I
could also give back and I think it's
the refugees who resettled into places
like America and the UK and places like
that that can really take advantage of
all the opportunities that their host
country offers but also don't forget
where you came from don't forget your
roots they're born to come back it's
important to really motivate and inspire
the kids that are still in the camps
that they too could live beyond the
borders or like just dream beyond the
refugee camp and that they could excel
if they really work hard okay I see you
nodding what's behind that note
I think he was really spot-on about you
know us as people that live in the
Western world using our opportunities
that we have here to give back to those
kids and the refugee camp because they
need they need our inspiration and to
have a TEDx event and having people that
Alima there really will highlight that
you know what for those kids that
anything is possible and you know they
can they can live in the refugee camps
and be great and be dreamers and have
their dreams come true and that's what I
can see you know Melissa you you put the
whole go ahead but be fast we're almost
at the end of the show okay yes because
this was something that Melissa actually
spoke about those studies that we did I
was part of the the economic and social
impact study done by the World Bank and
I led the social impact study and the
economists found that that the refugee
camp adds a non-trivial six percent to
the Turkana economy and we actually
found that people living the Turkana
living immediately around Kakuma camp
have far better health and psychosocial
stress and their stress is about
employment not about food or hunger
their stress is about whether the
children will educate will get educated
or not and so the economy well so the
refugee camp has a tremendous net
positive benefit on on the economy and
the UNHCR was really the one that
spearheaded this this study got the
World Bank and academics together and
and it said and essentially and
essentially proved to the governor that
the banks that refugees are not a burden
that they are actually a positive and do
that profit to the question of taxpayers
money I mean the refugees are paying
more than their share thank you so much
adding that economic angle to our
conversation I will show you some of the
line up here for TEDx Kakuma cab have a
look here on my laptop here we can see
Halima what is Halima going to tell what
will her story be we have poor Berg here
what will his story Vee there's only one
way that you can find out and that is to
follow TEDx Kakuma camp streaming live
on Saturday at 7:00 a.m. GM
or 10:00 a.m. east african time it will
be like no other TEDx to camp or TEDx
talks that you've ever seen before
good luck everybody involved in that and
Luke and I will be watching of course
maybe on playback until the next time we
see you online
