stop separating migrant children from
their parents that's the warning from
the UN to the US government that says
entering the country without proper
documents should not be a crime but what
will that mean for a president who wants
to build a border wall this is inside
story
hello and welcome to the program
I'm Elizabeth puranam the UN has urged
the Trump administration to immediately
stop separating migrant children from
their families satis border with Mexico
it said on Tuesday that the practice was
a serious violation of international law
but the u.s. is the only country in the
world it has not ratified the UN
Convention on the Rights of the Child
and has recently adopted a
zero-tolerance policy with undocumented
migrants hundreds of children who
crossed the southern border have been
held in custody since October it
followed an executive order issued by
the president the u.s. defends its
policy by saying it's a way to stop
illegal immigration most of the people
who arrived at its southern border are
from Guatemala El Salvador and Honduras
the violence and drug trafficking are
common well this is what the UN's Human
Rights office had to say there is
nothing normal about detaining children
as I said detention is never in the best
interest of the child and always
constitutes a child rights violation on
this being a criminal offence as I said
this should be a you know entry into a
country without the the right papers
should at most be an administrative
offence and it certainly does not
warrant jailing children Washington has
reacted strongly it's UN envoy nikki
Haley said once again the United Nations
shows its hypocrisy by calling out the
United States while it ignores the
reprehensible human rights records of
several members of its own Human Rights
Council while the High Commissioners
office ignorant Lee attacks the United
States with words the United States
leads the world with its actions like
providing more humanitarian assistance
to global conflicts than any other
nation neither the United Nations nor
anyone else will dictate how the United
States upholds its borders well let's
look at some of the more controversial
points in president Trump's immigration
policy his pledge to build a wall along
the Mexican border to prevent illegal
crossings and drug smuggling he rolled
back an immigration program introduced
by former President Barack Obama known
as daca or deferred action for childhood
arrivals
it protects around 800
young undocumented immigrants from
deportation and provides them work
permits Trump has banned Nationals of
six Muslim majority countries from
entering the United States over what he
said was security concerns he also
increased the arrests of undocumented
immigrants and the president has signed
an executive order for a review of the
so-called h-1b visa program that brings
highly skilled workers to the u.s. well
let's bring in our guests now in New
York as Angelo gisado civil rights
lawyer at the Center for Constitutional
Rights in Washington DC
Marsha Katrin former spokeswoman for the
US Department of Homeland Security under
the Obama administration and joining us
by Skype from Fort Worth Texas as
Jennifer de haro managing attorney at
the refugee and immigrant center for
education and legal services thank you
all for joining us mr. gisado attorney
general Jeff Sessions has said if you're
smuggling a child we will prosecute you
and that child will be separated from
you as required by law is separating
these children from their parents legal
no it's not under the due process clause
the Supreme Court has said many times
that there's a fundamental liberty
interest in keeping the family integrity
afloat I think that under the law there
is only a few instances in which a child
can be separated from the parent the
government has to show that the parent
is either unfit that the child is
endangered or that it's absolutely
necessary and the government can't show
anything any of those here mr. Harrer do
you think the law is being upheld and if
it's not how our authorities getting
away with breaking it you know it is
being upheld if this the law hasn't
required that families be separated
because you know the term administration
previously wasn't separating families
with such degree it was going on but now
it's
and ramped up under the zero-tolerance
policy and it's cruel and inhumane and
it we should end this practice to
separating families miss Catrin
president Trump has said put pressure on
the Democrats to end the horrible law
that separates children from their
parents and that the Democrats are
actually responsible for this policy you
worked for the Department of Homeland
Security under the Obama led Democratic
administration what do you make of that
well there is no law that that's just
false it's a lie and they have and they
meaning the Trump administration has
instituted this new policy which seems
like a knee-jerk reaction to make their
base happy but it absolutely was not
well thought out and it's going to have
serious repercussions what we did in the
Obama administration was focus our
resources on the worst of the worst
felons not families this policy that the
Obama administration has enacted on
their own is their own fault and has is
really not well thought out it's it's
horrible this is a new low in border
policy well the Obama administration did
deport many more people in its first few
years than the Trump administration has
how is what's happening now different to
what happened under President Obama
that's right what is happening now is
they are going after the lowest hanging
fruit
they are just rounding up everybody they
can get their hands on and that's not
the way to do things what we did under
the previous administration was go after
the worst of the worst murderers rapists
you know the people who have actually
committed a felony and that does take a
time on resources and but what they're
doing now is just like throwing out our
net and catching whoever and that's not
the way to do things it's actually a
public safety threat to do it this way
when we focus on the criminals you get
the criminals out of the con
tree and I think that everybody can
agree on that line but when you go after
the dreamers those who are serving in
our militaries those who are going to
school and going through the immigration
process the right way that's that's just
not the way to do things it's inhumane
and it's not in line with our American
values mr. hower you're in Texas who is
arriving at the border are they asylum
seekers are they economic migrants or is
it a more sort of complex mix of social
and economic factors what are you seeing
we are overwhelmingly seeing that these
are asylum seekers these are families
fleeing from extremely violent countries
the we have clients who are being
threatened daily by gang members
teenage boys threatening to be killed if
they don't join a gang family members
being kidnapped beaten and killed and we
have people fleeing domestic violence
their country's criminal justice systems
aren't equipped to protect them from
domestic violence so they really have
nowhere to turn they are really in
life-or-death situations and they're
seeking our protection here in the
United States and this policy cast these
individuals as criminals that the United
States needs protection from when really
if the reverse these asylum seekers need
our protection a mr. gisado what are the
u.s. government's obligations to protect
asylum seekers how should they be going
about doing it the United States has
long required and had an obligation to
process asylum seekers at the border the
Congress passed the Immigration and
Nationality Act which codifies at length
the statutory rights that the government
has to take when someone asks for asylum
stating a well-founded fear of
persecution moreover under international
law the United States has a duty not to
turn people away into a country that
they fear the United States policy here
of turning people away is really
unfortunate it's a human rights
violation and
instantiates the racial animus that is
so prevalent within the administration
miss Catrin are all those crossing that
us-mexico border
genuine asylum seekers is this
administration determining giving them a
chance to put their case forward as
asylum seekers is it determining you
know which category they fall into
before dealing with them we don't know
but we do know that there are push
factors in Central America that are
causing the arrival of these immigrants
and they do deserve to be heard if they
are in fear of returning to their home
country they should be provided asylum
and go through the judicial process what
I'm hearing now that it's happening at
the border is everyone is going through
these mass proceedings before the
cornice so they don't really have the
opportunity to present their case the
the way that the sessions policy has
been enacted just doesn't actually allow
them to be heard and what we do need to
do is provide a siloam to those who are
seeking it and have a credible fear and
and and and that is in line with our
American values mr. hower we've seen
videos of you know mass trials taking
place where people are in shackles our
children or their parents made aware of
their legal protections and options in
their native language is that something
that's happening well I certainly hope
so I'm not I can't be confident that
that is happening but I should hope that
the public defenders are giving advises
to the immigrants in their native
language you know we have not only
Spanish speakers but also indigenous
languages and so those needs should be
met as well but it does seem that there
is a lot of confusion and people don't
understand what is going on what's
happening to their children whether
they're going to be able to apply for
asylum we're here
reports that CBP Customs and Border
Patrol are are discouraging immigrants
for vocalizing their fear saying you're
not going to win your asylum case or
yeah you know this is it possible you
can't apply for that so we don't think
that there is good access to justice in
East situations and it would be a very
confusing picture especially for
children mr. gisado as of April of the
700 children seized from their parents
in the six months previous to that more
than a hundred were under the age of
four what happens to them where they're
under force being sent first I'd like to
highlight the psychological damage that
the government is causing these children
as you correctly noted many of them are
toddlers wrestled away from the arms of
their parents and I mean them literally
Customs and Border Protection will
separate parents from children per
policy whether they come with their
parents at the port of entry or if they
cross by foot these children are then
sent to our our custody in the interim
they're put in basically glorified dog
kennels which have inadequate bedding
showers
pediatricians anything a child who had
survived one of the most horrific
journeys imaginable could need from
there they're sent to waiting facilities
I don't know if you saw recently Senator
Jeff Merkel from Oregon tried to visit
one it was in an abandoned Walmart in
Brownsville Texas customs aboard of
protection didn't let him in because
they don't want us to see what's in
there a picture of the inhumanity would
really undermine what the administration
is doing here which again has no P no
logical or Child Welfare purpose but
again is only meant to be punitive yes
absolutely
terrible conditions at least for some
children once they're separated from
their parents miss Catrin we also heard
last month from a government official
that the this is from the Department of
Health and Human Services that has
agency had quote lost track
of nearly 1,500 immigrant children who
had been seized after crossing that
border and some of them had it was
feared had been turned over to human
traffickers how do you lose track of
1500 children do we know what's happened
to them we don't but let me go back a
second just to what that gentleman just
said to be clear
CBP or Border Patrol they do not hold
children in their facilities we don't
have those facilities that's not what
they're intended for when a child
crosses the border the first thing they
do is go through an immunization check
and identification and then they are
turned over to Health and Human Services
or HHS which has the capacity to to take
care of the children and place them in
the hands of a relative or a sponsor now
HHS should be keeping track of all of
these children and doing their best to
be in touch with the sponsors or the
relatives that they've put them in in
their care right the the welfare of the
child should be their number one
priority so I do understand that those
who have been entrusted with the child's
care may not want to talk to the
government right now because they are so
scared that this administration if they
are you know in any way here illegally
that they will be deported as well so
they may not be answering the phone they
may not be answering the door when these
representatives comes to call because
this administration has shown we can't
believe what they're saying and we can't
be trusted we just don't know what
they're gonna do to us they may be
taking their child away when they call
so I I think you know it's it's horrible
all the way around
so 15 something like 1500 children who
can't be traced
shows that the system that is in place
might not be working and as well as that
mr. Harrer the American Civil Liberties
Union and the human rights clinic at the
University of Chicago Law School have
also said that US border guards have
been beating and abusing migrant
children and have threatened them with
sexual
violence I mean have you heard these
reports so we know that CBP officers
will certainly take liberties and and
abuse immigrants and we are not
satisfied that children or adults are
being treated fairly at the border we
have heard about minors being abused and
we screen our children clients
thoroughly to see what is happening and
what rights are being violated when you
have a child here who's by herself
without an adult it's a scary confusing
process after this long journey trying
to to get to safety and then just show
up and have government officials treat a
child that way I just don't see how that
is happening in our country right now
mr. casado I believe that you are
working on the class-action lawsuit at
the moment and the American Civil
Liberties Union has filed a class-action
suit challenging this policy of
separating children from their families
what are its chances of challenging the
practice do you think one clarification
our lawsuit alleges that CBP Customs and
Border Protection is unlawfully denying
individuals the right to actually access
the asylum process one of the ways in
which they do that and did do that even
indeed before this April policy was
threatening parents that we will take
your child away if you try and access
the asylum process and now that's a
threat or an intimidation they still use
a lawsuit more directly challenges the
child separation policy I think it
stands a very good chance and I'll tell
you why the government has a very
weighty burden to show justification to
separate parents from children again
under due process under cases such as
Santos key and Troxel the government
needs to show that there is either a
child endangerment or an unfitness of
the parent they can't show that here the
government has actually changed his
position on a number of time
and actually the government has never
taken the position that the law says
that you need to separate children from
families actually for the past five to
ten years children have been sent with
their parents to family detention now
that in and of itself is a whole nother
heinous set of circumstances but it's
still preferable to the utterly
unnecessary and frankly inhumane policy
of tearing children away from their
parents miss Catrin will the government
be able to show though that this policy
is working in deterring migrants because
before being implemented it was piloted
in New Mexico and according to
immigration officials in the last half
of the last year the number of families
attempting to cross without documents
decreased by 64% so if the government if
this administration can show to the
country to its supporters that this is
working will it be able to continue with
it
absolutely not you need to address
illegal migration two folds one is the
deterrence factor and the other is
actually addressing the push factors
which are causing people to migrate here
in the first place under the Obama
administration
you know they requested a billion
dollars to be sent to Central America to
help address those problems we
established programs within those
countries and we worked with those those
countries directly I think that you will
see a decrease for a little while and
then the numbers will spike back up
again because of those push factors you
know the conditions as mentioned
previously are so horrible that they are
willing to make this track through the
United States and and and to try to get
her to seek asylum and to seek a better
life for themselves and their children
but the duration of those push factors
is a long-term game and it's going to
take a lot of time but in the meantime
if what's happening at the border is not
an is not legal in America mr. Harrer
what can these families do now you know
who's fighting for their cause so
luckily there are a lot of amazing
organizations that are fighting for
these families within races we've made a
commitment
to accepting representation pro bono for
the parents who are detained at two
facilities and Texas one here is close
to Fort Worth and Alvarado Texas it's
about 40 miles away because we know that
being detained is a huge barrier to
accessing legal services these are
places in remote locations it's hard for
attorneys to get there it's hard to
schedule appointments to see clients
it's hard to you know get documents
signed to get evidence going so we we're
putting that you know as one of our top
priorities just providing legal
representation and we also call on
others if you see that this is happening
and you're frustrated we encourage
people to contact their elected
officials to get involved to share the
story and don't just accept this as one
more thing that Trump is doing um you
know stand up and do something about it
and mr. Quesada on the so that's on the
national level what about
internationally because if this is
illegal under international law like
various organizations are saying what
can the international community actually
do here I think the UN was right to
condemn the conduct the United States
has taken a deplorable approach to
migration which is indeed a fundamental
human right the United States should
recognize that it in installing
right-wing governments and Central
American countries in the 80s and 90s is
actually responsible for the root cause
of this the United Nations and other
international organizations would be
correct in joining a chorus of
condemnation for this utterly asinine
policy but as we've seen from the UN
representative the u.s. representative
to the UN nikki Haley the condemnation
has been met with equal condemnation
from miss Haley miss Catrin would a
democratic control of Congress if they
are successful in the upcoming midterm
elections changed this policy do you
think I hope so I should do whatever we
can to put pressure on the Trump
administration that this is just this is
abhorrent this is not what we will stand
for
as Americans you don't separate a child
from his or her parents especially in
their most traumatic moments so whether
it's from the public or from these
up-and-coming members of Congress or
other countries I really hope that
everyone lends their voice to this and
mr. gisado I just like to give you the
last word as well as you know the
condemnation and everybody lending their
voice what needs to happen to stop this
and soon
well one I'd like to acknowledge the
amazing work that individuals and
organizations are doing on the border
the keynote Borner edition of a little
hollow and the women's refugee
Commission are fighting for the rights
of migrants every single day
I think people rightly are joining and
becoming louder and louder to condemn
the United States policy that being said
the United States has had a long policy
of separating children from their
families going back to the slave trade
and going forward to Native Americans
who were taken away from their parents
on tribal land and sent to American
Christian schools I think this is
nothing new
I think the administration's animus is
now instantiating itself into an
unlawful policy and I think people
should take to the representatives and
rightfully condemn this practice all
right mr. gisado thank you very much for
that and thank you to all of our guests
that is Angela gisado in New York Marcia
Catrin and Washington DC and Jennifer de
haro and Fort Worth Texas and thank you
too for watching you can see the program
again any time by visiting our website
al Jazeera comm and for further
discussion do go to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com /aj and side-story
you can also join the conversation on
Twitter a handle is at AJ inside story
from me Elizabeth puranam and the entire
team here bye for now
you
you
