Robert Kennedy was everything a
working-class hero wasn't supposed to be
but in 1968 with the country and
political and social chaos Kennedy's
supporters thought he could be the
president the nation needed he didn't
really care if he won or lost he saw he
who is all about trying to create change
and trying to make the world more just
change meant ending the war in Vietnam
stopping racism and discrimination and
erasing poverty from every corner of the
country history may not repeat but it
often rhymes conditions are different
now but a lot of the anxiety that swept
through the country in 1968 echoes the
anxiety of today
Kennedy's early career was linked to
that of his brother the president but
John's assassination in 1963 pushed him
into the spotlight and Martin Luther
King's killing in 1968 kept him there
they was on his own he wasn't his job
had been to take care of his brother and
now it was Robert Kennedy doing what he
thought was the best thing to do when
President Lyndon Johnson decided to not
run for reelection I shall not seek and
I will not accept the nomination of my
party for another term as your president
Kennedy entered the race I am announcing
today my candidacy for the presidency of
the United States among his opposition
the law and order candidate Richard
Nixon and senator Eugene McCarthy who
opposed Vietnam it took a chat with a
McCarthy supporter to make Kennedy more
willing to loudly call for an end to the
war he said I'm getting all the
fraternity boys who make C's and and
McCarthy is getting all the a students I
want to know why that's true
moreover Kennedy's popularity soared
because people believed he understood
their struggles
my thanks to all of you and now it's on
to Chicago and let's win there but then
a gunman shot Kennedy on June 5th at a
campaign rally his presidency would
never be well I think that that sense of
of love primarily certainly and and the
the quest for social justice as an
expression of love on this her robert
Francis Kennedy dead at age 42
but his vision of a better world lives
on I dream things that never were and
say why not
Rosalynn Jordan al-jazeera Washington
