50 years after his death Bobby Kennedy's
family gather in memory of his life
among those accompanying his widow Ethel
are his children grandchildren and
friends who survived the decades
remembering that day when Robert Frances
Kennedy's bid to become President of the
United States was ended in a hail of
bullets a 24-year old Palestinian Sirhan
Sirhan was found guilty and is serving a
life sentence obviously I was there but
I don't remember the exact moment after
but remember when my gun out of my body
whatever it was located and I don't
remember aiming at any human being but
the family renowned for its unity is
sharply divided about the circumstances
of Bobby Kennedy's death earlier this
year his son Robert F Kennedy jr.
visited Sirhan Sirhan in prison and
afterwards called for the investigation
into the death to be reopened I went
there because I was curious and
disturbed by what I'd seen in the
evidence he says I was disturbed that
the wrong person might have been
convicted of killing my father his
sister Kathleen Townsend Kennedy says I
think Bobby makes a compelling case but
Joseph P Kennedy opposes the reopening
of the case his response I think that
what is most important is that our
country and my family reflect on what my
father stood for and fought for and
Kerry Kennedy agrees she says I think we
should focus on his life and not so much
on his death among the problematic
details Bobby Kennedy was shot in the
back of the head but eyewitnesses place
Sirhan Sirhan in front of him secondly
there were 13 bullets fired at the scene
while the accused killer was found with
a revolver in his hand that only
contained eight chambers raising
speculation about more than one shooter
this is the story of Kennedy and his
assassin ten years ago this documentary
was made questioning Sirhan Sirhan's
guilt and it's director says troubling
evidence continues to emerge dr. Daniel
Brown who is a leading expert in
hypnosis and coercive persuasion at the
Harvard Medical School
has been working with Sirhan Sirhan
attorneys over the last 11 years to
recover his memory of the shooting and
again in some of his court declarations
he's mapped out for me very compelling
evidence that Sirhan was a hypnotic
state at the time of the shooting I was
somehow programmed to be as distraction
for the real shooter who was behind an
inch behind Kennedy's right here Bobby
Kennedy's body was placed on a train and
transported from the west coast to the
East for burial the route lined with
mourners but the journey to establish
how he died may still be incomplete Mike
Hannah al-jazeera Washington
