another day another shot of a crude bomb
being carted away to be deactivated on
Thursday an envelope and pipe bombs
similar to this founded a business owned
by actor Robert De Niro two more devices
found in Delaware addressed a former
Vice President Joe Biden the targets are
a who's who of the president's critics
the very people the president has
personally attacked many say this is
proof the president has gone too far
this has come from Trump Trump has used
you know described people who disagree
with him as enemies of the people said
people who support the other party are
dangerous hateful crazy anti-american so
it's very very hard to look at this and
not lay a fair amount of the blame both
squarely at the foot of Donald Trump but
also what the other Republicans who
stood by for years have let this happen
at first Donald Trump took a
conciliatory tone do you see how nice
somebody but have you ever seen it
didn't last long he sent out a tweet
just hours later blaming the mainstream
media for the anger in the country his
spokeswoman
followed suit people have used on your
network a number of times not only to
describe the president but many people
that work in this administration
absolutely day in day out there is a
negative tone ninety percent of the
media attention around this president is
negative
despite historic job creation his
supporters in the media went even
further claiming both sides are to blame
do not sit there and point to what the
other team did to cause this we don't
know the perpetrator we don't know the
motivation interesting because Hillary
Clinton says we can't we can't step
aside from the hateful rhetoric until
Democrats have bullied their way she was
talking about policy America is a
country divided so much so that even an
attempt to carry out the mass killing of
the country's political opposition is
now seen as something to debate patty
Cal hain al Jazeera Washington
