Saudi Arabia pressured into providing
more answers about the killing of German
specialty but is the global response
tough enough to get those answers what
kind of political and economic interests
are swaying the decision-makers this is
inside story
hello and welcome to the show I'm Sami
Zayn an outrage condemnation and
diplomatic action escalating worldwide
the killing of Saudi journalist Jamel
Suge ji continues to provoke reaction he
was last seen entering the Saudi
consulate in Istanbul on October the
second since then the world has been
gripped by accounts of what really
happened the mystery first unfolded
through leaks by Turkish investigators
reports emerged about a Saudi hit squad
killing and dismembering the journalist
allegedly on the orders of the Crown
Prince Mohammed bin Salman after two
weeks of Saudi denials they eventually
admitted he was mistakenly killed during
a brawl in the consulate and they denied
any involvement by the Crown Prince
denials met with widespread skepticism
Turkey's president has confirmed what he
called a savage premeditated murder
Rajab type or Diwan has called for an
independent investigation that holds any
Saudi accountable from top to bottom and
he's calling on the Kingdom to provide
answers especially about who gave the
order to murder her Chuck G and where
his body remains are let's have a look
at how world leaders have reacted so far
the message from the United States has
changed significantly the u.s. is now
adopting a more negative stance towards
the kingdom at first Donald Trump said
the Saudi explanation was credible he
stressed the importance of relations
with his Saudi allies and said millions
of American jobs were more important
than imposing sanctions
well now the president says the Saudis
are guilty of the worst cover-up ever
Germany has stopped Saudi weapons deals
Chancellor Angela Merkel has joined
other European countries in calling for
a credible investigation the g7 which
includes Japan Canada and the US
condemned the killing in the strongest
possible terms
France suspended all diplomatic visits
to the Kingdom other countries and
business leaders boycotted a major
investment conference in Riyadh but
leaders in the Arab world have varied
from silence to welcoming the steps
taken by the Saudis
let's bring in panel joining us in the
show in Washington DC we have Moira
Bonnie's senior fellow at the Institute
for Palestine Studies in Istanbul Sinha
and Ogun chairman of the center for
economic and foreign policy studies and
also in Washington DC George oka Fierro
the CEO of Gulf State analytics welcome
to you all if I could start with moines
our Human Rights considerations starting
perhaps.perhaps moines to win over in
calculations of self-interest now that
we've seen for example the u.s. is that
starting to take some initial measures
like canceling visas of people it
believes may be linked up geez
killing I think it's a bit of a stretch
to assume that the United States or some
of these European governments have
suddenly discovered the importance of
human rights in the Middle East I think
what's really happened here is is that
the result of pressure and the constant
leaks and so on have forced them into a
corner and they have had to act I mean I
think the operative principle for these
governments is that they can't let the
dismembered body of a Saudi journalist
get in the way of more important things
like selling arms to Riyadh to complete
the obliteration of of Yemen and to
renew conflict with Iran and to
consolidate Israeli occupation over
Palestine and so on but I think what's
happened is that in this political
context they have felt compelled to take
some measures whether they're going to
be merely symbolic or more substantive
as something we'll have to see over the
long run but you know there is a history
here of 70 years of of Western policy
one of who's operative principles is to
prevent the peoples of the Middle East
from controlling their own destiny and I
think if you were to ask anyone in the
region whether they think Western
particularly American policy has been
driven by any consideration of human
rights the reliable
died laughing and before they can answer
your question well me let me jump in
here because we have been hearing some
words along those lines from Angela
Merkel the German Chancellor let's
listen in to what she's been saying
about her concern for human rights ones
a lot but see this what happened to
kesaji and the Saudi consulate is
inconceivable it reflects that human
dignity isn't respected in many parts of
the world some treaties are now been
cancelled and reversed which again
prompts us to work more for world peace
we must find solutions we must strive to
preserve Europe together because it's a
society based on shared values and we
must not lose sight of our games we must
continue to fight for the permanence of
seven decades of peace in light of
things like that let me take that down
to sin and there now some world leaders
you know really shocked has this killing
really shocked some world leaders into
perhaps beginning to think about how we
should all really value human rights
which seem to be diminishing it
certainly has shocked the the nature of
the crime in itself is there shocking
but also the fact that it took place
within the compound of a diplomatic
representation is also quite
unprecedented now we have seen the
reactions globally as well as in church
this crime and I think the Turkish
strategy here which has been to also
gradually share with international
public opinion some of the evidence has
also allowed the nurturing of a
international pressure for Western
governments to start to react more
strongly you have we indeed for instance
the German Chancellor Merkel has reacted
to this two days ago declared that
Germany was suspending arms they live in
to Saudi Arabia
but it took more than two weeks for
Germany to come to that stance I think
the same can be said with regard to the
US administration and even their much
less has happened in terms of the
overall reaction for reasons that we
know well namely the relationship
between the US president Trump and the
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman and but
also the fact that with the Trump
administration the US had decided to
invest much more heavily in its
relationship with Saudi Arabia and form
nucleus of a group that would underpin
the containment strategy towards Iran so
their host of reasons why the reaction
is not being commensurate with the
gravity of the crime and the upholding
of human rights but we've seen you wants
change in the US position over the last
two or three weeks right at least the
White House position yes but still no
clear impact on the relationship with
Saudi so far we have seen you know
occasional indeed occasional statements
coming from the White House some
negative some less negative but nothing
so far
well they said they've not any revoked
visas that's tangible this new sorry
could you repeat that yeah they said
they've started to revoke visas that's
tangible isn't it yes but not in a way
that would impact the power structure in
Riyadh is it okay let's bring giorgo
into the discussion so do you think at
all Georgia that the Sochi killing might
become a turning point in human rights
accountability in Saudi Arabia pretty
skeptical right now I think that for the
Trump administration this comes as a
huge political headache right before the
United States's midterm elections next
a month saudi arabia is of course
becoming a domestic issue in the united
states right now
becoming a big liability for the trump
administration especially with more in
the media paying attention to the
special relationship between Kushner and
Kushner and the Crown Prince of Saudi
Arabia Mohammed bin Salman but to get to
your question um you know we're seeing
some rhetoric from the White House that
might seem positive from the standpoint
of those who want the kingdom to be held
accountable but I don't think there is
going to be a real push from this
administration on Saudi Arabia to change
its positions on issues concerning human
rights I think more pressure will
probably come from US lawmakers but how
is this going to pan out on the ground
in Saudi Arabia how is it going to
change the way in which the Kingdom is
being ruled today I'm pretty skeptical
about any major changes coming as a
result of this very ugly case now I'm
glad you mentioned the Congress there
will pick up on that point in a second
but let me take this thought back to sin
and briefly remind us what's at stake
here in terms of standards of governance
in this region as a whole
depending on how internationalized this
keshavjee affair in terms of
accountability goes well I mean this is
really an affront if you want to speak
in more philosophical terms this is an
affront to human dignity and and
therefore there needs to be a strong
reaction showing where what the red
lines of the international community is
and that's generally what's expected
however can we really think that even if
we were to see such a strong reaction
from the community what would we do over
the overall impact of this whether this
you know this incident could be glossed
over and back to business as usual in
the foreseeable future or whether we can
expect to see some change in behavior
some real accountability that we
okay let me take this thought to mine
for the first time we've had the US
president indicating in a interview that
the Saudi Crown Prince might be
responsible for hijabis killing why what
toughened will changed his stance you
know when when you're talking about
president Trump you're really talking
about a volatile airhead who's kind of
all over the map and therefore I find it
very difficult to take anything he says
seriously particularly because he tends
to take you know every side of an issue
in the space of a day and sometimes an
hour I think I think what's really at
stake here is I believe that there is a
solid US and for that matter European
consensus about the need to continue
propping up the Saudi regime as with
other repressive regimes in the region
and I think the question people are
asking themselves is whether this
impulsive reckless volatile Crown Prince
Mohammed bin Sandman serves that
strategic objective or rather forms an
obstacle to it and within the United
States for example it's it's been pretty
clear for some time that the
professionals if you will in the State
Department and the CIA and in the
defensive establishments have their
reservations about Mohammed bin Salman
from the very outset but what you had
with the the coming of the Trump
administration as a Saudi American
relations have become almost a function
of a personal relationship between the
president's son-in-law Jared Kushner and
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman now and
I think what we may be seeing now at
least here in the United States is an
attempt by the professionals to reclaim
a role in that relationship now this is
complicated because in the meantime
Muhammad bin
man has managed to establish absolute
and unbridled power and and Riyadh has
managed to weaken any alternative power
centers well there are other branches of
the family or the security forces and so
on and so I think this is going to go on
for some time and that even if you know
there is basically I would say Muhammad
bin said man's future is now in the
hands of the Trump administration okay
then that's the America that's an
important point let me take that thought
back to George oh so if we're seeing the
White House Donald Trump put something
of a question mark over Mohammed bin
Salman what does that mean for the crown
prince it seems that if more and more
people in America come to the conclusion
that MBS played some sort of a role in
the murder of the Washington Post
contributor his Crown Prince may become
the next king of Saudi Arabia is going
to be seen as increasingly toxic in
Washington since he began his ascendancy
to the palace MBS and those around him
have made major investments in the US
and other Western countries trying to
attract foreign investment for his
vision 2030 reform agenda he's tried to
obtain a lot of goodwill in Washington
those efforts now have suffered the
question is if the reversal is if this
can be reversed or not this negative
direction it's going to be very well do
you think there's an occult for MBS to
regain the goodwill you know in the past
there have been so many issues that
caused tension between the US and Saudi
Arabia and between other countries in
Saudi Arabia but over time those issues
seem to sort of escape the spotlight and
relations always went back to business
as usual
surely the Saudis want that right now
but given how much outrage there is in
Washington I
it's gonna be a long time before people
stop talking about this case perhaps
also different this time is how many
international players there are on this
issue not least of which of course
Turkey sin and do you think Turkey wants
to see the accountability reach Mohammed
bin Salman doorstep at this point surely
I don't think that that's the Turkish
president's objective he that is also
the reason why there is pressure
mounting on the Turkish side gradually
the reason why that is gradual is
because president Erdogan is also aware
of the difficulty that this incident has
caused to us to the US president and
just as the turkey us relationship is
slowly improving I did not want to
create yet another serious difficulty
for Trump before the midterms so this is
the fine balancing act that he has to
take into consideration on the one hand
he wants to build up pressure so that
eventually mom had been salmon is held
accountable but at the same time he also
wants to provide a face-saving formula
for Trump given how deep that
relationship is between Trump Jared
Kushner and M yes I wonder mean if you
think listening to what's in and saying
there whether you think Donald Trump may
already be finding that face-saving
solution to allow perhaps harder
measures against Saudi Arabia when he
said he'll leave it mostly up to
Congress to decide what to do next
surely he knows full well that the
sentiment in Congress monks most
senators bipartisan is to go for
sanctions against Saudi Arabia yes but
you know you can you can have sanctions
that amount to a slap
the wrists or you can have a meaningful
change of policy domain want something
more than a slap on the wrist at this
point well that's what they're saying
now
you know give the lobbyist some time to
spring into action and they may end up
being less enthusiastic and also what
kind of sanctions are they proposing for
example should the United States cease
to sell weapons to Saudi Arabia that
would obviously be good news for Yemen
for example but wouldn't necessarily
affect the power dynamic in India you
know as with so many Arab regimes the
legitimacy of an Arab regime is not
determined by the support of its own
people they can survive quite well
without the support of their own people
the real test of their longevity is
whether Western governments are prepared
to continue propping them up and that I
think is is the key key issue here and
again we're not talking about regime
change and rearmed we're really talking
about the future of one player in that
power structure and whether Mohammed bin
Sandman will be allowed to continue
exercising playing the role he has
monopolizing power the way he has ascent
to the throne and remained on that
throne for perhaps decades and given the
type of decisions he's been taking I
think there are growing misgivings in
the West about keeping him on board for
perhaps decades to come and there are
second thoughts now whether at this
stage it's it's going to be a simple
matter to have him replace or not as I
think an entirely different set of
questions
Giorgio's what impact with any level of
tougher action from Congress have do you
think on Riyadh I think that if the US
government is going to take actions
against Saudi Arabia what we can expect
is an acceleration of a trend that began
years
years ago and that is Saudi Arabians
making a geo economic shift eastward
what we're seeing from this current
conference in Saudi Arabia that's
ongoing right now is sort of a
stepped-up presence of Russian Chinese
and other Eastern investors in the
kingdom in many countries in the East
there is less of a political price for
the leadership to pay if it's seen as
being very close to a regime like Saudis
um and so I think Saudi Arabia is gonna
try to become more autonomous from the
United States and Europe and its eyes
are going to be on Moscow and Beijing it
relies heavily on the US for its defense
mechanism and strategy though doesn't
it's a man yes indeed and I think just
to hold on that top it was conspicuous
in a way that so far the statements
coming out of Moscow hasn't have been
very neutral we have not heard any no
criticism from Moscow it is you know and
Putin's statement were essentially quite
cautious and protective of Riyadh's
interest so I think when we talk about
the reaction to what happened among the
international community maybe we should
be slightly more nuanced the real
reaction is from the West we haven't
really seen any strong reaction from
other countries like Russia or China and
that ultimately may also be taken into
consideration in calculus in Riyadh I
mean
how real is the scenario do you think of
Saudi oil using perhaps its oil card to
the kind of mute any consideration of
strong sanctions or actions against it
I think it's extremely unlikely because
what Saudi Arabia needs now more than
anything as a strengthening of its
relations with the West and particularly
with the Trump administration secondly
Saudi Arabia is very heavily invested in
and along with Israel and the Trump
administration and seeking to increase
tensions and pursue a strategy of regime
change in Iran and so the last thing it
will want to do is to take measures that
will raise the price of oil above and
beyond what the removal of Iranian oil
from from the market would cause so I
think it's extremely unlikely and also
you know bear in mind the context Saudi
Arabia is now under significant
reputational pressure if you will and if
it responds to this by playing the oil
card and you know trying to wreak havoc
and in energy markets and so on that's
going to reflect very negatively on them
and particularly on the individual who
everyone sees as effectively functioning
is the sole decision maker and in regard
these days all right I think we are
going to have to end the discussion
there because we're running out of time
it's been a good discussion let's thank
our guests though George okay Fierro
seen an hooligan and Moira banning and
thank you too for watching you can see
the show again any time by visiting our
web site aljazeera.com and for further
discussion head over to our Facebook
page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
Inside Story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle there
is at aj inside story from me Sammy's a
dad and the whole team here for now
thanks for joining us
