with the date set the starting time
confirmed we now know the location for
Donald Trump and Kim Jong Un's first
meeting the ultra exclusive cappella
hotel on Singapore's Sentosa Island a
colonial era building transformed into a
six star hotel by renowned British
architect Norman Foster the decision
that has amounted to capella being the
choice has not just been about security
per se but on top of just the hard
security considerations it's also been
about the aesthetics the optics of the
summit as well this is a hotel that sits
right smack in the asia-pacific right at
the same time it has a cosmopolitan
Western story to it so East and West if
you like it's been reported that the
North Korean delegation favored the
hotel and Sentosa when they're in town
last week negotiating logistics for the
summit Singapore's resort island of
santosa is known for its beaches casinos
theme parks and golf course with the
personal interest of these two leaders a
perfect setting for the summit or even a
joint family holiday the city-state has
set up two special event areas that will
start just before the leaders arrive
sentosa island will be one as well as
the waters off its southwestern beaches
where the capela hotel sits and another
one about nine kilometres away in the
Tanglin area of Singapore this is where
the shangri-la and the st. Regis hotels
are thought to be where the two leaders
and their delegations will be staying
well in the run-up we're going to see an
increased signature of security
personnel security equipment but also
got it in combat commensurate with that
we're gonna see an increasing nature of
the public now that we know where the
location is everyone's curious and I
think the security operations will have
to be I have to be brought to bear
already in managing the crowd
managing vehicles there will also be a
clamp down in the sky parts of
Singapore's airspace will be restricted
during the summit the area and building
uses the pits for Singapore's Formula
One race is being transformed into a
huge media center more than 3,000
accredited media will use the centre but
thousands more expected in Singapore
over the next few days to cover the
summit Scott hi there al Jazeera
Singapore
