after days of anti-austerity protests
and the resignation of the Prime
Minister Jordan's King Abdullah has
spoken out on the unrest and what it
means for the region it had you
emotionally today's blame cannot be just
on the kingdom or its citizens our
political position in the region played
a big role there are many who do not
like the Jordanian role in the region so
this is part of the challenges that we
are now facing today but we have
confidence in the world and there is a
hope that countries will help us in
order to move forward we must rely on
ourselves and we need to better explain
to our citizens these real challenges
ahead of us so they can see everything
clearly for most of these protesters
it's not about politics or ideology gets
a little bit enough alienation we need
not to travel looking for a job to feed
our families we need not to get our
education overseas this is our country
and it is the right time to feel stable
here the protests in the capital Amman
have been directed towards the
government's plans for tax hikes and
austerity measures many of those who've
come out are young while the atmosphere
at this peaceful protest appeared almost
Festiva times the frustration is clear
asthma is an actress she says anyone
ignoring corruption and society means
they are part of the problem we are here
to save this country so that we don't
drown
many Jordanians say the message this
crowd is sending must be heard the
policy that are leading the country to
more depth and imposing more taxes will
take the country to unknown path we
decided to go to the streets people and
youth to put an end to these policies on
Tuesday king abdullah appointed
education minister rama Ariza's to be
the new prime minister and form a
government a former world bank official
at Reza's is considered a leading
reformer and his appointment comes after
his predecessor hany el mostly quit amid
the growing anger the protests began
after all mostly announced his plans to
raise income taxes by as much as five
percent taxes aimed at shrinking Jordans
37 billion dollar debt the a dependent
economy has been struggling with the
dramatic cut in donations by the UAE the
US and Saudi Arabia protesters say they
want to make it clear to the government
that simply replacing the Prime Minister
will not go far enough mohammed abdullah
al jazeera
