some say all political careers end in
failure but Mariano Rajoy has been Swift
and humiliating removed by a no
confidence vote he described as a very
grave precedent for Spanish democracy he
told his senior colleagues at the
People's Party headquarters of Madrid it
was time to go Yoda
being shot get he got away a moment I
think the time has come to bring this to
an end and for the People's Party to
continue under someone else's leadership
it was an emotional farewell after more
than three decades in politics but he
will remain in place in a caretaker role
until a special party conference decides
who will replace him it was the shadow
of what judges called
institutionalized corruption with his
own party that brought him down but Rojo
said the socialist government was
extremely weak and Spain was now facing
an uncertain future in a bitter attack
on new prime minister Pedro Sanchez he
said a Frankenstein government was being
formed with disastrous traveling
companions the Basque nationalists and
Catalan separatists who backed his no
confidence motion political scientists
believe with a new leadership the
People's Party can reinvigorate its
space and distance itself from the taint
of corruption the government of Hyde
needn't never faced these political
crises they they maintained all the
party as he was before they didn't make
any kind of regeneration of the parties
the Socialist Prime Minister spent the
day naming new members of his cabinet
they included a catalan as foreign
minister who had opposed last year's
secession referendum the former Catalan
president cars before fighting
extradition in Germany described him as
a man who had escalated hate in
Catalonia not an encouraging start for
Sanchez
and his hopes of de-escalating the
separatist crisis
David Chater al Jazeera Madrid
