collateral damage or indiscriminate
bombing the us-led coalition was
fighting ISIL in the Syrian city of
Raqqa
but it's accused of killing hundreds of
civilians and it's International says
that could amount to war crimes
so can the coalition be held accountable
this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I am
Hoshi mahabhava reports by Amnesty
International says there's strong
evidence the us-led coalition fighting
ISIL in Raqqa violated international law
and may have committed war crimes here
are the reports main findings hundreds
of civilians were killed and thousands
wounded by coalition airstrikes
described as disproportionate and
indiscriminate I sell used civilians as
human shields but the Coalition didn't
take enough precautions to avoid
casualties British and French forces
were also involved but the u.s. was
responsible for more than 90% of
airstrikes more attacks were launched on
Raqqa than anywhere since the Vietnam
War amnesty
called on the coalition to investigate
claims of violations publicly
acknowledged the scale of devastation
and compensate victims a coalition
spokesman said persistent efforts were
made to minimize harm to civilians the
u.s. led a four-month campaign dubbed a
war of annihilation by defense secretary
James mattis to flush ISIL out of Raqqa
coalition warplanes and special troops
supported an offensive launched by
mainly Kurdish Syrian democratic forces
SDF to take the city Raqqa lies in the
north of Syria and ISIL declared it the
capital of its Caliphate in 2014
ISIL controlled large territories of
Iraq and Syria Raqqa was a main
stronghold the Planning Center for
attacks around the world especially
after Mosul fell to Iraqi forces but in
October last year it also lost Raqqa to
the SDF much of the city is in ruins and
many of its three hundred thousand
population fled during the fighting
let's bring in our guests joining us
from London hide hide Syria consulting
research fellow at the Chatham House
from bereaved Ilias Ferhat military
analyst and retired general in the
his army and by Skype from arezzo in
Italy is joshua landis director of the
center for Middle East Studies at the
University of Oklahoma thank you all for
joining us
hi can the outcome of the report trigger
legal action against the us-led
coalition well basically that the scale
of the casualties on the ground among
civilians is what the report I think is
asking for because we don't know the
scale exactly what we know so far is
that the report confirms what locals
have been saying for months during and
after the attack on Raqqa they have been
saying that a big number of civilians
have being has been killed they also
mentioned that civilians and other parts
of Syria not only Raqqa were was killed
by the us-led coalition strikes but so
far we didn't see serious efforts from
the coalition order first to investigate
and to be transparent about the results
of those investigation so unless that is
basically clear and transparent we
cannot really assess what the scale of
the vibration that we are talking about
here we asked the amnesty report talks
about the sport disproportionate and
indiscriminate attacks that could be
described as potential war crimes how
significant is this report from a
military perspective yes when you kill
hundreds of civilians to say that this
is collateral damage is not an excuse
the us-led coalition should resort to
other means in order to to win the
battle for example if they opposed a
siege on Raqqa and try to you to
negotiate with the people inside and to
try to reach a settlement with them any
other solution better than
bumping it with thousands of air sorties
or thousands of artillery rounds and
killing the innocent with the armed men
together instead of that they should
have resorted to peaceful means in order
to to minimize the damage and to save as
much as they can
civilians from the damages of this war
we understand that the us-led coalition
is fighting Isis which is an
organization with great terrorist
actions were all over the world but that
doesn't mean that they include civilians
with them and harm the civilians and
kill them so I think that the Amazon
tersh international report should be the
base for an inquiry mission in order to
make all of the shipment accountable
what they have done
Joshua the Coalition said that it it has
it took extraordinary measures to
minimize civilian casualties but I mean
you see the Amnesty International report
testimonies from activists on the ground
basically saying that areas were
completely wiped out during the campaign
to evict ISIL from Raqqa yes we've seen
this over and over again if we look at
Ramadi we look at Fallujah we look at
Musso we look at Raqqa that's of course
on the coalition side all of those
cities eighty eighty-five percent of the
housing completely destroyed lots of
firepower many civilians were
undoubtedly killed but if we look on the
Syrian and Russian side of course we saw
the same thing we saw tremendous
condemnation on the part of the west
towards the bombing of Aleppo pumps that
are many other places and most recently
of course the suburbs
of Damascus and who tapas in all of
these places very similar situation it
just underlines how difficult Bourbon
warfare is and how brutal all war for it
becomes we look at this in reflection of
Second World War for example where the
war was ended in Japan of course by
first fire bombing Tokyo the single
largest day of death in the Second World
War and then when the Japanese did not
surrender after a hundred and thirty
thousand were killed in one day
Hiroshima and Nagasaki 200,000 mostly
women and children incinerated
not because they were of strategic
importance neither city was but because
they had been unbound and they could be
a demonstration effect and this of
course caused the Japanese to surrender
and this you know in a sense this lesson
of using overwhelming brutal force
breaking the morale of the people is in
a sense a lesson that lives on and every
army tries to do it use overwhelming
force we see that the end of many wars
it leads to this kind of all-out
brutality and we see it here again and
of course the coalition tried to cover
up their tracks to a certain degree by
saying smart bombs we're being extra
careful we haven't killed civilians and
and being duplicitous lying about the
number of systems that they killed and
yet we can't escape the fact this has
wrecked tremendous human damage and
we're seeing the same thing in Yemen
where we keep on getting reports of ten
thousand people killed because nobody's
counting anymore and all the newspaper
journalists are complicit they keep on
using the word mouston and we know
because they said is it necessarily more
than that you know some of those areas
journalists are restricted from going to
this area to independently verify
exactly what's going on
hide following up with what mister just
was saying do you think that this could
pave the way for activists operating on
the ground different organizations to
come together to try to uncover exactly
what
happened ibaka well definitely since the
the fighting stopped I think we have a
great opportunity for people to be able
to verify what happened there but for
that to happen there are a few issues
that need to be taken into consideration
the first one is that those groups and
individuals should be allowed to enter
at the area and be protected in that
area and they should be given access to
different different people in different
areas meaning whether some people were
displaced to other cities or were
detained or they're living in displaced
camps outside Africa that's one issue
the other issue is that they should be
allowed to give an access to military
information I understand that some of
those information might be a classified
but the without access to those
information people will not be able to
verify what happened what type of
basically ammunition was used what the
number the official number that was
reported in order to compare to that the
number on the ground so few issues need
to be taken into consideration in order
for people to do that so far we didn't
see that happening the amnesty basically
delegation when there was given access
to people on the ground but I think they
were not giving access to military
information and this is why they were
not able to compare notes and they were
not able to come out with basically
concrete figures he asked the us-led
coalition in its attempt to try in a
speech to defeat ISIL has been using
overwhelming force but particularly in
Raqqa in Syria and also in Mosul in Iraq
the finding is now of Amnesty
International to what extent could they
change the rules of engagement in the
near future if the Coalition meets
similar situation in different places
Amnesty in its report said that they
interviewed dozens of people and each
one of them told what was with them and
their families how many people from
their families
killed and the bombings of the sled
coalition and they cannot stand still in
front of these witnesses who saw their
families being killed so there are
people killed and there are someone who
killed them the us-led coalition so to
know what verification do we need now
other than this witness and this proof
from the us-led war planes or artillery
or missiles or other things so I mean
there is a necessity for an acquiring
mission in order to put an end of this
bad conduct during the war I told you
that the Syrian army resorted to what
they called settlement and
reconciliation and some of the fighters
chose to leave the area to another safer
area for them and others chose to stay
they'd be saved even of civilian we
consciousness you know it is we cannot
use Syrian government as an example they
have used barrel bombs in different
areas killing thousands of people more
than a half a million people are
according to different SME so that I
don't think that should be used as an
example but let me go to Joshua this is
a totally different world just what can
you expect the international community
to react how what should be the
appropriate reaction to the finding of
Amnesty International a United Nations
inquiry a judicial judiciary case or
what should be the case well first of
all you know we can talk about what
should happen and what will happen what
will happen is that this report it will
probably disappear with many other
amnesty reports in the war
part of the coalition is France Great
Britain United States all members of the
Security Council the UN will not be able
to investigate this in any meaningful
way I imagine and and it only
underscores the brutality as you were
just mentioning of this entire war and
if an investigation is brought into
Rucka of course the Americans and the
Coalition will say well then you have to
investigate Isis you have to investigate
the brutality of the Syrian regime or
the Russians and everybody will want to
investigate everybody else and they're
all guilty of course of killing many
people this has been an extremely brutal
war and you know it in many ways this
this underlines also the control of the
media in a place like Raqqa where there
was almost no media coverage of anywhere
we didn't have anybody inside Raqqa
getting information out there were very
few groups
there was this one Raqqa group that that
was reporting and did have information
from inside but it didn't have good
coverage and it's also the demonization
of the enemy which is part of modern
warfare it's much more effective than it
used to be and because Isis was
demonized and one can say well
rightfully it was demonized
but it allowed the coalition to carry
out this war of total destruction and
with it with the insistence that all
Isis members should be killed on the
battlefield and or captured and this
meant that there was a great hesitancy
to negotiate and this is what we've just
been hearing from your other commentator
here in Beirut is that negotiations are
crucial you cannot demonize the other
side to the point where it becomes okay
to kill large numbers of civilians in
order to and we've seen in this war on
every side civilians have been trapped
and they've been used as hostages
because air power is so devastating the
only place for groups like Isis or other
militia
to hide in urban areas and they have to
retain the population with them in order
to try to scare you know the coalition
or the Syrian and Russian Air Force not
to bomb because they'll be worried about
the collateral damage and this leads to
an escalation and in a in a sense of per
se a point where yeah hide I mean with
with the media has spoken about Raqqa
the moment it was taken over by the SDF
but ever since there's not that much
about about the city itself what's the
situation like over there now well I
spoke to many people over the past weeks
who are either in La Rocca or in the
countryside Africa and they said
basically more than 90 percent of the
city is completely destroyed people have
not been able to basically go back there
a small number of locals were able to
was able to go back there but the
problem is that they are facing many
issues there the first one is that the
Isis before it left the city at left
many mines and booby traps and this is
why people cannot do that themselves
many people try to divine their homes
and they were killed in the process so
this is one of the biggest challenges so
far so unlike unfortunately not much is
being done in order to help and on that
front the second one is that basically
there is no services there and people if
they are willing to go back there there
is no water there is no good mosquito
city so they are basically suffering on
so many different levels on top of that
many people question the legitimacy of
the SDF and the groups affiliated with
it they are ruling the city so you have
many challenges that are basically
preventing locals from going back there
and we don't see much basically a force
in order to change that that change that
and basically allow people and encourage
them to go back there yes the city
itself could in a way or another be
symptomatic of the overall picture of
Syria there is an ethnic divide the SDF
and the Arab factions there the
tribesmen the regional interference
Turkey is concerned it accuses sorry
Arabia and other countries of
interfering that Syrian military is
willing to move forward to take over the
city how do you see the future of
stability in those areas I mean the
future of the area should be in the
hands of the us-led coalition if there
is an intention to rehabilitate al raqqa
and reconstruct some homes or some
infrastructures in the city then we will
see some people or most of the people
will be back to their homes but so far
there is no intention no any movement on
the ground that indicates that that they
want to to bring back the people to
their homes so if they want to wait for
the interest of Turkey or the Kurds or
the government or Saudi Arabia or any
other wait decades and the remnants will
stay remains there should be a decision
from the us-led coalition and order
first to divine and to take off the
booby traps and then to bring some you
know contractors that will reconstruct
something to allow the people be back to
their country house if the list is yes
Joshua the ISIL has been evicted from
Mosul from Baraka
but he's still there in different parts
of the of Syria and Iraq does that leave
room for ISIL to stage any come back
anytime in the future I don't think he's
gonna make a big comeback Isis spread
because the collapse of governments both
in Iraq and of course in Syria with the
civil war there and the uprising though
that situation has changed the Iraqi
army is much stronger than it used to be
it's much better armed the Syrian army
in fact is also stronger than
to be in many ways even though it's a
few in number and it's exhausted and it
doesn't have money I don't see you know
the United States is also there I don't
see a big comeback you know the best
outcome of course would be if this
report could spur the United States to
spend hundreds of millions of dollars
more money and hasten the process as
your last commentator Elias was saying
they need bulldozers in order to clear
the area to demine they need big
bulldozers that can quickly D mine areas
without hurting the people these have
not been released the government the
American government does not want to
spend a lot of money and it's not doing
it with any great and that needs to be
you know that would be the one in a
sense mm-hmm salvation if this report
could spur the coalition into spending
hundreds of millions more dollars and
really putting you know putting some
fire in their attempts to rebuild
because otherwise the underlying point
you made in your last question which is
things are gonna go wrong it may not be
Isis it comes back but we're gonna see a
lot of trouble in this region this has
been the poorest region of Syria for
decades
it's troubled as you say between Kurds
and Arabs
there's tribal violence there are a lot
of other minorities and of course the
geostrategic situation is terrible with
America Turkey Assad the Russians all at
daggers drawn it's a tinderbox it reason
bad things well the reason why I asked
you about ISIL I would leave that same
question to hide is basically we've seen
ISIL given a chance to leave Iraq just a
few days before it was captured by the
STA but there are pockets of resistance
in the south of the country on the
border with Jordan and also in the era's
all also in IDI Lib where ISIL emerges
from from from from time to time
the issue here I totally agree with what
you are saying and I think the
possibility of Isis reimbursing mostly
as an insurgency is quite big because
if you look at basically the
circumstances that allow the group to
flourish in the first place it's just a
symptom of the conflict in Syria and
basically the grievances in Syria and
Iraq
so it's not cool it's a symptom and this
is why we need to look at the causes
that allow this group to flourish and
emerge in the first place so far what we
have been seeing is that there has been
only military strategy in order to
defeat the group and capture the
territories that was under its control
but there has not been any comprehensive
strategy in order first to deal with the
grievances and deal with the root causes
that allowed this to take place to allow
the group to emerge for example that
large-scale killing that the regime and
Russians and the Iranians are doing in
Syria that will basically allow Isis and
other groups thank you who used that as
a recruiting tool for for years to come
so all those issues should be addressed
and the needs of the people on the
ground should be addressed in order to
prevent the group once and for all from
every emerging otherwise unfortunately
we will most likely see it so hide hide
areas for has joshua landis it's always
good to have you on the program thank
you very much indeed and thank you too
for watching you can see that program
again anytime by visiting our website
aljazeera.com for further discussion go
to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
inside story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
aj inside story from irrational but
involved in here bye for now
