it does not take long to understand why
the Tanjong Pagar Aryan Singapore is
known as little Korea for decades this
stretch of the road has been lined with
Korean restaurants and shops 23-year old
Cody Jian moved here four months ago
from the South Korean port city of Yale
soup he has high hopes for next week's
historic summit between Donald Trump and
kim jeong-hoon I'm Donna many people
will change that perception and think
that South Korea is safer this kind of
event does not take place very often
I hope it's successful it's not known
how many North Koreans are in Singapore
there's an embassy here but the
government recently stopped issuing work
permits and halted all trade after UN
sanctions were tightened it's estimated
that there are 30,000 South Koreans
living in Singapore a tight community
with their hub right here in little
Korea a place where they can gather a
place where they can have a taste of
home the Korean Association in Singapore
has been around for more than 50 years
actually as a South Korean we hope that
this summit happened in South Korea
Panmunjom this is a history moment right
so I'm really happy to be here in
Singapore at this
yeah history moment the Association is
planning gathering for June 12th so
members of the Korean community can
watch the summit together for now
they're going about their business as
usual but in a few days a meeting will
be held just across town that could
forever change the future of their
homeland Scott hi there al Jazeera
Singapore
