it's been a year since Sandy Arabia the
United Arab Emirates Bahrain and Egypt
imposed a blockade on cutter cutting off
land sea and air links so how is the
state of Qatar the world's largest
exporter of natural gas coping with the
crisis a what's the impact on the
region's future
I'm Sammis Aden in Doha we're talking to
cutter's Foreign Minister about one year
on from the worst diplomatic crisis in
the Gulf Cooperation Council 'he's
history Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdul Rahman
and Thani talks to Al Jazeera
it's been a year since a blockade was
imposed on cutter and this anniversary
is marked with the resurgence of threats
against your country I'm sure you're
aware of the reports that talk about the
Saudi king sending a letter to the
French president in which a threat was
made that cutter would face military
action from Saudi Arabia if your country
purchases Russian missiles do you
believe that Qatar could face an attack
from Saudi Arabia
first of all just let me let us make it
very clear that the purchase of any
military equipment is a sovereign
decision which no country has anything
to do with so there is no legitimate
grievance behind this letter and
threatening Qatar it's violating the
international laws violating all the
international norms and the most
importantly it's violating the GCC
Charter which is the countries of the
GCC should not launch an attack against
each other so we believe that this
letter has no any legal basis to justify
any action we have been subjected to a
lateral measure which was taken by by
the Saudis unfortunately as as a
reckless behavior from what do you make
of the Saudi claim that it would disturb
the balance of power represents an
escalation for Qatar to obtain the s400
sister well it's unfortunate that they
see this as destabilization because
utter is not representing any threat for
the Saudis but what most importantly we
have to look at the behavior of the
Saudis since the past year when we see
the actions how it's going in Yemen or
what they have done with the prime
minister and recently the president of
France himself he said that he saved the
country he saved the region from a war
by helping and raising the prime
minister of Lebanon so this is something
that they have been continuing as a
pattern in their behavior do you see
this report
according to the information you have do
you believe this report in the press
that Saudi the sound of King really made
this threat do you think it's credible
well we are seeking for formal
confirmation from the French government
and have you received any response what
have they said to the response should be
tomorrow if it's confirmed what would
your response be to the Saudis well we
are going to respond legally by as as a
response of a country that this is not
violating the international law and as a
threat for our country which is not
acceptable by the international
community
that's gotta need to take any defensive
military steps in light of this reported
well we are going to take the old
varys's reaction to defend our country
but it's like well what do you count
with this is first of all this is not
there is no any serious military threat
out of this but it's the way it's been
used to justify or to create any
disturbance in the region is just
unacceptable
so Qatar is gone to treat this the same
way they have we have treated the
illegal blockade we are going to seek
all the international fora to make sure
that this behavior is not repeated one
year on does Qatar face the threat of
military invasion from anyone for the
last year there was an announcement by
the Emir of Kuwait himself that he
prevented a military action in the
region after the blockade of Qatar and
we have heard several countries reported
the same thing that was unfortunately a
threat was coming from the region but
since September we we have seen that
those threats being eliminated and
thanks for the friends and alliance
Qatar has that made sure that regional
states stable well this is going to be
my next question is who do you credit
amongst your friends and allies for
blocking these attempts or reported
attempts to invade Carter well all our
friends and allies played a part
of all inverse and preventing any
escalation from taking place in the
region because they understand that the
region cannot afford a further
escalation so our friends in the region
like Turkey and Oman and Kuwait of
course as well as Europe and United
States I'll come back to that point in a
minute if I may but I'm curious to know
we'll cut to go ahead and buy the s400
missile system or are you at all
rethinking that in light of these
reported threats Qatar made all the
options open for its defense force
defense procurement so we are seeking
the best quality to defend our country
and we have all the options open for
this so it's possible that you may not
need to buy the s400 is subject to the
evaluation of the military people it's
not a decision which will be taken in
light of a threat that threat has
absolutely no bearing no political
bearing on the decision on whether Qatar
remained independent country and it's
protecting this independence
this would not be a subject for any
compromise nation Qatar is a
long-standing ally of the United States
of America you have a lot of American
and Western hardware in your military
forces why do you think Qatar needs now
Russian military systems is that an
indication at all of perhaps you're
feeling or cutters feeling that it needs
to diversify some of your foreign
alliances well as I just mentioned to
you that a lot of Defense Department is
evaluating all the defense options we
are a long-standing ally and we are not
going to compromise our alliance with
the United States which is our number
one military ally we have a military
alliance with several other countries as
well and it's part of our defensive
strategy the options to procure any
different equipment will be subject to
the utterly defense assessment but has
anything changed I guess is my question
in the last year we've seen for example
more Turkish troops deployed in Qatar
we've heard an announcement that Turkish
air and naval forces will be at some
point
deployed in Qatar there was a
cooperation deal signed military
cooperation deal or MOU signed with
Russia in December Qatar announced deals
to buy jets from France from the UK I
mean if you put all this together is it
would one be justified in saying that in
the last year Qatar is sought to perhaps
diversify some of its friendships and
military alliances well first of all
turkey is a NATO member and we have a
strong strategic relationship and
partnership with word turkey and also
France or UK they have been part of our
defence system since decades in the
United States as well where we have
where we host the largest US air base
outside the United States and more than
11,000 US troops
so all this diversification is nothing
new to Qatar we are hosting the center
of command of the counter - coalition
and we have no worries that you can
still count on the u.s. there is your
traditional ally well the u.s. the US
has been a long-standing partner with
Qatar and Qatar has been committed and
US has been committed to this
partnership do you believe that if Qatar
faced any military action do you believe
the US would come to your aid if you
needed it well our defense cooperation
with the United States we highly
appreciate but the first line of
protection for the state of Qatar is the
copper II capabilities with all due
respect they can't match the
capabilities of sand Arabia in the UAE
the u.s. the u.s. defense cooperation
agreement stated very clear that the
u.s. will be in Qatar is if it's if it's
will be required and this is also stated
in our joint communique and when we have
conducted the strategic dialogue in end
of January and also and the joint
defense declaration which we have signed
there and you're still confident that
that will be the u.s. position even in
this era of change in the u.s. the u.s.
understands very well that the region
cannot afford
further escalation and the u.s. is a
strong ally for cataland for the other
GCC member and they have played a
positive and constructive role since
this blockade they started and we are
counting and their constructive role to
be continued as well I'm glad you
mentioned the u.s. role there if we
think back to perhaps some of the early
statements by the US President Donald
Trump on June the 9th he was talking
about how the nation of Qatar has
historically he said been a funder of
terrorism at a very high level on April
the 10th of this year we heard a
different tone from the US president
when he referred to the Emir of Qatar as
a friend of mine and quote a gentleman
do you see a change not so much in the
overall u.s. position but particularly
and specifically the White House
position on Qatar well the u.s. position
as the u.s. institutions and
administration has been since this
illegal measures been taken against the
state of Qatar remain the same I'm very
supportive remain calling for
de-escalation and for a unity within the
GCC the president tweets at the
beginning of the crisis is not
reflecting what we are assessing or
evaluating our relation with us based on
and the president has been informed by
his institutions about the relation
between Qatar and the United States and
we have very strong and very
constructive engagement with the
President himself and the President
himself he has spent a lot of efforts in
the escalating the situation and calling
for the unity of the GCC and trying to
convene a meeting between the GCC
countries in that communication you've
had has has ever had an impact on the
White House has had an impact on the US
president and perhaps softened his
position well the communication mainly
happened between within the system
itself but our communication remained at
the highest level since the crisis
started and the US President himself
from the first call with the Emir at the
beginning of the crisis he expressed his
support for
the relationship and his desire for this
relationship to continue to be stronger
and calling for the unity for the GCC as
well following the blockade a number of
other nations from Chad in Africa to the
Maldives in Asia cut relations with
Qatar now that a year is passed I mean
how much impact or damage has this
blockade done to cutters foreign
relations which you handle well we see
the damage in the foreign relation
between Qatar and other states has been
almost very marginal there are a few
just few countries accepted the
blackmail of the blockading States and
they followed their policies but the
rest of the world stood very firm
against all these measures and they
didn't follow any of the policies of the
blockading States but are build a strong
and robust relationship with the
international community has been an
active player and the international
community playing a constructive role in
this international community Qatar role
when you look at an Africa or Asia or
anywhere in the world you will see it
has been with the International
Development and education and creating
job and economic empowerment utter
celebrated this year the education of
ten million children in vulnerable
countries Qatar created more than three
hundred thousand jobs in North Africa
and and some other countries who are in
need so the program's of Qatar
Development and the investments and the
strong relationship Qatar has built with
the international community was built on
trust was built on mutual confidence on
this relationship and those were the
main resisting power for the blockading
States black lives do you think that
some of that information which you are
mentioning to me was lost on some of the
world leaders because Qatar perhaps
didn't have a very robust communication
policy and again coming back to you
mentioned the tweets by Donald Trump do
you think some of that was simply fueled
by lack of appreciation or knowledge on
the part of the US president to the
realities in this region I cannot talk
about what's the background of the twist
because simply I don't know but when you
communicate now with with the White
House do you feel that there has been an
evolution in the understanding of the
u.s. we had we had a very intensive
conversation with the White House even
before the blockade and before the
crisis started that this communication
which we need to build for any new
administration coming in a place and
this communication has resulted
positively as we have seen last April
and the meeting between the Emir and the
president all right so you do feel
there's been a change in perhaps the the
line from the White House as a result of
the communication we believe that the
change has the first fall the first
impression of of that which we cannot
build on it everything because towards
just to its end and when we deal with
the States we build our policy
assessments based on the policies of the
country and the institution's
economically Qatar has not been crushed
as perhaps the blockade countries were
hoping I looked up some economic facts
and figures according to an IMF report
in March Carter's economic growth is
expected to actually speed up to 2.6
percent this year
the fiscal deficit has shrunk we're told
from 9 to 6 percent of GDP Forbes says
your foreign reserves have increased to
2.9 billion dollars those are all very
positive numbers but are they
sustainable though because some
economists point out that it's thanks to
sustained government spending it's
thanks to the depositing of some 26
billion dollars by the government in
banks how long can you go on with that
sort of effort copper has faced a very
critical economic distressing plan by
the blockading seas for sure there were
spending by the government in order to
stabilize the economy in order to
help building the resilience of the
economy itself but this has been for the
last year we considered it as an
investment not as an as a cost that our
economy became more robust more self
dependent more resilient than ever we
have opened the new markets we have
opened the new trade lines that are
approved in the year of the blockade
that it's a reliable energy source
Qatar is the largest exporter of LNG in
the world we have countries who depends
on us and their energy Japan 30 percent
of Japan energy almost is coming from
Qatar China South Korea United Kingdom
so all those countries has the strong
partnership especially in the energy
sector that are approved for them that
it's a reliable partner in fact saying
that sort of ability to trade and to
export for the response for the shock of
the blockade of course there were some
cost and in order to invest in the
infrastructure for that read there were
some cost but we consider those cost as
an investments for the future of can you
sustain it for sure Qatar Qatar economy
is a robust economy is resilient economy
can sustain forever and as I told you
that are proved in this year of the
blockade that's a reliable trade and
economic partner our achievements like
that though dependent on the sort of
alliances which you can build and trying
to get a sense of when you go home and I
how vulnerable do you feel the situation
is in Qatar we believe that the
situation Qatar very strong and we don't
see the only vulnerability we see here
is the situation of the families which
being separated as an impact of the
blockade we have seen the vulnerability
in our regional security because we see
the amount of tension and the strain is
increasing and unfortunately it's
increasing because of this impulsive
behavior
conducted by the blockading the states
so that's the main concerns we are
looking at toddler as a country without
thinking about those two main factors
thanks god it's blessed with the
resources blessed with good governance
Tata has proved that its openness and
its policy reforming policy which
adopted 20 years ago where the
blockading stares stole they always
referred to the 20 years of bad relation
between them and total and complaining
about Qatar for the 20 years which was
the year of starting their reforming
policy of Qatar its pays now bloomberg
reported a figure it said the blockade
is crossed Qatar forty three billion US
dollars in financial losses can you
confirm figures like that we don't see a
basis for Bloomberg analysis because the
real losses of of the blockade where as
I told you the investments we invested
in the substitute of of our trades so
there is no cash loss at this amount and
part of this amount which Bloomberg has
mentioned where the deposits which is
which stabilizes the financial system
and and the cash reserve which is still
on investments as still as as a cash
they are saying there at the central
bank is there any sign of an end to this
blockade that you can see well are
always engaged in a constructive manner
with the Emir Kuwait with the president
of United States in order to put an end
for this crisis our concern is about our
people and the problem that caused
because of the crisis the separation of
family our priority is the regional
security we see that the region is in a
period which is which which has a lot of
disturbance around us and cannot afford
a needless crisis so we need to see a
solution for this crisis because of
those two reasons but this solution
should be
in a logical way they cannot impose
demands on a sovereign country if they
have any concerns or any grievances they
have to sit on a dialogue table and
discuss those those concerns and it has
to result with a connective obligation
on all the countries they cannot point
finger only on Qatar to be committed to
do something and they are not coming and
we are doing the opposite
so utter remains open to any possibility
of dialogue which is based on respect of
the international law based on on
respecting the sovereignty of each and
every country based on the respect of
the independence of each and every
country other than that they are not
willing to engage in a solution it's her
isin is there any initiative anything
going on that you would say to viewers
that offers some hope that this may be
resolved well the Emir of Kuwait is
calling for a meeting between the Gulf
states unconditionally meeting to
discuss the crisis Qatar respond was
positively I have delivered the respond
from a Zionist the Emir yesterday to the
Emir of Kuwait and we hope that the
blockading States will response the same
I'm sure you aware it's been reported
that Robert mullah in the United States
is investigating individuals with ties
to the United Arab Emirates like George
no Nader
about whether they tried to influence US
government policy on issues like the
Qatar boycott as well as Russian
influence in return for private gain
private business gain how concerned are
you that the interests the fate of
entire nations like Qatar could be
impacted if not decided by the business
interests of individuals we have a
confidence in the US the u.s. as a
country as administration has an agency
as as an agencies as a president as well
we have a confidence in the relationship
between Qatar and the US we see that
this confidence has paid and we see that
this partnership has been strengthened
as well so you're not concerned about
these sorts of reports and we think we
that we have a strong enough relation
that we can rely on do and unlike to get
a comment on the counterclaim from the
other side do the pictures of officials
from cutters investment fund for example
mr. Ahmed aroma he meeting with members
of the Trump transition team in December
2016 do those sorts of things indicate
that Qatar tried to do the same thing to
buy influence within the US government
actually actually the official meetings
happened and the transition period was
what the transition team meant was a
normal process between any foreign
government to introduce itself to the
new administration so there's never an
attempt by Qatar officials to private
business this is happening this is
happening with all the administration so
any administration which will be an
upcoming administration there there are
meetings between the upcoming the
transition team and the foreign
governments it's a normal process
blockade is still dragging on how will
cutter function differently do you think
in a year in five years down the road at
least when it comes to Foreign Relations
as a result of this blockade well Tata
remained an active an active partner for
its international partners and allies so
we were we are remaining in the area of
conflict resolution we are remaining in
the area of international development
Qatar proof that it's a reliable energy
partner and we believe that our relation
which we have built throughout the years
will continue to be much more stronger
as well and we will work on achieving
our vision which we have which we have
determined decades ago and this vision
that Qatar will be a reliable active
international member of the
international community and we will
promote for peace and stability for our
region Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdul Rahman
Anthony the foreign minister of Qatar
thank you very much for talking to our
desire sir
