more of these amazing pictures from the
eruption in Guatemala at aljazeera.com
and in pictures gallery which has been
speedily put together by the online team
it is hard to imagine without actually
experiencing in it isn't it but reports
from David and these pictures close as
you can get to it have a look for the in
pictures section it is in the main top
menu at aljazeera.com now taking a look
at social media hundreds are expressing
their condolences and sorrow for the
lives that have been lost and so far
we've seen more than 300,000 tweets
about the situation since the volcano
erupted many are used in the hashtag a
volcano Fuego and pray for Guatemala and
most of it is coming from people there
and in neighboring countries like Mexico
Honduras El Salvador and Ecuador
officials say this is the most violent
eruption from Fuego in more than four
decades
well Krishna Jarrah was hiking just when
the volcano erupted and this is what he
posted on Facebook yeah I don't have any
updates but it's raining water and ash
and there is an odd smell in the area
well he was close enough to the volcano
that he managed to get these shots of
the thick plumes of smoke and ash
raining on the area and seeing the sheer
magnitude of the smoke clouds was one
thing but listen to the sound of this
powerful eruption
meanwhile other videos showed rescue
teams working overnight into the morning
searching for survivors and attending to
charred bodies of victims and they
injured the government says it will make
sure that people have the latest
information on the volcano from
responding to emergency calls or
offering assistance to residents we are
here to help we are also setting up our
Operations Center at a local school so
that our government agencies and even
the president of Guatemala can access
the latest information well over 1
million people are now affected by this
eruption and many of them are now
currently in relief shelters but some
people online like Astrid are urging
people to retweet about Guatemala
instructing them to point out the
central location where items like food
and clothing can be found like this
poster which refers to pan info
University now in terms of international
assistance Israel's foreign ministry
tweeted that it will be sending
emergency aid including medicine and
food as well and the Red Cross is also
sharing this post online informing
people of the risks you could suffer
from symptoms like difficulty breathing
and also skin allergies so they
recommend that people stay indoors wear
a face mask eye goggles and also to wash
their hands and they're also asking for
donations but I must point out though
that there are some pictures being
shared at the moment about Guatemala
that are fake this one is actually of
Hawaii's Kilauea volcano which has been
erupting for four weeks now and has
forced thousands of people from their
homes well if you are currently in
Guatemala or Hawaii do you get in touch
with us and let us know what's going on
there
connect with us on any of the platforms
using the hashtag AJ news grids thanks
Rahila and yeah just as we heated
