it's official jordan's government has
responded to the people's demands by
accepting to replace Prime Minister
haneul murky parliament speaker Olivet
Aruna told Al Jazeera he will reject the
law that initially sparked protests last
Thursday although it seems two of the
protesters demands have been met they
continued to March for the fifth night
in a row the resignation is a first step
to reduce the tension that exists in the
country the second step which is the
main step is to withdraw the decision by
King Abdullah from the Parliament
otherwise things will not calm down they
want to make it clear to the government
that's simply replacing unlucky with the
same old same will not fly people are
looking for a paradigm shift they're not
looking for changing the faces like you
know second one Prime Minister and
getting another one they're looking for
a change in the policies the policies
have been detrimental to the daily lives
of the people and in Jordan and they're
looking for changes in these in these
policies protests broke out after an
Mulkey under pressure by the IMF
announced his plan to raise income tax
by at least five percent the taxes were
aimed at shrinking Jordans 37 billion
dollar debt that's equivalent to 95
percent of the country's annual output
Jordan's a dependant economy has been
struggling with the dramatic cut in
donations by the UAE US and Saudi Arabia
and a large influx of refugees from the
surrounding conflicts have added to the
crisis king abdullah met with reporters
promising reforms in saying the country
must meet its challenges challenges the
middle class hope they won't have to pay
for Mohamed alabbar DC al Jazeera
