it's been one year since Saudi Arabia
the UAE Egypt and Bahrain imposed a
blockade on Qatar accusing it of
supporting terrorism as a claim that
Doha has strongly refuted well in a
special day of programming al-jazeera is
looking at the causes and effects of the
standoff we spoke to foreign minister
mohammed bin Abdulrahman al-thani who
says Qatar weren't make any compromises
and in particular to the latest reports
of threats of military action by Riyadh
first of all just let me let us make it
very clear that the purchase of any
military equipment is a sovereign
decision which no country has anything
to do with so there is no legitimate
grievance behind this letter and
threatening Qatar it's violating the
international laws violating all the
international norms and the most
importantly it's violating the GCC
Charter which is the countries of the
GCC should not launch an attack against
each other so we believe that this
letter has no any legal basis to justify
any action we have been subjected to a
lateral measure which was taken by by
the Saudis unfortunately as as a
reckless behavior from what do you make
of the Sunda claim that it would disturb
the balance of power it represents an
escalation for Qatar to obtain the s400
system well it's unfortunate that they
see this as destabilization because
Allah is not representing any threat for
the Saudis but what most importantly we
have to look at the behavior of the
Saudis since the past year when we see
the actions how it's going in Yemen or
what they have done with the prime
minister and recently the president of
France himself he said that he saved the
country
he saved the region from a war by
helping in the
the prime minister of Lebanon so this is
something that they've been continuing
as a pattern in their behavior according
to the information you have do you
believe this report in the press that
Saudi the sounder King really made this
threat do you think it's credible well
we are seeking for a formal confirmation
from the French government and have you
received any response what have they
said to the response should be tomorrow
if it's confirmed what would your
response be to the Saudis well we are
going to respond legally by as a
response of a country that this is not
violating the international law and as a
threat for our country which is not
acceptable by the international
community do you need to take does Qatar
need to take any defensive military
steps in light of this reported through
well we are going to take the old versus
reaction to defend our country but what
do you can't avoid this is first of all
this is not there is no any serious
military threat out of this but it's the
way it's been used to justify or to
create any disturbance in the region is
just unacceptable
so Qatar is going to treat this the same
way they have we have treated the
illegal blockade we are going to seek
all the international fora to make sure
that this behavior is not repeated will
cut the go-ahead and by the s400 missile
system or are you at all rethinking that
in light of these reported threats made
all the options open for its defense for
its defense procurement so we are
seeking the best quality to defend our
country and we have all the options open
for this so it's possible that you may
not need to buy the s400 is subject to
the evaluation of the military people
it's not a decision which will be taken
in light of a threat that threat has
absolutely no bearing no political
bearing on the decision on whether
remained independent country and it's
protecting this independence this is
would not be subject for any compromise
ation
