the new socialist Prime Minister Pedro
Sanchez started his first day in office
by welcoming the ukrainian President
Petro poroshenko to Madrid it was a
long-standing engagement on the former
Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy diplomatic
diary close aides for both leaders must
have had a long night
stirring up new breathing notes after
ahoy lost the vote of no-confidence but
the real focus of the day was on a
prison compound deep in the countryside
outside Madrid the newly elected
president of the regional government in
Catalonia Kim Tora was paying a call on
five of his former colleagues behind
bars awaiting trial on charges of
rebellion and sedition but the main
question was is there now a chance of a
new dialogue between Madrid and
Barcelona we have exchanged messages and
agreed to meet as soon as possible it's
important for me to emphasize that we
are going through an exceptional
situation in this country if we want to
know what type of Prime Minister we're
going to find the one who condemned the
independence referendum or a new man
that statement from the Catalonian
president now leaves the diplomatic ball
very much in the court of Pedro Sanchez
but he's got a lot on his plate already
he's got to form a new government but
both men realize if they're going to
take this opportunity they've got to
take it soon a right-wing rally over the
weekend in the Spanish capital condemned
the no confidence vote
as a constitutional coup they are
calling for a new election with a new
Prime Minister having only 84 socialist
votes in the 350 seat Parliament that
new election could come soon
David chater al Jazeera Madrid
