it's one year since the blockade of pata
began for ARP neighbors cut ties and
impose the land sea and air embargo the
aim to bring the hundreds knees have
they succeeded and is a settlement
possible this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Hashim Alberta a year ago four countries
Saudi Arabia UAE Bahrain and Egypt
severed their ties with Qatar and
imposed a food blockade it came after
Qatar state news agency was packed and
fake news posted on it al-jazeera's
own investigation has found the group
behind the hacking works from a Saudi
government minister in Riyadh and his
phones and computers were connected to
the Saudi communications company in a
separate development and Arabia
threatening military action against
Cotta if it acquires Russian weapons
those reports in two of the biggest
newspapers in France the Figaro and
Lamont they say the Saudi Crown Prince
has written to the presidents of France
and the United States of America and the
UK's Prime Minister warning he is ready
to retaliate if utter acquires the s400
anti-aircraft defense systems but the
threat of military action against her is
not new
the blockade in countries were
reportedly planning it at the beginning
of the crisis one year ago as we
mentioned the crisis began to unfold
with Qatar news agency was hacked on the
23rd of May for statements attributed to
the Emir of Qatar were posted on the
agency's website and broadcast by Saudi
and America media the hacking came three
days after US President Donald Trump met
Arab leaders in Saudi Arabia and
addressed the Riyadh summit on June the
4th hacked email accounts of the UAE s
ambassador to the United States use of a
lot eBay revealed his involvement in
long-running campaign to undermine Qatar
the next day
Saudi Arabia UAE Bahrain and idiot cut
ties with Qatar and impose a land sea
and air blockade they accused don't have
supporting terrorism which Qatar denies
the four countries then plays 59
individuals and 12 organizations from
Qatar on what it calls
terror list the group then sent Qatar a
list of 13 demands including shutting
down al Jazeera media network curbing
relations with Iran and closing a
Turkish man
to base it hosts a year on there's still
no end to the crisis let's bring in our
guests joining us in the studio abdul
aziz al hardy rector of the diplomatic
Institute at the Qatari Ministry of
Foreign Affairs from Kuwait Abdullah
shaji professor of political science at
the Kuwait University he's just written
a book on the GCC crisis root cause and
the future of these GCC alliance also in
Doha Sultan Baraka director of the
center for conflict and humanitarian
studies at the Doha Institute thank you
to all a disease one year after the
crisis has Tata banished to weather the
blockade actually it has managed and it
has managed successfully in terms of
economy politics media from all domains
I think Qatar has managed to manage this
huge crisis not only this even
politically speaking now Qatar is not
talking about this own security is
talking about the region the region
security there for His Highness the Emir
in the Munich conference has proposed
the idea of signing a regional security
agreement an umbrella that will protect
or assure the security and safety of all
countries in the region
assure that each country no matter the
size of this country can practice their
sovereignty and independence II I don't
like to remember a year ago we were
talking about the crisis triggering true
triggering one of the most difficult
moments for the region it seems like a
whole region was in uncharted territory
are we still within that uncharted
territory
unfortunately yes there is no inkling
that this senseless crisis in my opinion
children have taken place to start with
still just as we call the new normal now
and this is the most devastating part of
this crisis that has dealt a major blow
for the GCC
Alliance it has a delta major law to the
achievement so you used to have a few
years back when King Abdullah plan to
Saudi Arabia in 2011 suggested moving
from cooperation to Gulf Union and
everybody was on all about that and we
do so have grandiose plans and mighty
schemes that the GCC finally was going
to be leading the arab world where other
major powers in the other world have
been in shambles because of the crises
where they were going so put the
associated with what was called the Arab
Spring and now we are just hoping and
wishing and praying that we go back with
our dwarfing our our mighty expectations
to just going back to the way we were'
pre June 5th 2017 the watershed event
that is still reeling from we are
reeling from still taking its toll on us
it has really ripped off our
achievements whether its economic
whether its solidarity whether its
cooperation and also casted a major
shadow of doubt on the United States as
a guarantor of this region why this is
why the cutter is have to rely on few
hundreds of Turkish soldiers to save
their hands territories and sovereignty
and well-being while Qatar has 11,000 US
soldier will the largest air base for
the United States outside the United
States what are they doing there we'll
talk in detail later in the show about
the role of the United States of America
in this crisis Sultan there's always
been talk about a political way out of
this crisis but then when you hear the
reports from the front from the French
newspapers the Figaro and Lamont about
Saudi Arabia threatening military action
against Qatar if he acquires the s400
weapons from Russia
that is that an indication that we could
see even further worse happening in the
future
I think the likelihood is that the there
will be more escalation of threats
particularly if cutter does acquire
those anti-aircraft missiles however I
think the in the interest of everyone in
the region it is time to turn again to a
diplomatic process and really exert much
greater effort in trying to bring an end
to this blockade disease kata says that
it has managed to contain the crisis but
other costs manageable in a way or
another because you know Ataris then
have to tap into their wealth funds to
be able to compensate for that for the
damages created by the blockade is this
something that cuts I can't sustain in
the near future actually everybody is
losing in this meaningless fight or
struggle of power we lose they lose we
lose dollars they lose dollars a
minister or Minister of Finance of Qatar
has said we bleed they bleed yes this
this abdicate has caused a huge
financial impact not only on Qatar and
Qatar and on the locating continent we
are a resource hub in the whole region
the most stable used to be the most
stable region in the whole area
over there but Qatar managed throughout
the the year to really make sure that
its economy and its situation is really
strong
one indicator or one strong indicator
when Qatar issued the bond and asked for
eight billion u.s. dollars they they
attracted fifty billion US dollars it
shows that not only Qatar has managed to
really instill the trust and its economy
even the whole world is trusting the
economy of Katara
US President Donald Trump initially
backed Saudi Arabia the UAE Egypt and
Bahrain and the group's blockade against
Qatar but he sees called for
all science to resolve the dispute media
lists reveal how lobbying has played a
role in influencing Trump his particle
hane in Washington the nation of Qatar
unfortunately has historically been a
funder of terrorism it was a shock in
Washington and across the globe a u.s.
president publicly going after Qatar a
close ally that houses the biggest US
base in the Middle East siding with the
blockading countries at the time many
believe the Saudis fawning treatment of
him in Riyadh played a part but we now
know thanks to emails leaked to the
Associated Press
that the push to get the President to
side with Saudi Arabia and the United
Arab Emirates began months before the
emails are from Elliott Brody a big-time
Republican fundraiser according to the
AP he was working with Jorge nadir who
said he was close to both of the crown
princes from Saudi Arabia and the UAE
Brody reportedly lobbied the president
and later received hundreds of millions
of dollars worth of defense deals from
the UAE in one email birdie boasted
about his role writing Trump's vocal
support of Saudi Arabia at this summit
quote is a direct result of the campaign
we have led over the past two months to
highlight the funding of terrorism by
Qatar and the Muslim Brotherhood Brody
is suing Qatar he says they hacked his
emails a charge they deny but Qatar is
facing more scrutiny because of another
court case prominent Qatari czar being
sued by rapper Ice Cube he says they
didn't pay him as promised in a business
deal and his partner testified that they
tried to use them to get to Steve Fannin
in testimony describing their offer as a
bribe which they also deny all sides
have spent millions of dollars on
lobbyists trying to sway the Trump
administration one country in the Gulf
region is a threat to global security
are putting ads in the president's
favorite cable channel placing op-eds
and prominent papers lobbying lawmakers
we stand with the United States to
defeat terrorism in all forms there are
a lot of guys who are making an awful
lot of money in this town former
lobbyist Stephen billet thinks they are
likely wasting millions of dollars
because it you never really seen any
evidence of it later on you know you
don't see decisions made at a later time
that indicate that there was a positive
outcome according to the New York Times
the Saudis and UAE offered to help the
Trump campaign before the election it's
unclear if anything was done on his
behalf with their money but it's an
allegation Special Counsel Robert Muller
is likely looking at the man at the
center of many of these questions Jorge
Nader is cooperating with the
investigation pedicle hain al Jazeera
Washington Abdullah why has the US which
has a huge leverage in the region failed
to bring all the parties to negotiate a
political settlement could answer your
question the domestic angle played a
major role in swaying president Trump's
opinion to take first sides guest after
pointing fingers at Qatar supporting
terrorism big time and then after the
establishment represented by the State
Department by the Pentagon by the
intelligence community by even the
rational approach by the National
Security Council and national security
advice he took a more neutral stand and
later on when President when President
Bush received the Emir of Qatar in April
he showed the Emir of Qatar with praise
over the cutters role as an ally and as
a defender of United States interests as
a fighter against terrorism so all
politics is local as they say in United
States and clearly with Brody with
Kushner
and with the domestic angle even related
to president Trump's immediate family
the played a major role unfortunately
intertwined with Nina to say strategic
interests and the result is that we have
a wishy-washy flip-flopping United
States lacked leverage did not practice
its leverage did not play its leadership
role to support the Kuwaiti mediation
efforts led by the Kuwaiti Emir that
everybody is supports at least lip
service but at the end of the day the
you have United States losing and this
crisis because its major allies in the
region are bickering and fighting and
the United States is just by smoking and
watching without much to resolve this
this really critical crisis for United
States interests and regional interests
if you want to stand up to Iran and
terrorism then we have really to make up
in the League of the Allies and the Gulf
to be to be on the same page okay
Sultan could this be a sign that the
u.s. influence is waning in the region I
don't think so I think the u.s. is
playing for its own interest as you know
Trump has been very determined to
extract as much wealth from the from the
Gulf and invested in the US as as
possible in the last year or so
unemployment has dropped significantly
in the United States export has
increased contracts in in billions of
dollars have been signed Gulf countries
are
Racing to try and guarantee as many
contracts as possible
so I think he's very much playing to his
own interest his own audience and the
ultimate losers are the Gulf states and
it's not just about creating jobs and
opportunities in the u.s. in terms of
selling her military hardware but it's
also in terms of pursuing his objective
visibly Israel and Jerusalem this crisis
had has made the or gave the impression
impression that the best way to
influence Trump is through Israel and
all Arab countries involved have tried
to cause up to to the Israelis in one
way or the other
and of course the ultimate price that
was paid was the move of the movement of
the embassy to Jerusalem as is are there
still the same hopes that we've seen in
the past over the Kuwaiti mediation is
it going to work do you think it has a
potential to work against the backdrop
of the positions that we've seen
particularly for Saudi Arabia UAE at
least Qatar is showing a sincere really
believe in the Kuwaiti mediation has
been and it's still supporting this
mediation will it work or not this will
depend on a lot of external factors one
factors as ready to negotiate is ready
to sit on the table as they're ready to
put all the concerns on the table but
without preconditions but without a pre
demands its that is Qatar the external
factors is duplicating countries and and
and the others who have interest in this
blockade of the surprises to continue we
believe in the Kuwaiti mediation that
has worked B before and it has the
potential toward but it's on the table
Abdallah there's been an attempt by the
u.s. to a salvage a deal in april but
then the US administration said it has
delay the me
think now there are talks about
potential meeting between GCC leaders
and Trump in September white after the
annihilations General Assembly gathering
is it still possible to see Arab leader
Gulf leaders set aside their differences
and talk about a peaceful way out at
play between now and September yes
September is now slated for hopefully
the fourth GCC u.s. annual now it has
become an annual gathering or an annual
summit first one took place in 2015 2016
2017 and now 2018 it would be the first
since the crisis has erupted it first of
all I think there has to be a rational
approach this crisis has proven that
there is no rationality there is no
rational approach there is no plan B and
it's a zero-sum game that lose-lose for
everybody nobody's winning except our
adversaries and the United States and
probably Iran and the those who
hardliners who would like to see as
fragmented so maybe we could work things
out around the 15 demands and the six
principles if we just mix them together
and we talk about fighting terrorism we
talk about stopping the the lifeblood of
supporting and financing terrorism
adhering to the non intervention and the
safeguarding of sovereignty supporting
the Kuwaiti mitigation number two and
the United States has really has to get
off its back and to stop playing some
kind of leverage I understand that GCC
crisis is not a priority considering the
in turmoil that the ande scandals that
president Tom finds himself in with the
Russian probe and today is talking about
you come back pardoned himself with the
Korean issue with the Russian
intervention so the GCC crisis is not up
there in the radars okay but still for
the United States and its allies the
United States has needed to play a major
of leverage role supporting the Kuwaiti
initiative and
creation and for the GCC countries eager
to come to their senses okay and to sit
down and iron things out because this is
the longer it drags on everybody is
losing nobody's winning so tan you know
that there are many political analysts
who are really pessimistic about any
possible way out of this crisis in the
near future my question is what what's
next if all the parties remain
entrenched on the positions I think
let's take for Qatar to start with Qatar
I think has two options one option is to
continue as it is now trying to build
its own resilience and and to rely less
and less on its neighbors and to build
greater alliances internationally and
the other option I think and this is
something that is at the core of the
wealth of Qatar is that they really need
to start to think strategically in terms
of the of their gas market two major
contracts are soon due for renewal with
Korea and Japan and between them they
provide maybe 40 percent of the income
of Qatar and those has got to be the
priority I think it is time for Qatar to
stop worrying about the issue in terms
of crisis management mood and start to
work long term it is very important that
they secure contracts with with their
customers particularly I think South
Korea and Japan and and really started
thinking differently one way of doing so
is to maybe revive the idea of liquid
gas or gas cartel that was discussed in
the past maybe with the Russians the
Algerians the Iranians and others so
that their livelihood is is protected if
they continue to be worried about what
the United States will think and what
the United States will do given the very
careless I think foreign policy so far
from from Trump they they are only
likely to lose so they've already tried
it's been a year if I were to you know
say six months ago who would have said
yes maybe there's a whole bit can be
resolved they can reconcile but for this
kind of blockade to continue for a whole
year and no signs of it coming to an end
is really very bad business and this has
to take us of the idea of what's next
for a tie in particular and for the
region with the the the Arab League
should have played a role it didn't the
GCC should have stepped in it didn't
abdul-aziz do the Qataris trust the
regional institutions you know I
actually Katara I agree with with what
Sultan here
Qatar has already factors to the crisis
management mood now is thinking of the
future now they know the capacity of the
Arab League they know the capacity of
the Islamic League they know the
capacity of the Gulf Cooperation and the
limitations of all this organization
Qatar is now redefining redefining its
alliances redefining its geography it's
really redefining its geopolitics is
redefining everything even economic the
the its economy a future so it's really
an exercise a comprehensive exercise of
redefining everything around at
sovereignty and independence ii abdullah
ii less than a minute plays the
political order that has prevailed in
the GCC countries before the crisis is
it still viable can it still prevail in
the future it's very the GCC now is a
life support system but one thing for
sure I think the the lack of do we need
confidence-building measures one thing
for sure is that things are not gonna go
back to the way they were before June
5th even I expect in few years from now
as I stated in my just published book on
the GCC crisis root causes and the
future of GCC Alliance we could see
different players regional and
international players playing a major
role
when the United States abdicate this
region and not played its role as a
leader of the free world as they claim
then we're going to expect to see a
different landscape in the next couple
of years or even maybe few a few years
from now major players are gonna come to
this style to this region and we're
gonna see a different landscape and the
GCC and the Gulf as all holidays are the
little house hotel market it's always
good to talk to you thank you thank you
for having you on the program and thank
you too for watching you can see the
program again any time by visiting our
website aljazeera.com for further
discussion go to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
inside so you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
AJ inside story for me hashem battle but
on the whole ting here bye for now
you
