across the globe there's a war raging a
slaughtering of wildlife like never
before
the enemy criminal syndicates who order
the killings that will this and
all-too-familiar seen across Africa
elephants killed tusks hacked off and
spirited away to be turned into trinkets
and pseudo medicine for the Asian market
thousands of miles away from the killing
fields in London such atrocities of
focusing mines 1,000 delegates from 82
Nations determined to step up the battle
the solution is three ways we've gotta
stop that killing which is gotta be
happily on our continent we are going to
stop that trafficking which the
responsible of Africa but the demand
side is on international markets so this
conference is so important when that
demand stops perhaps the keyring will
reduce of course it's not just elephants
take the wild tiger there's been a 95
percent decline in numbers in the past
100 years today there are fewer than
4,000 left in the wild
a thousand rhinos are slaughtered every
year
1.3 million birds are taken from the
wild in Southeast Asia alone annually
then there's a shark fin trade the pet
trade baby chimpanzees and orangutangs
being sold taken from their mothers who
are often killed in the process
the list goes on and on and now many say
the trade needs to be treated in the
same way as major organized crime like
the drugs trade and human trafficking
wildlife crime is organized crime
organized crime undermines the rule of
law it undermines governance we see a
situation where governments are deprived
of revenue from economic activity that
they're legitimately entitled to because
it all goes under the counter we see
enforcement officers including Rangers
being killed in the course of their duty
communities are being threatened
since 1970 there's been a breathtaking
58 percent decline in wildlife numbers
around the world if the killings
continue at this rate
experts say all future generations will
see of a once rich global biodiversity
will be behind bars in a zoo
Nick lark al-jazeera London
