he was the man behind Jordans recent
proposed tax hike and austerity measures
that led to six days of protests now
Prime Minister Hani al Mookie is out
over the past week nightly rallies the
largest in five years have intensified
protesters marched by his residence on
Sunday chanting we are coming Oklahoma
the government must step down the tax
law must be withdrawn these are our
demands and we don't want the next
government to implement the same
policies either Jordanians are furious
at his plan raising employees taxes by
as much as 5% would squeeze them
financially to the brink the cap lemon
is right as the Arab world's most
expensive city there's high unemployment
and prices of basic goods are rocketing
Jordans a dependent economy has been
struggling with the large influx of
Syrian refugees arriving in recent years
added to this previous financial
supporters like the UAE US and Saudi
Arabia have dramatically cut their
donations the Hashemite kingdom is 37
billion dollars in debt that's
equivalent for ninety five percent of
his gross domestic product the
government secured more than 700 million
in credit from the International
Monetary Fund three years ago the loan
was intended to help growth and lower
public debt the IMF also imposed tough
fiscal conditions including hikes and
general sales tax and ending bread
subsidies a staple of the poor but
opponents warned these measures hurt
poor and middle class families analysts
say there is a general lack of trust now
people are looking for a paradigm shift
they're not looking for changing the
faces like you know second one prime
minister and getting another one they're
looking for a change in their policies
the policies have been detrimental to
the daily lives of the people and in
Jordan and they're looking for changes
in these in these policies King Abdullah
has named Omar al RZA's a former World
Bank economist and the previous
Education Minister to take over as Prime
Minister but it's not clear if these
changes will be enough to calm the
unrest Hannah hawkster al Jazeera
