it is taken seven years to reach this
moment finally with a stroke of a pen
the people of tewara are being allowed
home they've signed a reconciliation
deal with their former enemies in nearby
Misrata but in 2011 tewara was a war
zone and it is still unsafe for sure the
return will take place alongside
measures to guarantee a safe return and
above all ridding to work a town of
mines while searching for the bodies of
those who went missing in action the
Charter is an initiative by the people
for the people away from the central
government in Tripoli it is not perfect
but for the people of Tunisia it's a
start
the controversial article of the Charter
can be dealt with but let's first of all
send those who live in tents to their
houses then later we can compromise on
this controversial article during the
last six years local mediators alongside
the United Nations support omission in
Libya have tried to end hostility
between Misrata and tewara but yet the
people of Florida remained in diaspora
and they say the government's broken
promises have left them stranded halfway
to their hometown about 35,000 - organs
have been living in camps across Libya
the enemies in Misrata say they begged
former leader Muammar Gaddafi and killed
people who supported the 2011 uprising
against him last December the Tripoli
based the government of national Accord
agreed to compensate victims on both
sides the people of Tunisia were to
start returning home in February but
they were stopped by armored groups from
Misrata since then they've been stuck in
the desert 25 miles from their
destination the new reconciliation deal
is designed to get them back on the move
and back to their homes
whatever estate those homes are now in
Mohammad Abdu I hate al jazeera Misrata
