the nation of Qatar unfortunately has
historically been a funder of terrorism
it was a shock in Washington and across
the globe a u.s. president publicly
going after Qatar a close Adelaide
that houses the biggest US base in the
Middle East siding with the blockading
countries at the time many believe the
Saudis fawning treatment of him in
Riyadh played a part but we now know
thanks to emails leaked to the
Associated Press that the push to get
the President to side with Saudi Arabia
and the United Arab Emirates began
months before the emails are from
Elliott Brody a big-time Republican
fundraiser according to the AP he was
working with Jorge nadir who said he was
close to both of the crown princes from
Saudi Arabia and the UAE Brody
reportedly lobbied the President and
later received hundreds of millions of
dollars worth of defense deals from the
UAE in one email birdie boasted about
his role writing Trump's vocal support
of Saudi Arabia at this summit quote is
a direct result of the campaign we have
led over the past two months to
highlight the funding of terrorism by
Qatar and the Muslim Brotherhood broidy
is suing Qatar he says they hacked his
emails a charge they deny but cutters
facing more scrutiny because of another
court case prominent Qataris are being
sued by rapper Ice Cube he says they
didn't pay him as promised in a business
deal and his partner testified that they
tried to use them to get to Steve Fannin
in testimony describing their offer as a
bribe which they also deny all sides
have spent millions of dollars on
lobbyists trying to sway the Trump
administration one country in the Gulf
region is a threat to global security
putting ads in the president's favorite
cable channel placing op-eds and
prominent papers lobbying lawmakers we
stand with the United States to defeat
terrorism in all forms there are a lot
of guys who are making an awful lot of
money in this town former lobbyist
Stephen billet thinks they are likely
wasting millions of dollars because it
you never really seen any evidence of it
later on you know you don't see
decisions made at a later time that
indicate that there was a positive
outcome according to the New York Times
the Saudis and UAE
offered to help the Trump campaign
before the election it's unclear if
anything was done on his behalf with
their money but it's an allegation
Special Counsel Robert Muller is likely
looking at the man at the center of many
of these questions Jorge Nader is
cooperating with the investigation
pedicle hain al Jazeera Washington
