it's been 11 months since iraqi prime
minister haider al-abadi declared
victory over isil in mosul much of what
was iraq s-- second biggest city lies in
ruins the fighting was described as the
most intense urban combat since world
war ii the search for bodies goes on
civil defense search and rescue teams
are concentrating on areas close to the
banks of the river Tigris it was here
that the Iraqi government forces
supported by international coalition
airstrikes flushed out and killed most
of the last remaining ISIL fighters in
the city that was the isil bodies that
we recovered are around seven hundred
these bodies were all of ISIL that used
to hide in these houses our obstacles in
clearing these bodies are the unexploded
munitions hidden bombs explosive vests
and rigged houses with IEDs so we are
trying our best to overcome these
obstacles the remains of ISIL fighters
are being found close to dead civilians
who were unable to escape but estimated
around 10,000 civilians were killed in
Nineveh province in the battle against
ISIL most of them in western Mosul we
have been pulling up bodies for eight
days already from near the river Tagus
bands within this quarter alone we have
found 200 bodies on the first day
hundred on the second day we have
difficulty getting heavy machinery
inside the old city because of the
narrow alleyways more than two million
Iraqis remain displaced across the
country including approximately 700
thousand from Mosul the rebuilding of
the city has yet to start families like
these face many more months if not years
living in camps the delay is primarily
because of questions about who will foot
the bill at a donor's conference in
Kuwait in February Iraq asked its allies
for help with the 88 billion dollar cost
of rebuilding this country including
Mosul but only thirty billion dollars
was pledged
the Iraqi government faces having to
cover the majority of rebuilding costs
itself for now almost a year since the
battle against ISIL in Mosul was won the
search for and recovery of the dead
continues chants trafford al jazeera
Baghdad
