but first Turkey's currency the lira
strengthened this week after a major
sell-off which saw it hit an all-time
low versus the dollar it's still down
around 15 percent so far this year for
ordinary Turks and President Recep
Tayyip Erdogan it's a big source of
worry he's been battling to stop the
currency crisis ahead of elections next
month in the past week there's been a
steep interest rate hike the central
bank governor has also tried to reassure
foreign investors that capital controls
which would block money leaving the
country won't be needed although in the
short term this strategy seems to have
worked challenges remain on Wednesday
credit ratings agency Moody's cut
turkeys economic growth forecasts well
joining us now from London is Charles
Robertson global chief economists with
Renaissance capital thanks very much for
being with us so what's going on with
Turkey's economy particularly these big
swings in the currency it's taken a
while but there's been a massive buildup
of debt private sector debt in Turkey
over the last 10-15 years and we've been
concerned for the last two to three
years that at some point in the
medium-term like now you're gonna see
lending stop growth stop and then people
flee Turkish assets because people have
been buying into Turkey on the
assumption it would grow 5% forever and
and the risk is it's it's going to slump
into a recession and why is that because
they've it's that borrowing of too much
it's not particularly the the size of
the borrowing now private sector debts
about 70 percent of GDP China's double
that it's the scale of the increase over
ten years usually coincides with excess
borrowing bad borrowing decisions
perhaps into real estate or or something
similar and and that tips over we saw it
a lot in the global financial crisis a
lot of Eastern Europe had that problem
some extent the u.s. had that problem
with the global financial crisis
questions being raised as well though
about president retic typer two-hands
leadership here and his stewardship of
the economy there were the comments that
he made earlier describing hi
interest rates as the mother of all evil
and that was that that kind of took a
few people by surprise didn't it any
raise questions about how independent
that the central bankers are in in
Turkey the difficulty here is that
everyone was the markets darling for a
good decade or so and there was always
local concern particularly mine the kind
of middle-class Istanbul electorate that
he was encroaching his power was getting
too great he's now been in power for so
long that there is very little
constraint upon him and he's appointed
numerous central bank governors now he's
in charge of the army he's done a lot of
changes to the judiciary but it's the
central bank which i think is concerned
people the most because turkey relies on
foreign capital to fund its current
account deficit it always runs a big
trade deficit so it needs foreign
capital so to say we don't want to pay
the interest rates required to attract
that capital has frightened the markets
and one of our concerns over the last
few weeks is if you go back to Malaysia
in 1998 in the Asian crisis Malaysia
said you know what we're not going to
take foreign capital we're going to
introduce capital controls we're going
to not allow foreign portfolio investors
to leave and and that did let them cut
interest rates and it did help
Malaysia's economy recover
perhaps quicker than other Asian
countries that have gone to the IMF and
done Orthodox things like the interest
rate hike which eventually Turkey did
choose to do a few days ago
yeah and staying on this the the issue
of the interest rates the the lira did
rally further this week after the
central bank announced this streamlining
of interest rate tools to focus on
having one one single main rate has that
done anything to reassure investors it's
done it has helped yeah so up so the 300
basis point rate hike has helped I'm
having interest rates up at around 16
percent has helped but also for a number
of years now the central bank has been
trying to raise rates but not tell the
electorate in Turkey that they're
raising rates
try and keep the president happy and
this repo rate which was sitting at
around 8% and has now been raised to 16
and a half or so that that's is a sign
that finally orthodoxy seems to have won
and in the longer run that will work
it worked for Russia when they did
similar things a few years ago Russian
interest rates are much lower now than
turkey Russian inflation much lower now
than turkey so orthodoxy does win in the
end
and it looks like our Islands has given
up he's backed away the central bank's
being allowed to do what Orthodox people
would suggest and what the market wanted
to see what does that mean for Turks
though when they're when they're getting
paid continue to get paid in in in lira
and their currency is seemingly losing
value on the international markets it's
I mean it's tough I mean it's
interesting that a couple of years ago
Oh Joanne suggested the Turks should
save in in lira or gold and gold has
actually been a relatively good store of
value for Turkish people real estate
quite a good way to try and protect your
savings but but the lira itself hasn't
been great so you're going to see
inflation rise that's going to hurt
people usually hurts the poorest we
think we're going to see growth slow to
at best two to three percent this year
and the populations growing one to two
so per capita that's really not much of
again these are these are tough times
for Turks now good to speak with you
Charles Robertson joining us there in
London thanks very much nice to talk to
you
