US President Donald Trump visited Saudi
Arabia in May 2017 as part of his first
foreign trip as president
soon after the Gulf was locked in a
crisis Saudi Arabia the UAE Bahrain and
Egypt imposed a blockade against Qatar
in June 2017 restricting all access
through air sea and land the group
accused Doha of supporting terrorism the
charge guitar denies repeatedly rocket
vomited on a lady Ferelden hasar ljr a
locket all beautiful fish Dalia ladawna
uber of dr. enemy Denis Hubble either
what they were was a lot or are they
really more famous CRC is ethyl ester la
Fidele attended Giada a laser ha dejado
tidy fatal at hub the crisis deepened
amid mixed messages from Washington
former Secretary of State Rex Tillerson
visited Qatar several times to try and
end the crisis imploring the blockading
countries to change course we call on
the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia the United
Arab Emirates Bahrain and Egypt to ease
the blockade against Qatar Tillerson
also emphasized the impact the move was
having on u.s. plans in the Middle East
katar hosts American British and French
forces at the alidade airbase a facility
that has proven to be crucial in the
fight against ISIL its location as
strategic and vital for missions in the
Middle East and Asia the blockade is
hindering US military actions in the
region and the campaign against Isis but
right after Tillerson said Aldous frump
declared himself wholeheartedly behind
the move taking sides with qatar's
neighbors we have to stop the funding of
terrorism I decided the time had come to
call on Qatar to end its funding they
have to end that from
but by the end of the year Trump's
opinion took a full 180 degree turn in
January of 2018
the US president flagged Qatar for
combating terrorism Sheikh Tamim even
met with President Trump in Washington
in April restating that Qatar does not
tolerate any kind of terrorism and
president Trump stood with guitar making
sure that terrorism funding is stopped
in the countries that we are really
related to because I feel related but
those countries are stopping the funding
of terrorism that includes UAE and
includes Saudi Arabia it includes guitar
and others while this is president
Trump's current take on the GCC crisis
the blockade imposed on Qatari continues
contrary to expectations it seems as
though US Secretary of State Mike
compares view of the crisis is the same
as that of his predecessor Rex Tillerson
with the constant change in rhetoric
there's no way to be certain of what
comes next
