a significant moment in Kenya six years
after oil was discovered here president
Kenyatta symbolically started the
pumping of crude oil into one of the
trucks transporting 2,000 barrels to the
coast about a thousand kilometers away
it will take roughly 10 days to get
there and months before all 70,000
barrels in storage arrive for exports
it's the beginning of a pilot program to
see how the international market reacts
before full production is expected to
start in a few years it's estimated
about 750 million barrels of oil lie
beneath this dry region home to some of
the poorest and most marginalized people
in the country tracking the oil from
here will not be easy or cheap one of
the big problems is dealing with the bad
roads from years of neglect construction
is now quickly going on to make sure
that this trucks get to the destination
safely and on time but it's going to
take at least two years to properly fix
the bad stretch a chuckle oh my Anna
knows little about the statistics or
logistics as the harder' helps one of
his goats give birth he only hopes that
his village will benefit from the oil
boom the local community has been
allocated five percent of the oil
revenue while the national and county
governments share the rest yeah I am NOT
happy about the five percent I was
hoping for ten percent but because it
has been decided we have to manage our
expectation and hope the profit really
gets to us
on the other side of this riverbed
fifteen-year-old Cecilia Maria fetches
drinking water for her family and
animals she's walked for 30 minutes to
get here I would want the oil money to
help pipe water to our village I would
like my school fees to be paid and more
classrooms built so many hopes into kana
are pinned on this oil
expectations are high that prosperity
will come quickly but just how well the
oil will sell abroad and how fast the
benefits will trickle down to the
villages will be the real guests
Catherine soy al-jazeera to Cannon north
in Kenya
