the biggest anti-government protests in
Jordan in years tax rises the cost of
living in austerity measures are stoking
demands for the prime minister to resign
what role are regional powers playing in
the crisis this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
fully battable hundreds of Jordanians
have spent the past few days voicing
their anger at proposed tax increases
and what they say is the already
intolerable high cost of living they
accused the government of covering up
failed economic policies and demand the
resignation of Prime Minister Hani
al-maliki Jordan's economy has struggled
in recent years because of the conflicts
in neighboring Syria and Iraq and a
shortfall in foreign aid
so can a compromise be reached to avert
a full-blown crisis or put that question
to I guess in just a moment but first
Hannah hawkster has our reports they're
the largest anti-government rallies in
five years in what's regard as one of
the most stable Middle East countries
the protest movement initially started
by trade unions has swelled nationwide
as Jordanians show their frustration
I marvel at how well Apple whoa no the
citizens now have no power they're
searching for their children's daily
food women are looking in garbage
containers to feed their kids and
everyday we are surprised by rising
prices new taxes the problem is is not
just the tax law the Jordanian citizen
right now his pockets are empty are
completely empty so the government has
to listen to the sound of the people
Jordan is one of the most expensive
countries in the region and on the top
of the words - with no resources that's
unjust to the people of Jordan the
increase in sales tax and employees
being taxed more has infuriated the
protesters and they want the government
to resign
King Abdullah has stood by Prime
Minister Hani Mulkey despite calls to
fire him the King's been instead calling
for talks between MPs and government
ministers but Mookie is under
international pressure to reform
Jordan's economy and cut its 37 billion
dollar debt that is equivalent to 95
percent of GDP the International
Monetary Fund approved a 700 million
loan to Jordan two years ago to lower
public debt and increased growth
Jordan relies heavily on financial help
from the US UAE and until recently Saudi
Arabia which has cut funding King
Abdullah is a key US ally in the
strategically important region which
borders Syria Israel and Iraq regional
turmoil has worsened the kingdom's money
problems and its sheltering 1.4 million
Syrian refugees Nats according to the
Hashemite government and those refugees
look no closer to returning home it also
has a large population of refugees from
the war in Iraq plus 2 million
Palestinian refugees have settled in the
kingdom the king recently reversed plans
to raise petrol prices following
protests and these latest protests
against austerity measures are a further
demand for change
hannah hawkster al-jazeera
well let's bring in our guests joining
us from Amman is a Lamas and Oni an
independent journalist focusing on
Middle Eastern and Palestinian affairs
in Beirut we have Rami Khouri senior
fellow and professor at the American
University of Beirut and here in Doha
Ibrahim freiheit associate professor in
conflict resolution at the Doha
Institute for Graduate Studies thank you
all welcome to inside story lemme see if
I can start with you in Amman are the
protests over austerity measures in
Jordan have been going on for some time
now until now they've been fairly small
in scale and hadn't spread so why has
the discontent in your opinion finally
boiled over well it's a accumulated
feeling of anger and frustration among
all stratas of all classes in Jordan
that that not the consecutive
governments have been dealing with the
Jordanian citizens with total disregard
no accountability no sense of good
governance or no sense of the concept of
social justice so the income tax the
float income tax was just a trigger that
just brought everything to the surface
and United many people including people
who are have been staunch loyalists and
have been critical of the Opposition in
the past they brought them out on the
streets especially among young people
every time I go I seen you and I say I
meet new people who've never thought
we'd go on the streets to them to
protest against the Jordanian government
and they're sending not only they're
sending the palace a message that enough
is enough
so what then lemaise has been the
government's response to the protests
and more specifically what has the
king's response King Abdullah's response
been to the discontent is he fully aware
of just how angry Jordanians are right
now frankly Akana I don't know and I'm
not sure because there there are no
there's nothing to suggest that he is
aware he made a statement during a
meeting of the higher council political
Council of political political
policies council saying that people
shouldn't be left alone to birth the
responsibility and the burden of the
debt and the crisis but in effect all
measures including price hikes sales
taxes horrendous sales taxes and the
flawed
income tax I have no sense if he has a
sense of the depth of the anger because
I don't think so because otherwise there
would have been a revision an
announcement that he's ready to revise
all policies to assist all policies
while as for the Prime Minister every
time he speaks he provokes more people
into joining the protest the king has to
understand that unless there is a
fundamental revision of the policies
they'll be not quite in done ok Rami
Khouri in Beirut you thoughts what what
do you see as the root cause of this
crisis in Jordan and is the conflict in
Syria only to blame for the economic
problems in the situation that Jordan
has been faced with in recent years I
lived in Jordan for about 30 years and
from the 70s till the early 2000s and
experienced several of these waves of
demonstrations and I was there just a
few days ago for four days and talked to
many people in the government and
outside the government so my impression
is that this is a structural chronic
problem in Jordan because the the fact
is that the central government has been
unable to make any tangible lasting
progress on the central vulnerability of
the country which is a growing
population it was 2 million when I was
there in the 70s it's now about 9
million with the refugees a massive
expansion in population and the
government can't possibly keep up either
with the economic growth rate to provide
jobs or with the expenditures to provide
essential services including housing
security education etc so this is a
problem that Jordan has grappled with
unsuccessfully for the about the last 40
years there are political reasons for
this there are regional tensions wars
all across the region
and shifting global alliances and so
it's a combination of all of these
things and it happens over and over
again and it's probably going to have
the same result this time with the King
stepping in changing some of the
provisions continuing with some of the
austerity measures and then we'll do it
again in seven years okay and I would
like to talk a bit more about the
regional influence and the shifting
geopolitics in the region and the impact
it has on Jordan in just a few minutes
but I want to bring in Ibrahim here in
Doha first Ibrahim your thoughts on
these protests as we've said it's not
the first son that we've seen
anti-austerity demonstrations in Jordan
do you feel that it's different this
time around that is more serious this
time around well I agree with Rami it's
a structural problem actually the
Jordanian economy is foreign aid
dependent now there is the Jordanian
that the debt is about thirty five
billion dollars which is about ninety
percent of the GDP ninety percent of the
Jordanian GDP so it's definitely a
structural problem that this debt has
accumulated all this long without being
the government has been able to deliver
you know to respond to these challenges
in addition it's not only about this but
also there is a widespread corruption or
at least perceived corruption among the
people because most of you look at the
slogans raised in this protest
most of them talking about corruption as
one reason and in addition of course
there is the elephant in the room is the
political factor which is the regional
pressure that's receipt Jordan is
receiving from from the region because
of its position on Jerusalem and
American deal and all that I think we
will discuss it but that's that's
definitely in my view this could this is
probably unprecedented in the past six
or seven years actually there were a lot
of protests in the past during the Arab
Spring but I don't think that we have
seen this level of protests of protests
taking place especially in my view the
main reason actually that this tax
increase has hit the middle class in
Jordan and
as a result of that we are seeing people
protesting and participating this
protest we're seeing communists Islamist
Baathists you name it from all types of
political affiliations are joining all
in this protest and responding to that
and rejecting the government increase
and demanding the government to resign
Lam is just talking about this
widespread anger as Ibrahim says there
it really is everyone that seems upset
over these issues in Jordan there's
already been a general sales tax hike
this year a subsidy on bread has been
scrapped there's been an increase in
fuel and electricity prices I'm just
curious to know how Jordanians are
getting on on a daily basis and you know
what will it take for this anger anger
to subside what do people want from the
government immediately the living
conditions are deteriorating and the
middle class this town was hit hard but
if you go outside a man and in some
poverty pockets in a man you'd find that
people are really getting desperate or
if visited villages are certain man of
north and south and I was insult it's a
city near a man that has been witnessing
for the last 200 days nightly protests
every night there's people feel that if
things continue like that they will not
be able to make things meet and they
don't feel that there was a serious
effort on the part of the government to
find alternative solutions to cover the
deficits the easiest solution is to levy
taxes and Televi taxes without at the
time when those rising in employment and
their high prices high prices the thing
is unlike the other times in the that
the other my other friends are talking
about this time around is not enough to
sack the Prime Minister people are
really placing the blame at the door of
the palace I've been to the protests and
the sentiment there is so strong in
including of people who usually
support the state that feeling that is
not that the the government's the
consecutive conference are no long are
no more than puppets for the palace so
this is why dangers were placing the
blame at the door of the king that and
and that there's also a feeling in
Jordan yes there are regional pressures
but how can the King face the region
play pressure pressures if he aloo if he
loses his constituency this is the main
question you don't lose you don't face
pressures from America
or from other party by alienating your
people let's let consistency okay Lamas
let's talk about these regional
pressures and why what happens in Jordan
matters its geographical position and
regional role have shaped foreign policy
and been crucial to internal stability
King Abdullah's Hashemite dynasty is the
custodian of sacred sites in Jerusalem
he's angered the u.s. by criticizing
Donald Trump's decision to recognize
Jerusalem as Israel's capital America
spends nearly a 1.3 billion dollars in
Jordan every yet that's money it sends
every year to Jordan air bases in the
kingdom are launching paths for US
military operations the Jordanian
government partially supported the Saudi
Arabia led blockade on cata by
downgrading ties but the Jordanian
embassy wasn't closed a five-year aid
package worth around three point six
billion dollars from GCC states ended
eighteen months ago so Rami Khouri to
what extent is what's happening
regionally and you know the shifting
geopolitics of this region affecting and
impacting what we're seeing in Jordan
right now this current crisis it's
affecting it very much in fact it's one
of the several new developments that
make this set of demonstrations and this
wave of popular protest more significant
and more dangerous than all the previous
ones the first thing is that
historically meaning from say the
fifties on whenever you had anger inside
Jordan economic stress they
the government the king King Hussein in
the past and King Abdullah more recently
always could find some counterbalancing
power to come in and give him a couple
hundred million dollars five hundred
million dollars the investments and
patch up the the deficit they can't do
that anymore because all of the critical
elements around them that supported them
the EU the Americans the Saudis the
Gulf's and the Japanese others they've
pretty much either maximized what they
can give or they've gotten tired or they
don't have good relations with Jordan as
close as as they used to the second
thing is the outlet you had for hundreds
of thousands of Jordanian workers to go
work in the Gulf and other places to
compensate for the lack of jobs at home
that doesn't exist anymore and third
thing is the political position taken by
the Saudi and Emirati and other leaders
trying to create a new Arab leadership
that is close to the Israelis that close
to Trump pressuring Qatar wanting to
remake the Arab world in this image the
Iranians don't go along with this the
government and the people don't
particularly want to be part of this new
process so there's no mechanism anymore
today for Jordan to find relief in
regional or global partners as it used
to in the past and that's why they felt
they had no option other than to go to
the IMF if I could just add to that one
other point which is at the popular
level what's happening in Jordan now is
exactly what happened in the Arab
uprisings in this psyche of ordinary
people I don't mean the results will be
the same but people the reason people
are so angry is because they perceive
now that there is no safe safe you're
coming there's no soccer coming there's
no relief coming to help them and they a
lot of people see themselves in
perpetual poverty of vulnerability and
marginalization for generations to come
that wasn't the case in the past but
they're starting to be hundreds of
thousands of Jordanians who feel this
and that's what we're seeing
Abraham Frey had your thoughts on these
external forces and powers and their
role in the current crisis in Jordan
some analysts have said Jordan stands
over Jerusalem has been a source of
tensions with Saudi Arabia which as we
have seen recently seen creasing vetoing
design is a direct connection to be made
between the kingdom stands on Jerusalem
and its current economic woes well
unless February King Abdullah was
meeting with students from the
University of Jordan and he spoke
clearly about this he said that we are
under tremendous pressure economic
pressure as a result of our position on
Jerusalem and he went I had to say that
Jerusalem will always be a red line for
us
so definitely Jordan has not subscribed
to the this forming alliance and in the
region on the issue of Jerusalem and
confronting Iran and all of that and
what's called the ultimate deal that
this American South the Israeli alliance
King Abdullah has refused to be a part
of this King Abdullah was someone to
Riyadh just before the OIC the
Organization of Islamic Cooperation
summit in Istanbul in Riyadh was someone
that we had and was asked not to go to
this summit and he went actually from
Riyadh straight to Istanbul in an open
defiance to the regional pressure on the
issue of Jerusalem and he maintained his
position that Jerusalem we're not
compromising on Jerusalem we will always
maintain our position on that so I think
Jordan which traditionally by the way
was always part of this Arab moderate
alliance the provost fro America
Alliance but we started to see these
differences appear on the Jordan
position especially on Jerusalem and the
ultimate deal position right we have
seen actually the Saudi and Emirati
investment in Jerusalem decreased the
last three years actually the Saudis
subsidy of one hundred million hundred
eighty million dollars were not paid for
Jordan and there is also what's called
the oily grant from Saudi Arabia that
also Jordan used to receive in the past
has not been received either so the
Jordan not subscribing to this ultimate
deal Alliance to reshape the politics of
the region and compromise injurers
has definitely cost Jordan you know this
issue and that's why I call it it's the
Jerusalem tax that Jordan is paying for
the moment okay before I bring back
Lamas into the conversation and ask you
Lamas about you know how the king should
be handling this external pressure and
also the internal pressure I want to
just bring back Rami quickly from Beirut
on particularly this you know if the
various reports are to be believed Rami
it would seem that Jordan's role as an
interlocutor between you know the Gulf
states and Israel has diminished because
some of these gold states ie Saudi
Arabia are now directly dealing with the
Israelis even if it's a you know
discreetly they are directly dealing
with them do you think Jordan still has
a strategic value then for this region
is for instance Jordan's role as a
custodian of the holy sites in Jerusalem
at risk now because of what's happening
in this region the role of Jordan as
custodian of the holy sites is important
for Jordan and for some Palestinians and
others but it's not a major regional
strategic element the people in the Gulf
and other places don't really focus on
that at all historically and when I say
historically I don't mean just in the
last 50 years I mean since the early
Bronze Age since 3000 BC Jordan has
always survived by finding its place
among the big regional powers many of
whom are aggressive whether it was
Babylon and byzant Byzantium or Trump
and Israel today whoever it is they've
always been able to find their niche and
try to be friends with everybody and and
be a safe haven and as in a border zone
that's important for trade among other
things that role is increasingly under
jeopardy today because people don't
particularly need the buffer that Jordan
provides because all of the big
countries in the region Iran Syria
Turkey Israel Iraq Saudi Arabia they all
feel they can take care of themselves so
there is a strategic change happening in
Jordans regional role and its ability to
to parlay its own stretched edge
strategic geography into political
relationships and this is where the king
in Jordan is really
Challenge now to reconsider how best
Jordan can protect itself and the main
answer to that is to have the strategic
allegiance of his own people and the
support of his own people I think he
understands that in his bones his father
certainly did but trying to do that
while at the same time having enough
money to pay your bureaucrats and your
soldiers and your school teachers that's
the great challenge that Abdullah faces
in Jordan today okay let me give Lamas
the last word so Lamas how does King
Abdullah deal with this dual challenge
the external pressure of regional powers
and the internal pressure how does he
deal with the crisis actually yeah first
of all people are not totally buying the
Jerusalem tax people are aware of the
pressure I can't speak on behalf of many
but I do go to the protis and are aware
of the tremendous pressure on Jordan but
the crisis has not just started now the
economic crisis has started in 2011 and
there were many many chances for the
government to prove that its accountable
to find alternatives to present to the
IMF an alternative plan in order to
increase production and khrysta a
productive just the the risk there the
revenues and it didn't start with the
Saudis and and the image shown in Jordan
and people are aware of that and we
resent that the third thing is that we
all forget the children has been
accelerating its normalization with
Israel if you go to the north to the the
areas of the villages where they are
convicted they are forcing people to to
soil and to the government to sell land
to the government to build a
controversial and unacceptable oil
pipeline between Israel and Jordan which
is really stolen Palestinian oil beauty
that people are broken there the
villagers and the farmers are very upset
they feel that the government and the
palace have failed them just not just
started now there they they feel that
the the
they are readiness to walk to Israel to
vote to America but not to to listen to
the people all of these statements
coming from the government total
disregard people are ready to listen if
there is respect but there's no respect
at all to people on the streets okay
thank you very much Lamas a very
interesting discussion with all of you
and we'll keep a close eye on the
situation in Jordan in the coming days
here on al-jazeera
Lamas and Oni Rami Khouri an Ibrahim
free at joining us on inside story today
thank you too for watching you can
always watch this program again any time
by visiting our website at aljazeera.com
for further discussion go to our
Facebook page that's facebook.com/ for
/aj inside story you can all source also
join the conversation on twitter our
handle is at aj inside story from me
fully bhakti bow and the whole team
thank you for watching bye for now
you
