a bride arrives for her wedding at a
church in central Rome a ceremony
marking the beginning of her new life
ahead as part of a married couple
elsewhere in the city there is another
partnership being celebrated a political
one brought about by a coalition between
Italy's anti-establishment parties
headed by the five star movement
commemorating their place at the head of
a new government we're not totally
different in anything obviously they're
our partner in common but for those
parts that are not in common we are
created disagreement and every they both
of us know that if one is doing the
opposite the other one can make the
government fall the irony is not lost on
the party faithful it is in one sense a
marriage of convenience between two
anti-establishment rivals that want to
revolutionize the political landscape
especially where the EU is concerned
even if it means compromise there are
high hopes but for some the decision by
five star to enter into a coalition with
the far-right is being seen as a
betrayal of the cause there's little
common ground between the two the
question is whether they can stick it
out for better or worse and even the
promise of a new beginning
has left some who have supported five
star unconvinced you see by yourself you
cannot mix a cup with a dog and expect
that everything was fine I hope it goes
fine of course I all but is it possible
we'll see we're gonna see and for
supporters of the leg a party they know
that hard work lies ahead finding common
ground but they think that it can be
done unless we do you see what for I'm
sorry it's a challenge which can be
overcome
I trust the leader of our party and if
he says that there are competent people
in the ministries then I believe him
back at the church the bride and groom
make their vows for richer for poorer
but as in love and in politics there are
no guarantees as to what lies ahead
sonica a go al Jazeera Rome
