is now being brought towards the mosque
here communists there is a huge mixture
of emotion here we've seen some of her
colleagues crying quietly to themselves
but here as the body comes in we're
hearing shouts of anger and defiance
there has been a huge reaction publicly
across Gaza to the death of this young
woman she was shot on the Friday
protests as she went to the aid of
somebody himself had been shot near the
border fence and she died of her
injuries the Palestinian Medical
Association is saying that she was shot
through the chest and she died of her
injuries we spoke a short while ago to a
colleague who was right next when that
fatal bullet struck her raising our
hands and wearing our uniforms we were
about 20 meters from the fence and they
could see us easily so we thought they
wouldn't shoot at us as we arrived they
shot two bullets one had resigned in a
chest and the second went through my
other colleague and then had me in the
lake
the two bullets they hit three of us
killing Rahsaan emotions are running
very high here at the cemetery where
Rosanna has been brought to be buried
and we've been seeing people trying to
stop others from walking on top of
graves we've seen her father come in his
face entirely I wash in tears when we
spoke too much mud her colleague earlier
on he said that she was a young woman of
sweet nature someone who never tired of
risking her own life to help others the
israeli army says it is investigating
the reports of her death but as far as
people here are concerned they are
outraged that someone who was
volunteering as a medic trying to help
other others who been injured by his
railey sniper fire herself fell victim
to it
