the first populist government in Western
Europe can it solve its these problems
the coalition of the far-right and anti
establishment parties ends months of
political uncertainty but is it a threat
to the European Union this is inside
story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
fully battable a very unusual coalition
government has come to power in Italy
leaders of the anti-establishment 5 star
movement and the right-wing
anti-immigration League party have been
sworn into office ending three months of
political deadlock they want to revive
its least sluggish economy by rejecting
austerity and increasing spending
proposals which have worried the
European Union because of Italy's large
debt so what will this government led by
law professor Giuseppe Conti mean for
Italy and the rest of Europe we'll put
that question to our guests in just a
moment but first nineteen baba has our
report from role handing over to the new
prime minister paolo gentiloni makes way
for law professor giuseppe Conte marking
the first time Italy's so-called
populist have been in government I swear
to be loyal to the Republic to
faithfully respect his Constitution and
its laws and to exercise my role and the
exclusive interest of the Republic the
financial markets here have reacted
positively to the new government with
shares in Italian banks gaining more
than three percent on Friday but this is
unknown territory for Italy and the new
administration is promising big changes
the incoming interior minister Matteo
salvini head of the far-right League
wants to expel hundreds of thousands of
undocumented migrants he's recently
talked about setting up detention
centers across the country while his
equally ambitious rival five-star leader
Luigi DeMaio
hoby Labor and Industry Minister has
promised a basic minimum income then
there's how Italy will interact with the
European Union paolo Cibona a euro
skeptic prevented from being economy
minister just days ago would be in
charge of EU Affairs and Giovanni tria
the replacement economy minister has
criticised Germany and called for
changes in EU fiscal rules to allow more
state investment tria can be a bit more
of a diplomat and they played a good cop
bad cop
roleplay but in any case what we have to
expect from the two men and from this
government is a much more vocal standing
of Italy
I wouldn't say against Europe but in
face of Europe and this is what is
worrying somehow international observers
the new cabinet should easily pass a
vote of confidence expected early next
week but the real test will be whether
this highly unusual coalition can hold
together and push for reforms that many
voters expect and many EU leaders fear
nadine barber al jazeera rome well let's
bring in our guests for today's inside
story joining us from Rome Federigo
argentiere a professor of political
science at the John Cabot University in
Rome from Brussels by Skype is Daniel
gros director of the Center for European
Policy Studies and also in Rome Nathalie
Tochi director of the Italian Institute
of International Affairs and special
adviser to the EU s foreign policy chief
federica mogherini thank you all for
being on the program we appreciate your
time Federico in Rome if I can start
with you so the markets are breathing
easier after the coming to power of this
new coalition government in Italy but is
this government good news for Italy and
is it representative of the Italian
people it's a tricky question the first
question is tricky the second is not it
is certainly representative of the
Italian people because the two parties
of the coalition's have collected an
absolute majority combined have
collected an absolute majority of oil or
votes whether it is good or bad if
you're asking me personally I don't
think it's very good but I'm a voter as
many others and my opinion counts up to
a certain point we will see what they
will be able to do
Natalie you'll force these are very
strange bedfellows can this alliance of
the 5 star movement and the Northern
League last long enough to make a dent
in the political and economic life of
Italy especially when you consider that
virtually no Italian guv
survived for five years can they lasts
together well I think there's a sort of
part of the answer has to do with policy
and part second part of the answer has
to do with politics I think when it
comes to policy the issue in my mind
really is to what extent are these two
parties moving forward going to develop
their stances on what I would define as
a vertical if you like open/closed axis
or rather as the basis of a horizontal
left-right axis now if the latter comes
to play then indeed the tensions between
these two parties are set to grow
because it's very clear that the Liga
lies very squarely on the extreme right
as is clear that the five star movement
is basically split I would put this more
or less on a 6040 basis 60 towards the
left 40 towards the right so if if this
develops horizontally if you like
left-right tensions are inevitably going
to grow if instead they move forward by
articulating their policies rather on
the basis of a vertical open/closed axis
then actually and this is the more
worrying part of the story both are
actually quite comfortable on the closed
camp and what I mean by the closed camp
is anything that goes from trade to
attitudes towards Europe to migration
basically sees them on a national stance
but then of course the other part of the
of the question is is the more political
side and this will probably be
determined to a large extent on the
support basis and the supports of these
two parties moving forward all right
let's get Daniel's views in Brussels
Daniel as natalie said there are a lot
of differences between these two parties
in this coalition government there are
many rivalries even between the two
leading figures of the coalition
government matteo salvini and luigi de
maio who's going to be really in charge
you think well I think these two will be
in charge
and they have a common interest common
interest is to stay in power I do not
think they care so much about what
actually policies they can implement as
long as they can say we are here we are
the clean new expression of the people
the old governments we're of the old
elite which has to be put into the
dustbin and that common desire will
unify them and will make them properly
stick together so in that sense I could
very well see lasting this government
for quite a long time but what kind of a
program Daniel are they going to be
pushing through well that is the big
question everybody asked here in
Brussels will they actually insist on
implementing their his program which
would mean less taxes in what's been
d'etre and we all know that's not
possible question is when will they
acknowledge reality do we have to have a
financial crisis before they actually
have not had reality and I think what
happened over this week has been a
salutary reminder for them that you
cannot just only spend and therefore my
prediction would be that there will be
lots of theatrics lots of clashes with
Brussels but in the end the fiscal
policy will not be that improvement all
right we'll take a further look at the
implications for the European Union in
just a few minutes but I just want to
get Federico's thoughts in Rome on the
domestic challenges ahead for this new
government Federico the new Italian
interior minister Matteo salvini the
head of the league is very tough on
immigration and has talked about
expelling hundreds of thousands of
undocumented migrants he's talked about
setting up detention centers around the
country to house asylum seekers Luigi de
Mayo on the other hand the new labor and
industry minister has talked about
establishing a basic universal income
and cutting taxes now given Italy's huge
debt can they afford to push through
with these policies interesting a
question again I think you should ask
Joanna Turia the new minister of the
economy who is an independent a
so-called technician that is an expert
and doesn't really belong to any of the
two factions he will try to combine
those a very different platforms
together and I have no idea of how he
will be able to do so because as you've
said the income the so called
citizenship income to translate the
Italian version is a very very dangerous
commodity for a country that has such a
big deficit as Italy where will the
resources be extracted from is a good
question and there are serious
expectations for this promise to be
delivered
I think mr. de Mayo knows that he if he
doesn't deliver within at least a year
minimum a year maximum a year sorry he
will run into trouble with his
constituency now with regards to mr.
Cellini
it's very rhetorically very aggressive
but I think he will have to come to
terms with the existing situation and
find out that the previous government
over the past year or so has not handled
the immigration issue badly yes I think
he will grow more realistic there is one
more thing if you allow me that I would
like to add nobody speaks too much about
civil rights and the new minister of the
family mr. Fontana I think if there's
trouble coming it will come from there
because mr. Fontana is notoriously
against the civil rights he would try to
rollback legislation in various domains
family and you know same-sex and so on
and so forth and this will certainly
present troublesome consequences as far
as the reaction of the people is
concerned Natalie do you agree with that
Federico says trouble will come from the
civil rights and the civil rights issues
and I also want to get your thoughts on
you know their plan to reduce Italy's
debt they're talking about what they
call the revival of internal demand
and by not continuing of austerity can
it work to reduce Italy's debt well I
mean let me comment on all three I mean
I think on the civil rights issue I
think this is key I completely agree
with the assessment and I actually think
this is going to be one of the issues
which is going to sort of exacerbate
tensions between these two between these
two movements right when it comes to
debt and economic policy in in general
I'm with Daniel there it's very clear
but you know there's a big wish list
there mind you some of these wishes if
we take for instance the requests not to
include public investments in in in the
calculations for the deficit this has
been an old Italian demand I mean the
point is what you do when the answer to
your demands is no and and here is where
there's the broader question about the
European ISM if the answer is no you
simply accept to remain as part of the
European game or not and this is where
the whole crisis with the the previous
sort of quasi an appointment of Cibona
as economy minister came out to the
extent that there was doubt in the
president of the republic that the
full-back position would have been an
exit then the president rightly so put a
number of markers there to prevent
history from sliding into the abbess so
i agreed the ultimately there's going to
be lots of screaming and shouting but
not much will change right mind you i
think very similar argument can be made
about migration right again you know
devising the dolphin regulation has been
an old italian demands in many respects
for very good reason but the point is
what do you actually do when the answer
coming from the rest of the EU member
states is no alright well and indeed
sorry yeah let's let's look at the the
wider implications now for Europe of
this new Italian government the first
populist government as we've said in
Western Europe propyl ISM is graining
strength in different parts of the
European continent according to the Tony
Blair Institute for Global Change it
analyzed the electoral resource of a
hundred two populist parties in 39
European countries over the last eight
years and the study shows that the
number of populist parties in Europe has
almost doubled since 2003 quarters are
right-wing populists are in power in
seven Eastern European countries Bosnia
Bulgaria the Czech Republic Hungary
Poland Serbia and Slovakia in Western
Europe they're less prominent and part
of a government of only two countries as
a junior coalition partner in Austria
and part of the Swiss Federal Council in
Switzerland in Scandinavia they've worn
increasing shares of the vote in Denmark
and Sweden and they're represented in
the governments of Finland and Norway
populist parties in southern Europe tend
to be more leftist to study singled out
Greece where the syriza party is in
power Daniele I know you've written
extensively about this Europe swap lists
parties and white wingers are cheering
the the new Italian government you know
can the EU survive this rise of populism
well that is the big question I think it
will survive in the end but it will be a
tough ride by the way Italy is a curious
path a example of having both right-wing
and let be populism within one country
which actually is natural given that the
northern part of Italy is quite well-off
industrialized that is more like
northern Europe where's the southern
part of Italy's and conditions which are
not far from those of priests so within
one country you have both left and right
wing populist and they form a government
the Uniting they desire to do something
different to show that they will not
accept EU constraints and the typical
question for them is how long can they
actually do that until reality bumps up
against them and that is I think when
the you will become more popular again
right when people say that the EU might
just be the only solution to what the
problems we are faced with European
continent do you think that eventually
they'll have to fall in line with EU
rules or is
Italy's EU membership really at risk
here as some have said I don't think
that membership is at risk but what is
in the question now is when will people
realize that the constraints which come
from you membership for example in the
economic and financial sphere these
constraints actually help the country to
become more stable that austerity might
sound bad but in the end with the
country that has such a large debt you
don't have much of a choice to do it
anyway and if it's not the you which
imposes it it will be financial markets
and people have to understand that as
long as they don't they were rebelling
against the you once they have
understood that this is trust effect of
life they cannot get away with then
maybe they will see that actually within
the UN Beretta it is easier to deal with
this problem
Federico in Rome you you thoughts some
would say this is a slap in the face of
the EU but is the block itself at risk
with the rise of these populist parties
and now this first a populist government
in Western Europe I am optimistic in the
longer run and we also have the example
of Greece Greece was terribly hit by the
austerity measures dictated by Brussels
inevitably dictated not because Brussels
is a dictator but because Greece has
decided to stay within the you because
every other alternative has been viewed
by the people of Greece as negative so
we have the example of Greece and I
think that based on that example I don't
think any country besides the UK which
however was not in the Euro so it's a
completely different issue I don't think
any other country will will walk out or
even get any closer to walking out but
blood sweat tears are ahead of all of us
in terms of you know austerity measures
and need to fix many many aspects of the
situation so I I don't see the you at
risk but I see it going through a long
phase of adjustment and hopefully not
economic economic the country of growth
now right word is not coming the
economic decrease economic decrease
hopefully not okay hopefully the economy
will grow again sooner or later which
will of course boost up the optimism and
the hopes for a brighter future not only
not a lot of optimism right now I know
you work closely with the European
Union's foreign policy chief if a major
country like Italy
which is one of the founding members in
fact of the EU was to go against EU
rules how big of a problem would that be
for the block I must say that I really
don't think this is going to happen I
think that indeed this is going to be a
rough ride and I completely agree with
with what has been said very actually in
in an odd kind of way given that we are
in an age of nationalist populism the
point is how do we exercise and
eventually defeat the phenomenon and in
this respect I think that the role the
institution's have to baby it both
national and of course European is
absolutely key and in many respects if
one is to see the silver lining of this
particular drama the Italy's going
through at the moment is precisely the
story that the excesses of this
government could have been actually so
far contained in the formation of the
government by the president institutions
still hold this is true at national
level it has proved to be true at
national level the point really is how
will the European level how will the
European institutions rules and
regulations
also contribute to containing these
successes and re traveling if you like
it's to knee towards a different path
and indeed a rough ride it will be but I
am actually fairly confident that there
will not be a break here alright Daniel
are you as confident I mean the EU is no
doubt reeling from the double shock of
brexit and the election of Donald Trump
now it's also having possibly to deal
with a trade war with the United States
with these latest tariffs imposed by the
Trump administration how does the EU you
know ride this wave you know that all
the different challenges that are coming
its way how does the EU defeat as
naturally said how does how do they
defeat populism this new populism
phenomenon you cannot really defeat
populism populism has to defeat itself
by actually going to excesses and then
people have to see that it doesn't lead
anywhere that's the only way really can
be defeated not by Fiat from Brussels
but in a certain way the EU has been
pushed together the remaining you has
been pushed together by Trump to some
extent by brexit and I think the similar
thing is happening in the financial
sphere by Italy all the other countries
in the Union are seeing what happens if
you think that you can announce great
fiscal expansions without having the
money for it
that's why countries like Spain Portugal
Ireland others which have had a crisis
are saying never again and we certainly
don't side with Italians so the Italians
will be rather isolated and they will
feel that actually what they want to do
cannot be done and in the end in this
sense I think the current framework for
the Euro might become stronger than
before but they have to have reforms
within the European Union don't they I
mean if they are to survive these
various challenges that we've mentioned
they have to have reforms do you think
they're ready to have those reforms
that's the negative aspect of what is
going on right now it will it has become
in
to have actually a meaningful reform of
the euro area of fiscal policy because
with a loud country like Italy having a
government in which half parties which
have thought maybe we will exit maybe we
will not honor our debt maybe will not
our treaties between signed beforehand
how can you ask the Germans match the
French and the other Northern Europeans
to conclude new agreements which rely on
rules which maybe in the end a country
like Italy will not respect and
therefore I think the fact that we have
to admit that the reform of the euro
area will be put on hold until the
situation in Italy has been cleared up
all right Federico in Rome I'll give you
the last word different challenges that
the European Union is faced with right
now not just within but also external
challenges like perhaps a looming trade
war with the United States do you think
the Europeans can stay united can be
united and strong enough to weather
these challenges if you if you ask me if
I am optimistic I'm optimistic in the
long run but as I said there will be a
lot of difficulties and as you noticed
when reviewing the state of populist
movements throughout Europe Sweden is at
risk to some extent because the
Democrats in Sweden the so-called
Democrats which are the populist party
might gain a lot of seats in September
when the elections are due it's the next
possible let's say element of novelty
song speak but on the other hand I would
like to address the question of what to
do what to do to face this new challenge
is to accept the challenge and
understand the failures the failures of
the pro Europe Pro globalization elite
as it is called by the populist here
it's not an elite but it is called an
elite okay II
there is no understanding no deep
understanding of everything that
happened there will no be not be any
possibility of okay fixing this
situation we'll leave it there thank you
so very much for a very interesting
discussion
Federico Arjun Terry Daniel grow and
Natalie Tochi thank you for being on
this edition of inside story and thank
you as well for watching don't forget
you can always watch this program again
any time by visiting our website
aljazeera.com prefer the discussion go
to our Facebook page at facebook.com
slash AJ Inside Story you can of course
join the conversation on Twitter as well
our handle is at AJ inside story from me
fully batty boy and the whole team thank
you for watching bye for now
you
