hello and hasn't seeker this is counting
the cost on al-jazeera your weekly look
at the world of business and economics
how the year-long blockade on cata is
impacting Gulf economies turkey's
high-stakes battle to tame its currency
cool its economy and soothe investor
nerves plus pressing reset on oil find
out why the world's largest producers of
crude could be rethinking their strategy
a year ago the four Arab states Saudi
Arabia the United Arab Emirates Bahrain
and Egypt imposed a full land sea and
air blockade on Qatar the richest
country in the world per person was
forced to tap into its sovereign wealth
fund and do everything it could to shore
up its economy banking system and
currency and those efforts have been
paying off earlier this year it raised
twelve billion dollars in a bond issue
it showed that despite the rift with its
Gulf neighbors international investors
still feel confident betting on its
future growth a Qatar is reshaping
supply lines and developing domestic
goods it's pushing ahead with its 200
billion dollar infrastructure plan and
the world's largest exporter of
liquefied natural gas is also busy
forging new long-term supply deals now
the IMF projects that cutters growth
will come in at 2.6 percent in 2018 it
says the Saudi economy will expand by
1.7 percent the UAE will have 2 percent
growth
Bahrain's outlook is for 3 percent
growth and the international lender
predicts Egypt's economic growth will
hit 5.2 percent this year joining us now
from London is a hem Kemal head of
Middle East and North Africa at the
global risk consultancy you raised your
group thanks very much for being with us
so what's your assessment of how qatar
has weathered this blockade 12 months on
well I think Qatar is in a much better
position right now it seems that the
economic cost
of the blockade or the crisis has been
limited the government has managed to
intervene in certain sectors it has
managed to provide some guarantees and
the central bank has provided
much-needed liquidity so it is contained
it's far from ideal obviously because of
the position of Qatar at geography its
trade links so this is far from a
preference but I think one year after
the beginning of the Qatar crisis with
the other GCC members the economy is not
crashing and Qatar seems to have
adjusted to what is a very challenging
situation took a little bit more than
about the ways that Qatar has adjusted
to this because they obviously had a lot
of money in terms of foreign currency
reserves they had a lot of kind of
ammunition so to speak with with which
to to whether this at the beginning
didn't they absolutely I think that the
sovereign wealth fund reserves were
absolutely important in providing not
only stability but a measure of
credibility to the financial sector that
Qatar has significant reserves to
intervene in the market and help the
government manage the crisis obviously
the Qatar gas exports did help the
country manage its relationships with a
lot of countries and make sure that the
trade links and those exports are
maintained LNG exports but I think most
importantly on the diplomatic front
we've seen an effort to engage with
alternative powers not only the US but
broadly to establish new trade lanes try
to cement those so you have Qatar not
really in an isolated position
internationally and that's a function of
both the importance of the gas reserves
and gas exports but also the financial
cushion that Qatar has through its
sovereign wealth fund the Qatar
Investment Authority a much better
situation today I would say so what's
been the regional impact the broader
regional impact of this blockade so I
think that perhaps the impact on the
Saudi economy is quite limited but it is
certainly there the exports that you
used to go from
Saudi Arabia to Qatar industrial sector
certainly agricultural goods as well
that has gone down but given the size of
the Saudi economy it's it's a very
limited impact on Saudi Arabia I think
you will see that when it comes to the
UAE and perhaps Dubai in specific some
of the the repercussions have been more
serious or more tangible be it financial
transactions being shifted from Dubai
Tunis to London or New York where
catarrian is involved so a loss of some
business volumes there and certainly
when it comes to Jebel Ali and the
exports through Java lolly which have
now been rerouted to Oman and through
that to to cut our so we we've seen bit
of a more of an impact there I think for
the GCC countries at large this is not
an ideal situation Akana economically
certainly in terms of pure economic cost
the impact on Qatar is heavier than
anywhere else but given the financial
reserves we haven't seen really the
Qatar economy crack we haven't seen a
crisis develop in a way that creates
panic in Doha or that forces the
government to spend much more
significant amounts of for our foreign
reserves to prop up the economy and what
are the implications of all of this for
cutters main export main source of
income which is of course LNG liquefied
natural gas
I think the liquid of LNG exports have
been stable I think that global demand
has been healthy and cutters
relationship with most of its energy
partners has not been damaged as a
result of the Gulf crisis unless there
is an actual disruption in the Persian
Gulf which is unlikely I think unless we
see confrontation with Iran or a
military effort against Iran then that
that LNG exports will continue it will
continue to provide Qatar with much
needed revenues unlikely to change
anytime in the future the the positive
element is Qatar is also planning
to develop or further expand production
over the long-term so we will see
additional reserves not in the next few
years perhaps over a much longer time
horizon certainly given all of these
dynamics I think that that the
leadership in Qatar has options at least
to strengthen its position over the long
term
hey him coming out thanks very much for
being with us a pleasure and don't
forget to catch a Jazeera special
coverage of the Qatar blockade one year
on we'll bring you interviews and
insights from around the globe find out
how everyday life has changed in Qatar
and where the political situation stands
right now that's at 1800 GMT Tuesday 250
June on al Jazeera I'll still to come on
counting the cost made in Rwanda versus
America first how relations are souring
over second-hand clothes but first
Turkey's currency the lira strengthened
this week after a major sell-off which
saw it hit an all-time low versus the
dollar it's still down around 15% so far
this year for ordinary Turks and
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan it's a
big source of worry he's been battling
to stop the currency crisis ahead of
elections next month in the past week
there's been a steep interest rate hike
the central bank governor has also tried
to reassure foreign investors that
capital controls which would block money
leaving the country won't be needed
although in the short term this strategy
seems to have worked challenges remain
on Wednesday credit ratings agency
Moody's cut turkeys economic growth
forecasts well joining us now from
London is Charles Robertson global chief
economists with Renaissance capital
thanks very much for being with us so
what's going on with turkeys economy
particularly these big swings in the
currency it's taken a while but there's
been a massive buildup of debt private
sector debt in Turkey over the last
10-15 years and we've been concerned for
the last two to three years that at some
point in the medium term like now you're
going to see lending stop growth stop
and then people flee
turkish assets because people have been
buying into turkey on the assumption it
would grow 5% forever and and the risk
is it's it's going to slump into a
recession and why is that because
they've they've it's that borrowing of
too much it's not particularly the the
size of the borrowing now private-sector
debts about seventy percent of GDP
china's double that it's the scale of
the increase over ten years usually
coincides with excess borrowing bad
borrowing decisions perhaps into real
estate or or something similar and and
that tips over we saw it a lot in the
global financial crisis a lot of eastern
europe had that problem some extent the
u.s. had that problem with the global
financial crisis questions being raised
as well though about president relative
typer defense leadership here and his
stewardship of the economy there were
the comments that he made earlier
describing high interest rates as the
mother of all evil and that was that
that kind of took a few people by
surprise didn't it any raise questions
about how independent that the central
bankers are in in Turkey the difficulty
here is that everyone was the markets
darling for a good decade or so and
there was always local concern
particularly might kind of middle-class
Istanbul electorate that he was
encroaching his power is getting too
great he's now been in power for so long
that there is very little constraint
upon him he's appointed numerous central
bank governors now he's in charge of the
army he's done a lot of changes to the
judiciary but it's the central bank
which i think is concerned people the
most because turkey relies on foreign
capital to fund its current account
deficit it always runs a big trade
deficit so it needs foreign capital so
to say we don't want to pay the interest
rates required to attract that capital
has frightened the markets and one of
our concerns over the last few weeks is
if you go back to malaysia in 1998 in
the Asian crisis Malaysia said you know
what we're not going to take foreign
capital we're going to introduce capital
controls we're going to not allow
foreign portfolio investors to leave and
and that did
them cut interest rates and it did help
Malaysia's economy recover
perhaps quicker than other Asian
countries that have gone to the IMF and
done Orthodox things like the interest
rate hike which eventually Turkey did
choose to do a few days ago yeah and
staying on this the the issue of the
interest rates the the lira did rally
further this week after the central bank
announced this streamlining of interest
rate tools to focus on having one one
single main rate has that done anything
to reassure investors it's done it has
helped house hope so the 300 basis point
rate hike has helped I'm having interest
rates up at around 16 percent has helped
but also for a number of years now the
central bank has been trying to raise
rates but not tell the electorate in
Turkey that they're raising rates to try
and keep the president happy and this
repo rate which was sitting at around 8%
and has now been raised to 16 and a half
or so that that's is a sign that finally
orthodoxy seems to have won and in the
longer run that will work it worked for
Russia when they did similar things a
few years ago Russian interest rates are
much lower now than turkey Russian
inflation much lower now than turkey so
orthodoxy does win in the end and it
looks like our Islands has given up he's
backed away the central bank's being
allowed to do what Orthodox people would
suggest and what the market wanted to
see what does that mean for Turks though
when they're when they're getting paid
continue to get paid in in in lira and
the currency is seemingly losing value
on the international markets it's I mean
it's tough I mean it's interesting that
a couple of years ago odo Anne suggested
the Turks should save in in lira or gold
and gold has actually been a relatively
good store of value for Turkish people
real estate quite a good way to try and
protect your savings but but the lira
itself hasn't been great so you're going
to see inflation rise that's going to
hurt people usually hurts the poorest we
think we're going to see growth slow to
at best two to three percent this year
and the populations growing wanted
so per capita that's really not much of
again these are these are tough times
for Turks now good to speak with you
Charles Robertson joining us there in
London our trade relations between the
US and key allies have taken a giant
step backwards the Trump administration
is putting tariffs on steel and
aluminium imports from the European
Union Canada and Mexico they're
threatening to retaliate with tariffs of
their own as fears grow of a global
trade war Kimberly how get reports from
Washington US Commerce Secretary Wilbur
Ross made the announcement from Paris
where he was attending an annual trade
forum tariffs of 25 percent on steel and
10 percent on aluminum imports into the
United States from Canada Mexico and the
European Union all go into effect Friday
the move potentially sets in motion a
trade war with some of the United States
most important allies a claim the US
Commerce Secretary brushed off everybody
has spats every now and again every
family does every country does with
others there's nothing weird about that
I think everybody will get over this
in due course in Brussels the head of
the European Commission called it a bad
day for world trade promising
countermeasures that could include
retaliatory tariffs on US goods into the
EU on everything for blue jeans to
motorcycles what they can do we are able
to do exactly the same it's totally
unacceptable
that a country is imposing unilateral
measures when it comes to trade Frances
junior trade minister promised a similar
response suggesting the u.s. president
may be misinformed yeah yeah more forgot
that issue huh there comes a point when
one needs to look at the figures and I'm
surprised that maybe president Trump's
staff haven't shown him how much those
European companies had invested in the
United States had created jobs there to
assemble and produce there now those US
jobs could be at risk
Justice President Donald Trump seeks to
fulfill one of his top campaign promises
to protect the jobs of his supporters in
America's steel and aluminum
manufacturing sectors it's not just
international partners criticizing
Donald Trump's decision to impose steel
and aluminum tariffs on top US allies
domestically members of President
Trump's own Republican Party are also
criticizing him and fear the effects of
a global trade war despite White House
efforts to downplay those concerns the
tray spat has also broken out between
the world's biggest economy and a
landlocked East African country over
hand-me-downs a multi-million dollar
business has grown up around selling
clothes donated in charity shops in the
US thousands of miles to Africa
critics say Africa cannot hope to
develop a domestic textile industry when
it's flooded with cheap imports so
Rwanda has imposed tariffs and wants to
phase out imports of these second-hand
clothes the u.s. is responding with a
threat to pull Rwanda duty-free access
to some of its products wonders
president Paul Kagame is not backing
down
Alucard statue is a Nairobi based
investment advisor and chief executive
at rich management
he says Africa has become a dumping
ground for cheap goods from other
countries this is an attempt by Africa
to get leverage on the value chain it's
an attempt to develop industry it's an
attempt to industrialize and essentially
you know we've seen all our industries
hollowed out one of the classic examples
is actually textile manufacturing which
is now being addressed in East Africa
and I think it's important that we look
at things holistically and if we're
going to look at it holistically we
can't talk about the industrialization
of Africa on one hand and then be
dumping Africa with all kinds of of
goods and in this case in in the case of
used clothes our oil prices have been
falling this week with the world's
biggest producers looking at a change in
strategy reports say Saudi Arabia and
Russia may increase oil production last
year was about reducing the amount of
oil
world's energy markets so now any
proposal to boost output would mean a
major reset that's going to affect crude
prices and investors will be waiting
until June 22nd when OPEC members meet
in Vienna to see what happens well
joining us now from Zurich is Cornelia
my economist and independent energy
analysts good to speak with you again
there Cornelia so are we looking at a
major rethink then in the strategy of
the oil producers what I don't think
we're looking at a major rethink but we
are looking at them addressing the issue
that we have over the last year lost
about a million barrels out of Venezuela
and we are going to lose a few hundred
thousand out of Iran thanks to the
sanctions so I think they're looking at
it they say compliance of the OPEC
non-opec agreement is at a hundred
eighty three percent which Russian
Energy Minister Alexander Novak sort of
equated with being at about 1 million
barrels so they're gonna say okay there
is some Headroom and they're gonna put
some in but it's not gonna be that easy
because within OPEC you know when one
country ups production and others might
feel slighted because you know you have
a very delicate balance or firm of
production quotas so what's behind all
of this then do you think I mean is it
is it part of it part of it just that
they were too good at wanting to raise
prices before and now we're seeing the
effects of that no I think what they've
done is they've take it was not a price
thing it was getting rid of that
overhang there was it was just a glut of
oil in the market there was an overhang
of of inventories and the the agreement
of cooperation was designed to take out
that overhang and put it back to the
five-year average for OECD countries
they have achieved us mission
accomplished
now what's happened in the meantime is
their didi the idea obviously the the
sanctions against Iran it's Venezuela
falling off a cliff it's also a Nigeria
and Libya having their own internal
problems so a lot of countries actually
are producing less than they were
expected to produce or exporting
and we expected to produce and and I
expected to produce even less so so so
now they've sort of over achieved and
now they need to address the over
achievement and how does the United
States figure into all of this and
particularly the shale oil producers
there well I think figures in quite a
lot because the u.s. is set to overtake
were scheduled to overtake Russia's the
world's largest producer this this year
Russia is currently the largest producer
so on one hand we will see more exports
of of the oil from of the oil from the
US especially shale oil we had China for
instance is never imported more than
they're slated to import this month from
the US but mind you there's another
thing also if you're Russia and if you
Saudi Arabia you know the two really big
producers in Saudi Arabia do real only
real swing producer and then obviously
you want that agreement of cooperation
because you need to give a
counterbalance to this new emerging
American powerhouse of exporting crude
good to speak in you Cornelia Meyer
joining us there from Zurich
thank you has them and finally Greece is
preparing to exit its third
international bailout this summer the
country signed up for the largest
sovereign loan in history to prevent
bankruptcy Greece's latest bailout ends
in August but the austerity measures
will continue for at least two more
years and workers in Greece are unhappy
they've seen their incomes for by
fifteen percent during this eight-year
economic crisis as john psaropoulos
reports now from athens
several times a week alexandros minima
TVs sings for his supper he earns about
$20 an hour four times as much as in his
regular part-time job as a shoe salesman
with two sources of income
he helps support the household he grew
up in but he cannot invest in his own
future five years ago he enrolled in a
robotics degree course at Cal ki the
Polytechnic two hours drive from Athens
but he can't afford to rent an apartment
there so his studies are progressing
slowly allow me here or at the present
rate it'll take me another 10 years to
graduate I'll be 35 and at that age it
will be really difficult to find a job
in my area of expertise he's one of the
many victims of salary cuts averaging 15
percent during the economic crisis
creditors demanded cuts to make the
economy more competitive the official
minimum wage is now 690 dollars a month
before tax but experts say the salary
cuts weren't effective in the absence of
other reforms while salary cuts should
have led to a cut in the prices of
products and services they didn't
because product markets are to a great
extent monopolies or oligopolies we have
a large number of multinationals
operating in this country which didn't
lower the cost of their products they
benefited from the salary cuts but they
didn't become more competitive half of
all new jobs are part-time or seasonal
and that still leaves 20% of workers
unemployed around a million Greeks and
there is so much underemployment the
labor institute Greece's leading
employment think tank says the real
jobless total is closer to 27% but the
worst effect of the crisis is loss of
income the dramatic drop in incomes has
created a class of working poor the risk
of poverty has doubled during the crisis
- 35 percent of the population that's a
rate unmatched anywhere in Western
Europe and it is twice as high among
working age adults and the children who
depend on them as it is among pensioners
many Greeks such as Nima TVs no longer
see the point in learning skills or
higher education Greeks are forced to
accept jobs they're overqualified for
which leads many to go abroad
the Labour Institute says government
leaders need new policies to encourage
entrepreneurship and employment entice
companies to lower their prices and for
the cost of labour to fall without
serious reforms like these many Greeks
fear for all their education they'll
likely remain the buskers of Europe and
that's our show for this week remember
get in touch with us by tweeting me at
TASM seeker and use the hashtag age HCTC
when you do or drop us an email counting
the cost that al jazeera dotnet is our
address there's more for you online as
well at aljazeera.com slash CTC that
will take you straight to our page which
has individual reports links and entire
episodes for you to catch up on that's
it for this edition of counting the cost
and hazard seeker from the whole team
here thanks for joining us the news on
al Jazeera is next
