a quick taco break before a nest allowed
err and Mariana get on with cramming for
their finals they're finishing
University at a critical moment the
Mexican electoral race is gearing up and
they're clear on what they see as the
key issues work that at least there's
work for those of us who are heading out
of university that and crime we don't
have security almost anywhere pollsters
say that ties him with what many young
voters one more and better paid jobs
lower murder rates and less corruption
candidates should be listening the young
vote is all important this election
almost 45 percent of the electorate is
under 35 they could swing it for the
winner they're overwhelmingly urban
online and more educated than their
parents they're also more likely to vote
left
good news for frontrunner Manuel and res
Lopez Obrador that is if they turn out
at all worldwide the young vote tends
not to a Mexico's notoriously corrupt
political class could turn them off
entirely but there is hope that this
time round they will engage that's based
in part on young people participating or
mass in protest movements and the rescue
efforts after last year's earthquake
youth movement wicked pol√≠tica is trying
to use that energy to transform the
political scene supporting fresh-faced
independent candidates like 27 year old
Robert or Castillo we've demonstrated
that we're not an apathetic generation
and for years we haven't been heard we
want to as we say in our slogan replace
a political class that doesn't represent
us that won't happen at the presidential
level this elections the leading
candidates are political veterans but
the young should still play a vital role
in who gets in and how the country moves
forward John Holman al Jazeera Mexico
City
