a funeral procession makes its way
through a neighborhood in the Nicaraguan
capital onlookers watch from their homes
as the remains of 34 year-old Francisco
de Deus are moved to a nearby cemetery
overcome with grief Francisco's mother
says goodbye to her son for the last
time a llamas the most precious thing in
our lives is being taken away all of our
children are in danger Francisco was
shot while attending a protest on May
30th his father is a police officer for
the city of Managua he believes his son
was killed by a sniper under orders by
the government this was the government
there killing innocent people the person
was trained because a sniper shoots to
kill the moments after Francisco was
shot were captured on camera as was the
anger that demonstrators felt upon
learning that he was dead there is blood
there is blood they shot our brother
Francisco is one of at least 16 people
who were killed during one of the
largest anti-government protests seen in
Nicaragua in decades his name is now
added to a list of over a hundred others
who've been killed since the start of
this crisis on April 18th with his body
laid to rest Francisco's closest friends
say they feel compelled to join in the
anti-government demonstrations they
started as a protest against planned
cuts to Social Security benefits but the
focus has widened to getting rid of
President Ortega and his administration
Plateau can funnel all the people
support Francisco and if the people rise
up I will support him - while the unrest
in Nicaragua continues mourners at the
funeral ask collectively how many more
of the country's youth will be buried
before the conflict is over Monroe's
Rapala
al Jazeera Managua
