US ambassador nikki Haley came here
determined to thwart a resolution
drafted by Kuwait that called for
measures to protect the people of Gaza
she tried persuasion going around other
members of the Security Council here as
she approached the ambassador of Peru
she can be seen mouthing the word please
a warm greeting for Israel's ambassador
Danny Danon he surely aware she also had
procedural tricks up her sleeve
she wanted her completely rewritten
version of the resolution classed as an
amendment so it be voted on first there
were heated discussions among
ambassadors but this month's President
of the Council Russia ruled against her
and things only got worse for Haley she
pleaded with Council members to support
her draft resolution and reject Kuwait's
we strongly encourage this council to
vote against Kuwait's resolution and
acknowledged the concerns of Hamas by
voting for the u.s. resolution each of
you have a choice you either support
Hamas or not this vote will tell the
story but the story that unfolded is not
the one Haley wanted when Kuwait's draft
was put to a vote
it got 10 votes in favor there's a kid
only didn't pass because Haley had to
use her veto and then the second vote on
Haley's own resolution this is where all
her tactics backfired her allies
abstained others voted against and a
moment of diplomatic humiliation she was
the only person to vote for her
resolution I don't believe that there
was in the history of the United States
in the history of the United Nations in
which a country to submit a draft
resolution and not to receive except one
single vote the vote of the party that
did submit the draft resolution if that
is not the epoch of complete failure I
want you to tell me what
is failure in the Security Council thank
you it was a bad day for ambassador
Haley but the real losers are the people
of Palestine particularly in Gaza with
the Security Council divided and
deadlocked there is no end to their
misery in sight
James BAE's al-jazeera of the United
Nations
