it's the first of its kind in Africa and
the biggest the sights Museum of
Contemporary Art in Cape Town is in an
old silo concrete tubes that once stored
grain have been cut away to house the
world's largest collection of African
art it's attracted and impressed art
lovers from all over the world it's open
last yeah it already draws 3,000
visitors a day these galleries are
spread over nine floors they display the
private collection of German billionaire
philanthropist
Jochen Zeitz he's bought artworks from
all over the continent and lent them to
the museum on top of the building is a
hotel rooms there cost as much as twelve
thousand dollars a night it's on Kate
founds waterfront which is home to some
of the continents most expensive
property the area is popular with
tourists and with wealthy South Africans
few people from the townships come here
and so some artists and art critics say
that putting that kind of institution in
this kind of place isn't very inclusive
but the provincial Minister for tourism
told us it's prominence helps African
art positioned in an exclusive space V&A
waterfront the top tourism destination
in Africa but I mean what better place
to put it if you want to really get
artists to be exposed african ought to
be exposed so i think that definitely
outweighs any of those other arguments
just outside the city in a Township
called langa he went to a community
center that works with local artists
it's supported by city authorities we
asked one of the founders about the
nearby opening of the giant gallery
housing a foreigners private collection
it's okay when you in person who has
money decided to do what he wanted to do
it's his money god bless his soul now
would love to see that person's face and
say come to Langer can you build this in
longer
can you do this what the museum tries to
be accessible African citizens espera
$15.00 entrance fee on Wednesday
mornings and schoolchildren entered for
free all the time at least those able to
get here who can enjoy this grand
addition to the continent art scene
Malcolm Webb al Jazeera Cape Town South
Africa
