back from the dead Russian journalist
Arkady Bab Schenker gave his second
press briefing in as many days and he
dived into exactly how he and Ukraine's
Security Service had faked his own
murder
oil an allegedly genuine assassination
plot
in the very end I made the shirt with
bullet holes in it and I laid on the
floor it was real fix blood on me
they had poured blood all over me and I
took some of it in my mouth and let it
out they touched some blood clots into
the bullet holes and I was dead I was
freezing I washed off as much of the
blood as I could they gave me a sheet
and I wrapped myself in it and watched
the news about what an amazing guy I was
regarding the ethics of carrying out
such a deception he had this to say I
didn't have the task to make you believe
me or not my task was to stay alive and
secure my family this is the only thing
the first thing that I was thinking
about the last thing I was thinking
about were the standards of journalism
should be honest but across the media
world worried voices have been speaking
up we considered that nothing could
justify the fact that it was organized
with the secret acronym services to
protect the journalists I think it
jeopardize the security in journalists
of journalists in general and RSF thinks
that although we are we welcome the news
that is life there could be some other
means to protect him a representative
from the Organization for Security and
Cooperation in Europe wrote on Twitter
relieved that Arkady Bab Schenker is
alive I deplore the decision to spread
false information on the life of a
journalist it is the duty of the state
to provide correct information to the
public and the committee to protect
journalists said this extreme action by
the Ukrainian authorities has the
potential to undermine public trust in
journalists and to mute outrage when
they are killed in Russia where Ukraine
says the attempt on Bab Schenker's life
originated the government has described
the affair as an
Russian provocation the story is strange
to say the least I don't know how much
the end justifies the means in this
story thank God that person is alive
it does not change your attitude towards
Ukraine a country where being a
journalist is dangerous it does not
change the core the situation the only
thing that has changed is that thank God
this person is still alive the Kremlin
and state-controlled media are drawing
parallels between Bab Schenker's fake
death and the Navi chuckling of the
script howls in the UK both see Russia
accused both are described here as
equally fantastical the suggestion is
that nothing can be believed anymore
much will depend on where Ukraine's
investigation goes next police arrested
the alleged middleman in the murder plot
identified as burry Slovak German
prosecutors need to back up the claims
with evidence only then can you crane
argue with more certainty that this was
all worth it Rory challon's how to zerah
Moscow
