election campaign promises to abolish
the deeply unpopular consumer tax are
thought to have been an important factor
which swayed voters towards the new
government and now it's delivering on
that promise it would actually be the
best thing for the nation's its benefit
for tourists because they can claim the
GST mistakes you find but loca cannot
the GST was introduced three years ago
to offset falls in the price of major
revenue earners oil and gas many
businesses were affected every company
would do some mining in Westville or
some of them more on the hard way some
summaries more in software but
ultimately also involve a lot of
resources this Chinese medicine chain
managed to absorb the additional costs
but tens of thousands of smaller
businesses closed down as the cost of
raw materials shot up GST revenue
significantly contributed to the state's
coffers the leaders of the new
government have a new dilemma how to cut
the two hundred and seventy two billion
dollar national debt which is more than
80 percent of GDP the government set up
a fund to open to members of the public
who are willing to contribute towards
the national debt it's a call to action
that's being circulated in social media
but the government's even provided a
bank account number so people can donate
directly to what's being called the Hope
Fund
analysts say more concrete measures are
needed you find that the government
would be hard-pressed to actually offset
the foreign revenue you'd be quite
challenging for the government to find a
broader tax system like the GST because
it's a value-added tax or consumption
tax so what's very important now is
actually for the government to actually
control its spending while the
government is putting in place its onus
charity measures to tackle the debt it
hopes the current zero tax rate on goods
and services will encourage consumer
spending to boost the economy street
food sellers are promising to pass on
the savings to customers I can drop the
price of my chicken before the GST the
stock costs more so I had to charge more
but what's being called the tax
honeymoon may be short-lived
the government's planning a new tax in
September Libya Gopalan al Jazeera
I'm poor
