on the streets of Managua gunman opened
fire on anti-government protesters in
the Nicaraguan capital many
demonstrators took shelter in a nearby
Cathedral well not part of it the Limon
at first we were inside the Cathedral
then we went outside and saw how the
shootings took place in cold blood right
in front of the cathedral Ynez Paredes
a Nicaraguan farmer who traveled to
Managua to take part in the
demonstrations says even under the care
of faith leaders he still fears that
more attacks are coming we're going
through a repression despite staying at
the Cathedral because these people don't
respect anyone they don't respect
priests or human rights only God can
help us here it's not the first time
police officers have fired on
demonstrators standing on the grounds of
this Cathedral since the unrest began
nearly six weeks ago pro-government
paramilitary groups continued to face
off with protesters some wielding
homemade mortars they man barricades and
keep a close watch over who they allow
pass snipers and armed groups believed
to be under the command of President
Daniel Ortega left at least 16 people
dead and another 79 injured after a
protest that drew nearly half a million
people to the streets of Managua
President Ortega however continues to
deny any involvement in the violence you
manet Aryan organizations have condemned
the government crackdown on dissenters
Eddie Gaven at roses of Amnesty
International says the evidence of human
rights abuse by the Ortega government is
clear the use of these paramilitary
groups to create the cause the use of
police the use of lethal force by police
I mean we saw the snipers you know very
well positioned at the stadium ready to
kill people some of the patterns that we
have seen and and and that make us
believe that this is so systematic and
so intentional that is becoming a policy
tool to to shoot to kill
despite the government agreeing to allow
an independent commission to investigate
the violence of the past six weeks the
political unrest in Nicaragua shows no
sign of ending soon there have been
about 100 confirmed deaths since the
start of the crisis
Manuel de pollo al Jazeera Managua
