ending almost a week of political and
financial turmoil in Italy the incoming
Prime Minister announces his government
line up by my side there will be Luigi
Dima your labour in the industry
minister who will also assume the role
of Deputy Prime Minister senator Matteo
salvini interior minister who will
assume the role of Deputy Prime Minister
the difference between this time round
and last weekend the controversial
figure of paolo Savona a euro skeptic
rejected by the President as economy
minister now gets the EU Affairs
portfolio while that means they're still
scope for friction with Brussels the new
foreign minister Lorenzo my Aveiro
Mellon AZ is a familiar figure from a
previous government of technocrats it
might be a disaster for the for Italy
and these economies because these two
party want to spend and they should
renegotiate something with Europe and
the European Union is not too keen to
make any concession to Italy for
opponents of the so-called populist
alliance the only good news is that
Italy finally has a government but don't
think I see the children are they their
program is very dangerous and impossible
it is dangerous for families and for
business but this is our opinion
let's hope they contradict us the
Italian public will want to see how far
the administration meets campaign
promises from deporting so-called
illegal immigrants to providing a
guaranteed minimum income the nature of
this incoming government won't be to the
liking of many EU leaders but the fact
is had there been fresh elections in
Italy the so-called populist parties may
well have won a stronger mandate to
demand change so for the time being
many people are reserving their
judgement nadine barber al jazeera rome
