US Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross made
the announcement from Paris where he was
attending an annual trade forum tariffs
of 25 percent on steel and 10 percent on
aluminum imports into the United States
from Canada Mexico and the European
Union all go into effect Friday the move
potentially sets in motion a trade war
with some of the United States most
important allies a claim the US Commerce
Secretary brushed off everybody has
spats every now and again every family
does every country does with others
there's nothing weird about that I think
everybody will get over this
in due course in Brussels the head of
the European Commission called it a bad
day for world trade promising
countermeasures that could include
retaliatory tariffs on US goods into the
EU on everything for blue jeans to
motorcycles what they can do we are able
to do exactly the same it's totally
unacceptable that a country is imposing
unilateral measures when it comes to
trade Francis jr. trade minister
promised a similar response suggesting
the u.s. president may be misinformed
young more forgot that issues huh there
comes a point when one needs to look at
the figures and I'm surprised that maybe
president Trump's staff haven't shown
him how much those European companies
had invested in the United States had
created jobs there to assemble and
produce there now those US jobs could be
at risk just as President Donald Trump
seeks to fulfill one of his top campaign
promises to protect the jobs of his
supporters in America's steel and
aluminum manufacturing sectors it's not
just international partners criticizing
Donald Trump's decision to impose steel
and aluminum tariffs on top US allies
domestically members of President
Trump's own Republican Party are also
criticizing him and fear the effects of
a global trade war despite White House
efforts to downplay those
concerns Kimberly Hellcat al-jazeera at
the White House
