better believe that learning French will
be at the top of my list Sofia
the UN's first robot ambassador
recognizing that the francophone world
needs to be taken seriously
French is after all the world's
fastest-growing language by 2060 five a
billion people will be speaking it
according to the International
Organization of La Francophonie but at
the francophone Business Forum some
believe this organization is actually a
space for talking the international
language of money I think is the
opportunity for everybody
English sector or I mean French people
to get some connection to know-how is
very important now is not the language
for me the reason why that we do
business is to win at the francophone
village you get a sense of what this
organization is all about 84 countries
not just french-speaking ones
representing more than 900 million
people and promoting peace and
prosperity think of it as a kind of
French United Nations for the Armenian
hosts this summit has special
significance mass street protests
brought about a peaceful revolution in
May the new government needs friends it
also needs investors in promising young
sectors like the tech industry after we
have more and more interest from
different investors coming to us and
being very excited about what has
happened in Armenia because democratic
change also means democratic
institutions democratic economic
institutions transparent business
environment this summit is about showing
the world that la Francophonie is
increasing its reach and that Armenia is
open for business
Robin Forestier Walker al-jazeera
Yerevan
