zabba Lezama sheng gu was born here 104
years ago his parents worked without pay
for a white farmer who grabbed this land
near Pietermaritzburg in south africa a
few decades before he was born
these stones mark where he buried them
in exchange for their labor they were
allowed to live here and grow their own
food he lived the same way now the
current landowners wanting to leave my
father was born here I was born here he
married my mother here where will I go
if they want me to move from this place
I'd rather they take a gun and shoot me
so at least I can be with my ancestors
and die on this land
a 1996 law backed by Nelson Mandela
entitled Zama Lhasa and others like him
known as labour tenant to own the small
plots of land they occupy he applied
twenty years ago he still doesn't have
the title sabha Lhasa lives in this
Shack he lets in the rain and so a land
rights organization tried to build him a
new home from concrete blocks but the
landowners didn't allow it
his grandson lives just here on the same
plot but if no title is issued before
zaba Lazar dies he won't be able to
inherit the land there are tens of
thousands of people in similar
predicaments waiting since the 1990s for
titles to be issued see a Bhangra suit
while he works for a rights group that's
representing 19,000 of their claims for
land the whole process is about the
libertine using the portion of land that
they've always been using so that land
currently is not useful to landowners
anyway so what we are pushing is the
actual processing of the claim so that
these people can be legitimate owners of
their land the descendants of the white
farmers do have titles many owners are
reluctant to give up the small plots
where the claimants live and many
claimants say the government lacks the
political will to address the past
injustice it's actually not a matter of
political will we are now processing the
applications the approach of the
department in the past was that rather
than subjecting the people to all of
them or all of them
Natacha rather use alternative ways of
securing their tenure if the outstanding
applications are ever processed it may
take years
Samba Lhasa won't be around for many
more his ancestors shared this land
communally all he wants before he dies
is to own a tiny part of it Malcolm Webb
al-jazeera near Pietermaritzburg South
Africa
