hundreds of thousands of people took to
the streets of Managua in the largest
anti-government protests in decades the
demonstration was organized in
solidarity with the mothers of students
and peaceful demonstrators who have been
killed by police and pro-government
militias since the start of a nationwide
political crisis on April 18th
omocha tierno said we want this
government to have a conscience and stop
killing our youths it's Mother's Day and
Nicaragua but instead of celebrating at
home with her family salon a day that
would have been out is mourning the
death of her son Jason he was shot and
beaten to death during a student-led
protests he was 24 years old he used to
come home at 7:30 every morning to have
breakfast with me that's what hurts the
most
because now who will they make breakfast
he was my only son that's why I want
justice for my son over the last month
unrest has become common after peaceful
protests against a national pension
reform policy were met with deadly force
by the government of Daniel Ortega now
even some of the president's staunchest
supporters are calling for his ouster
when I was a university student I
thought I used my voice my energy to
boot out the Somoza dictatorship and we
dreamed that there would never be
another dictatorship in this country but
over the last few years a new
dictatorship formed that's not what we
fought for
that's not what my friends died for they
died for a real change a free and just
nicaragua across town President Ortega
spoke to supporters claiming the dissent
against his government is part of a
right-wing conspiracy and denying any
involvement in the deaths of
demonstrators the violence is the worst
this country has seen since the
overthrow of the Somoza dictatorship 40
years ago and with the continued
crackdown on peaceful protests
demonstrations like these with thousands
of people marching on the streets of
Managua have only grown
just before sundown masked gunmen opened
fire against a group of demonstrators at
the engineering university several were
injured others ran for cover civil
society organizations continued to add
names to the list of those killed nearly
900 others have been injured
rapido al Jazeera Managua
