most of Brazil's striking truck drivers
have returned to the road many of them
reluctantly some with police and army
escorts after reaching a temporary
agreement with the government to lower
the price of diesel Brazil is returning
to normal after the nine-day protests
brought the country to its knees but his
truck has returned to work all workers
walked out don't worry
coincidentally the trucker's went on
strike and we're asking some of the same
questions as us so we decided to strike
not only to support them but to oppose
the possible privatization of Petrobras
there 72 hours stoppage was declared
illegal by the government the strikes
have also seen shares in the national
oil company Petrobras the majority of
which is government-owned lose 15
percent of their value the traffic is
flowing again deliveries are being made
but few here doubt that this is only a
temporary reprieve prices remain high
and the popularity of the government is
at an all-time low and while the
majority of Brazilians continue to
support the strikers that's a recipe for
further protests president Michel temer
says Brazil is emerging from recession
but fewer seeing the benefits of this
reported to surgeons and many Brazilians
are disillusioned with the whole
political establishment with politicians
from all parties implicated in a number
of corruption scandals the next
president will inherit a country with an
enormous deficit and major problems
hindering its economic recovery it will
be hard to improve unpopular reforms
that are necessary for this country
presidential elections are due in
October Demma is not running the
one-time favorites and former president
Lula da Silva is in prison and no other
candidate has so far emerged to lead
Brazil through tumultuous times that
many here fear lie ahead Dan Weinman our
Jazeera Sao Paulo
