French police began clearing the camp in
Paris early on Wednesday refugees mainly
from Eritrea Somalia and Sudan left with
a few possessions they had they were
taken to shelters around the city more
than 1,500 people had been living in
poor conditions with no sanitation and
little food exhausted most were relieved
to be going it's been hard here it's
dirty
there's no toilet no shower to wash it
for more than three days I haven't had a
shower sometimes I eat sometimes I don't
it's like that this is a never-ending
situation because of Dublin Italians
have the migrants fingerprints but they
don't hand out any papers the migrants
end up in the street they come to France
where they apply for asylum but then
they are sent back to Italy they come
back here again and end up in the street
earlier this month to migrants drowned
in the canal the incidents highlighted
the already desperate situation the
mayor of Paris says she's repeatedly
urged the government to help I think we
could have avoided waiting for months to
find shelter for these people the
suggestion I made to the state was to
build a welcome center like the one we
used to have at port de la Chapelle it's
the only option possible if we want to
avoid these camps there have been 35
clearances of camps like this across
Paris in the last three years but this
is the first one since the government
passed its new immigration law it says
the law will help genuine asylum seekers
but it once said to crack down on
so-called economic migrants we they will
be sheltered but in return as the
government and the president clearly
said they will be checked and their
situations will be verified at the
shelter's some migrants rested while
French officials checked people's
identities the government hopes its new
immigration law will reduce the number
of migrants coming to France but for now
it seems that there is no end to those
who arrive hoping for a better future
Natasha Butler al Jazeera Paris
