it's a beautiful day as young athletes
aged between 15 and 18 from around the
world take their sails onto the waters
north of Buenos Aires mixing with them
is Argentine sailor santiago lanka he's
seen it all a participant in six games
one friendship respect and excellence
and that's no matter why you know now is
is and this is part of my job here and
then it becames to express that to the
young kids and I think he's a very big
buddy of the Olympic Games
he's a sporting hero not just for what
he's done on the water but because just
before he raced in Rio in 2016 he was
diagnosed with lung cancer he fought
back he won gold I think it's important
that they enjoy this event it's a
privilege that under 18 years old you
can feel an Olympic Games you know I
think this must be a big motivation for
them to dream to be part of a bigger
Olympic Games in the future he's one of
several athlete role models at the Youth
Games imparting their experience their
inspiration to the next generation well
the Youth Games give many young athletes
their first taste of major international
competition they also provide the
organizers with a chance to try out
innovative ideas and to help them to
gauge the importance of the Olympics in
wider society among the topics being
discussed on race and gender equality
Maria - a Paki washer is a squash player
from Pakistan where she says she was as
a woman
aggressively discouraged from taking up
sport but that didn't stop her for women
I think it can give them a lot of power
and self understanding
they should be playing more and more
sports and be be in the leadership
position to change their to bring change
in the countries in their society of the
criticism of the Olympic movement has
not gone away but the issues are being
discussed inspired by the spirit and
enthusiasm of youth captured here by
guests of honor in when Osiris the Thai
football team the wild Wars this is
their first trip abroad after their
ordeal earlier this year when they
emerge United stronger after 18 grueling
days trapped in a cave dangling their
aljazeera 1 Osiris
