the sound of gunshots in the center of
the age as officers gave chase to police
women already lay dead on the street the
attacker had stabbed them in the back
sees their revolvers and shot them at
point-blank range as he headed towards
the nearby school he killed a man in a
car and then took a caretaker hostage in
a fierce exchange of fire more police
were injured but they managed to shoot
him dead and if King I'm going to my
house and listen the police say running
towards the park
the of the Avery and they were I thought
they're playing but I hear the gunshots
which is like later on it's all got to
straighten in blocked as police forensic
teams combed the area
eyewitnesses described how the attacker
had shouted Allahu Akbar god is great
and mentioned the war in Syria
prosecutors said they were investigating
it as a terrorist incident the man who
carried out this attack was on a day
release from prison he failed to return
to his cell the inmates there described
him as a violent man but he was on no
terror suspect list they police now
believe he might have been radicalized
inside the prison described as a petty
criminal with drug connections in the
city the police are now trying to form a
profile of the man and search for a
credible motive
David cheetah al Jazeera the edge
