Livia's rival leaders agree to hold
elections in December the decision came
at a conference in Paris organised by
the French president so will this and
Libya's years long crisis and what does
friends have to offer this is inside
story
hello and welcome to the program I am
Hoshi mahabhava it was a meeting held in
Paris in the hopes of a breakthrough for
the political crisis in Libya and late
on Tuesday French president Emmanuel
macron announced that rival Libyan
leaders had agreed to hold elections in
December Libya has seen years of
violence and instability as two rival
government's compete for influence and
power president Park on call Tuesday's
agreement an essential step toward
reconciliation calling the conference
historic it was attended by several
figures including Prime Minister fazes
Suraj of the United Nations backed
government in Tripoli and renegade
general Harry Potter who backs the
Tobruk based administration here's some
of what the French President had to say
see the premi√®re fois is the first time
that in this format all of the leaders
some don't acknowledge each other
mutually have met and agreed to work
together and together approved a joint
declaration it is a vital step
an important one and which makes
possible what is about to come I asked
everybody to stop fighting in Libya to
put an end to the bloodshed we want to
call on everybody to stop the military
escalation in Derna and we hope to be
able to reach a solution that will allow
us to open our corridors and secure them
for people's safety we reaffirmed our
opposition to terrorism if the foreign
interference continues in our country
this will never be a success we need to
have unity between the countries in the
region and Libya will take strong
measures against those who interfere
with the democratic process Libya's
rival factions signed a United Nations
back deal to form a unity government in
2015 after months of talks in Morocco
and their deal a nine member
presidential council forms a government
the eastern based House of
Representatives becomes the main
legislature and the state Council acts
as a second consultative chamber a few
months later the new government of
national Accord led by Prime Minister
phase
Siraj took office in Tripoli but it was
opposed by renegade general halifa hafte
who's backed by the administration in
the east and year round of talks headed
by the United Nations envoy Hassan
Salameh
began in Tunisia last September but the
rival groups failed to reach a consensus
the UN says Morocco agreement is the
only sustainable framework for a
solution and has called for elections
this year let's bring in our guests in
Tripoli salah el baku she is a political
analyst and senior advisor to the
negotiating team of the High Council of
State joining us on skype from a gusto
in Poland Ron Schara chief foreign
correspondent for the figaro daily
newspaper and in Cambridge Rhiannon
Smith managing director of Libya
analysis welcome to you all Salah how
would like to start by asking you this
question this is not the first time that
the international community is trying to
stitch together an agreement for Libya
why is the Paris conference different
this time it's very not different and
it's not the third time that the
international community tries to forge
an agreement there was an a serious
attempt at forging an agreement in
spirit as your report mentioned and it
came out with the Libyan Political
Agreement which produced the current
government of national Accord what's
happening in Paris now this is the
second round that macron tries his hand
at this he failed miserably in his first
attempt when he coupled Siraj and Hefner
and claimed on the 25th of July of last
year that this is a great step towards
peace in Libya and we know what happened
now this is the second attempt it's
probably better than the first one but
it does not produce an agreement it's
not it was not an attempt at producing
an agreement and he admitted himself in
the post conference press briefing that
nobody signed anything it was a
declaration
and we hope that everybody will commit
to what the sensorama has told the
Security Council on his briefing two
weeks ago that we are heading towards
elections mm-hmm well now so the parties
have agreed now to form to have
elections presidential and legislative
elections in December do you think that
this is something that could potentially
pave the way for stability and
reconciliation in Libya Western 90 that
we saw elsewhere in the Middle East in
Iraq for instance that thinking that
democratic elections can make a state
first you need to have a state a real
strong state strong institutions strong
rule of law and then and suddenly only
after you can have democratic elections
elections do not create a stable state
just by by my a kind of miracle
so it's formerly needed of course to
have elections but I don't think that
number one the conditions on the ground
now exists for a electoral process where
citizens would be like free are not
susceptible to be intimidated and number
two even if these elections are held I
don't think that it will make by itself
a strong state so it's it's just a half
a measure it's not I think that okay we
hope that a miracle is going to happen
but I'm not sure that it will happen
Rhiannon I mean for the French president
macron this is an historic moment but
you know as many say the reality on the
ground is quite different
if after for example recently said when
he returned back home that he told
people don't trust the internet the
democratic institutions you have to
ultimately trust the military isn't this
something that could just give you an
idea about what could happen next in the
future exactly when if we look at the
the meeting between Suraj and after
hosted by mecan't in July last year
there are a lot of nice things said a
lot of agreements made but actually on
the ground nothing changed and I think
that will be a similar reality here
ultimately all of the parties in Libya
because of Hassan Salameh news plan
everyone's expecting elections to happen
at some point obviously we now have a
date but I think that half does
motivation here whether he wants to go
for a presidential position or whether
just to increase his power you know this
is a great way to do it to go along with
the idea that elections are happening
but that you know it's a very distant
thing from green to elections on a set
date so actually implementing them
putting all the prime frameworks in
place having their security having the
institutions in place and actually this
could be a very good way for after all
other actors to actually kind of act as
spoilers so you know the dates have been
set if those dates are not met then
maybe that's a good excuse for for after
or someone else so well you know the
framework hasn't worked now I'm going to
come in and try a military approach to
the country so I think yes we have to be
quite skeptical of actually the
implementation of this agreement and
actually the motivation for some of the
actors of kind of signing up and taking
part in in the summit today Salah
explained to us how can the
international community the UN the
French implement the new framework I
mean we're talking about elections the
country is still politically divided
there is a government in Tripoli there's
another government in the East there's a
prime minister in Tripoli and there is
halifa havta in the East how can the
Libyans set aside those differences okay
well let's let's remember what that
sense ulema
said in his briefing two weeks ago he
told the Security Council two important
things that amending the political
agreement between the House of
Representatives in the east and the high
state Council and the
the West is dead that process is that I
participated in all the attempts in
Tunisia and we didn't get to any
agreement second thing he said that in
his next briefing which will be in July
he will let the council know whether
we're gonna go to a referendum on the
Constitution and then elections are we
gonna go to some type of election
presidential and/or parliamentary
elections this meeting in Paris said
we're gonna go to election so there's
nothing really new about this the only
thing is that what Saddam has said he's
in July he's gonna let the Security
Council know which way he's gonna go
this declaration says and said by
September the least parties will decide
how they're gonna hold these elections
and hopefully by the 10th of December
we'll have elections these elections are
gonna be very difficult to conduct you
cannot now run for example a
presidential election
I mean it's half they're going to be
able to come to the west and run is
anybody that's supposed to have to can
go to Benghazi and run a campaign for
president the South is completely out
there is no credible force there to
safeguard any election so the conditions
are very grave and as you guessed
suggested elections are not a panacea
there's a great debate about whether
elections can fall can create a state we
tried elections three times now we tried
them in 2012 we tried them in 2013 we
tried them in 2014 and here we are
Renault I mean against the backdrop of
what Saleh has been saying about the
grim reality in Libya what could be the
best move forward for the international
community to bring about stability to
Libya it's very difficult I think it's
quite important that first day's
conference because they neighbor
countries are there so they are very
concerned you know Algeria I mean
Nigel chard and for them it's very
difficult and we should probably agree
on a framework or how you can reinforce
the state it would be very difficult
because the vision of Libya Algeria is
not the same vision that the vision of
Libya Egypt Egypt through after wants to
keep its influence on cyrenaic on the
east of Libya but I think that if we can
have some kind of agreement between the
different states that we need a
framework a common framework and the
beginning of this framework would not be
elections actually it would be a real
unification the army I see and I think
that yes and I think that we don't need
all leaders I mean you know after is
already quite old and I think we need a
new generation of officers to show up
and after you have a real unified army
maybe you can build the state and maybe
you can hold elections that would be
significant that would have a real
political meaning rhiannon the
unification of the security forces and
the army in particular is a central
issue for the international community
but then again we're back to square one
how can you unify an army against the
backdrop of the mistrust between the
East and the West people in the West
hate Holly firfer
people in the East have no trust in the
political institutions in the West yeah
and I think this is one of the major
challenges that Libya is going to have
to get part in and whether its elections
or reconciliation or whatever kind of
political agreement you know comes out
down the road having these sort of
security institutions under control
having the militias
and the civilian state control is one of
the priorities you can't really have
rule of law or any kind of stability
without the kind of accountability that
comes from having these state security
structures under the control of a
civilian state as you mentioned the
Egyptian led military reunification
talks that have been going on the last
few months have had some success and
they have managed to make some western
and eastern elements I think that is a
positive startling that saying that can
be built upon it hasn't got some of the
involvement of some of some of the
Western militias but equally we've seen
within the West some of these militias
that are previously fought against each
others in towns errata who are now
starting to have some reconciliation at
a local level as you said though that
the real challenge at the moment is that
sometimes Libya can almost feel like two
separate countries at the moment between
east and west and really it's finding a
way to to bridge that gap I'm personally
not convinced that elections at this
moment is the way to do that because
actually you might just find it seeding
more division and actually each faction
seeking power for their own and their
own group rather than for the for the
country but I think that's something can
be worked towards and I think there are
some some good foundations to work on
Salah who have been involved in all
attempts post 2011 to forge unity and
put an end to the conflict in Libya why
is it impossible to reach that goal is
it because of the very nature of the
Libyan society or is it because of
regional interference
okay well first if I may I want to
address your guests comment about first
having to create an army I think this is
just like he suggested that elections
don't create a state an army at least
our experience in the Arab world and in
the third world and army never creates a
state it creates a new prison for the
population that's the history of the
Arab world after has always insisted
that the military has to rule the
country for a period of years to create
stability is that what we want and
besides we need security forces to see
Yuda country but not necessarily an army
not necessarily definitely not after in
his history in the in the area so what
we need now is consensus political
consensus what has delayed the these
consensus and these solutions is
regional interference the Egyptians the
Emiratis the Saudis and the French the
French got their soldiers killed
fighting on the side of half today they
admitted their can Benghazi last year
the Egyptians are bombing the hell out
of Libya everywhere every once in a
while the every time there is a
terrorist attack in Egypt the Emiratis
have built a an airbase in marriage and
they're supplying after with their wood
weapons that that's documented by the
team of experts for the Security Council
in every report so what we need to do is
stop this interference regional
interference in Libya and then we may
make some progress I mean I mean the
mister McCrone says that there is a need
for unifying Libyan institutions and at
the same time he brings in Agena Salah
and his chief of staff as two separate
delegations each with over 13 members in
there and their interest and you're
talking about unifying the Libyan
institution I see your point
Renault the French president Emmanuel
macron is clearly trying to inject new
momentum into the French foreign policy
by trying to bring all the parties in
Libya to negotiate a settlement does he
have the stature the leverage to
convince key regional players who have
been meddling into the affairs of Libya
to put an end to that meddling I think
that he has the statute yes that very
far working
knowledgeable intelligent well-respected
man in the in Europe and even in in the
US and even in Russia but the problem is
that it's a very difficult task let's
see if you have a conscience and a
quorum of fishes or plaque - not
difficult for you to make a fish soup
from this acquire but if you want to
transform the fish soup into an aquarium
to the much more difficult for you and
it's exactly what happened when kind of
equity and fraud
unfortunately in 2011 decided to meddle
in livin' internal affair and created
with the British and they made all this
mess they made a fishing for an acquire
so now you know as French president Matt
fulfill feels a little bit responsible
for a huge count that you have in Libya
they tried to do something but it's much
more difficult where when when you have
like destroys it okay Qaddafi was very
bad yes sure what rule and so on but at
least the word estate at least there was
security at least you could travel from
Tripoli to Benghazi at night nothing
nothing would happen teams okay just you
could not politics what the Westerners
have shortened the Buddhists do not like
political dictatorship and we can
understand that but they forgot
something that they forgot that in in
this part of the world is worse than
political dictatorship they honor key oh
they always worse than unlucky the civil
war they just we just forgot that you
know it would be extremely extremely
difficult to build a new Libya because
at least cavity he was uniting all these
tribes as a matter of fact I see well
the only one was people tonight all this
all this okay
and we who have been a great and
considerate just to to kill him Rhiannon
Libya has become a hub for human
trafficking drug radical groups and
factions warlords creating huge concerns
for the region for the international
community and for Europe but then again
no one seems to be willing to get it
their act together and solve this
problem yeah and I mean obviously there
we should mention as well obviously this
causes a huge problems for the Libyans
themselves as well and but ya know I
mean these are really difficult issues
to solve and part of their problem as
you mention with the migrants one with
all the sorts of smuggling of drugs and
weapons and ideologies and extremist
groups that goes on in the Sahel region
the problem is is not just Libya yes
Libya is a key part of that problem but
actually to be able to solve the issues
it needs help from lots of other
countries it needs other countries that
are bordering those too to help out and
I think you know for example in Libya
that the South is a much Forgotten
region actually a lot of the sort of
destabilizing impacts in terms of the
smuggling routes and where some of the
the weapons you know we've seen a
resurgence of Isis recently where a lot
of the the migrants come through is in
the south of Libya and you know they are
really shrugging their forgotten in the
political settlements and the security
settlements and and economically as well
and I think that's the other thing
that's that's key to to note in some of
these situations they're not just
security related they're not just
political there's also an economic a
strong economic element to to all of
these and actually that's becoming an
enduring problem that actually to be
able to destroy some of these kind of
war economies actually to get rid of
those vested interests is very difficult
because there's a lot of people in Libya
and outside who actually are are earning
a lot of money from that the current
chaos in the country and then it becomes
even more difficult then to to undermine
those and and rebuild Salah do you
believe that the the time is still there
for the Libyans to unify the
institution's the financial institutions
build confidence and trust among
themselves and try to internally come
together and solve their problems do you
think it's too late and that the only
way out
is international intervention in a way
or another now we need international
help to do this definitely but it's it's
also wrong to lay the blame to the
international community because what it
did in 2011 what we are suffering now is
due to 42 years of authority to tell
Italy and regime let's not forget that
the international community interfered
in 2011 and we thank them for that
yes they failed another and their
follow-up but didn't want to get
involved in state building and so on but
the blame squarely on Gaddafi's 42 years
of one-man rule and the the situation
were in also it's wrong to say that ok
we'll either have to settle for a
dictatorship or a totalitarian regime or
the alternative is chaos
now we refuse to acknowledge that we say
that we have another way of doing it we
deserve and we expect a democratic
system I mean where we don't have to be
condemned as Arabs to either
dictatorship or chaos as some thing that
Arabs somehow they are not deserving or
they cannot handle it Salah help Akash
Ellen Smith Renault jeera thank you very
much indeed for your contribution to the
program today and thank you too for
watching you can see the program again
any time by visiting our website
aljazeera.com for further discussion go
to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
inside story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
aj inside story from me hashable and the
whole team here bye for now
you
you
