China used to take half the world's
recyclable rubbish not anymore
they've got enough their own the
government has now declared a war on
waste but what do you do with the
garbage generated by 1.4 billion people
on steep Chow on this episode of 101
East we lift the lid on China's rubbish
crisis
we've traveled about an hour outside
Beijing where the problems China faces
managing its wastes are on stark display
this stockpile here is the result of
share bikes games gone wrong the
bicycles were dumped here because they
were clogging up Beijing streets this is
just one of many bicycle dumping grounds
dotted across China they're a symbol of
a culture that produces and throws away
on a massive scale and whether it's
bicycles plastics or industrial wastes
it's a problem that's getting bigger and
bigger and bigger
China's government has now declared its
own war on waste the question is is it
winning nowhere illustrates better the
scale of the problems China faces and
it's war on waste the next orbital
Beijing population almost the same as
Australia each day the city produces
twenty five thousand tons of waste more
than double what it turned out twenty
years ago this army of food careers is
unwittingly at the frontline of the
problem don't you tell your brother
Salah
food delivery is known here as why my in
China's big cities you can order pretty
much anything from a multi-course
banquet to a single cup of coffee for
next to nothing
i'ma pendulum and ashamed of our
Chancellor Hagia Sophia a banquet and
gentlemen how sure she's my mat oil
wasn't my daughter food Korea route yen
dreamed following his father and
grandfather into the army but a
disability made that impossible now the
22 year old is serving his countrymen in
a different way every day he races
against the clock his job and income
depend on getting good reviews
anyhow am i right now time you saw
Thank u so G so moody and bang so they
backed out slugging bang - so early on
Joe Joe Joe producer bitch on my idea
these newly popular online delivery
services are helping to generate vast
amounts of plastic waste across the
country about 20 million orders are made
each day mainly from two major companies
producing around 60 million plastic
containers Shahnameh concentrate higher
and function what you are some there was
a sooner that was a chunk o she has
another salad to do you are there
I nice to meet you me too we traveling
around basically promoting rubbish
sorting Chen Li wen knows all too well
the challenges faced by a country where
more people are getting wealthy fast
here's some villages they don't have the
basic infrastructure for wisdom
enjoyment she's one of China's most
energetic environmental campaigners
today Chen Li wen is taking us to see
where a good part of Beijing rubbish
ends up on the city's outskirts
historically China's Sidious also sends
their waste to the countryside but
gradually the farmers refused because we
have more and more not organic stuff
we've come to one of Beijing's biggest
and oldest dump sites home to both a
landfill and an incinerator and this is
about as close as we can get this is it
the first time I came here was almost 10
years ago it's now so big it's going
like a beauty
in the past this landfill contaminated
the groundwater as far as four
kilometers away locals also worry about
emissions from the incinerator over the
years I have visited over 30 facilities
including landfills and incinerators
across China I could see how this
facility is heavy impact the people but
people are suffering from the pollution
without sustainable waste management we
don't have future
in its war to reduce waste China has one
major advantage a vast network of
rubbish pickers who keep much of the
recyclable waste out of landfill and
incineration okay yeah man says watch
Aniyah Wang Jin dong is one of Beijing's
170,000 rubbish scavengers part of the
informal recycling industry that
currently handles about a third of the
city's garbage vibrant worker who left
his home province 10 years ago
Wang lives on the fringes of the capital
in a brick Shack with no electricity or
running water Wang and his wife took in
their nephew 11 year old Hmong nan after
the child's father became ill almost no
thankful mate were you go to ugh ah ha
Eliza made Matt and I have for some new
or died episode I met oh by the way
Obama Maya I mean you they were born
also don't
Wong is committed to giving his nephew
and education
today Wang is taking me with him to
collect bottles on a demolition site
covered with plastic mesh to keep down
the dust it's slow work the real money
in rubbish comes from controlling turf
well-connected collectors cut deals with
the big residential compounds paying for
exclusive rights to handle their waste
the way you manage introduce ourselves
well it's not the easiest way to make a
living at the best of times but it's not
even 10:00 a.m. that's already getting
up towards 35 degrees yes a djembe this
is a position you know what's in our
water there Willy oh la la la
sure sure what is before 2 dB well oh
hello hazel what - not when you're
headed west she was here son you what so
Canelo did not wanna what would he put
you through the rubbish pickers are
highly effective according to Chen Li
wen whose study them closely we can
recycle whatever the market can deal
with we we do the field work and found
that been recycled like almost 90% of
the recyclables it is much much higher
than any developed countries they rely
on recycling to risk family
moong naina tends a local school set up
for the children of the city's migrant
workers it costs his uncle around two
hundred dollars a year in fees but even
in this marginalized community the
rubbish Pickers nephew is at the bottom
of the pack that's wrong
the rubbish collectors might be
efficient but their future is uncertain
most like one Jin dong come from outside
the city in recent crackdowns Beijing
has tried to force them out recently
Wong has heard that the buildings around
his home are slated for demolition that
he fears his could be next
that's a much one journey since all that
even be there
the rubbish pickers are facing another
threat
it comes from entrepreneurs like Yoshi a
song who's at the forefront of a
government push to solve the waste
crisis with high-tech solutions don't
call me or an autograph for thinking
that oh she wanted us friends a moment
ago we showed me people tea that should
not want the venetie yo sample cocoa me
or to me that you inquire yeah me I mean
each other fruits so it's you sure EJ or
you go either you go Hmong samba just
receive a bunch of the highest order
you're doing yet the O's company aims to
cut out the rubbish collectors by
encouraging individuals to recycle each
bottle credits just under one cent to
your bank account
their company has placed 5000 of these
machines around Beijing there's a daily
limit of 20 to 30 bottles per user
designed to stop the rubbish Pickers
from cashing in the company then
transports the bottles to a plastic
processing Factory and ultimately turns
them into consumer goods will happen so
the power to pass or to attain various
traditions and replenishes you can make
or the physician this has become to be a
hover chair am de you know feat haha the
community Joanna she is a mother nature
Hwang Jin dong is still recycling the
old-fashioned way he peddles his wares
to a market more than an hour across
town another small cog in the informal
recycling chain boom baguette have you
done it
cool laughs II mean I don't know what
I'm made of hi Mina tired alloys
changing to more work is more general
this is so we start with solutions
judge Taten touch and tell you
here the city's trash turns into
treasure any item useful for
manufacturing plastic cardboard metal
has a value here it's been a good day
mr. Wong's made about thirty dollars
from a week's garbage enough to support
his family for another week from here
the plastic bottles cardboard and other
packaging and collected on the streets
of Beijing begin the long journey away
from the capital the question is where
does it all go from here
when the government announced its ban on
foreign waste last year
it also cracked down on backyard
recycling centers like this single
Porter the almighty pH miserable Sookie
it's a bit funny because it's easy to
turn a piece of the soon included as
this recent state media documentary
reveals authorities are making a show of
closing down these centers because
they're a danger to workers health and
the environment due to do deductions
they're going to punc in them can be
handled awfully continue to use in each
but of all these backyard operators
really shut down and if they have where
is China's domestic waste being recycled
we decide to visit what once was the
biggest Center for plastic recycling in
northern China at the when and district
and our from Beijing while processing
was officially shut down here some years
ago I've heard there's still some going
on and there are indications recycling
is happening nearby
here's another truck with plastic
pellets we've gone through the recycling
process already and they're ready to be
taken away and used for manufacturing
but if it is still happening it's well
hidden diva so no girl no nigga face
soon as I hung them are you gonna go
cytology Varma yeah
we are done Darla yeah hi or Emma
I call one of the numbers on the shop
fronts and the man tells me he's moved
his business to Inner Mongolia in
China's far north when the center was
closed
people would shift it to a more remote
area to continue their business because
we still have so much flat plastic we
didn't solve the problem it's just a
shift of the pollution from one like
very concentrated Center to a more like
dispersed villages in went on there are
cameras everywhere about half an hour
after our rival local officials turn up
whatever is going on here they don't
want us to see it so they're wanting us
to come down and have a word with them
before supposedly they'll show us one of
these local factories here we'll see
after an hour at the station the police
take us to lunch then send us on our way
they say plastic processing has all been
shut down and went on and moved to other
parts of China
back in Beijing there are some aspects
to the rubbish system the government is
keen to showcase city officials have
organized a media tour to show us how
they're dealing with Beijing space
Beijing is one of 46 cities across the
country trialing a new rubbish sorting
system government efforts so far to
convince city dwellers to sort their
waste haven't gone well Erik leo is the
lead plastics campaigner for Greenpeace
you also maybe whore to me and Sandra
know differently didn't you go on to
outshoot IV anything at all
once collected Beijing's rubbish is
compacted then trucked on to one of the
world's largest incinerators and that's
the next stop on our tour
the lewd Yosh an incinerator in the
hills west of Beijing burns about an
eighth of the city's garbage
transforming the heat into energy
according to Jung you a Zhang from the
city government each year this plant
produces the same amount of electricity
as 140,000 tonnes of coal no more
children 2005 energy - should you build
a natural woman yeah sure it's handy
Omonia scenario curvature grounder yang
your own agenda to go to go to the old
way China wants its big cities to burn
more than half their household waste by
the end of this decade but if the
rubbish isn't properly sorted there are
problems talking facilities so you Jeff
what I'll add to that - no - that's a
photographer - you're a child
- you're be told either cutting some
traction bases your RO unit John Byrne
you're doing your hot water from what we
see here today there's still a lot of
plastics in the mix
it's clear China has a long way to go
for food courier route yen it's been
another long day on the streets of
Beijing the central government is now
considering restrictions on packaging
including takeaway food containers Rajan
hasn't heard about these plans but he
agrees there needs to be change
Hanuman - Sanju DiMaggio changes on an
exam yo ho chi Chi su na Jung Joos
Russia Sanjeev Kumar Mahadeva so Soho
Corrigan Johannes Terrence Masson Jordan
about super my is a hydrogen edema
I've come back to see the rubbish pick
up one Jin dong and his nephew six weeks
earlier he told us he was worried the
local government would try to force him
out of his home
well this is a bit of a surprise since
we were here last time that completely
bricked up this line where their houses
don't even know if they're home anymore
the channel was in the yellow tag and
taken and a warrant for Tina Wang Jin
dong doesn't know how much longer their
house will remain standing but he says
whatever happens about try to stay in
Beijing so much Alan Watts know what
Xiao Lin love jnanam prohibition still
funny on Oprah no hallelujah hallelujah
with his rubbish cart bricked in Wong is
trying to support his family by picking
up casual labour jobs it's not the
future he dreams of for his nephew
Sean Holloway you who watch a little
unassigned Cara Coburn who Oliver which
issue another one of the shows the youth
of the year some fudge what a monkey on
the law you know you the user no offense
and then although - jolly yet so what I
didn't want to
China wants to make a cleaner future for
eleven-year-old mung Nam but if the
rubbish pickers disappear he could be
growing up in the country that recycles
less than it does now as the big cities
modernize the lives of those who have
done the most to keep them clean will be
more precarious than ever
you
