the Weddell Sea in Antarctica the site
of an extraordinary bid to create the
largest protected area on earth for this
special episode of Earth rise we're
going on board the Greenpeace icebreaker
Arctic sunrise following one of the
biggest campaigns in the environmental
organizations history witnessing the
spectacular biodiversity and the many
threats to life here from climate change
to overfishing as a team of scientists
photographers and ocean experts set out
to prove these vast remote waters must
become an at Arctic Ocean sanctuary
before I set off down south I'm going to
find out a little about the journey I'm
about to embark on tucked away in this
maze of old London streets something
quite extraordinary ever since I was a
boy I've been mesmerised by tales of the
Golden Age of Antarctic exploration of
the early 20th century names of polar
explorers like Roald Amundsen and
Captain Scott
well this is where some of those
expeditions came to get their Maps
you must be Phillip Curtis hello good to
see you this is a kind of treasure trove
of past exploration yeah turns out
mankind has forever been hooked on the
concept of a mysterious continent at the
end of the world this map from the 1580s
is the last of the classical world view
this is the world as it would have been
understood by the ancient Greeks and
Romans still got this great Terra
Australis namdong called Mita the
unknown southern land spin forward three
centuries to the time of men like
Captain Scott who died on his return
from the South Pole Phillip shows me a
sledging map from that expedition this
is what they actually used to place the
food depots for the attempt on the pole
it's incredible isn't here we have in
reaching the South Pole and then of
course the terrible trek back Captain
Scott died here it just demonstrates how
hard it was then just how challenging it
was then a far cry from today it's why
this period is known as the heroic age
they were truly great heroes up until
the 1920s there were probably less than
I should think 50 or 60 people had
actually ever stepped onto the continent
of course now thousands are going every
year
like many of the old explorers I first
had for Punta Arenas in southern Chile
but unlike them I'll be flying into
Antarctica to King George Island at the
northern tip here I'll join the
Greenpeace ship the Arctic sunrise and
head into the Weddell Sea with luck
we'll reach our target the 64th parallel
which marks the northern edge of the
proposed ocean sanctuary an
internationally supported marine reserve
covering 1.8 million square kilometres
that would be protected from direct
human impact like fishing oil drilling
and deep-sea mining our times have
changed immediately it's clear how
connected the outer reaches of the
Antarctic continent have become the
claim is full of tourists what was once
a grueling journey of months maybe years
now can be done in an hour and a half
with lunch and a view it's a cold murky
arrival I'm surprised at how many people
there are around dozens are coming and
going Antarctica we made it
it's like you planned it all
not so remote it's more of a transport
hub you can see lots of tourists
gathered down there taking ribs out to
inflatable boats out to meet the hair
cruise ships for their holidays and also
here a lot of research stations it's our
very first penguin just disappearing off
into the midst of the Russian
researchers with the weather closing in
we need to get a move on
so there's a little home for the next
two weeks
thank you Thanks
that'll do well we're underway
immediately heading for the proposed
ocean sanctuary there's no time to lose
not just for the Arctic sunrise winter
is not far away and the ice will soon
close in but it's also a race against
time to protect areas like the Weddell
Sea before it's too late we'll McCallum
is a Greenpeace campaign leader we're
campaigning for will be the love world's
largest protected area
it's an Antarctic Ocean sanctuary in an
area of the Weddell Sea they'll be about
five times the size of Germany the
proposal is already on the table it's
already got the backing of the EU
scientists are saying we need to protect
a third of the world's oceans at least
if we want to let fish stocks recover if
you want to mitigate against the worst
impacts of climate change and the
Antarctic is a great place to start in
October 2018 the 36 government's
responsible for the conservation of
Antarctic waters will consider the
Weddell Sea proposal the aim of the
expedition is to build the case that
this sank tree needs to happen
the hours go by and the temperature
drops significantly on the bridge
they're on high alert we're heading into
dangerous waters ten Stein's for skipper
call Rosicky you have about what they
call Bergy bits growlers and icebergs
depending on the size but they can all
damage a ship when you're steaming at
night
the key thing about ice is avoiding it
but now we're going to look for the ice
and we will intentionally go in to some
of the ice and there is room down here
now I think do push our way through a
bit all of us are here for the cause I
mean we're not here for the money we can
make a lot more money on another ship
you'll see many passenger ships down
here that I'm sure paying a lot better
but the money is one thing I get enough
to get by but I'm here the same reason
as the other people for the cause we all
get along for some reason I think cause
we're here for the same purpose
cata ball climbs into the crow's nest to
try and spot leads through the ice come
through the Antarctic sound which
covered bisects the Antarctic Peninsula
and we're now in the Weddell Sea but not
yes at the point of which they would
have protect it but to get there we've
got to get through all this ice and
there's a lot of it around and we're
finding these clear passages trying to
weave our way through the ice everyone
on board is just willing the ship to
make it into the proposed sanctuary a
big problem it's getting people to
realize why they should care about the
Antarctic you know this is wildlife that
most people have never come across will
never come across and so being able to
tell that story relies on us getting
there and realize other than us getting
the footage back and talking about the
importance of marine sanctuaries so the
fact that fish stocks will only recover
if we put these areas of limits the fact
that climate change will be not as bad
if we manage to put large areas of the
ocean off limits
darkness falls but there is no rest on
the bridge for the captain and the night
crew
floodlights on the bowels show the ship
now nudged up quietly against the ice an
intentional maneuver for the remainder
of the night but everyone is keyed up
the next day at last the Arctic sunrise
has arrived
surrounded by some of the coldest most
diverse waters there are in what's all
onboard hope may yet be the largest
protected area on the planet good news
very good news made it made it to the
six foot parallel we're sitting there
now there's uh some one other ship and
this entire space and you just go over
this side and we suddenly start getting
sort of tens of shipped both cruise
liners cargo ships fishing vessels the
moment you get through this sound is us
there and another ship about there and
that's it in that whole whole area
that's slightly scary yeah terrifying
exciting kind of just makes a case that
this is pristine this area is not
developed it's not got industry it's
never had industry sort of area that's
kind of the most untouched even within
Antarctica
looks fantastic it's incredible
what we're looking at here is multi-year
sea ice and grain icebergs that have
been carved off the glasses sweeping off
James Ross Island and the Weddell Sea
extends way into the distance proposed
area pretty much untouched by human
activity almost no scientific research
has taken place it is an incredible
sight but deeply troubling two glasses
have always collapsed and carved into
the Antarctic Ocean however with global
warming they're doing so with increasing
speed and as the ice sheets retreat sea
levels rise this right here is
humanity's problem for decades perhaps
centuries ahead
but here's a chance for Greenpeace to
tell the world what's going on from the
very top of one of the icebergs the plan
is to broadcast live from within the
proposed sanctuary zone on green pieces
Facebook page via the ship's
intermittent internet connection
once ship is in line-of-sight and we can
get the connection up for the live feed
oh it's the same old story wherever you
are in the world trying to get a
connection but then there live hi
everyone this is kind of incredible
we're live-streaming from the top of an
iceberg in the Antarctic Ocean
specifically in an area of the Weddell
Sea that we're campaigning to become an
Antarctic Ocean century you can't help
wondering what Scott and the old
explorers would have made of this
broadcasting from a drifting iceberg in
the middle of the great unknown and so a
day of scenic wonder ends with a magical
show above and a rare sight where the
Rays of the Setting Sun converge on the
other side of the world the kind of
reverse sunset
Antarctica is just spellbinding
didn't his laundry day on our third
sunrise and here's the thing we all
think that being good citizens by
wearing fleeces which made out of
recycled plastic often bottles that sort
of thing but when you wash them hundreds
of thousands of microfibers end up in
the world's oceans so here on board its
woolen and natural guards
and of course plastic pollution in our
seas is one of the biggest environmental
challenges of our time and the team
makes the most of a rare opportunity for
research these are some of the remotest
waters on the planet
so it would be a poor ITA's either they
could be plastic say so the Greenpeace
team conducted experiments taking
samples from the water to see if any
micro plastics have infiltrated this
environment just as the sea surface -
plastic fibers that may be present so
they are both taking some literally
filling some jars with water
we're certainly husband I find that he
and this is very remote waters the
Weddell Sea is a very closed drier
system and there's very few local
sources at micro plastic fibers should
be coming from however evidence is
growing around the world studies that
micro plastic the fibers are extremely
pervasive and they are being found even
in favor of both dislocations you know
it's a bizarre thing being afloat on
these wild and remote and desolate
waters feel quite exposed if you took a
GPS a Google map and zoomed out we could
be a tiny speck in this empty vast the
food of ice and water and yet beneath
the surface of this magnificent
desolation it's just teeming with life
these are some of the remotest waters on
earth and to see what lies below the
expedition's submarine is launched
onboard the Antarctic specialists
Suzanne Lockhart what she sees is a
stunning underwater realm composed of
all manner of life life not yet touched
by mankind but enormously at risk not
least from the effects of industrial
scale fishing it has a hundred cent
coverage of the seafloor of organisms
has a great 3d structure which allows
other organisms to come in and live
there and really interesting species
composition and all these factors make
it really difficult for a community to
recover after a disturbance such as
bottom fishings we call these areas
vulnerable marine ecosystems and the
estimated 14,000 species on the seabed
are vulnerable not just to fishing but
to other threats like warming sea
temperatures and plastics pollution and
that's why the expedition's all rail
research is so important in the bid to
protect these waters all the scientific
data will be compiled to form a body of
evidence in support of the sanctuary
proposal
yeah we'll have to see what we get out
of but the team needs to find out more
about the growing threats encroaching on
the region we leave the lonely waters of
the Weddell Sea heading back through the
Antarctic sound are they shaped by the
routine on board everyone has different
ways of filling spare hours from guitar
practice to running repairs and of
course cooking for all potatoes rice and
vegetables that goony properly with
other customers there are the same every
day and we share the life with them and
there's not everybody who has a view
like this in their restaurant kitchen
yeah that's why we are here
later we head for sure making landfall
on the south shetland islands near the
tip of the Antarctic Peninsula it's
quite a relief to be back on dry land
off that boats been careening around all
over the place to be welcomed by colony
of Perseus
penguins share territory with the seals
one making the most of the comfortable
feathers of the molting juveniles
but here to evidence once again of how
the world is closing in on Antarctica
the number of tourists 20 years ago was
around four to five thousand a year now
it's more like thirty thousand all like
me desperate to see this wilderness
while it's still here yet despite myself
I can't help this sense of unease and
surprise about the sheer numbers
saddened by the fact there's a great big
cruise ship there here in Pristina
Antarctica and lines of tourists going
up there's dormant volcano which is
ridiculous because it's a free world but
it does just demonstrate the new
accessibility that there is here and
then dangers these areas becoming
tainted by the footprints of humanity
next day we're steaming down the west
coast of the Antarctic Peninsula to an
area called Trinity Island where we have
seen approximately fishing
the vassals are from China Ukraine and
Chile they're fishing for krill a small
shrimp-like creature on which the whole
ecosystem depends they're a keystone of
the ocean cycle their diet of plankton
helping to transfer co2 to the depths of
the ocean but krill is being harvested
on a growing scale for fish feed and
omega-3 oil the ship's nets are out and
they're in the thick of a krill swarm
the krill are obviously densely packed
into this area up against the island
because the baits are just circling
round and round it's hoovering them up
and then the monks at all the whales are
feeding you see them blowing and whale
tails disappearing that's flippers
showing birds really about the krill
companies say they're tapping into a
resource that is sustainable but the
view on board is that that is what they
said about other species like the Bison
in North America or cod stocks off
Newfoundland before both were decimated
it's essential areas such as Weddell Sea
are protected to stocks can replenish
the proposal first area would put the
area 30 kilometres offshore off-limits
to the fishing industry so we'd say that
that's the solution you can continue to
fish in the entire ocean but keep it
outside of these areas currently being
proposed as protected areas because the
reason they've been proposed is because
they're so important for the ecosystem
down here later the Greenpeace team
enter full activism mode as the vessels
transfer their catch an opportunity for
the campaign climbers to make a point a
port is attached to an anchor the
campaigners could live inside for
several days but the ship speeds up so
the Greenpeace team decides to pull out
and call their crews back but the photos
have been sent around the world
soon we'll begin the long journey home
but there's time to make another landing
and the variety of species here on
Livingston Island is just astounding
it's like a perception party
absolutely spectacular
just a lot more diverse I mean having
two species of penguins giant petrels
elephant seals rental seals there's not
been another landing with quite a
variety and when you look at this place
from the ship is bleak and and yet you
arrive here yeah to be teeming with life
and it's thriving right now and you can
see all around us it's thriving who
knows what it was like a hundred years
ago perhaps it was doing even better but
right now it's still compared to most
other places on that it's doing a lot
better at the point of protecting is to
allow it to continue in this way we
haven't yet met this place up we have
the opportunity to protect it
there's no question that the the
dynamics of this place of Antarctica
changing you have the first seal
population expanding rapidly there was a
penguin die-off in the east last year
the ice is changing krill populations
are under threat there's tourism I mean
this is the last great wilderness on
earth it needs protecting
it's time to head back and for five days
we cross the stormy seas of the Drake
Passage to South America an opportunity
to consider the wonder of what we've
seen and the challenges that lie ahead
in winning the protection of a precious
part of our planet where the elements
would make you feel insignificant
so this is the infamous great passage
six meter waves right now 70 kilometer
an hour winds but they tell me that this
is quite mild compared to put it
normally is their landings over there
that the Civic is over there this is
where both oceans converge southern Cape
Horn and the weather just keeps rolling
in
finally we pass into the Magellan Strait
our expedition over and landfill is made
in Chile this is by no means over and
we've got a long way until see exactly
what this one has achieved I can sort of
list off the various things I'm proud
that we've done they you know we've got
rare aerial footage of the Weddell Sea
Sanctuary area we've done dives and
places where no humans have seen the
part of those parts of the seabed that's
one of the big things I think we're
trying to is making this place
accessible for people and we can bring
that story back into people's living
rooms and making the case in as public
and as accessible a way to really
elevate the debate to where it needs to
be
it's all building momentum towards
getting to a place where it's easy and
we don't have to launch these huge
campaigns in order to persuade
governments to put huge areas of the
ocean off limits because it's just
common sense we've made the case people
have spoken up politician doesn't have
the mandate and we just go for it
winning sanctuary status for pristine
areas like the Weddell Sea takes
enormous international commitment but
it's very evident from my time on board
that the drive and the will exists to
make it happen and that should give us
optimism the places like the Weddell Sea
can survive we can be protected that
that sheer effort that determination
that commitment to save the environment
exists against all the odds
you
