now by 2050 the number of disabled
people in the world is expected to reach
940 million in the last part of our
series looking at global disability
access and Ivorian artists speaks to us
about the difficulties he faces and his
hopes for the future better Lee Adama my
name is cherry Adama I am a painter
fallen a true my painting is based on
nature and villages to show everyone
that it is nature that feeds me with
these beautiful colors on a sky it all
gives me strength to live I paint small
and large paintings and people come to
pay but I can't judge you know who do
you know nobody not even the government
thinks of us about means of transport we
must fight like everyone else there are
no toilets for the disabled in this
country but my friends and brothers help
to clean the toilet for me before going
there it is very hard for me because in
my wallet when the toilet is not clean
I get rashes from the family
it hurts me a lot in Africa many people
denigrate the disabled Endicott means
nothing by an Endicott be interpreted an
art it for me being disabled is in the
head my dream is to create a Center for
the disabled to train I would like
people to help me realize my biggest
dream
