Ellicott City in Maryland for a time its
Main Street turned into a raging river
after torrential rains fell on Sunday
cars were washed away and property
damaged as authorities continue to look
for a missing man who was reportedly
helping rescue people floodwaters are
now receding and a huge cleanup
operation is underway Sam here is still
recovering from similar floods almost
two years ago I don't think I'm without
exaggeration saying that this is worse
than July 30th of 2016 I can just tell
you my heart is broken thinking about
what the people had gone through here
and the people's lives who were
devastated two years ago and were they
rebuilt and now they're faced with the
same daunting task again on the coasts
of Florida Alabama and Mississippi a
state of emergency has been declared as
the first named storm of the hurricane
season approaches subtropical storm
Alberto is expected to bring tidal
surges high winds and may even trigger
tornadoes as it makes its way inland
some areas mandatory evacuation orders
are in place be very very very careful
out there you know we're gonna get a lot
of rain so if the rains gonna come down
hard some places so if here if you're
needing to travel just make sure you're
very cautious about that and I mean for
sure don't drive under standing water
we're gonna we have a chance for flash
flooding that we've got a chance to
tornadoes so just follow local weather
the 2018 Atlantic hurricane season
doesn't officially start until Friday
although far from being classed a
hurricane forecasters say the effects of
Alberto will be felt across the
southeast of the US for days to come and
the Gallacher al Jazeera
