the search for mh370 has been an
emotional journey for the families of
the 298 people on board the plane when
it disappeared
race Nathan's mother was a passenger she
has been following the investigation
closely at one point she along with
other relatives of mh370 passengers
traveled to Madagascar to look for
debris from the aircraft the trip
yielded few answers like the numerous
searches over the past four years it's
definitely gone beyond our closure it
has become more about them keeping their
promises it's about accountability and
above all it is about prevention of
something like this from happening again
it is completely unacceptable that we
have no idea how a plane vanished into
thin air a three year long search by
Australian Chinese and Malaysian
investigators covering 120,000 square
kilometers ended in January last year
under pressure from the families of
those on board the flight the Malaysian
government reopened the investigation
twelve months later this time signing a
70 million dollar no find no fee deal
with a u.s. exploration company ocean
infinity has been using one of the
world's most advanced civilian survey
vessels to scan more than 80,000 square
kilometers of the southern Indian Ocean
but the mission has yet to reveal any
significant clues the echo is now six
thousand meters under underwater okay
there are lots of earthquakes down there
okay lots of strong current movements
and we don't know if it has broken up or
so and so forth if it has then we need
to know what section has gone where 14
different nationalities were on board
the Boeing triple7 but more than half of
the passengers were from China Shanghai
still hopes to find out what happened to
his mother who was travelling home to
Beijing he has written a letter to
Mahathir Mohamad urging Malaysia's Prime
Minister to pursue a long-term search
for songs yet I firmly believe mh370
will be found technology wise we see the
efficiency has been raised almost 10
times in another three or four years it
will be easier and cheaper and more
efficient to do the search
the recently elected malaysian
government cites budgetary constraints
for its decision to stop looking for the
plane but families of the mh370
passengers say the 200 million dollar
cost of the search so far doesn't even
come up to the price tag of a brand-new
Boeing triple7 the rego Palin al Jazeera
Kuala Lumpur
