serene B Mendez a sri lankan player and
Turanga indica assistant manager of
Gaulle International Stadium were
suspended hours after Al Jazeera's
investigation into cricket corruption
was broadcast we have taken all
necessary action you know to show the
world that we are on top of it and that
we are not encouraging and this type of
things we will not tolerate even in the
past or in the future
India described on camera how he
doctored the go cricket pitch to fix the
results of two international Test
matches Sri Lanka against India last
year and another game against Australia
in 2016 the Australia match raised
suspicions at the time and raises
important questions about England's
planned game at Gore Stadium in November
the grounds weren't told Al Jazeera that
he could fix the result of that match
and Deccan maintains he's innocent and
the player to rindy Mendes declined to
comment on the allegations meanwhile
cricket boards in Australia and England
are investigating wider claims made in
the film by an Indian gambling syndicate
that it could bribe international
players to fix scores both the Australia
and England teams deny any wrongdoing
England Test captain Joe root said I'm
aware that there was a documentary and
it's outrageous that our players have
been accused all the players have the
full backing of the ECB the
International Cricket Council is now
facing a major investigation into
corruption in cricket in three different
countries David Harrison al-jazeera
