Colombia's peace deal could be at risk a
fierce critic of the agreement with FARC
rebels is in pole position to be
President if avenged ok wins the next
boat
will it reunite an armed conflict that
saw more than 200,000 people killed over
five decades this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Hoshi mahabhava
Colombia's presidential election race is
the most divisive in decades two
candidates at opposite ends of the
political spectrum white wing even Duque
leads after the first round well ahead
of leftist Gustavo Petro at stake in the
second round vote is the future of the
peace deal signed by the government and
FARC rebels in 2016
decays opposed it's saying it's too
lenient on FARC Petro backed it but will
he get the support of the wavering
voters we'll talk to our guests in a
moment but first our Latin America
editor
Lucia Newman reports from Bogota
conservative candidate even Buki came in
ahead in the first round with 39 percent
of the votes
supported by Colombians who want to
modify a historic peace accord with FARC
rebels which many see as a reward for
terrorists because I am sure hope
supersedes class hatred but he'll be
facing his political and physicists
former Bogota mayor Gustavo Petro when
his use was a left-wing urban guerrilla
this is what we're going to talk about
at the ballot boxes in 15 days it's a
return to violence or it's building an
era of peace Petra supporters believe he
can deliver on the promise of health
education and social justice for
millions of disenfranchised Colombians
in what is one of the world's most
socially unequal countries the old the
mothers like me who needed help I always
had his support when he was mayor I
trust and believe in him
opponents warn he'll turn Colombia into
a new Venezuela or Cuba he is deeply
distrusted by the political and economic
establishment but dukkha to raises
concerns among moderates I have no doubt
that if he wins he'll extradite the FARC
leaders and end the peace process the
same thing that happened in the Middle
East after agreements were violated will
happen here what's clear is that
Colombians will be going to the polls
again choose between two radically
different options for their future see
you Newman al Jazeera Bogota the 2016
deal was originally rejected in a
referendum but the Colombian government
managed to hammer out a revised version
that includes the following main points
FARC moves an estimated 7,000 fighters
from its hideouts in the mountains into
this armament camps set up by the United
Nations FARC will then become a
political party its weapons melted down
to build three peace monuments special
courts will look into crimes committed
during the conflict those who confess
get a reduced sentence a fund will be
set up for land to be distributed to
those displaced during the conflict fuck
to stop the drug production that few of
the conflict why the government provides
alternative sources of revenue for coca
growers let's bring in our guests
joining us in Washington DC jimenez
sanchez a colombian human rights
advocate at the washington office on
Latin America and also in Washington
Peter Hakim president emeritus and
senior fellow of the inter-american
dialogue warm welcome to your let me
start by asking him a nervous I mean
even Duke a first followed by Gustavo
Pedro
any indication
what would the second term or runoff
look like well I think it's really going
to determine who the folks who voted for
said he'll for hardo decide to go with
but what we have right now is a panorama
of very different points of views and
who wins is going to greatly determine
how Columbia decides to take things in
the future in terms of the peace deal
we know that Yvonne Duque is has stated
that while he will follow through it the
peace accord he plans to make some major
reforms in it he's also planning to
unify the judicial system in Colombia
which would greatly undermine the
special jurisdiction for peace while
Gustavo Petro is more than likely to
continue in the same vein when it comes
to the issue of the peace process pizza
why does event okay looks like the man
likely to secure a comfortable win in
the runoff I think I think you're right
I think that Yvonne Duque is going to
very likely win this runoff I find it
hard to imagine that Petra was going to
gain even a majority of those that
didn't vote for him in the first round I
think that majority will go to Duque
pluses forty percent already in the
polls I think he has a comfortable route
to victory and the reason is simple
people are looking for somebody who can
begin to manage a terribly difficult
situation and Gustavo Petro is much more
of an ideological figure or person who
is not known for his managerial for his
governing capabilities he was mayor of
Bogota had some run-ins there Evon Duque
looks like the more steady hand now the
question I think that everyone now has
in mind is basically what what's next
for the peace deal with the FARC if
okay Wayans Jimenez do you think that
Duke a would scrap the deal if he
becomes president of Colombia
I don't think he'll explicitly scrap the
deal because the international community
has made it very clear that they want
the peace process to move forward
however he can seriously take actions
that undermine it one of them would be
changing the transitional justice
component of it including taking doing
through constitutional amendments taking
out the ten seats that the FARC has in
the Congress and also taking a very hard
line approach on the drug policy issues
which the Accord the drug party the
Accord basically tried to find
alternatives to a more fumigation and
security led approach to addressing the
coca issues so I think that those two
things would be very much very different
he can also decide just not to put his
political will and resources behind the
Accord and that would in essence
basically weaken it the reason why I'm
asking this and I'm asking the same
question to Peter you have someone who
has the backing of Alvaro Uribe of the
conservative establishment many people
are very skeptical of the landmark 2016
peace deal do you think that Duque would
seize the opportunity and say the deal
is a turn chapter my view is somewhat
different my sense of vivan Duque
clearly he is an ally of Alvaro Uribe he
clearly gained his his current victory
in part because of the support for
Alvaro Uribe who was still Colombia's
most popular politician my guess however
is that the problem is not in whether
he's going to change or not the peace
accord the question is how is the peace
accord going to be managed
one manuel santos made a great advance
he made great accomplishment
in getting the peace treaty signed
getting the FARC to disarm or most of
the FARC to disarm but the fact is he
now has a approval rating of 14 percent
in the polls which largely comes from
his poor management poor implementation
of the peace agreement there's just so
much undone in the peace agreement why
don't guess is that and Ivonne Duque is
going to be more likely to try and begin
to manage this in a way that moves the
process along that begins to reset on
those people that had to flee the
violence that begins to deal with the
criminality that has crept into areas
that were managed by the FARC there
needs to be a huge infrastructure to
begin to create an economy and much of
that that region and then you're going
to have the Venezuelans who are fleeing
from Venezuela who are in Colombia in
large numbers I see by management tasks
I mean I mean Duque has been concerned
about two points in particular what he
described as a leniency towards those
who committed atrocities and also the
land reform but what would be the
reaction of the FARC leaders if they
sense that Duque is trying to undermine
the deal
well I think that precisely if we looked
at who the majority of the folks voted
for Gustavo Petro those are the very
areas of the country especially the
Pacific Coast and La Guajira of folks
that been hardest hit by the conflict
those are the folks that basically voted
YES on the peace referendum and for them
implementing the peace deal doesn't mean
just large-scale infrastructure projects
or having a better management but
actually getting the state into those
areas to meet their basic needs and
services and for the coca farmers more
than anything that means having
opportunities to be able to do something
else I'm not too certain that Yvonne's
duque perception of the
economy is in that direction I think his
perception of the economy is more to do
more of the same and to think more in
terms of transnationally and commercial
interests that Crown Columbia's borders
unless the rural areas where that is
most needed okay although due care
remains a leading candidate now
according to the latest force but
however petrol still stands a chance
that this is why I'm like to ask the
question to mr. Hakeem what if Petro
decides to strike a deal with Sergio
Fajardo would that change things on the
ground I'm not sure they are very
compatible with one another for Carlo is
a genuine centrist a very again
practical pragmatic person who has and
innovated enormous Lee and his eight
years as mayor and governor in Colombia
and my guess is that there's no real
basis Fajardo just won't go along with
sort of the ideological persuasions the
ideological basis of Gustavo Petro
mm-hmm I mean we're talking about
someone about Petra who has been a
former guerrilla fighter is there a
chance for himself to reinvent his his
his political identity now strike a deal
with her here for her to reach out of
the swing voters could that pave the way
for him to stand a solid chance to win
the election I think that's highly
unlikely and I agree with mr. Hakim that
I don't think Fajardo and his coalition
is going to change radically what their
positioning has been no I think he's
going to probably continue with the same
vein of trying to convince people of his
human Colombia and of more social issues
and and that kind of thing but I don't
think that beyond perhaps
on the issue of corruption a bit further
that he's going to make radical changes
to his campaign
Peter now Duque is going to face many
challenges if he gets the the votes with
basically maintaining the PSD but we'll
also need to talk a little bit about
economy there are many issues which are
now triggering massive concerns among
the Colombians implementing taxes
reducing taxes on companies the man is
seen as more - worse mining explorations
in the country is is he likely to bring
back a solid economy that could answer
some of the concerns of the Colombian
people well my own sense is that that
first of all Colombia is doing somewhat
better this year the past few months
then it had been and there's some sense
of optimism at least among some of the
analysts on on Colombia's economy the
task is immense for not only for
Colombia but for most of the rest of
Latin America at this point and it faces
challenges from within and of course the
Venezuelan refugees are not going to be
a simple problem to resolve Ivonne Duque
does have quite a bit of experience I
think that Jimenez right the government
does have to get very deeply involved in
these rural areas who which have been
uncovered for many many years
land ownership is in disarray
titles to land criminality and the only
solution to all that is to involve the
government and I would be surprised
given even dukey's history and politics
and at the inter-american Development
Bank that he doesn't know that and won't
find the very
talented team of people to begin to work
on the problem but it's really
implementing and setting a basis for a
real economy a safer part of the country
Colombia is basically in a very messy
situation at this point okay Ximena
Duque is is has been campaigning on a
platform of a market friendly economics
but if you look at the results of the
first round of the election there's also
some discontent among people who believe
that openness to worse mining big
companies is undermining the basic
tenets of the Colombian economies isn't
this something that could pose some
challenges for decay as he tries to win
the hearts and minds of the poor
community yes I think that he's going to
face major challenges in the Pacific
region the northern Caribbean region and
La Guajira I mean the Waheeda is all
carbon mining and it's a situation where
you have indigenous children dying of
malnutrition because of poor
distribution of water as well as other
natural causes in the Pacific region for
example just last year and the most
important port for Colombia the one
that's for 60% exports and imports the
port of one event duda the people of
Buenaventura
basically shut it down in a Pacific
Civic strike for 22 days why because all
of the FTAs that were assigned by
Colombia have been doing great in
generating more income for the national
companies and for investors and
multinationals but we see that the
people actually living there the 500,000
of them don't even have access to
potable water they don't have a hospital
that can give them the attention
required and they don't have basic
sanitation so I think that Duque is
going to have to do a big job in trying
to bridge that divide I mean that
distribution of the wealth of Colombia
which is one of the main reasons why you
have conflict in the country this is why
he's continued to have illegal economies
throughout the country and those illegal
economies do lead to a lot of violence
in the past year we had more than 170
social leaders killed by these illegal
armed groups so he's going to have to
really stop just courting bogota in the
big interest but have to court the
afro-colombians the indigenous and and
the rural farmers if he wants to be able
to govern in these areas Pizza the
Venezuelan crisis is it playing to
Decay's advantage probably and that's
why many of much many of his supporters
have tried to link petrol to Maduro and
chavez and that this is going to turn
into another venezuela if he's elected
yeah I think that Colombians look of
course the border they see someone who
Gustavo Petro had a certain ideological
affinity for and yes it it does help
Yvan Duque can I add to that that I
think Jimenez precisely right in other
words it's not simply a question of
getting the overall economy working it's
making sure it's working for the large
majority of Colombians there's no
question that Lots parts of Colombia are
dirt poor and deserve a whole lot better
mm-hmm Havana we likely to say to see
decay trying to pursue the same policies
followed by his carried out by his
predecessor particularly when it comes
to signing deals with other guerrilla
groups particularly the ELN I think that
in the case of the dialogues with the
ELN the patients in Colombia has really
run out and I think that he's probably
not going to take the same approach as
Santos and I think that they're the ELN
is going to really have to make a
decision as to whether it's going to be
serious about
this process or not and whether it's
going to unify its different fronts in
favor of peace or not I think that the
ELN has very much used as an excuse the
fact that the Colombian peace process
with the FARC hasn't fully been
implemented in order to continue out
with a lot of very serious activities
and a lot of abuses and I don't think
that Duke is going to have the same
approach so I think that we may see some
changes there it's also worth mentioning
that there is another group that EPL
which is also on the border with
Venezuela and very much involved in
narco trafficking this group which was
several years ago thought to basically
be done has really been growing in
strength and that's also a threat to
Colombian stability especially in the
border region with all of the dynamics
taking place with the migration and the
insecurity along there pizza you have
the leadership of the fork which is
saying that basically the government is
backtracking all the promises it's made
in the past Duque is braced to become
next president he seems to be willing to
pursue a very aggressive agenda the
eland could be very skeptical about what
could happen in the near future is
Colombia moving towards further violence
and instability well I think that first
the peace treaty was an enormous step
forward whether you agree with the
details of the peace treaty or not I
think one has to recognize and I think
whoever as president the Colombia has to
recognize that they have to now operate
within a within the peace treaty in
other words it would be absolutely nuts
to sort of break the treaty and you know
give the FARC back their guns and let's
start fighting again
the peace treaty is an enormous Liebig
step and I think that the ELN has no
support in the country whatsoever there
looked on as a bunch of thugs
and they can either accept an agreement
more essentially there they will be
pushed further and further out and and
be destroyed
Himeno talking about the aurora areas
where the expectations among the poor
communities are high in terms of land
reform infrastructure social development
programs where can the president the
next president of Colombia get enough
funding and budget to implement those
programs that are seen as crucial for
stability of the country well Colombia
is a middle-income country in Colombia
is not a poor country it's a matter of
distribution but for a lot of these
areas especially if we're talking about
the Pacific coast
you really get you really need to get at
the issue of corruption as well because
mismanagement corruption has gone a long
way in getting rid of the budgets that
were there and has led to state
intervention in places like the Chaco
and and so forth so I think that
transparency and corruption need to be
at the top of the agenda first before
you even start asking for more loans or
even upping the budgets and then
secondly I think there needs to be more
reaching out to the traditional
authorities and that I mean the ethnic
groups the afro-colombian and indigenous
groups that feel that they have never
been part of any of these economies they
feel that it's always been Outsiders
coming in and taking their resources and
doing everything without taking them
into account I think that there needs to
be a negotiation like the one that took
place during the peace agreement where
you have an ethnic chapter that gives
credibility to these authorities and
brings them in basically for the
economic projects throughout these areas
if you want them to succeed and if you
really want to get buy-in from those
communities Jimenez on chance mr. huckey
and thank you very much indeed for your
time and contribution to the program and
thank you too for watching you can see
the program again anytime by visiting
our website aljazeera.com for further
discussion go to our face
Paige that's facebook-dot-com
forward-slash AJ insight sorry you can
also join the conversation on twitter
our handle is at AJ inside story for me
hash mark but on the whole team here bye
for now
you
