Haslem Abdul Azim once campaign for
president Abdul Fattah el-sisi
but he since called support of Sisi his
biggest sin and has been vocal about his
opposition on Sunday he was arrested
we've seen a number of bloggers
journalists and other prominent human
rights defenders and civil society
activists who in the last years since
the government of CC has come to power
have been brought in on charges or
sometimes in pretrial detention without
any charges basically because they are
critical of the government bloggers well
Abbas was a longtime critic of the
government and internationally
recognized for his work he was detained
last week in a pre-dawn raid this recent
spate of arrests of bloggers journalists
and opposition figures may be linked to
a government measure that could anger
many Egyptians grappling with a weak
economy and high inflation the
government feels the consequences of
steps it plans to take in July when part
of the fuel and electricity subsidies
will be lifted we have seen an
embarrassing rehearsal when the
government increased the metro tickets
and people broke their fear and express
their anger reporters without borders
calls Egypt one of the world's biggest
prisons for journalists at least 34 are
behind bars including Al Jazeera
journalist Mahmoud Hussein
since CeCe led the coalition that
removed the democratically elected
president Mohamed Morsi from power in
2013 human rights groups say the
government has waged a systematic
campaign of crushing criticism one voice
at a time supporters say tough security
policies are needed to bring stability
especially as the government fights
armed groups in the Sinai Peninsula and
journalists and bloggers know that this
is in difficult environments in Egypt
but nonetheless even today people are
tweeting people will continue to speak
out but with few independent media
outlets left and many journalists and
activists jailed people have no choice
but to hear the government's message
very clearly
Natacha guy named Al Jazeera
