several times a week
Alexandros Minamata these sings for his
summer he earns about twenty dollars an
hour
four times as much as in his regular
part-time job as a shoe salesman with
two sources of income
he helps support the household he grew
up in but he cannot invest in his own
future five years ago he enrolled in a
robotics degree course at Cal G the
Polytechnic two hours drive from Athens
but he can't afford to rent an apartment
there so his studies are progressing
slowly allow me here or at the present
rate it will take me another 10 years to
graduate I'll be 35 and at that age it
will be really difficult to find a job
in my area of expertise he's one of the
many victims of salary cuts averaging
15% during the economic crisis creditors
demanded cuts to make the economy more
competitive the official minimum wage is
now 690 dollars a month before tax but
experts say the salary cuts weren't
effective in the absence of other
reforms while salary cuts should have
led to a cut in the prices of products
and services they didn't because product
markets are to a great extent monopolies
or oligopolies we have a large number of
multinationals operating in this country
which didn't lower the cost of their
products they benefited from the salary
cuts but they didn't become more
competitive half of all new jobs are
part-time or seasonal and that still
leaves 20% of workers unemployed around
a million Greeks and there is so much
underemployment the labor institute
Greece's leading employment think tank
says the real jobless total is closer to
27% but the worst effect of the crisis
is loss of income the dramatic drop in
incomes has created a class of working
poor the risk of poverty has doubled
during the crisis to 35% of the
population that's a rate unmatched
anywhere in Western Europe and it is
twice as high among working age adults
and the children who depend on them as
is his among pensioners many Greeks such
as Nima TVs no longer see the point in
learning skills or higher education
Greeks are forced to accept jobs they're
overqualified for which leads many to go
abroad
the labour Institute says government
leaders need new policies to encourage
entrepreneurship and employment entice
companies to lower their prices and for
the cost of labor to fall without
serious reforms like these many Greeks
fear for all their education they'll
likely remain the buskers of Europe
jumps our applause al Jazeera Athens
