Conservative candidate Yvonne Dookie
came in ahead in the first round with 39
percent of the votes
supported by Colombians who want to
modify a historic peace accord with FARC
rebels which many see as a reward for
terrorists because I am sure hope
supersedes class hatred but he'll be
facing his political and pissis former
bogota mayor Gustavo Petro who in his
youth was a left-wing urban guerrilla
this is what we're going to talk about
at the ballot boxes in 15 days it's a
return to violence or it's building an
era of peace petrol supporters believe
he can deliver on the promise of health
education and social justice for
millions of disenfranchised Colombians
in what is one of the world's most
socially unequal countries the old the
mothers like me who needed help I always
had his support when he was mayor I
trust and believe in him
opponents warn he'll turn Colombia into
a new Venezuela or Cuba he is deeply
distrusted by the political and economic
establishment but dukkha to raises
concerns among moderates I have no doubt
that if he wins he'll extradite the FARC
leaders and end the peace process the
same thing that happened in the Middle
East after agreements were violated will
happen here what's clear is that
Colombians will be going to the polls
again to choose between two radically
different options for their future
looking see a Newman al Jazeera Bogota
