South Africa's president serial runup
also says his bringing reforms
opposition parties insist he must do
more to end corruption so a hundred days
after he came to office what has Rama
Costa achieved and what challenges lie
ahead this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
fully battable South Africa's fifth
democratically elected president serial
Ramaphosa is marking 100 days in office
he came to power after Jacob Zuma was
forced to resign after years of
corruption allegations Rama polska was
elected in February following his
victory as leader of the ruling ANC
party in December he made a number of
promises and commitments during his
first State of the Nation Address
including improving the economy and
fighting corruption
so how has he fed we'll put that to our
guests in just a moment but first
Malcolm Webb has our report from
Johannesburg they called it Rama forea
the reaction of many South Africans when
Cyril Ramaphosa became president in
February things had gone from bad to
worse for his predecessor Jacob Zuma his
eight years were blighted by a series of
corruption scandals last year people
protested calling for him to step down
he eventually resigned under pressure
from his own party Rama poza has been
promising to clean up ever since this is
the year in which we will turn the tide
on corruption in our public institutions
he began with a cabinet reshuffle some
of the controversial ministers of the
Zuma years were out but others stayed
including this man Malusi Dagobert now
Minister of Home Affairs leaked
documents linked him to major corruption
scandals
he denied involvement but it seems Rama
poza has helped investor confidence
South Africa's currency the rand and its
credit ratings have stabilized since he
took over but the political opposition
says it's not enough I haven't seen
anybody going to jail for the corruption
trial or corruption in South Africa all
we hearing him is paying lip service to
corruption and say he's going to do this
and he's going to do that hundred days I
haven't seen anybody been arrested yet
last month
Rama poza cut short a trip to a
Commonwealth summit in London when
people protested in the northwest
province he demanded the governor as new
a lie to step down over poor delivery of
public services a frequently recurring
issue in South Africa another key issue
is land since apartheid most of it still
belongs to the white minority many black
people are landless under pressure from
opposition in February ram opposes ANC
supported emotion in Parliament to try
and amend the constitution to allow
government expropriation of land without
payment historically the ANC's rhetoric
has been radical with politicians
promising redistributions of wealth but
in practice its economic policies a
centrist in that respect in spite of the
talk of land redistribution things
haven't really changed much on the
Ramapo sir he's been on the boards of
several corporations there's widely seen
as a friend to big business with
presidential elections due next year Ram
opposes performance in the months ahead
will determine if the ANC can still win
the majority it's always enjoyed Malcolm
Webb al Jazeera Johannesburg South
Africa
I let's not get thoughts of our guests
joining us in Johannesburg Libba hang
Peck Oh who's a senior research fellow
at trade collective in Washington DC we
have me equate a an independent Africa
policy analysts and former executive
director for Africa action and also in
Johannesburg grant Madison a senior
program manager at the electoral
Institute for sustainable democracy in
Africa a warm welcome to you all thank
you for being on Inside Story
LeBron if I can start with you serial
drama poster started his presidency with
much optimism not just on the markets
but even in a national mood so what's
more out of ten would you give him for
these first 100 days in office a
middling five so far he hasn't been
decisive enough he's had he hasn't had a
very good pilot with which to work and
certainly haven't tried to deal with the
current internal friction and the
factionism within the ANC seems to be
hampering his work and his approach is
quite you know to port diplomacy makes
them appear slightly indecisive at times
but I mean I think a middle in five is
fair enough under the circumstances okay
so a five for LeBron what about you near
quite a in Washington what strong
opposes scorecard what do you make his
of his performance so far yes thanks for
having me as well and of course I do
concede to my two colleagues because
they live at the center of the axiom
thousands of miles away and put in that
handicap on I will give him about a
seven but the point to be stressed for
me is that this is only a hundred days
it is it is an artificial time timeframe
he has about ten years to go if
everything goes well under the
Constitution so this is not even the end
of the first round and for me the major
major major issue I had all the ones
listed but I think land looms over
everything else more than the akan
me and more than the corruption issue
okay well we'll focus on the issues in
just a few minutes but I want to get
grants view first so Brant we heard a
five from LeBron a seven from me equity
how what would you give Cyril Ramaphosa
for these first 100 days how would you
rate him
I think I'd split the difference and I'd
give seroma poser six I think he's he
has taken a singular significant step in
getting rid of the Asajj Commissioner
Tom well Johnny and he's promised action
in regard to me Johnny but I think I
would be tending towards labor Hong's
view that we've heard a lot of talk and
we've been a little bit fed on action
certainly the kind of action that will
strike fear into the kind of people who
are guilty of corruptions that we get at
this stage they're still sitting pretty
and so at this stage I can give him a
six for some of the action that is taken
but certainly I would be leading more
towards labor hyung than Tony if if I'm
going to be particularly severe on the
president okay well let's now focus on
some of the key issues and and the
promises he's made as we saw in
Malcolm's report fighting corruption was
at the top of the agenda drama poster
started with a cabinet reshuffle just 11
days after he took office but has been
criticized for keeping some ANC party
members implicated in corruption his
government has launched an inquiry into
the influence of private interests on
the state including the alleged
corruption of the wealthy Gupta business
Sammy and Rafa has brought in sweeping
changes for some state-owned companies
including appointing new board members
so let's bring in LeBron once again in
Johannesburg his first big test LeBron
off force came with the protests in the
northwest in April northwest province
and you know the accusations against the
state governor they're the premier
rather of you know abusing of state
resources and having links to the
powerful Gupta family how do you think
cereal Ramaphosa has handled the issue
of state capture and corruption so far
do you think he's taking the right steps
our investigations being allowed the
look of yes certainly I mean the one
thing the changes to the Esk on board
management structure there the
commission of inquiry into state capture
the decision to charge the Gupta
brothers for corruption and damning and
and their physical exit from South
Africa has made for very good optics and
a great morale booster they were seen as
a become a metaphor for much of what is
wrong
without our governance certainly the
investigation was of St Naderi and the
Northwest mobile clinic scandals and as
my colleague has mentioned the
suspension of the sales commissioner who
is seen as one of the the jacob zuma
enablers in in key state institutions
and of course the removal of a sex crime
intelligence and his replacement and and
of course the new the new that the
appointment of a new national
commissioner of the of the SAPS and
lastly and at this and we shouldn't lose
this the reinstitution of corruption
charges against our former President
Clinton Zuma so certainly there's been
robust action unfortunately we are in
South Africa in the habit of institution
commission which tend to which often go
Norway in particular and you know
there's incredible attrition things
dragged on and on and by the time
anybody notices we've forgotten what it
was the Commission was about in the
first place at the expense of taxpayers
so we hope thought we hope for
actionable and finite conclusions that's
what we need but do you think LeBron
that he has targeted or his government
has targeted the right people when it
comes to fighting corruption look it's
such a huge pie where do you begin I
think he means then you have to start
somewhere he and he and the government
have started somewhere notwithstanding
that I would have liked to see some of
the people in the you know shuttled out
of the current cabinet I mean a few key
appointments who remained but I believe
that mainly being as a specific one
what's his name uh Lucy Q GABA being
another person that I think many of us
would have liked to see you go out key
booked
Akif seen as a key book to enabler so I
think you can he has to he is also
battling with internal party political
factions and remember that he's not only
the president of the country he's also
the person of the ANC which is quite
tricky yeah he is having to deal with
the divisions still within the ANC isn't
he grant what do you think he's done on
corruption grant he's has he done enough
of course as LeBron mentioned the Gupta
family has been
charge but they have yet to be brought
to justice do you think enough is being
done to have them extradited it and have
them actually face justice in South
Africa yeah the Guptas will loom large
over corruption fighting in South Africa
for quite some time and I think that
really as far as from a poser is
concerned if we can see the groups as
inside a South African courtroom facing
charges putting their version of the
events which they've always claimed
they've never been charged for and that
they've been tried in the media
repeatedly if we can see them inside a
courtroom answering to those charges
defending those charges that would
certainly be a real cherry on top of the
corruption busting efforts but I think
that in terms of where we are right now
rom apposite does seem to have started
the relatively low hanging fruit that
these these are public officials whom
the president can dismiss through the
Constitution empowers him to reappoint
some of the tougher ones are certainly
going to be the people sitting alongside
him in the African National Congress
people who he relies on for his
political influence both within the ANC
and within the national government and I
think that those are the much much
prickly a fruit that he has to figure
out how he's going to challenge them
certainly some of the ministers who are
still serving are there because they are
politically important and they have
political constituency and so dealing
with people like but repeatedly Meany
Milewski Garba is going to be a lot
tougher than getting rid of the SARS
Commissioner or appointing a new head of
the police okay let's hear from me
equity in Washington need you think he
can get rid of corruption entirely the
new president of South Africa some say
that would mean having to get rid of the
entire agency precisely I agree with
what my two colleagues have said and and
again because they are in the middle of
the action but but and so I agree I
don't disagree with anything but I will
throw in a word of caution number one as
you mentioned fully I mean the question
is get rid of Karoshi entirely there is
no country in the world that can get rid
of Karoshi entirely how do you even
define it in the first place and in the
second place there is also the issue of
justice the
of law accusations should not mean just
being punished they'll have to go
through the trials and with evidence and
people have a right to defend themselves
because they are innocent until proven
guilty
we are again it's only a hundred days so
the idea that okay he hasn't fired any
person he hasn't put anybody in jail
worries me evidence should be taken to
court but I also want to underline as I
mentioned that look for me the issue in
South Africa South Africa has a lot of
problems I'm far away I look at the
international and I want to move on to
another issue now let's move on yeah
let's move on to the other issue because
there are a lot of them as you say and I
want to get your thoughts on all of them
as many as we can anyway let's move on
to the economy now and Cyril Ramaphosa
promised to overhaul South Africa's
economy and this is what he's done so
far
it's currency the ran strengthened
against the dollar as soon as Rama's
poster was elected he appointed an voice
to attract a hundred billion dollars in
foreign investments and struck a deal
worth 75 million seventy two rather
million dollars with the UK South
Africa's Business Confidence Index has
hit a three-year high up by 11 points
this year and the government has
increased the rate of its value-added
tax to 15 percent the first in 25 years
LeBron he seems to be saying all the
right things when it comes to the
economy but can he implement them yeah I
mean look what is good he's good optics
but substantively so far I think the
markets have responded I mean I think
that the level of relief and exhaling
the post our post presence remote it
wasn't it was that he said incredibly
low benchmark there's he things that
President Obama coursing has promised us
he's promised us jobs using a you know a
job summit his promises an investment
conference he said he's gonna revive the
manufacturing sector then there's
something called the youth that you can
comment strategy something like that
even to Premiership strategy yet yes he
wants to support black industrialists
and so it's called the youth employment
service initiative you know in facto
structures of development and cost small
do business development all
the right notes there's nothing society
knew about most of this but I think the
people's in the pudding the
implementation and what I have been
watching with um Spurs about our process
since she said that his intention to
become part of state president was how
how is this all going to happen I mean
he talks about a new deal which doesn't
look very different to the old deal but
what did what he brings to it is the
gravitas confidence and gravitas for the
business community and the international
community which is where South Africa
lost a lot of its standing over the past
ten years okay grant in Johannesburg
what do you make of what Ron poza has
done so far to improve the economy the
v80 increase of 15% the first in 25
years was that a good idea well that
certainly is quite punitive for for the
average South African the cost of living
for the average African has been going
up and up enough as the government's Mel
administration and the corruption in
government has taken its toll and this
has forced more and more people to rely
on government social grants this has
forced more people to rely on the
services that the government provides in
terms of public health care and public
education so that increases felt a
little bit like a slap in the face given
the cause of the the increase was
largely for spending in governance and
that Biggs did attend to agree with me
on on the economy certainly because
economies don't change overnight we've
seen a bump in business confidence but
we're seeing that start to normalize now
we see a flash of enthusiasm for
investment and that's also starting to
to take pause now to take stock of these
fundamentals underlying traffics economy
and as an emerging market economy if you
compare South Africa to its peers in
emerging markets we are still lagging
behind in terms of the economic growth
rates forecast for this year through the
next two years by such organizations as
the IMF in the World Bank so South
Africa is still struggling to keep up
with its contemporary emerging markets
elsewhere in the world and there is a
huge amount of work for imposes still to
do in that regard all right let's move
on to land now an issue which me is very
keen to talk about I know and I don't
want to further explain it to our
viewers you know two decades after the
end of apartheid white South Africans
still owned most of the commercial
farmland in
country cyril ramaphosa says he will
speed up land reforms parliament has
already passed legislation to consider
amending the constitution to allow land
expropriation without compensation but
there's much debate and concerns around
the issue rama possa is required to
clarify how the government plans to take
land and whose land it will be the
president says although land reforms is
urgently needed it will be done without
harming food production or the economy
Soniya question why do you think the
issue of land has to be resolved first
why should this be a top priority for
rama possa because you know South Africa
has a lot of economic challenges we must
remember that MU South Africans as as
powerful as a South African economy is
in South in in Africa number two after
Nigeria by far more connected and
evolved and the Nigerian economy the
majority of South Africans are still
poor the majority and there is huge
inequality and therefore you have the
economy and the end alanda are very much
connected and from my point of view the
land is so important because it captures
the history of South Africa I happen to
believe that the problems of South
Africa especially the economic and
social problems are the result of
apartheid we never had reconstruction
after apartheid which which ruined the
country for generations even centuries
so you cannot talk about what is going
on in South Africa today without
thinking about apartheid and without
thinking about the land ok this is my
consent that the OVA focus on corruption
seems to say well we have problems only
because Zuma was corrupt no South Africa
has problems because of apartheid and
the message left has not been cleaned up
and land is on a patrol and each issue
still hasn't been resolved by bahang the
ANC has long been pushing the government
to allow the expropriation of land
without compensation is that something
that's doable in today's South Africa
and the position of the president are on
the land issue it seems to be not
nuanced at all do you agree with me on
that it's tentative I think it best I
agree with the previous speakers remarks
regarding that the question of land as
as part of a you know an ongoing
decolonial question and really part of
the unresolved restitution which any
liberated country needs to graduate with
South Africa completely skirted around
in 1994 and of course the ANC has
historically skirted around since 1955
when they declared that the land belongs
to all who live in it which is of course
of the absolutes which which cannot be
true so certainly this is all of this
Sun all this policy land policy
schizophrenia is catching up the ANC as
a party and as a government and I think
that you know like any liberated state
they must you know we have to do with
the question of land restitution we
can't have a situation where 6% of open
Norman or a minority population of 6%
still holds 87% of land assets that are
the arable assets as a repulsion list as
miners and mineral resources so of
course it's going to be a time bomb
that's ticking away very nicely we need
to deal with whether it's expropriation
or whether it's redistribution and the
mechanisms would that leads to
redistribution the danger of course is
that if we make it an entirely state-led
undertaking or even a party political
and they're taking is that the potential
for cronyism and for for for the big
shots to give the lad to distribute the
land amongst themselves is possible but
I think that this is why we need a
democratic process which is which
includes community organizations you
know people traditional leaders you know
civic organizations and civic activism
public intellectualism such as this to
ensure that the process has credibility
but it must happen land redistribution
just has to happen okay grant indrani's
burg there those who say that minorities
the whites right now in South Africa are
feeling under threat because of this
issue of blood how does Roma polska
address this land issue without
disrupting food security and capital
flights
well I mean I think that the answer is
pretty simple the the constitution of
South Africa is the supreme law of the
land which governs even the president
and governs the way in which the
government should
have in these circumstances and there's
no question that the land distribution
is skewed based on the historical and
current patterns based on apartheid and
there has to be some kind of process
which normalizes the land ownership for
the for the South African majority
there's no question of that and I think
that the Constitution and a
constitutional democratic process
through which that should be handled is
clearly the way to do it and I can't
quite agree with me when he says that
the the corruption issue is overblown in
relation to land for me the two are
directly linked in the way that if you
refer to the high-level panel by former
presidential mmm Atlanta in why the
issue of land remains such a problematic
one in the words of the former President
himself and his panel of experts the
issues of land redistribution are
largely the government's implementation
or failure to implement therein so
clearly more resources more focused more
political focus more government focus
needs to be put on the issue of land
redistribution but corruption breaks
down government makes government fail in
its primary duty to serve the people and
therefore with a dysfunctional
government you're going to have
dysfunctional land reform okay me I'll
give you the last word for a second I'll
give you the last word anything in your
answer you can talk to us about where
you see South Africa's international
footprint South Africa's role in
influence on the African continent and
beyond under Cyril Ramaphosa yes yes I
thank you and now grant I mean I don't
think we disagree much at all when I
separated land from the corruption what
I mean is that the corruption issue
everybody talks about Zuma and the ANC
they've been in power 20 years the land
issue the 80 some percent of the land
was initially was taken in 1913 so the
land problem precedes the corruption
problem unless you want to talk about
the huge corruption that went on under
apartheid that nobody talks about now in
terms of South Africa's international
footprint I think it's very important
South Africa is a neighbor of a Zimbabwe
we
no housing bow would try to deal with
the land issue and we know how the
president there the former president
wound up being demonized there's a land
issue in Namibia so the stealing of land
by settlers from Europe is a big factor
in southern Africa now internationally
my concern I live in Washington I'm a
resident here I pay taxes and a free
forum which is trying in my view to
protect the stolen land that they have
we don't want to give back they have
made trips to Washington to meet with
people in the Trump administration and
conservatives to say please protect us
help us keep the land and to me it's a
matter of somebody saying help me keep
what I stole and I think that is me
thank you so much we're gonna have to
leave it there unfortunately lots of
issues as you can see to discuss
hopefully we'll get a chance to do that
again very soon on al Jazeera thank you
very much for speaking to us Labuan
pekurny acquittee and grant Madison and
thank you as well for watching you can
watch this program again anytime by
visiting our web sites at aljazeera.com
and for further discussion go to our
Facebook page that's facebook.com
forward slash AJ inside story you can of
course also join the conversation on
twitter our handle is at aj inside story
from me fully batty boy and the whole
team thanks for watching bye for now
you
