Gaza is blockaded by Israel on all sides
see included but this week two boats
loaded with patients who need hospital
treatment and students with university
places will try to breach Israel's sea
blockade which begins 16 kilometers out
in the Mediterranean the passengers have
a strong determination to break this
siege or whatever the circumstances
whatever the challenges whatever the
obstacles that would have been that
would be imposed by the Israeli side
garthe's hospitals are full of patients
who need urgent medical treatment there
are those injured in two months of
protests and longer-term cases at least
now I have 65 of them already admitted
those who are wounded during the march
of return but there are many other cases
of cancer and open-heart surgeries and
many other complicate new surgical cases
orthopedic cases all of them need to
travel abroad because of shortage of
facilities induced by the Israeli
blockade in Gaza Strip and why can't
they travel abroad because the borders
are sealed must of time and these
patients should travel in time you can
say to a patient who having cancer come
back after three months he will
deteriorate and we have too much
complications they cannot wait lifelong
waiting for this product open the boats
that will be used are being kept hidden
organizers fear Israel will try to
destroy them before they leave the port
in reality the boats are not going to
get any further than Israel's maritime
blockade which is as tightly and harshly
enforced as the land blockade but at
least those on the boats will highlight
again the open prison like conditions
that there are here in Gaza that prevent
almost anyone from leaving Burnett Smith
al-jazeera Gaza
