these Rhino calves love their muddy pool
leaving only when they see their keepers
that signals feeding time at the Center
for wildlife rehabilitation and
conservation in Kaziranga the calves are
aged between one and five years old and
still required their daily milk but
bottles have replaced breast milk the
Rhinos mothers were killed either by
poachers or in annual floods even when I
would heimer holiday we'll have to take
a day sleeve a mine stays here I feel
like being with them all the time
early pre monsoon storms offer a glimpse
into the heavy rains and floods that
killed dozens of people and animals in
the northeastern state of Assam each
summer more than 60 rhinos have died in
the past three years because Iran go
national park is home to several
protected and endangered species but
it's a conservation success of the one
horned Indian Rhino that has turned this
park into a World Heritage Site Indian
rhinos were once close to extinction in
1905 there were just 75 left today they
are close to 3,000 and Kaziranga is home
to more than 80% of them but the demand
for rhino horns in neighboring South
East Asia remains a huge threat the
conservation status of the Indian Rhino
was shifted from endangered to
vulnerable in 2008 but with the
ever-present threat of poaching wildlife
wardens say letting their guard slip
could once again turn the tide against
the animal known as the Indian unicorn
poachers killed two dozen rhinos in the
last two years so far this year they've
killed three and nowadays the poachers
are coming with sophisticated weapons
you know a k-series rifles for you know
putting inside the park and therefore we
also need to you know
protecting the Rhinos and that's why we
are sending our anti-poaching messaging
this means replacing old guns and aging
guards with better weapons and younger
stuff which is a struggle due to
underfunding outside the park gates
heavy traffic and speeding vehicles
through wilife corridors also pose a
threat the challenges are many but
asam's rhinos have conservationists and
the public on their side Sydnor i know
is your identity dead sir did the people
over some pills but i know you're right
rhino is your identity it's our state
and even wildlife teams are once again
getting ready for this year's flood
rescues but the main mission remains
ensuring the long-term survival of the
one horned rhino
Polly Jacob al-jazeera Kaziranga
National Park a Sam
