in the city of Banda Ebola is on
everybody's minds doctors are trying to
get people vaccinated as fast as they
can the current outbreak was declared
nearly three weeks ago but the alarm
increased last week when the first case
was confirmed here in Bonn Dhaka a busy
transport hub by the river Congo because
Ebola is spread through close physical
contact with infected people city life
creates a major challenge where Africa
says this man and we have a culture of
shaking hands when we meet people you
can't stop that from one day to the next
but we hope the sensitization teams can
bring real-life cases of Ebola deaths to
convince people the World Health
Organization is sending thousands of
doses of an experimental vaccine to
promote the program the DRC's Health
Minister has been given a job at a local
treatment center in ban Dhaka where he
met United Nations officials and health
workers this week relatives helped three
people with the Ebola virus to escape
from an isolation ward here taking them
to a prayer meeting two of them died the
next day
another reminder of the work still to be
done in educating people about the risks
involved
people just a question of communication
and always keep talking keep talking
with patient okay with their family and
people in the community and that's a
priority shared with representatives
from the World Health Organization in
Geneva what is really important that we
redouble our efforts to engage with the
community so everyone understands how
Ebola is being transmitted and that
keeping a sick person at home not only
decreases the chances of survival for
this person because this person then is
not receiving supportive treatment but
is also putting at risk the whole family
the UN Children's agency UNICEF has
installed hand washers in dozens of
schools to get the message across to the
youngest generation previous Ebola
outbreaks in the DRC have been small and
the government's hoping this one will be
too Nadine barber al-jazeera
