the only place Florence and Jennifer see
their children now is in photos five
years ago they sent them to stay with
their sister Miriam but when they
returned to collect them their children
had disappeared
Marian claims should put them in a
boarding school but in fact the children
have been taken to America legally
adopted without their mother's knowledge
what do you think about the fact that a
family can come from another country and
become the legal parents of somebody
else's children whatever you know how
long I was at a trailer for van
Miriam said she'd been approached by an
agent who promised the children of free
education but that promise turned out to
be a conduit for international adoption
and by the time the sisters even
suspected something was wrong their
children were no longer theirs if you
had a chance to speak to the family that
your children are now living with what
would you say to them
you know between us in launch Guatavita
Florence and Jennifer among countless
families in Uganda whose children have
been lost to International Adoption this
industry isn't being driven by a supply
of orphans in need of homes it's being
driven by demand from America but
growing even with children we need
children we have families waiting here
we need children we need children this
woman worked for an American adoption
agency it was her job to find children
to be adopted those to them this
children are not in a market yeah not
food for sale fault lines teamed up with
the investigative fund to explore the
market in Uganda's children asking how
this could happen who's responsible and
if there's any hope these mothers will
see their children again
I'm a widow named Eric okay - Melman I'm
a bitch I can anenome joonyoung nina
many te digo Makana achoo moo goo you
will go to bring along any man mama
costa comment to me not the magnetic
appeal named Tabitha lives in a remote
village about five hours by car from
Uganda's capital Kampala six years ago
her son Michael was adopted by an
American family he had been ill and she
couldn't afford his treatment so when
some people came to her community saying
they wanted to help needy children
she thought her son was lucky to be
chosen why does a woman have been
willing to ward off
you see I'm a little bit about sent you
an agenda finding it in the money
Shannon was a mini New Year now
hey Joker Anya attended utilitarian at
this one so she said what happened to
tablet is incredibly complicated with
the help of an interpreter I tried to
get the full story but even now six
years later she seems confused about
what she agreed to you watchin Andy I
hear I get your name
Yoga dog karate then I take is on my
patio or a particle board Oh Danica
Kiska or Angwin Okada juju typically not
that many me you're killing her theory
and the xu maogong
okay so she said that they committed
that in fact court records show Tabitha
consented to the adoption of Michael so
legally speaking she's no longer his
mother Laura and Philip honker are
adoptive parents - Michael and Henry now
he lives in Portland Oregon with this
family
Phillip and Laura hunka this is a local
news report filmed last year with
Michael and another boy their doctors
from China
three years after they took Michael to
America
Tabitha gave birth to another boy
Solomon it's pizza night in the hunker
home but something is missing when they
heard that Tabitha had had another baby
and was again in need of help the hunk
has sent money for Solomon's care they
wanted to adopt him too and sent an
agent to talk to Tabitha Hashmi hunka
Auto yeah at the academia would yeah
Sibley
eventually the hunkers came to Uganda
and Tabitha says she was called to a
meeting in Kampala she said she felt ill
while she was there and had a dizzy
spell it was then she says that a woman
at the meeting took Solomon from her and
gave him to Laura hunka we asked the
hunkers to confirm what happened to that
meeting but they didn't respond to the
question however they did insist that
Tabitha has repeatedly agreed to the
adoption and that she signed documents
to that effect
despite this Tabitha told us that she
had never wanted to give her son away a
gene dr. Sharma when in addition to me
oh Moo zoom in when you were joking
either to me or zoom which equineannie
king when I choked when anything my own
aqua she could see the mozu holding her
child and then she asked what about my
child how do I get my shot and they said
they told that the mazuma would bring
the child Toa a man and a llama when you
move that's the day he was taken from
her
Tabitha says she was still breastfeeding
when Solomon was taken away from her
she told us she felt so distraught the
next morning she wanted to take her own
life
there was more than two years ago and
the last time Tabitha had her son to
find out more I went to the Family Court
in Kampala
they keep a chaotic archive containing
thousands of files one for every child
adopted including Solomon
in his I found information about Tabitha
and the hunka family as well as their
American adoption agency journeys at the
heart the court records show there were
four hearings before Solomon's adoption
was approved at the first to the judge
adjourned
seeing Tabitha didn't understand what
adoption was or wanted for Solomon but
at the third hearing the records say
Tabitha returned to court and agreed to
the adoption at the 4th hearing the
judge granted the adoption application
and Solomon became the hunkers legal
child was it ever your intention to sign
away permanent guardianship of Solomon
to a different family but an American
family can't take a Ugandan child back
home with them without a visa to the US
and 18 months later Solomon still hadn't
been approved unable to bring him home
with them the hunkers became frustrated
this is video taken by the orphanage
last November this has been excruciating
on our family the hunkers say the
Ugandan High Court approved the adoption
more than a year ago but when they went
to the u.s. embassy to get Solomon's
visa
approved they were stonewalled they have
not given us any reasons why that
application has not been accepted now do
you think the holdup is I'd like to know
that answer to that as well honestly
the US Embassy refused to comment but
again Solomon's port file was useful
when we talked tabatha told me she'd
been called to a meeting at the American
Embassy in Kampala the embassy staff had
asked her if she'd wanted Solomon to be
adopted at the Aryan her claim that she
told the officials she was against the
adoption is given some credence by
document in the file if the letter
written by the US Embassy to the Ugandan
Court describing Solomon's adoption as
problematic we need help we need the
United States government to approve his
application
despite Tabitha's insistence that she
didn't want her child to be adopted
Solomon wasn't returned to her she told
us she hadn't even been allowed to see
him where is Solomon now Solomon
fermentable
after a lot of searching I found a
social worker who knew stellar org wands
in charge of child welfare in Uganda
when she heard about Tabitha's story
she moved Solomon from the child minder
being paid by the huncles to a
government baby's home the reason I took
that action as the officer responsible
for children was because I received a
complaint from the mother and she was
insisting that she didn't want the child
to go then I said the best would be for
me to move in and see where the child is
places how much more information do you
need I mean it's been over a year since
tabatha lost custody of Solomon you
sounded na yeah how many times to ask a
person to say no before you abort the
process I cannot say how many times you
know it counseling is a process and it's
bread one Stella was also behind a
change to Ugandan law which means that
foreign family is wanting to adopt now
have to foster a child in Uganda for at
least one year first that law took
effect in 2016 the year before Solomon
was adopted we wanted to prevent a
situation where people just fly in today
and get legal guardianship and go with
the children the next two weeks that's
what we wanted to avoid do you think the
family in America who illegally the
parents the stolen would have any idea
of the turbulence here in Uganda yes
they know where they are where because
from the day I got to Solomon from Abu
anga with that family they got to know
they even sent me a message they called
me I told them I would I wouldn't
discuss with them the issue on phone but
we can exchange mails and they didn't do
that but they've been communicating
through their lawyers
but how could the hunkers have met the
legal obligation to foster Solomon when
they haven't spent the required year in
Uganda the judge in the case Moses
machee be decided that since the hunters
had been paying someone to look after
Solomon they had in effect
constructively fostered him I wanted to
ask judge mckeavy why he'd come to this
conclusion but he declined to be
interviewed I also wanted to know more
about the American agency behind Solomon
and Michaels adoptions I tracked down a
former agent of theirs Barbara and abala
Cara she told me she'd spent three years
working for journeys of the heart
she was arrested in 2014 and soon after
they're parted ways we met at an
undisclosed location so what was the
involvement of journeys of the heart
they were to provide the financial
support and then I would provide the
service and what was the service the
service was to find children that can be
adopted they wanted everything fast fast
because if if you get a child today
spends in a home like two months three
months is adopted that means they are
spending less on this child but if a
child comes tails for a year it's much
expense and they would say that to you
they would say we need children that
can't be adopted fast it doesn't sound
like they were very concerned about the
children no it sounds like they were
concerned about the business yeah
business you say you felt a lot of
pressure did you worry that there would
be consequences if you didn't find the
children of course they'll threaten we
are closing who are closing if if you're
not bringing in my children we are
closing so they were basically
threatened to fire you yes
you didn't provide as many children as
they wanted
there were allegations that Barbara had
been trafficking children amongst other
things eventually the police charged her
with child neglect
but she disappeared for a time and now
police say her files missing she denies
all of the charges but Barbara was just
a local agent for journeys of the heart
to find out more I needed to talk to the
agency's director in the US
David slansky after a lot of attempts to
get hold of David's Lansky by email and
on the phone I have finally come to
Portland to see if I could find him in
person I think this might be his home
address so this all feels actually good
morning David slansky
yes I wanted to talk to you about some
families in Uganda who say their
children were adopted against their
wishes I'd rather not do you want to
tell me about Castillo Solomon who's
currently living in a government
institution because his mother in Uganda
doesn't want him to be adopted
well parish is given conflicting stories
I think he should talk to the family who
wants to a doctor I've been trying to
you for some reason they don't seem to
want to speak to me and my understanding
is that on many occasions she has
consented how many times does the mother
need to object to an adoption
before we start recess well it wasn't
for me to stop the process the family
wanted to continue so you would just
that you facilitate the American family
pretty much the family needed an agency
in the US two to two
to be there for them whether they were
proactive or not we would help them
before we believe that the child was
medic medically very medically needed we
believe that the mother was very
desperate we believed her her story at
least as we understood it in the
beginning sermons was initiated after
that change to the north some judges
were saying that there are exceptions
from medical medically exigent
exceptions such as son and to be clear
you don't have any regard for the change
to the law that's not a concern to you
it's irrelevant well we have not been
encouraged families or listen to their
entreaties to to adopt from Uganda since
then apart from the hungers yah-hoo
again we're adopting a sibling after
being contacted by the birthday did you
inform them about a change to the north
or Sabre very cognizant about
international adoption can be
complicated but this family says it has
been like a living nightmare every day
there without their son the hunkers
contacted senators Ron Martin and Jeff
Merkley they've told us that they're on
our side they think that that our story
is viable Philip and Laura hunka have
been very public in their efforts to get
Solomon to the u.s. so I was surprised
when they told me by email they didn't
want to be interviewed by fault lines
according to the records Philip was in
court when the judge ruled that haba
that didn't understand the implication
of an adoption so I wanted to know why
the family was still pursuing it we
tried to talk to Philip punker as he was
getting into his car I wanted to talk to
you about Tabitha and her son Solomon
but you already sent us an email I sent
you went back saying that we're not
going okay Tabitha says she doesn't want
this adoption to happen and the court
records reflect that it depends on when
you've talked to her mm-hmm and it
depends on which court records you okay
I mean I've seen four sets of court
records from four hearings yeah what's
your understanding of what her wishes
are I can't talk about this with you my
attorney we forwarded all the
information attorney she told us not to
speak with you I'm not gonna speak with
you anymore
and then just before this film went to
air we did hear from the hunkers in an
email they insisted again that tabatha
has repeatedly agreed to this adoption
they sent us photos of tabatha signing
documents to that effect we don't know
if the hunkers will succeed in bringing
Solomon to America but we do know his
case isn't isolated more than 1,600
Ugandan children have been adopted to
America since 1999 but it's hard to know
how many of them were actually orphans
and how many may have had parents who
still wanted them
for the past 12 years the Council on
Accreditation has been regulating
American adoption agencies I wanted to
know if journeys of the heart had been
investigated over any of the issues
raised in this film so I talked to the
CEO Richard Clark I can't answer that
question the answer is I don't know is
that not the type of thing that ought to
have come up when it came to reoccur
editing journeys of the heart it would
have if we had had access to that
information
yes and how would you get access we
would have had access most likely from
the United States government post in
ganda whether it's an a State Department
or Homeland Security their immigration
and in the case of journeys of the heart
you didn't get that information I I just
don't want to comment about any specific
agency I asked him why his organization
doesn't put more emphasis on
investigating wrongdoing overseas going
about identifying whether that has
happened is is not something that we are
trained to do that we have the resources
to do or or actually that we have in any
way the capacity to do why if it's
difficult to trust some of the
institutions and countries like Uganda
which i think is a fairly well accepted
fact why then would the Department of
State continue to allow inter-country
adoption I think you'd have to ask the
United States Department of State I have
asked myself that question again and
again and it is
it's a puzzle for me it depends the
State Department refused to be
interviewed for this story but in an
email they said they rely on their
accreditors to monitor and oversee
adoption agencies it's been five years
since Florence and Jennifer's children
were taken to America at best the
adoption was deeply flawed in the
process may have been fraudulent the
mothers say they didn't even know it was
happening to everyone ever could be
bah-bah-bah
they've reported it as a crime to the
police but now that the children are in
America there's nothing anyone can do
their children belong to a different
family now I traced that family to their
hometown and the father agreed to be
interviewed anonymously because he said
he hasn't told his children their
biological families they're looking for
them very first thing we did is contact
our Americans attorney who finalized the
adoption in the States with us to
confirm if it's legally finalized what
we need to do to confirm that things
aren't gonna change for the children and
all that's done and finalized what does
it feel like to know that there's some
kind of dispute over your children so
devastating we have children that go to
bed every night in our home whose
parents in Uganda wishing they were
going to bed in their hut there are
parents in Uganda who only see our
children their children
whatever electronically so you take
these well intended concepts and turn
them into a child trafficking case like
we set up he was right and ended up
being child traffickers not
intentionally you know what would you
say if another family from America told
you they were considering adopting from
Uganda I would say don't that's the
short answer
told because you're saying it for a lot
more than you think you are when you
feel your agency application once the
child's legally in America there's
nothing anyone can do to get them back
unless the adoptive family wants to
return them so it's possible that
Florence and Jennifer will never see
their children again
there might still be hope for Tabitha
and Solomon we asked the social worker
we met in Kampala if we could at least
bring her to see her son he's now almost
three and he's been separated from his
mother for the majority of his life
I'm gonna kill Walker a catechism
watchman at Parramatta Makkah will
depend on either touching Reagan and I
may get lucky neither are we
I can go in immediately
we run
Solomon didn't recognize his mother he
seemed scared when she approached him
she left him alone for a while to calm
down but it wasn't easier the second
time do believe aqua and I will go ask
implemented a meter nano means walking
as I make it the other day my family I'm
gonna get started
bye-bye bye-bye
she has to leave him behind
he isn't her child anymore this legal
tug of war has meant that Solomon has
lived in an institution for much of his
life
Neera Neera Neera Neera with you
irápido when you to be making win yes
was my idea you know came it
you
