a landslide for islands yes campaign a
seismic shift for Irish society the
country's Prime Minister Li / adkar
called the result a silent revolution
he's campaigned strongly for a change in
the law a hundred years since women
gained the right to vote today we as a
people have spoken
and we say that we trust women and
respect women to make their own
decisions and their own choices for me
it's also a day when we say no more no
more - doctors telling their patients
that there is nothing can be done for
them in their own country no more lonely
journeys across the Irish Sea
no more stigma as the veil of secrecy is
lifted and no more isolation as the
burden of shame is gone it's been a
bitterly fought referendum on doorsteps
and high streets across the country the
8th amendment was introduced in 1983 in
all but bans abortion even in cases of
rape incest or fatal fetal abnormality
but every year thousands of Irish women
travel abroad most of the UK to end
their pregnancies many others take
illegal abortion pills without medical
supervision Amnesty International says
it's time to respect Irish women's
reproductive rights to finally see the
introduction of a safe and legal
framework for abortion here in Ireland
that respects protects and fulfills the
human rights of women and girls that we
see an end to the trauma pain and
suffering but women and girls in this
country have endured vote counts across
the country have all confirmed the same
thing that Island wants radical change
here in the capital Dublin the epicentre
of the yes movement people have voted
overwhelmingly for repealing the Eighth
Amendment the results a bitter
disappointment for those who voted to
keep the eighth amendment many know
voters believe the change in law will
mean abortion on demand it's also a blow
for the Catholic Church that once
dominated Irish society it strongly
opposes abortion I think it's a sad day
for this country
personally I think that in the long term
I think it would be a decision that be
regretted long term but long after the
political establishment of disappears
and we've gone on to greater things the
government has proposed allowing a
limited access to abortions during the
first 12 weeks of pregnancy if the
referendum passed Parliament will now
determine the final details of the law
for the first time in a generation Irish
people have had a chance to vote on this
sensitive issue they have spoken loudly
nee Parker al-jazeera Dublin
