they nostalgically remember their good
old days when life was much simpler in
the mouth forest the largest water
catchment area in Kenya the okiya people
wanted back along with their rights to
the land recognised compensation and an
apology from the government for evicting
them in the first place the African
court of human and people's rights
agreed with a community of about 35,000
o'ciock last year John les single Ambo
gasps attended most of the court
hearings in Tanzania he has over the
years been displaced several times we
have suffered a lot we had built homes
put up our beehives then we were evicted
we went to another area and faced the
same problems it's been a vixen of the
eviction for us here in east mouth the
lambo gas family attended the
anniversary ceremony where state
officials assured them that their plight
is a priority these are some of the
o'ciock elders and they have for decades
been leading their community in this
fight for their rights to the Mau forest
they say they are happy with a court
ruling but they also hope that the
government is going to quickly implement
the decision of the judges and that they
will finally see justice but issues
around conservation and indigenous
peoples rights are complexed the
government says illegal logging and
farming has badly damaged the Mau forest
they'll yet say they're best placed to
conserve it so they should be allowed to
prove that they can protect the funds
they are not destructive people indeed
we are the Kenyan government has
accepted the court's ruling and set up a
task force to study it and make
recommendations that will not affect the
community or the forest
what's much more viable for this purpose
you know is to adapt a short-term
approach that responds to certain
immediate realities that already exist
on the ground and then I roll out them
into a much more longer phase that
ensures that certain interests of the
community are balanced out
with the imperatives of conservation
back here in aku the traditional hunters
and gatherers continue to wait for the
day their plight will finally fully be
dealt with more than a century after
their ancestors were fast evicted by the
British colonial governments and others
in the decade since Catherine saw a
al-jazeera Nakuru Kenya
