al-jazeera's investigative unit
infiltrated a criminal gang that fixes
cricket matches they told us they bribe
groundsman to doctor the pitch to
control the results Robin Morris is a
former professional cricketer from
Mumbai
he offered to provide information about
a fix in return for a cut of our
winnings from betting willingly give me
30 busting 70 30 30 30 but what are the
chances of of that working is it because
many later in Sri Lanka Morris
introduced me to Taronga indica
assistant manager of the Gaul
International Stadium we discovered that
the criminals were planning to fix a
Test match between Sri Lanka and England
later this year we also found evidence
that they'd fix two Test matches in Sri
Lanka to make money from betting the
groundsman's said that he made a pitch
to favour bowlers for the match between
Australia and Sri Lanka in August 2016
on a surface stacked against them the
batsmen were out quickly
the five-day match was won in less than
two and a half days Morris had bet that
the match would not last five days
unmade a hefty profit model and what
I'll do if you know what the pitch is
going to do you can make a hell of a lot
of money to have that inside information
it's a license to print money really for
Sri Lanka's match against India in July
last year in dica made another kind of
pitch this time to favor batsman India
batted first and hit a massive six
hundred runs Morris knew to bet on a
high score for the first innings and
once again made a large profit there is
no evidence that any of the players
involved in these test matches had any
knowledge of the pitch fixing Morris was
now planning his next pitch fix at go in
dica assured us that the Sri Lanka
England Test match will not last the
full five days denies any involvement in
pitch fixing Morris denies any
wrongdoing
he says al Jazeera invited him to act in
a movie for public entertainment David
Harrison al Jazeera London
