a year ago more than 500 disarmed FARC
rebels came to this camp to begin a
transition into civilian life it was
part of a peace deal that was supposed
to include government aid an extensive
land reform now more than half of them
have left many to join a dissident FARC
rebels Giovanni Castro is still here but
like many says the government deceived
them one year after signing we see that
those who refused to disarm were right
my respects they were proven right while
we live here humiliated in a room made
of materials that produce cancer many
tell us they feel frustrated and
betrayed by their own leaders the
problem with the peace process goes
beyond land distribution and economic
aid but just as importantly the
government vowed to guarantee the safety
of the demobilized rebels instead they
are now sitting ducks with no protection
this area of Calca was once undisputed
FARC territory controlled by the rebels
six front its former commander carlos
antonio lozada
says that in the last few months at
least seven of his men have been
murdered we wanted to abandon war but
there are many sectors that want to push
us back we are concerned because the
territory that was under our control is
now in the hands of many different
groups one of them is a nuri armed
version of the EPL or People's
Liberation Army which recently put out
this video showing off its new weapons
and vowing to hunt down FARC members the
leader of the current indigenous
community tells us that the EPL is
trying to take over their land and
recruit members in this lucrative drug
trafficking region just like the Falcons
did in this territory there is now
presence of the EPL the ELN the
dissident bath group and also other
illegal paramilitary groups and they are
spreading throughout Colombia quickly
filling a power vacuum
dashing the dreams of rural communities
and former rebels who believed however
briefly that the armed conflict here was
over you see in human Odyssey de got
into Columbia
