it was the storm before the storm the
first signs of cyclone mccune was swept
through celada
on friday afternoon many drivers were
taken unawares forced to take extra care
while driving for rising flood water I
saw these young men and wanted to give
them a ride yes I'm in a hobby to go
home I drove all the way from Muscat to
be here in time to help people
I hope state media issued reassuring
messages and reiterated safety
instructions in the face of the
predicted major threat thousands of
emani's moved away from coastal and
low-lying areas to higher ground
families seeking shelter crowded hotels
further inland the government says it's
organised evacuations were needed but
everyone can see the ominous signs heavy
downpours continued through the night
and winds gusted close to 200 kilometers
per hour giving cyclone McConnell a
hurricane strength at times and people
here are worried about the destruction
it may leave in its wake
mohammad van al jazeera Salalah southern
Oman
