the movie mogul who once had Hollywood
at his command now is forced to reckon
with his past as he surrendered to
police of allegations of sexual abuse
and the campaigns of coercion he exerted
on women the criminal case involves
charges of raping one woman and forcing
another to perform a sex act on him but
these are not the only accusations that
Weinstein faces since the news broke
last October of his alleged personal
behavior more and more high-profile
actresses have since come forward to
talk about their experiences with
Weinstein including actress Rose McGowan
who publicly accused Weinstein of rape
was also alleged by one publication that
Weinstein had hide spies including four
Mossad agents to discredit and suppress
her accusations I've had a lot of years
of trauma at the hands of this man and
just seeing his face everywhere he was
always present in the world that I was
in and this morning I turned on the TV
and there's his face and this is before
the news broke of his you know
arraignment his impending arraignment
and you know you dive for the remote
trying to stop it trying to stop it and
it's just shocking it's it doesn't cease
to be a shock when I see his face
it doesn't cease to be horrible it
doesn't cease to jar me and I and I know
I'm not the only one poins Dean's fall
from grace has sent shockwaves
throughout the film industry and went on
to galvanize the me2 movement that led
thousands to tell their own stories of
abuse from sexual predators and the
shadow of his scandal has been a
presence at awards ceremonies including
this year's Cannes Film Festival where
actor and filmmaker as a gentle
recounted her own experiences in 1997 I
was raped by Harvey Weinstein here a can
I was 21 years old this festival was his
hunting ground
I want to make a prediction Harvey
Weinstein will never be welcomed here
ever again a grand jury has been hearing
evidence in the case for weeks and
authorities in California and London are
also investigating assault allegations
some of them date back to the 1980s and
Britain has no statute of limitations on
rape cases San Diego al Jazeera
