the son of former slaves fought his way
to become the first black heavyweight
boxing champion of the world the Texan
ruled to the ring for seven years and
was an icon for racially oppressed
african-americans but Johnson's
relationships with a number of white
women led him to being charged under the
Mann Act the law used to prosecute men
for mixed relationships even if
consensual in 1913 he was charged with
taking his white girlfriend across state
lines for immoral purposes surrounded by
boxing stars he pushed for his pardon in
the oval office Donald Trump finally
cleared his name of this country our
country is a great country and we have
done something today that was very
important it was a lot of people I know
it without being an expert on the
subject
I knew it for a long time Jack Johnson
was not treated fairly and we have
corrected that with his career in ruins
Johnson skipped bail and fled to Europe
he spent years fighting in exile before
surrendering to u.s. police in 1920 and
spending ten months in prison my family
now can go forward knowing that the
strain and the pain has been erased and
history will be rewritten and I
sincerely thank you sir thank you and
you and everybody that brought me here
I am the sports known as the Galveston
giant he died in a car crash in 1946
aged 68 but his legacy lives on Jack
Johnson lived his life as a free man he
did whatever he wanted to do in an era
where one every four days of black
persons being lynched so he gave a lot
of black working-class men hope the u.s.
president said it was his honor to
correct a wrong in history Humaira
Chaudhary al Jazeera
