European data holders have had two years
to work out a game plan for gdpr but the
protection law intended to create a
level playing field for data use has hit
smaller groups hard this Youth Football
Club in Berlin uses membership data to
circulate newsletters and fixture lists
the staff are all volunteers gdpr is a
major headache we have a home page and
actually I love having photos of every
team on the on the home page but now we
are not sure if we can still do it yeah
you're not going to be ready by Friday
are you not completely for europe's tech
companies gdpr is an incentive to
innovate hey snips
Grumio cappuccino at this trade Expo in
Paris
there are voice-activated devices that
don't actually share any data at all
consumers will get to choose right and
they are no better so they'll choose
four equal features they'll choose the
one that protects the privacy best get
it wrong though and a twenty four
million dollar fine is a genuine worry
it is it is and it's particularly
worrying because you cannot be sure that
you have implemented the rules the right
way at the moment the recent deluge of
GDP our emails shows the ongoing
uncertainty some ask customers to
explicitly opt-in others put the onus on
the customer to opt out and others
simply mention updated privacy settings
the Facebook thing bridge analytic curse
scandal may seem a world away from the
GDP our compliance requirements of a
small sports club such as this but the
fact is that even seemingly innocuous
data when put together really starts to
matter lobby groups and campaigners have
broadly welcomed gdpr
as a reset button a wake-up call they
say for EU citizens to engage with some
fundamental questions do I really want
to continue giving this company my data
do I need to do that is that it is it
necessary for most for me and to make a
conscious attempt or a conscious
decision what data
they share a recent survey of German
companies revealed that just 25% of them
expected to be able to meet the GDP our
deadline
EU data regulators are expected to be
sympathetic for now but after extra time
comes penalties port brennan al jazeera
berlin
