indigenous people have lived along the
English wobbegong river system for
thousands of years fish from the river
have long been a staple of their diet
but since the early 1970s they've been
warned they can't eat what they catch
mercury and other heavy metals
discharged from this paper mill decades
ago are in the food chain and the fish
that the people of grassy narrows depend
on and revere can kill or disable them
this new report says things are getting
worse at every age people who ate nor
fish are worse off both from a health
perspective and socioeconomically than
people who ate less fish mercury is a
deadly toxin and causes long-term
neurological and physical decline it's
linked to learning disabilities
depression even suicidal tendencies this
report says all of these effects are
found in grassy narrows as people
continue to depend on fish from the
river with a depressed economy that can
at least partially be blamed on mercury
poisoning they simply do have to eat
what they catch it's been very
frustrating for the community that our
voices haven't been heard but to finally
have people's attention we are grateful
for that and we are hopeful this report
recommends Canada's federal and
provincial governments first
acknowledged the problem and set up
effective health care facilities for the
people of grassy narrows and provide
funding to lift them out of poverty and
decline the devastation caused by
mercury poisoning on the people who live
along the English wobbegong River system
has been known for years some
governments in the past have promised
help but as this report confirms much
more needs to be done to help the people
who live by a poisoned River
Daniel Locke al-jazeera Toronto
