an intended gesture of peace in a
process that may be going nowhere the
demolition of tunnels at North Korea's
underground nuclear testing site at pond
Gary it was meant to be a further step
on the path to a historic summit but by
the time these pictures were reaching
the outside world it was already reeling
from the shock of the summits
cancellation from North Korea's foreign
ministry a measured response calling the
decision not consistent with the desire
of humankind for peace and stability
adding that North Korea remained willing
to sit down with the US side to solve
problems at any time from South Korea
disappointment verging on bewilderment
madam you asked for Vice foreign
Minister Kim's statement we see no
change of a sincere will by the relevant
countries when it comes to resolving the
current situation through dialogue the
government will continue our diplomatic
efforts to further extend this momentum
for the talks as part of that effort
South Korea's foreign minister kang
kyung-hwa spoke with her US counterpart
Mike Pompeo by phone she emphasized the
need to build on the goodwill of the
landmark inter-korean summit at
Panmunjom in April fearing months of
painstaking diplomacy could now be
wasted South Korean president moon
jae-in's meeting with North Korean
leader Kim jong-un had laid the
groundwork for the summit well I think
mu jane is entitled to feel philly
indignant about this whole business
because he has been a leader in working
with kim jong-un to develop an
understanding and a way forward in place
of improving ties could now be a return
to the hardline dictated by the US and
demanded of its East Asian allies
in order for North Korea to change their
policies it is necessary for Japan and
the u.s. and South Korea to apply
pressure including the United Nations
sanctions with the United States called
to stand firm against North Korea South
Korean hopes of mediating a historic
breakthrough may now be as shattered as
the tunnels of Pyong Geary Rob McBride
al Jazeera sold
