twenty-five days old sick with fever and
surrounded by water baby Nepalese
parents called in the Navy to help get
her to the doctor it's difficult she
didn't sleep last night so we decided to
take her to the hospital
the family is one of thousands caught in
floods in sri lanka it's both services
like this that have helped people
marooned by the floodwaters like here in
bulleting Hellenic Alexandra district to
get to central areas torrential rains
marking the start of the monsoon season
brought more water in a few days than
most places see in a year this caused a
number of major rivers to burst their
banks affecting more than 120,000 people
in half of the country's 25 districts
landslides are another worry in the
colour thora district which saw a number
of people buried alive in 2017 the
National Building Research Organisation
says unauthorised building and
development work are to blame 80% of
these incidents a man-made those that we
have created landslides and natural
occurrences but man provides the trigger
lessons learned from earlier flood
disasters seem to be helping the lack of
planning left authorities struggling to
cope last year which saw more than 200
deaths and thousands of people stranded
with no relief for days
officials say disaster preparedness has
made a major difference this time round
we had drills on different scenarios and
how to handle such situations in areas
prone to floods we deployed navy boats
on standby and raised awareness among
the people by flood waters in certain
areas are receding
Maureen's are forecast overnight this
will certainly be a worry for baby net
miss parents as they battle to get her
well benefi Nanda's al Jazeera bullets
in hala Sri Lanka
