let's go back to our Washington DC White
House correspondent Kimberly halket
you've been listening in to certainly
what James BAE's had to say what
Adrienne Brown had to say from Beijing
and of course
Tyler white there from Nebraska and
varying views they all seemed to
converge on the same conclusion at the
moment but moment that both Washington
and Pyongyang need to talk to each other
it's really what the next move will be
what are you hearing so far well I'm
just was having this opportunity to kind
of look at some of the past statements
that were made in the last 48 hours
coming out of Washington coming out of
the Trump administration I think it's
important to to think about what has
been set up to this point with regard to
what will happen moving forward if this
summit doesn't occur what we've
consistently heard from the Trump
administration is they said if talks
fail if this summit is in some way
postponed or canceled then the maximum
pressure campaign continues and this is
something that the US president said
when the German Chancellor Angela Merkel
was here many weeks ago and certainly
this is something that he said would be
in coordination with US allies so that's
the first thing that we have to to kind
of examine is now what the maximum
pressure campaign in terms of tough
financial sanctions isolating North
Korea according to the Trump
administration and apparently also US
allies that this will continue the other
thing that we need to consider in all of
this because certainly we've been
talking about the National Security
Advisor John Bolton also Mike Pence the
u.s. vice president there comments about
the Libya model seeming to to really be
the the the point that was most
concerning for North Korea and that's
why they sent this very strong statement
which ultimately the US president says
was the reason he decided to cancel the
summit but we also have to look at where
who else might be to blame for all of
this and certainly we saw just two days
ago as the South Korean president moon
jaein was here at the White House we
started to see the u.s. president laying
some blame against China for potentially
changing the dynamic in terms of that
relationship between the North Korean
leader and the United States I was
looking at what the president had
saying he said President Xi the Chinese
president is a is a friend that's what
the US president called him but he also
called him a world-class poker player in
other words suggesting that there was
some trickery going on and even saying
that something happened after that
second meeting where Kim jong-un was in
China suggesting that there was some
sort of as your guest pointed out
perhaps assurance that had been provided
if if you do not like what you're
hearing from the United States chairman
we will have your back so perhaps this
has emboldened perhaps now the US
president will lay some blame with China
instead of with his own administration
that clearly has been very toxic in
terms of rhetoric towards North Korea
you have to remember very recently in
the last year or so John Bolton penned
an editorial in The Wall Street Journal
where he made up the legal case for a
preemptive strike on North Korea this
man has been toxic with regard to his
rhetoric towards North Korea for years
more than a decade and this is someone
that North Korea has long not like
Donald Trump specifically just pulled
him in to be his new national security
adviser knowing that this summit was on
the horizon so there may be a little bit
of sort of Washington massaging of the
story spinning as they like to call it
here in terms of the facts trying to lay
the blame there's no question that
already we saw even before the
cancellation of the summit the US
president pointing a finger at China at
President Xi as perhaps the reason that
things were not moving forward as he had
hoped in terms of the talks for June
12th that now have of course been
cancelled
