hamana Guild M Americas ah and his wife
Jean Marie are still grieving three
years ago their 15 year old son was
killed by security forces in
presidential election violence he was
among the first to dine protests against
President Peron croons Inza who then
warned a controversial third term their
other son is in jail for life convicted
for participating in an attempted coup
against the president every other time
the police coming here to such our homes
for weapons and this creates a lot of
tension and fear I personally don't have
any whip on the protests in court
Hampton 2015 hundreds of people have
been killed
about four hundred thousand are still in
refugee camps both the government and
opposition have been blamed for the
violence
today the kind of scenes witnessed back
then are gone but people are still
living in fear and uncertainty human
rights and opposition groups have
levelled accusations of abuse at
government forces and members of the
ruling party's youth wing called in
boner occurrence they say people were
killed beaten and arrested in the
lead-up to the referendum on
constitutional changes being assaulted
Agathon Raza is one of the few
opposition leaders still in the country
after many were forced into exile he
says there's no freedom of expression or
media if you hear that they are
disappearances yeah and they're this
means that after all the situation is
not that good as one could pretend
because everybody needs to live quietly
in his village or in his in his area in
the in cities or elsewhere and security
must be granted to each and everybody
but state officials blame the opposition
human rights groups and other
international bodies of tarnishing the
image of the country to put pressure on
the government to hold talks
it seems that some individuals are
trying to manipulate even the UN
Security Council
so that Burundi can accept to to violate
its own laws and go to negotiate with
cool waters many people in the city told
us that the security situation has
improved but they also hope they'll come
a time when they can freely talk about
important matters that affect them
without fear of arrest or intimidation
Catherine saw al-jazeera Bujumbura
