over the past century meat consumption
has risen dramatically a growing and
more affluent population wants more and
more of it an industrialized farming has
made it a staple by 2050 global
appetites are set to more than double
which is environmentally unsustainable
the scientists have come up with a
breakthrough solution to the problem
which means in the future the meat we
see here won't come from the farm but
from a laboratory this place is hopping
it's really busy in there and it's not
even noon people are serious about their
meat and I ask you what you're buying
that's this tree everybody how much meat
would you say you guys go through in a
week full Wow like a full Noah's Ark can
here serve enough every week
on average Britons get through 84 kilos
a week per person per year and it isn't
just an eat at home treat at Corrigan's
in Mayfair they cater to a mainly
meat-eating clientele
how important would you say heat is to
the menu year it doesn't matter how how
much the trends keep changing there's
always going to be somebody looking for
something like this
could you imagine ever a day where
you're placing a meat that was grown in
a laboratory on that master barbecue I
would find it hard to believe our unique
selling points would be gone
Conrad's beeps like this getting it from
the farm to here to the customer is what
we're all about
for me what is appealing about the
lab-grown option is that no animals are
killed and it takes up less
environmental space and there's less of
an impact on the waterways in the land
and I feel like that could kind of maybe
offer a sort of an alternative to this
demand that isn't diminishing what do
you think about that I would like you to
fetus and trying and trying to sell it
to to a consumer I think I can
understand aidan skepticism but
lab-grown meat is already a reality and
it's only a matter of time before it
reaches the public in 2013 dr. mark
Bosque and his team at the University of
Maastricht in Holland made headline news
when they proved it was possible to grow
meat with a single cow muscle sample if
you like conventional hamburger and now
the race is on with scientists competing
to be the first to create a lab girl
burger to market to the masses
I've come to the University of
Maastricht in Holland or dr. post has
agreed to talk me through how they make
cultured meat mark and his colleagues
are one of a number of teams around the
world who are searching for a way to
scale up production of lab-grown meat if
they succeed the environmental impact
could be enormous cows are ruminants
they have these funny malty stomach
things were they basically bacteria in
their stomach ferment and in that
fermentation process methane gets
released that's affecting global warming
and the climate and methane is actually
a very powerful greenhouse gas is 20
times more powerful than co2 so yeah and
and livestock is accountable for 40% of
all methane emission the impact of
farming cattle on climate change is so
significant that some experts believe
giving up beef reduces our carbon
footprint more than giving up cars but
how do we get a hamburger from a
test-tube
so this is a small piece of muscle taken
from with a biopsy with a needle biopsy
this is taken half an hour ago from
Macau what's the next step then once you
do the extraction the the stem cells in
a muscle are just sitting there waiting
to repair the tissue and it's injured so
the muscle fibers is torn then the cell
stem cells come in and they start to
proliferate and form a new muscle tissue
that's what they do in the body so what
we're doing right now is dissecting
dissecting every single muscle fiber so
that the stem cells kind of think well
there's an injury here we need to start
coming out and start to proliferate that
helps them multiply tricking them into
thinking they need to repair a part of
the body right so out of this small
extraction that we've taken
how many paddies do you think we could
grow about 80,000 80,000 burger patties
just from this bit of liquid right
that's unbelievable the tissue is then
placed into a blender before an enzyme
is added to break it down even further
into individual muscle fibers so by
maximizing how much you break down the
tissue in and encourage the cells to
multiply you're getting more product out
of that bit of liquid right once broken
down further and fed a special culturing
solution the cells are placed in an
incubator so the conditions in here are
replicating the conditions inside the
cow right okay temperature temperature
oxygen oxygen co2
that they need you in the warmth they
will begin to multiply and once there
are enough cells they're taken out and
grouped together where they
automatically contract to form tissue
this is the moment I've been waiting for
actually seeing a tangible burger so
this is this is the end result where you
have the individual fibers so this is
about 400 of those fibers the entire
hamburger is about 10,000 yeah I mean
that look that looks like mince meat for
me that's absolutely mint and grown
purely in a lab this is growing purely
in a lab yeah and this is pure meat
though mark and his colleagues have
proved that the science works the
challenge for his team and others all
around the world is producing cultured
meat in a cost-effective way
I'm hoping pewter verse trademarks
business partner can offer some thoughts
on who might be the first to get this
product to supermarket shelves hi
Guillory welcome be sweet yeah come in
Thanks the initial breakthroughs really
happened in the labs here but the idea
is really taken off in the US and
Silicon Valley where all the tech
startups are and there seems to be a
space race to get this product on the
shelves what's going on over there and
how does that compete with what's
happening here well to be honest we
don't exactly know what's going on there
we know that a lot of money investment
money's going to words several companies
and they all sort of have the same
tentative timing with respect to them
going to the market as we have being
that in a couple of years the first
initial small introduction in the
markets over eight products will happen
and I was going to be the first wheel
out to see there's no question the
future of meat will be different for all
of us but if I'm honest I'm not sure
what I think about eating meat grown in
a lab
and I suspect that I'm not alone hi I'm
Hillary hi pleased to meet you court von
men's board an AB student based artist
is determined to get us to confront our
discomfort starting with the future
forward cookbook not in every kitchen
yet is it not yet it's 45 recipes you
cannot cook yet so all these dishes they
are specifically made to stir the
conversation I hope it will familiarize
more people with this new technology so
that it's less scary and it will
facilitate the conversation around it so
that we can make better choices on which
what we actually want did I see a
classic kebab in there as an Iranian
that's the one I'm yeah well this is
indeed in vitro kebab it has its own bio
incubator so basically this kebab will
be growing infinitely it's interesting
when I think of the kebab and
and and my culture I mean the slaughter
of the animal and the preparation of the
food the whole ritual is such a big part
of different cultures I think it might
be really hard to sort of separate the
two absolutely yes and we can only do it
if we replace it with new kinds of
rituals or behaviors that's have new
meaning as well court expects that
within the next ten years we will all be
confronted by lab-grown meat on our
plates in readiness of that she's taking
reservations at an unusual restaurant is
this an actual restaurant that you go to
or is it an online one or how does it
work it's called in vitro bistro right
now it's only an online restaurant and
we serve food for false because we only
take reservations from 2028 what you do
is pick a start or a main course and a
dessert this one is for more Korean
people well because in Korea there's
this habit of eating live octopus Oh
and this is something similar over them
completely synthetic and it it moves but
it this doesn't have cell system it does
not feel pain and there it goes
not for you I know yeah from April rehab
we have room April 2029 and you look
something for my birthday
okay I think you're booking a few
minutes so 2020
