after his father was killed by ISIL
Mahmoud Nagi relies on his brothers to
help him get around mundane tasks such
as going to the bathroom is a challenge
he's among two million displaced Iraqis
Nagi was forced to leave his home in
Fallujah
during the fight against ISIL Nagi runs
a small shop and during the fasting
month of Ramadan children buy more
things Ramadan is the month of blessing
and prosperity we just hope to go back
home to find a cure for my condition
that's all I ask from Allah the UN
Children agency says 4 million Iraqi
children are in need of assistance and
one in four is living in poverty their
suffering becomes more apparent during
traditional and religious events for
many families this is the fifth Ramadan
away from home people displaced from
Ramadi and Fallujah had been telling us
after they lost their homes in the fight
against ISIL they have nothing to return
to now geez mom lost her husband and
while living in the camp person
disappeared when he went looking for
work it's been years and her home is
gone but she still misses it Madonna now
home in Fallujah was way better than the
camp we wish we could spend it among our
family members and relatives no more
Ramadan prayers here this year this is
all that's left of the centuries-old
Nuri mosque in Mosul some of the
displaced have returned to the rubble of
their homes electricity in water are
luxuries here a concrete shell with no
plaster or paint is home for the Ibrahim
family they have no money to rebuild
their lives sana lost her home when
Iraqi troops advanced into Muslims old
city
she says shrapnel hit her elder daughter
when they were running from the fighting
and since then things have never been
the same since ISIL we have not been
able to feel the blessings of Ramadan
for us it's only hunger and poverty this
year we are dependent on the goodwill of
people who help us we call on the
government to also help these are
recurring stories across Iraq ISIL may
be gone but the scars of war will take
years to heal the spirit of Ramadan is
about empathy and care even with what
little they have Iraqis would insist
that you
their meal they say no amount of
suffering or conflict can take away this
tradition of generosity so I'm having
Javed al jazeera Baghdad
