there is a battle of ideas happening in
the Gulf one that may determine the
future of the region we are the oldest
ally of America and the Middle East
and while Saudi Arabia and its Crown
Prince Mohammed bin Salman or MBS have
received much of the attention for the
blockade of Qatar another Crown Prince
Mohammed bin Zayed or mbz is in many
ways the most important character in
this story
he's the de facto ruler the most
powerful man in the United Arab Emirates
and his views on Qatar al-jazeera the
Muslim Brotherhood and Iran have shaped
much of the messaging used in the Gulf
crisis over the past few years
these crown prince's NBS and mbz have
amassed a lot of power and brought their
countries closer together under a more
assertive and hawkish foreign policy to
fight terrorism and to push back on
Iranian influence across the Middle East
and while this may resonate with Western
policymakers the approach has further
destabilized the region one that's still
figuring out the legacy of the Arab
Spring
the Saudi and Emirati government
supported the military coup that toppled
Egypt's first democratically-elected
president Mohamed Morsi opting for their
version of strongman stability over
rapid Democratic Change mbz in
particular has long considered morsi's
political party the Muslim Brotherhood a
mortal enemy it's one of the oldest and
largest social and political movements
in the Arab world and believes that
Islamic principles should regulate all
aspects of public and personal life and
their calls for political activism and
electoral legitimacy have often been
considered a threat by monarchies
dictatorships and semi democracies in
the region since they've wielded power
at the ballot box the party in its
various ideological offshoots have
millions of supporters across the Middle
East and North Africa as well as
millions of critics including the ruling
circle in Abu Dhabi they were rattled by
the rise of Muslim Brotherhood linked
parties after the Arab Spring after they
participated in elections and served in
Parliament's and governments from
Tunisia to Jordan and Kuwait so this old
line over the different perspectives on
the role of the Muslim Brotherhood has
grown since the Arab Spring some
countries engaged or at least tolerated
populist movements but the UAE went
after them
in fact mbz has targeted the Muslim
Brotherhood in his country since the
1990s and the 9/11 attacks hit the UAE
close to home while 15 of the hijackers
were Saudi to Emiratis crashed United
Airlines flight 175 into the South Tower
and nearly all of the money that
financed the 9/11 hijackers float
through UAE banks and used UAE wire
transfers so after 9/11 the UAE
criminalized money laundering and
illicit fund raising and increased
security cooperation with the United
States they also cracked down on what
they identified as extremists including
Alice LA a non-violent social movement
in the UAE which mbz saw as a political
and existential threat since it was
ideologically linked to the Muslim
Brotherhood his security services
arrested their leaders excluded them
from public office closed their
charities and even stripped some
Emiratis of citizenship human
Swach has talked about this they called
it a new low in the human rights record
of the UAE our threshold is quite low
when we talk about extremism for many
countries the definition of terror is
that you have to carry an a weapon and
terrorize terrorize people for us it's
far beyond that we cannot tolerate even
the smallest and the tiniest amount of
terrorism terrorism is political by
definition and powerful people use its
definition the world over for political
purposes the UAE s broad definition of
terrorists which has dominated the media
campaign throughout the blockade is so
out there it's rejected by the US EU and
the UN and even though he doesn't speak
openly about this topic nbz has often
shared his views with US diplomats
during the Bush administration nbz often
spoke about the supposed influence of
the Brotherhood from school curricula to
the Armed Forces where he identified
them in the military and put them
through a form of reverse brainwashing
and spoke of a desire to take them down
in a way that they'd never come back
after the US invasion of Iraq he blamed
al-jazeera for having a negative
influence on the Arab public saying that
it underscored the problem that he
sometimes has with a free media while
Iran has long been the UAE top security
threat before the Arab Spring nbz spoke
of the Muslim Brotherhood as a hidden
force that stirs up the Arab public
rendering the traditional leaders of
Arab society impotent he spoke of the
Brotherhood Hamas and Hezbollah and
Osama bin Laden in one breath grouping
them all as transnational threats posing
as national movements and he continued
growing more suspicious of this network
and of Qatar telling US diplomats in
2009 that he believed that Qatar was
part of the Muslim Brotherhood and that
al-jazeera the most popular news channel
in the Arab world had a negative impact
on his family
his son had apparently voiced some anti
Western views from quote watching too
much al Jazeera so he sent him on a
humanitarian aid trip to Ethiopia with
the Red Cross to correct his views the
WikiLeaks cables describe a man who
feels it's his duty as a father and a
ruler to maintain the integrity of the
UAE and he paints the perceived threats
against it with a broad brush in 2014
his definition of terrorism was more
widely accepted after UAE president
Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan had a stroke
NBC became the de facto ruler and the
battle of ideas entered a new phase as
millions of dollars started flowing to
PR firms lobbyists and neo conservative
think tanks to sell his threat
assessment the UAE even started paying
millions of dollars for Egypt's lobbying
efforts in DC to amplify its voice in
Washington but the Obama administration
wouldn't give the Emiratis the support
they wanted to take more aggressive
steps against their Gulf neighbor even
though the u.s. stood by its Saudi and
Emirati allies in Egypt and Yemen but
those interests aligned under Donald
Trump who provided a golden opportunity
for Abu Dhabi to take bolder measures
and thanks to WikiLeaks we can now see
how the language used by the Emiratis in
private would later form the ideological
backbone of the blockade on cats our
