when quarterback colin kaepernick knelt
during the national anthem two years ago
it was the beginning of a controversial
movement that gained national attention
for Kaepernick and the players that
steadily joined him it was their way of
protesting against police brutality and
racial injustice the issue divided
sports fans
one game vice president Mike Pence left
after athletes knelt and president Trump
has repeatedly made his feelings clear
we're proud of our country we respect
our flag wouldn't you love to see one of
these NFL owners when somebody
disrespects our flag to say get that son
of AB up the field right now out he's
fired he's fired in response to the
controversy the National Football League
says teams whose players don't respect
the flag and the anthem will now be
fined they go on to say that players who
choose not to stand can stay in their
locker rooms
I think our clubs all see this the same
way that we want our players to stand
we're going to continue to encourage
them to stand and we're going to
continue to work on these issues in the
community the new rules come a day after
NFL teams pledged 90 million dollars
towards social justice programs but the
Players Union wasn't consulted
we're not foolish to think that that
wasn't part of those discussions in the
National Football League maybe feels
that they're not going to get as much
brush back to players in terms of making
this decision and I think they already
have to solution trees versus them
already what is going to look like one
Sundays and after football league if
during the natural answer the sidelines
that's a big gamble
the recent years attendance at games and
TV ratings have fallen some fear because
of the protests the new set of rules are
aimed at ending the controversy but it
may be far from over and a Gallacher al
Jazeera
