the New York Times says Jamal khashoggi
was murdered inside the Saudi consulate
in Istanbul Turkish media have published
pictures of what they say are the agent
sent to kill him but the Saudis insist
he left the building so what happened to
her Shastri this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program Ahmad
Abdul Hamid on the afternoon of Tuesday
October 2nd Jamal Hajj gree walked into
the Saudi Arabian consulate in Istanbul
his fiancee who was waiting for him
outside says he never came out now we
know more about what may have happened
we have a lot to discuss with our guests
but first this report with the latest
from Stephanie Decker in Istanbul
Turkish sources say these men arrived at
Istanbul Airport with a mission to
either abduct or kill Jamil hisagi they
flew into Istanbul on the same day the
Saudi journalist was due to return to
the consulate to finalize some paperwork
they are suspected to have been inside
the consulate when hisagi entered the
building around a quarter past one local
time on the afternoon of the second of
October the Turkish newspaper has
published the pictures and the names of
the 15 Saudi nationals that the Turks
say were part of a so-called Saudi hit
squad
the New York Times goes into further
detail quoting an anonymous senior
Turkish official saying Ankara believes
hisagi was killed inside the consulate
at the orders of the highest level of
the Saudi royal court then gruesome
detail the Posche Raja was killed within
two hours of this moment and that his
body was dismembered by the Saudi team
with a bone saw in what seems to be a
deluge of leaks the Washington Post then
divulging that before his disappearance
US intelligence intercepted
communications of Saudi officials
discussing possibly detaining Jamal
Hajji it is unclear whether he was ever
warned I'm very surprised that one would
would confirm this by letting the
information out now the fact what has
been intercepted is also notable because
if true and there now seem to be
increasing disparate bits of information
that corroborate or substantiate the
other pieces of information it would be
a shocking act and the grotesquely
glaring one which therefore for an
intelligence operation would be really
incompetent to lure someone into your
own consulate and then murder the person
and
and while you know that your entrances
and exits are all being videoed is
astounding really well this new
information seems to be an orchestrated
attempt by the Turkish authorities to
ramp up the pressure on Saudi Arabia no
Turkish official has officially gone on
camera and no evidence has been
presented to back up those allegations
this is a story with major political
sensitivities her Shah jees fiance
Hatice jenga's is seen here waiting for
her fiance outside the consulate and she
is written in The Washington Post the US
paper Haji contributed to pleading with
the u.s. President to clarify what
happened to her fiance and asking the
Saudis to release security camera
footage she says she doesn't want to
believe that he's been killed Stephanie
Decker al Jazeera Istanbul pulp fiction
that's how a Turkish official is
describing their hush-hush G saga well
to discuss more we have our guest
joining us from Washington DC is Ali
Ahmed director of the Gulf affairs
Institute and a former political
prisoner in Saudi Arabia in London
joining us on skype Chris Phillips the
former head of the national
counter-terrorist security office in the
UK and sabaha Hosea he is a lecturer at
the city of Bristol College in the UK
welcome to all of you Ali laughs let me
start with you the New York Times claims
that actually hi Sharkey was killed
inside the consulate and that those
orders came from the highest levels of
the royal court how credible is that for
you I'm not sure yet about if he was
killed or or kidnapped yeah but it's
true it's very clear to us after the
releasing the 15-member the names of
these of this team that two of them at
least are personal bodyguards of
Mohammed bin Salman the crown prince so
this is looks to me from looking at the
names that this was not even an
intelligence operation because this is a
hodgepodge of
bodyguards here and some doctor from the
Minister of the Interior and some other
people who even in one of them works in
in the in the in the Special Forces in
the army so this was not an intelligence
professional operation and I think
that's why they have a lot of a lot of
evidence and they didn't do a good job
but we don't know if this was a murder I
would assume this was more of a kidnap
attempt that went wrong if it did occur
it did if it did go wrong but if it was
a murder then again this is this this is
like what the Turkish government said
came from Mohammed bin Salman absolutely
there is no doubt about that well it has
to be underlined as you said that most
of the information we have so far which
is they ate since when Jamarcus shortly
went into the consulate is coming to us
through the media we haven't heard any
official version yet but so behind whose
are they one fact is that there is a 15
member team that arrived from Saudi
Arabia to Istanbul early in the early
hours of the morning of that day October
2nd as 2nd another also route that is
that came out right today is that the
Washington Post is saying that exciting
the US intelligence services are saying
that they had actually they had
intercepted communications between
Saudis discussing the capture of Jamal
hasari why is Jamal Kishori was such a
concern for the Saudi royal family first
of all there is no fact at all from this
all pour fabricated stories and
intelligence you know informations the
only fact is Jamal kochak she
disappeared where is he
God knows I hope and I pray to God that
he is still alive when you see first
three games
what is fabricates it's true that so far
there is no official version but why do
you say that
fabricated story well if you if you
listen to me a few if you can't if you
let me in a continued you will you will
see what I'm going to say I don't trust
the Washington Post I don't trust the
New York Times the same the same a
newspapers back in 1991 before the
invasion of Iraq they have succeed up
exaggerated prefabricated all the
stories against Iraq and and even the
Colin Powell theoretically theoretical
in a theatrical play in the United
Nation about this case here
just imagine yeah okay let me finish
please
and back in 1204 gets 2004 this is what
happened The Washington Post apologizes
for underplaying WMD skeptism they say
that we were more concerned getting
stories first than getting stories right
their motors at that time we are going
to war why we are we are even contrary
stuff and exactly the same thing is
happening now the something is happening
now how can you be sure that stories are
fabricated because the this is history
okay we're not talking about Saudi
Arabia there is knows that there is no
history in Saudi Arabia kills or or
assassinate you know opponent or
dissidents except two famous countries
Israel and Iran Saudi Arabia know how
stupid is to kill a dissident or
opponent inside the embassy and the
funny things there are twenty to thirty
people involved certainly over the past
year over the past few years or spot
there has been many stories of people
being detained and people being charged
without any proof in Saudi Arabia
there's all these you know there have
been many stories lately didn't go as
far as killing but if I remember well
there was also no this no no don't don't
get not mixed the issues please Hoda
okay between internal and external
affairs
internal affairs this is another
completely different matter if you go to
yeah that's good if you go to Google
machine in a searching machine and put
you know any assassination or abduction
and an embassy you never see there is
nothing whatsoever this is the first
time I know from where from Saudi Arabia
this is fourth and twenty to thirty
people involved in Salisbury in
Salisbury poisoning in a scribble it's
only two Russian involved again stupid
and how old is the Saudis intelligence
twenty to thirty people
no way well I don't believe in that I
don't take it at all okay let's call now
on the expertise of Chris here I mean
the now those Turkish authorities are
saying that they're gonna get access to
the consulate in Istanbul but it's the
eight days later maybe nine they still
haven't gone in and they also asked for
access to the residence of the general
consul at this stage will they be able
to find anything
well of course any investigation like
this that the time is crucial the
earlier that you get access to a crime
scene whatever that crime is whether or
not it's an abduction or whether it's an
assassination we don't know yet to be
quite fair but of course the the police
need to get access to that and and
whether it's forensics or other parts of
the investigation is really important to
get early access now eight nine days
later items could have been cleaned the
area could have been cleaned up and it
would be more difficult for them to get
evidence I think there's so much to this
case that I don't think it can be more
difficult for the for the Turkish
authorities to conduct an investigation
it's in the location which is
effectively another country and what
access they get who are they allowed to
get take into that building will be will
time will tell but without the full
forensic investigation then we won't
know and as you say time really matters
and an evidence is lost over time well
Chris when you read about all what's
being reported these days it
did anything really strike you or any
details strike you the most and all of
this did anything boy maybe made your
mind in one direction or the other well
the whole point of an investigation is
that you keep your mind open and it
could of course be lots of there could
be lots of different stories around this
I imagine there's a lot that's known
under the surface through intelligence
agencies that's not been given to the
media at the moment and and that will
probably steer the authorities in one
direction or another I mean none of us
know without some evidence none of us
know at all that we've got the moment is
a man has disappeared and he's
disappeared from inside an embassy which
is unprecedented and you just wouldn't
like to think that any country in the
world would do something like that but
of course you've got to keep your mind
open and you know people die all the
time and it's it's if the investigation
is allowed to to go its course then
we'll all have a better chance of
knowing what's happened okay and Ali I
was I was watching you nod in this
Agreement earlier well what what do you
want to say I want to say that you know
the the pictures of the 15 Saudis coming
into Istanbul and that day is a fact we
have their pictures when they got into
the to Turkey and when they get their
visa and we have their names of their
passport so we have those pictures and
we have their names on Saudi TV or in
Saudi media the same people the same
faces one or two of them are members of
the South of MPS's personal Royal Guards
the his one of them as irani is is his
buddy good luck so that's what makes so
how how can you have the bodyguard for
MBS in a sample at that day going into
the embassy and leaving and these
private jets that that went with Tory
other via Egypt and UAE these are facts
these are not fabrications so what is
that setting why these people are there
okay what fact their pictures are there
that I have looked at they at the the
pictures I have looked at the
airline or the air these two Jets I have
records companies will flower who
monitor the flight path of these two
airplanes that are charted by the Saudi
Ministry of Defense that HZ k s1 and h
zk s - these are the plane and that we
have videos of these planes so it's
there is this is an established videos
pictures names this is a fact and the
man disappeared that's a fact so I mean
how can you explain the presence of 15
Saudis in the consulate that day but
what is what is the what is the answer
to that okay the Saudis have people
before and they and they have killed
people inside the country so let me
finish I didn't cut you off so the
Saudis did kidnap Nasser side famously
from Beirut and his faith has never been
known he's probably killed and they have
assassinated he never saw DRA B has a
death squad that they have killed the
protesters even young ones so this is
nothing new
yes other because other countries like
Iran and Israel and Syria does it it's
not Saudi Arabia's not going to do it
because it's a crazy idea that the thing
is the person who detains an elected
head of a government they saddle Hariri
I don't think this is beyond him to kill
a dissident in the embassy because they
sometimes power makes you do crazy
things and this is exactly what we are
seeing we have an the mad king of Saudi
Arabia making these decisions because he
thinks he can do it without any
repercussions just like in the case of
of Hariri and like the case of killing
thousands of Yemenis and starving the
entire population with no reaction from
the international community I know you
disagree with what which what is being
said but there are certain facts here
completely the first fact is that
Ramallah - oh she left
Saudi Arabia a year ago because he
feared for his own safety and he said it
wasn't a place where you could speak
your mind anymore another fact is that
he entered
that consulate shortly after 1:00 p.m.
on October 2nd and he never came out or
was never seen after that the Saudis are
saying he came out from a back door but
why would he if his fiancee was waiting
from the front and people any visitor
comes in from the comes in and out from
the front door
this is naive and this is this is you
know primitive I mean in a thinking you
can't say that everything is fact you've
seen their pictures so it could be
fabricated I mean let me remind you I
remind you know my colleagues in London
you remember the Blair Doce back before
the Iraq invasion the 45-minutes attack
Saddam Hussein will attack Britain and
fight in 45 minutes
Saddam Hussein has no weapons of mass
destruction Saddam Hussein has has links
with al-qaeda under nothing there so
it's easy it's easy to fabricate things
is intelligence this is one the other
thing if if you want to ask me if you
want to tell me that you know there are
some in Saudi Arabia have done this
before no this is not true please say
the truth okay the true is there is
another side Chukchi the pootatuck she
is not there the truth is as Hajduk she
is not there he's being kidnapped from
outside not because he is destined or he
is against his government no the most
important reason there are many reasons
he is he is against you know the
militias of Iran in Syria he is
supporting the the Saudi war against the
the outlawed Houthi in Yemen that's who
the the and so he's always with with his
government but the self-imposed
self-imposed exile and USA that's fair
enough
he's got a very good friendship with his
Excellency Amir harlot the ambassador of
your of Saudi Arabia and USA and he's
got so many contacts with all with
everybody in Saudi Arabia still till now
so there is no there is no reason
whatsoever to assassinate him or to
terminate him or objecting whatsoever
there is a conspiracy he's been
kidnapped from outside the embassy he's
in kidnaps so in you if he's been
kidnapped from outside the embassy by
whom by the third party as octan says a
third party the deep states the deep
state he said it very clearly why don't
take this as a fact he said that the
deep state okay and and the other okay
let me just bring in most information
yeah once again I'm just gonna bring in
the most information came from his from
from his fiancee and fiancee has gotten
a very suspicious contacts and links
with with with top governments in Qatar
top government and Hamas two of
governments in Amman top governments and
in Turkey and she's got you know so many
relations suspicious relations with the
Brotherhood arenas in London let me
bring in Chris I know it's all we are
speculating here but it is a fascinating
story if not grim as something wrong so
you have this man who goes to the
consulate to do to get a divorce
certificate now if we listen to what was
leaked in the Turkish media also in some
of the US media these 15 hits hit squad
men part some of them are special forces
intelligence officers national guards
and a forensic expert they come in with
a vet with vans no luggage apparently
and they leave with luggage and some of
them had to the residents of the general
council now in your view if you were
investigating this what what would be
credible or not credible for you and
also just a little detail Saudi the the
the consulate says that the CCTV cameras
on that day didn't record anything is
that plausible or not well I mean all
these things go towards circumstantial
evidence that says something very
unusual happened of course it doesn't
mean to say he's been murdered and
chopped up as I think has been mentioned
and taken back to Saudi Arabia it
doesn't mean that but it goes to point
in a direction particularly as this has
been announced and I don't think you
would announce something like there's
certainly the Turkish government
announcer something like this if they
didn't have some other information which
is leading them in that direction so I
think what in the fullness of time we'll
find out exactly what's happened as I
said it's very difficult to conduct an
investigation in a embassy because it's
it is part of Saudi Arabia so they don't
have to supply access to any any
investigation team but I think I think
there'll be a lot more known about this
and and I think that's what will come
out bit by bit as we've seen with the
Russians crippled attempted murders
there then information intelligence gets
leaked out over the next few months and
years and we will eventually find this
out I think the chances of anything ever
come into a court case is is pretty much
zero a it's happened in in embassy
anyway so it'd be unprecedented for for
that to end up in a court case but of
course it's really important and it's
important for the it's important for the
for the country for the people that we
can't allow this sort of stuff to go on
if if what we're saying has happened
then that just it's not acceptable and
it needs to be stopped and we seem to be
moving into a an era where countries are
doing things really outrageous actions
that we've we haven't seen for many many
years so so you know there there are
other possibilities that could have
happened and the Istanbul the Turkish
police will want to investigate those
but getting access to the embassy is
going to be impossible but I would say
there's other bits that might be useful
as well so any CCTV cameras of the area
not just attached to the embassy there
will be other cameras about CCTV cameras
in the airports where they've been
traveling through and of course on the
route as well so so there's lots of
other evidence that can be collected but
the difficulties for the investigators
are enormous well some city is some CCTV
footage has already been released and it
has to be said that the Saudis have
agreed for a Turkish investigation team
to go into the consulate building now I
will just briefly wear because we're
gonna
reach the end of the program very soon
it's very difficult to reach any
conclusions but I think the bigger
picture in all of this is that you have
a Saudi regime at the moment who is not
accepting any kind of critique
even though Jamal Kakashi has always
said that he was neither he was not in
the opposition and he was not in the
descent camp so but it's a bit scary if
that if any of this comes out to be true
that they could be so far-reaching yeah
I think you know Jamal it was a loyalist
he says that he has loyalty and you know
allegiance to the king he was critical
of MBS and but this makes it even more
dangerous for him because the MBS and
the Saudi monarchy in general does not
want to have or give ideas to its
followers that they can defect or
criticize because if they don't send a
strong message that that you cannot do
that and you will have you will pay a
heavy price if you do then you will have
a wave of defection so that makes it
more dangerous than being just a
dissident like myself and I was a target
myself for abduction and and other
activities hacking spying you name it
and the the reality is what I wanted to
add is that I think the police police
police police I don't cut me out be
behaved please what what police should
look at I know they cannot go inside the
behaved please
so is that they they could look at
refused the garbage if you kill somebody
you need to put a huge piece of plastic
and that's very hard to get rid of
plastic so the plastic might have gone
with the trash with the garbage you know
they can in the case of Russia here when
they had to evacuate a consulate in San
Francisco they burnt stuff so if there
is a fire in the in the in the fireplace
that will people in this time of the
year people will notice that there is a
fire there burning plastic or were or
something else so these things have to
have to look at that because they can
find evidence I think
I think well now all eyes are on the
investigation in Istanbul but also
everybody from the White House or the EU
and around the world want to get more
clarification from the Saudi government
that will probably take a few days if
not a few weeks to come but we have
reached the end of this show so thanks
to all our guests Ali Ahmed chrisphillip
and sabaha Jose and thank you too for
watching you can see the program again
anytime by visiting our website
aljazeera.com
and for further discussion go to our
Facebook page that's facebook.com
forward slash AJ Inside Story
you can also join the conversation on
twitter our handle is at aj inside story
for me hard abdul hameed and the whole
team here in Doha bye for now
you
