hi Emily could be Ladd and you're in the
stream live on al-jazeera and YouTube
today the growing migrant crisis in
Latin America has hundreds of thousands
of Venezuelans flee their country
seeking economic and political stability
what can the international community do
hi my name is Carly Pearson I'm a lawyer
writer and activist in your industry the
epicenter of the refugee crisis is along
the Venezuelan and Colombian border
where roughly 35,000 Venezuelans crossed
every day in search of work
food or medicine it's believed that
3,000 to 5,000 people who make the daily
sojourn end up staying in Colombia or
from there make their way to other
countries so how should the
international community respond to this
growing problem well here in the studio
to discuss this we have Danny Behar he
is a Venezuelan economist and fellow at
the Brookings Institution also in our
studio Fabiola Rondon Delgado
she's a Venezuelan attorney and human
rights activist in Bogota Colombia ari
Santorum piatti he's a reporter with
al-jazeera English who has been covering
this issue for the network and in the
Netherlands joseph Mercs he's the UNHCR
representative in Colombia welcome
everyone to the stream I want to start
with the headline here on my computer
this via Forbes but they're not the only
ones they're calling this the biggest
migrant crisis in the Americas and say
it's taking place in Venezuela Alesandro
help give us some context for this why
are people fleeing well Malik
essentially they're fleeing because they
don't have enough food to eat they fear
that if they remain in Venezuela they
will die they see that what they make
each month is worth always less and less
they're not able to feed their families
that are able to get three meals a day
this has been just becoming worse and
worse and it's something that has just
increased in sheer numbers in the last
a couple of years it's been we've seen
really three different waves as things
of migrations things we're getting worse
in Venezuela first we've seen people
with money who was deciding to leave
professionals that thought they could
find better jobs in other country and
they were well welcome then more and
more people from the middle class that
were not that that were losing their
savings and now finally in this last
year we've seen a great increase of the
desperate and the destitute and just
bigger and bigger numbers you mentioned
the desperate this is a tweet we got
from a member of our community truth
seeker writes
I talked to an older Venezuelan man a
few weeks ago and he said his country is
ruined by the government and the huge
problem is the economic collapse
he said food used to be so cheap and now
it's not affordable and I think that's
why Venezuelans are fleeing to Colombia
and Brazil
fabiola does this resonate with what you
know to be true
absolutely Mallika I am one of those
people who came to the US trying to find
stability I think there's a difference
between the migration of Venezuelans pre
Chavez and post Chavez because the
policies have affected the quality of
life of the Venezuelan citizens to know
that my family still there and and to
know that they cannot get food because
an apple cost more than what a professor
makes in a month or a doctor makes in a
month it's it's desperate it's
devastating I know you were telling our
producers ahead of the show that your
brother is a doctor what kinds of unique
challenges does that bring that brings
not just the challenge of famous citizen
living in the country but as a medical
professional not being able to serve
your patients the hospital is lacking
electricity water alcohol the doctors
need to ask their patients to bring
syringes if they need to be vaccinated
there's no medicine
that can be found so a lot of people are
dying out of completely preventable
diseases salvageable accidents because
there's just no resources Danny you were
recently in Venezuela what did you
witness what what did daily life look
like for many people
I was actually Colombia and the border
with Venezuela looking and talking to a
lot of these people who were fleeing and
you know each person I spoken I spoke to
they had a huge story behind them I
don't think I randomly spoke to the five
or ten people with the war stories each
one each one of them had a terrible
background story telling us that they
were really fleeing the country because
their money wasn't that they couldn't
really afford to leave or to eat with
the salaries they were getting and I
just want to mention that this is not
only about the fact that salaries have
eroded
there's no food not only because the
reason the food is expensive also has to
do with because there's actually no food
in the country the government this
government and the previous government
they they mismanaged the country in such
a manner that they destroyed all the
productive capacity of the country and
there's just simply no more money to
import food and medicines so even if you
had the money you couldn't really find
food you definitely couldn't find
medicines there's people dying because
they don't have access to insulin and I
saw couples crossing to Colombia just to
get medication their mothers just
crossing to get their children
vaccinated because they cannot find
vaccines so it goes beyond the crisis in
which you know Saturday there's
inflation and salaries purchasing power
gets weakened it's really there's no
apparatus to to provide the basic needs
to the to the city to the population
there you mentioned the government I
want I want to pull up this headline
here this via Reuters don't blame me for
Venezuelan crisis says Maduro and of
course that's Nicolas Maduro who just
won a second six-year term as president
on Sunday though the opposition and many
international players say that those
election results are disputed
but I want to take that idea and go to
these tweets we got from someone who is
a viewer of a stream they say we have to
understand the reason costs have
skyrocketed in business Venezuela it has
less to do with the government
and more to do with ours the USA America
likes to put heavy sanctions on any
country it can't control and then they
blame economic woes on the government's
the country's government it's a shame
they also mentions oil prices saying
that with oil prices being so low it
affects their economy much more than a
more diversified economy like the US so
sanctions and oil prices at a SAN zero
what do you make of these points well I
think that at this point there's no
doubt that this has been a man-made
man-made crisis and that the Venezuelan
government is responsible for what's
happening in their country they've been
in power that the chavista regime has
been in power since 1999
that's essentially more than 18 years of
consecutive power they had full control
and all of the all of the essential good
levels of power in in the country III
don't think that the chavista regime is
responsible for any of the traditional
problems that Venezuela has but you know
in all these years in power they haven't
been able to solve any of these problems
and they just made it worse and all the
social and economic progress that had
been made at the beginning
thanks to those high oil prices have now
been lost and it shows how the
government has not been able to use all
these years in power to transform the
country in a more productive way they're
still importing more than 90 percent of
what they need to feed their their
people the entire economy still based on
what they make out of oil and eve and
all those industries have just
been doing worse instead of better hmm
and now we see this so I'm pulling up
this headline here from Deutsche Welle
that says Venezuelan Exodus is
Colombia's burden just if you are
joining us via the phone in Colombia
what are you seeing what are your
representatives from UNHCR seeing as
people flee over the border you know we
are not talking that much about
Venezuela we look at the consequences in
the neighboring countries and in my case
in Colombia we see huge presence of
Venezuelan not only in the border areas
but also in big cities like voca domine
in Barranquilla moreover there's many
many Colombians that traditionally mean
had sought safety and protection inside
Venezuela that are now also returning in
big numbers so we of course not not one
country in the world is prepared for
such a big big arrival number of
arrivals in a relatively short time so
as a UN agency and UNHCR we are trying
to complement what the government is
already doing but much more need to be
done because we see people sleeping on
the streets in parts we we need more
support in all kind of fields especially
for for female-headed households for for
the children 30 40 % of the Venezuelans
in Colombia are our children and then
also a large group of Venezuelans are
continuing their journey to Ecuador to
Peru Chile Argentina and they are
transiting through through Colombia but
the others are staying and and they have
many many needs hmm Jenni you wanted to
say something yeah well not just
complaining that indeed is a huge out so
I believe that given the the fake or
election that happen on Sunday because
there's no real willingness or
capability of the government to fix the
Venezuelan government to
the issues were gonna see these outflow
increasing dramatically and this could
actually reach proportions of the crisis
that we saw coming out of the Syrian war
and I think this is really scary and
that's why it's important for the
international community to to stand up
next to countries like Colombia and and
Brasil and Equador who who are very who
have been very welcoming to these
refugees but but they still need a lot
of resources much more than that would
that work they've gotten so far so I
think that fact is is weighing heavily
on many of our community members of
minds we got this tweet on how will
Colombians embrace their neighbors
especially if many of them are actively
looking for the same resources housing
food stability we got a video comment
from someone who is echoing that
sentiment this is Jamie shank she is a
young professional important policy and
this is what she had to say regional
coordination is extremely important in
helping Colombia address and accommodate
the number of Venezuelans arriving to
the country Colombia already has one of
the highest numbers of internally
displaced people in the world after
decades of armed conflict and while
Colombians have been really welcoming to
their Venezuelan neighbors who
originally arrived knowing that
Venezuela accepted a large number of
Colombian refugees during the armed
conflict we do see an increase in
xenophobia and anti-immigrant sentiment
resentment that this feeling that Venise
ones are taking already scarce jobs are
increasing crime and that will only
increase as as Venezuelans continue to
come alisandra well a few things here
it's true that possibly up to four
million Colombians have looked for
refuge in Venezuela during the height of
the conflict here but that happened over
a period of time all those people moved
over almost 20 years and they were
moving to a country that needed labor
instead what we've seen in the last two
years is the arrival of almost a million
Venezuelans into Colombia all together
and Colombia is definitely Hill equipped
to deal with this kind of influx
so I think it's really necessary now for
the international
community to recognize this for what it
is a major refugee crisis I've seen
estimates that to deal with this number
of migrants I have the numbers here we
would need between 2.8 billion and 5.2
billion US dollars none of that money
has been raised yet the the u.s. is
saying there are 5,000 people fleeing
Venezuela on a daily basis that means
that we could expect almost two million
people and the next year arriving and so
definitely it's it's the time for this
to to be treated at the scale at which
is moving forward Joseph I I pulled up
this from the UNHCR a Twitter handle
refugees EU and they're quoting you 89
percent of Venezuelans arriving in
Colombia indicate that they want to stay
in Colombia our operations currently are
only 7 percent funded can you tell us
about the capability of your resources
but also of Colombians how are they
responding to this and do you think much
more is needed yeah definitely much more
is needed in one one sector for example
the health sector is really under a lot
of strain now because they already have
difficulties to provide the health
services to the Colombians but now it's
this additional population there's
really a lot of needs and and and the
services are very limited and many of
the Venezuelans do come with chronic
diseases are with new diseases that
didn't exist in Colombia for a long time
and and in the education sector it's the
same and probably 60% of the children
are not going to school so there's a lot
of needs and I fully agree with the
other person that said that the
international community has to do much
more and that's why we are really
worried about the funding level that you
just might say we need we need more
support we need to complement what the
government of Colombia is doing
they are doing their best they have a
good response in itself but they also as
we know next Sunday there are elections
there is a change of government and
there are many needs we can't wait for
for for the next few months we need an
immediate response and humanitarian
response based on the protection needs
of the Finnish women's jumping on that
Joseph I do believe that part of the
recognition that needs to be had is by
the Venezuelan government to accept that
there is a humanitarian crisis I think
that there is definitely a refugee
crisis but that's the consequence of
what's happening inside of the country
there's been a lot of talk about what's
happening a lot of organizations are
trying to donate medicine food give and
because the Venezuelan government does
not recognize a humanitarian crisis is
not able or accepting donations I pulled
up this year of Colombia's it's open to
receive of course support they now have
openly called for for additional support
from the international community because
they see the flow is very big and it's
it's also a regional problem because
really many people continue to Ecuador
to Peru where we had to open new offices
in Brazil as other people going in the
direction of the Caribbean
tinea Tobago Curacao so it's it needs a
regional response as well and we hope
that the governments of the different
countries that do receive a lot
Venezuelans also try to harmonize their
approach in order to get a bigger
response from the international
community picking up on what you said
the Alesandro just picking up on one
Joseph said this is Diego who says Latin
America should not use the domestic
aspect of Venezuela's crisis as a basis
for neglecting its own responsibility to
provide services and protection to the
Venezuelan refugees Alessandra what did
you want to add now I just wanted to add
when we look at Colombia's response to
this crisis on one side we see the
president
saying we need to be generous with these
people who are coming here especially
given the the history and the fact that
vanessa has been generous with
Colombians we see the Colombian element
asking for international aid moving
towards building shelters and so on but
on the other side that in this seems
contradictory they're tightening border
controls and making it more difficult
for the people in Colombia to work
legally and this is having consequences
cuz most of the people who are in
Colombia are in the very volatile region
of not nor not innocent and they're on
the border with Venezuela there are a
lot of criminal groups who operate in
this area and many of these people who
can't work legally end up being easy
prey of criminal groups are ending up
picking up coca leaves for example or or
becoming part of these mafia groups in
the region and just to follow up on that
I mean I do think that the Colombian go
this is a very hard task for everybody
because these countries ironically
besides Venezuela were never used to
receiving migrants these were countries
are used to send migrants out to
Venezuela ironically so the structure is
really not there to receive this maximum
amount and I think they're doing they're
trying to do an effort I agree with what
was said before I also think that it is
important for the government of Colombia
and the governments of the region of
record to recognize this as a refugee
crisis they could do so legally based on
the declaration of Cartagena of
Cartagena of 1984 which is for Latin
America it broadens really the
definition of a refugee which include
things as people who are being who are
being personally targeted because
disruption in public order and things
like that which if you spend five
minutes in Venezuela you will see that
that's that's the case and that will be
a first step to really provide to get
more foreign aid and also to provide to
a lot of these people a fast-track to to
have a legal status to be able to work
in
the country that will of course have an
influence on lowering those small cases
of increasing crime and so on and lastly
I do want to say to some of the viewers
that are raising in some of the
simulations this is a global issue the
world as a whole has committed to help
refugees and migrants but it's actually
not helping anybody migrants this is
what I do actually my research as an
economic as an economies migrants are
often a key to economic development
migrants are entrepreneurs by definition
and a nice when I was there I saw people
who you know with the little that they
have they started doing little
businesses and you know doing wallets
with with Venezuelan bills there are no
worth too much can you imagine what
these people could do how many jobs
could they create if they had a little
bit of seed capital little bit of
private training business training I
think it could be it could do wonders
for all of these countries and then even
that it is a global issue and I want to
illustrate that for our audience take a
look at this graph this is from the
source is the International Organization
for Migration via the Washington Post
these are the places that people are
migrating to Chile is one of the biggest
places a percentage increases more than
1300 Colombia as we've mentioned Peru
Brazil Argentina we actually got a
beauty a comment from someone who says
one of those countries in particular
could do a little bit more and that's
Brazil have a listen to Hellas on what
we have in Brazil is an estimated number
of 40,000 Venezuela refugees that came
to the countries of the northern region
asking for asylum in a very difficult in
a very dramatic situation what we can
see is the Brazil in spite of its
commitment to international human rights
law and specifically to international
refugee law doesn't have a proper
structure to receive and to protect
these people especially in this case of
massive influx of humanitarian
immigration we saw this before in the
case of the Haitians
and we've seen this again the case of
the peniston's and this is not the
proper way to deal with the human right
to asylum so Alexander she's speaking of
Brazil but it's not just Brazil that
perhaps is not prepared and ready
definitely is that it's a problem across
across the region no doubt and this is
of course then fueling animosity
especially against this last wave of
immigrants which as we were saying at
the beginning or the most poor and
desperate people that have been fleeing
since the beginning of this crisis they
in particular though the situation has
been very difficult in Brazil because
these forty thousand Venezuelans have
arrived to a region with only very small
towns and they have just overwhelmed the
town there there have been some
incidents that really have raised the
tensions for example in in one town
there was essentially a bar brawl where
two Venezuela and ended up killing a
Brazilian there there was a protest by
the the people and they Bert burn down a
building that was used as a shelter for
Venezuelans and it looks it shows like
this has been happening in a very remote
part of the country and the government
hasn't done enough to come in and help
the local administrations that can deal
with this situation alone and if you and
and this has repeated itself in other
and other poor parts of the country out
of that country in other countries where
the Venezuelans have arrived
fabiola if there was one message you
wanted the international community to
take away from this show what would that
be
Milica Wow I want people to know that
like myself a lot of Venezuelans are
fleeing to survive I think that a
refugee that's that's the definition of
a refugee you don't go out to make
anybody's home messy you just know that
you cannot live in your own home anymore
if you don't have food if you don't have
a job if your job if you do have a job
but you make less than an apple cost you
know I think one of the worst things
that's happening is that there's no
medicine and people are dying out of
ramadhan Delgado Alessandra amputee
Joseph marks and Danny of a heart thank
you so much for joining us for this
conversation
fortunately I have to pause it there I
thank you to our community for joining
us as well we'll see you online
hashtag they did stream
you
