this is the well-known
israeli-palestinian activist Jafar Farah
on Friday evening after a protest in the
northern city of Haifa he's under arrest
complaining that the officer detaining
him hasn't been able to find a police
car for half an hour throughout he
appears to be walking normally without
discomfort this is for our after his
release from three days in police
custody he says a bone in his knee was
broken in an assault inside - police
station where his son was one of 18
other protesters being detained my child
my son was bleeding and I was in a shock
when I saw him and he was asking me for
me ask me for help and when I asked the
police officer what you did to him
immediately he beated me and he threw me
to the floor occupation standards will
not stop on the border of the Green Line
what they do in the West Bank they will
bring it here the police officer is now
under investigation he's reportedly
denied the accusation with his lawyer
telling Israeli media that the injury
was probably sustained during the
protests the demonstration itself was in
solidarity the Palestinians in Gaza
where Israeli army snipers have killed
more than a hundred and injured more
than three and a half thousand
protesters in recent weeks in a
statement the Israeli police called the
protest illegal saying stones were
thrown at police officers by the
demonstrators damage was caused and
roads were blocked as far as the
circumstances are concerned as to the
injury at the scene the Ministry of
Justice is looking into the incident
it's hardly the first time that a
protest like this has been met with a
response like this but this
demonstration here in Haifa has gained
traction in the Israeli media sparking a
debate about freedom of speech and
police tactics even small protests
recently have attracted large numbers of
Israeli security forces often moving in
to make forceful arrests Farrar's lawyer
and fellow activist Hassan jabberin says
it's a deliberate attempt to discourage
public expression now when you see a lot
of policemen you deter yourself and if
you have the courage to enter you taking
a risk risk of brutality so without
using the law our changing the law of
the law could be
liberal the police itself at that moment
when limit and shrink your spaced Jafar
Ferrara is finding support from
left-wing Israeli activists he says
he'll wait to see the outcome of the
investigation into police conduct
nonetheless he fully expects to be
charged for taking part in a
demonstration
Harry Fawcett al Jazeera Haifa
