two-year-old Mouser died in her mother's
arms last Thursday morning shot through
the face by a Belgian police officer
this is a family broken Kurdish refugees
who'd been in a van on a Belgian highway
driven by suspected people smugglers to
a place they thought of safety when we
left Kurdistan I was hoping to bring my
children to Europe to find happiness how
could I know that Belgium would be the
place where Mauser would close her eyes
and leave us Belgian prosecutors
initially downplayed what happened
denying reports of a shooting and
suggesting instead that the little girl
had been taken ill or died as a result
of bad driving they've since admitted
that the officer who opened fire is
overcome and disconsolate he neither
wanted nor could have imagined this it's
a tragic event that everyone regrets
including the police officers
Olivia stain is a lawyer acting for the
family they're new at least some of the
policemen knew that there was at least
one children in the van because at some
point it was shown through a window this
incident of course focuses attention on
the actions of the Belgian police but
also on allegations of an increasingly
repressive migration policy by the
government here aimed at keeping people
like Mulder and her family out there is
a lot of pressure on the police to get
as much migrants as possible the
government is really emphasizing that
and that puts a lot of pressure on the
police even for them to intercept to
intercept as much migrants as possible
yes the family had no way of knowing
that my child will never be forgotten
and now all we can hope for is justice
for Moda
so that her blood is not wasted and we
can find peace
if there is to be a trial it may take
years the Belgian authorities have not
offered to take them in this Kurdish
family stateless and homeless dealing
with unbearable loss
Jonah Hal al-jazeera Brussels
