a home left empty and a family worried
about what happened to their son just
over a week ago
authorities in Kuwait sent Noah Farah
sheet to Saudi Arabia after it requested
his extradition the dual Saudi Qatar II
national had been visiting Kuwait after
being invited by a local poet he was
flown to an undisclosed location Rashid
is a student and has never been known
for any political activities the
National Committee for human rights in
Qatar says his case is an example of how
Saudi Arabia uses false reasons to
detain Qatari nationals we have released
a statement condemning the arrest of
citizen now WA our Rashid his detention
and concealment constitute an
infringement of all international
treaties by the Saudi authorities
there's been worldwide condemnation with
international rights groups warning
against such detentions of any
individual nuki Aminata :
is a human rights organization we cannot
look at this case is one of detention
but that of illegal and forcible
concealment as know who incidentally was
not on any Saudi Kuwaiti or country
wanted list
therefore the detention violates the
second and third articles of the
international agreement that protects
individuals from secret detention mihari
also warns against using detainees to
fuel the Gulf crisis this started almost
a year ago when Saudi Arabia the UAE
Bahrain and Egypt impose an embargo on
Qatar but this issue goes back even
further there's been a rift between the
Rashid and Saud families since the
beginning of the last century as they
fought for control of the arab peninsula
no offer Rasheed's father the late poet
Talal era sheet died in mysterious
circumstances in Algeria 15 years ago
the family at a time blamed Saudi Arabia
back at the family's home there's one
poem on the wall addressed from father
to son revealing his fear that Nawaf al
Rasheed may experience some sad events
to come lore about a man lien Al Jazeera
