on a mission to restore trust the
Facebook CEO was all smiles and warm
handshakes at the European Parliament
having faced the US Congress last month
this was the next leg of what's been
dubbed the Zuckerberg apology tour we
haven't done enough to prevent these
tools from being used for harm as well
and that goes for fake news foreign
interference and elections and
developers misusing people's information
we didn't take a broad enough view of
our responsibility now is a mistake and
I'm sorry for it Zuckerberg said it
would take time but in the wake of the
recent scandal involving the misuse of
the personal data of some 87 million
Facebook account holders he said he was
committed to keeping people safe online
unfortunately then turned out he wasn't
committed to providing fulsome answers
to some of the challenging questions put
to him by members of the European
Parliament he picked on themes rather
than specific some of his answers were
vague quite a lot of questions didn't
receive any answer at all some of those
watching have been involved in drafting
tough new data protection regulations
that Zuckerberg did pledge to honor this
ridiculous because different to the US
Congress here we have clear rules we
have a regulation we can talk about and
we have even more users on Facebook in
the European Union so it would have been
even more important to have a real
hearing here in the Parliament you know
in US Congress they had two days class
questions and we had 75 minutes one of
his key interrogators says they're
involved in a long game we are the ones
regulating here and and he's having to
comply with that we will not therefore
stuff our campaigns and
our position for Seaborn either so this
is not you know sorry you'd give up but
I think you're going to set forward and
getting him here a small step back and
losing that opportunity by the end the
smiles were gone
Mark Zuckerberg left largely unscathed
the European Parliament mostly
unenriched Jonah hall al Jazeera
Brussels
