these bodies are according to Amnesty
International proof that a revenger
armed group committed its own crimes
against humanity in Myanmar the human
rights group says militants rounded up
dozens of Hindu men women and children
in two attacks last summer well we
believe that up to 99 Hindus were killed
in a single massacre in northern Rakhine
states in late august last year by the
armed group our sir we have documented
other killings by this same group in
other parts of rakhine state six Hindu
is killed in moong dhal what these
points to us is that this group is
responsible for attacks on civilians
previously they've said they have only
attacked military and security posts
police posts our evidence points to
quite the contrary they have been
attacking civilians the erican reinjure
Salvation Army or our sir is accused of
robbing and then blindfold in civilians
before marching them to the outskirts of
the village
according to survivors and witness
testimony the fighters killed 53 people
execution-style a sir was formed in 2012
in response to long-term discrimination
against were Hindu Muslims in Rakhine
State the alleged mass killing August
happened around the same time that we
hinge of Fighters attack 30 police posts
and an army base in the region this
provoked a bloody army counter-offensive
that eventually drove hundreds of
thousands of reinjure civilians into
Bangladesh I think we have to be clear
as well where we've documented asar
attacks and where we've documented these
massacres yes it was a sir fighters but
it was absolutely not the wider a Hindu
community in these villages actually the
majority of very Hinda were not involved
in these attacks
well the Myanmar government didn't what
the army did was use these attacks as a
pretext to attack the entire community
at large and this is where we've
documented killings rapes burning of
homes and why we have 700,000 people
across the border in Bangladesh now the
UN has described Mir Mars actions as
ethnic cleansing which Myanmar denies
many in Buddhist majority Myanmar regard
hinges as illegal immigrants from
Bangladesh Amnesty International is
calling for a full investigation into
and accountability for the killings
carried out by both we hinge of Fighters
and
Myanmar government Hana hawkster
al-jazeera
