I am allocable and you're in the stream
a series of incidents in which white
bystanders business owners and employees
called the police on black Americans has
reignited conversations about racial
profiling in the United States we
explore the realities of living while
black mutts today live on al-jazeera and
YouTube so leave your comments in the
chat and I'll do my best to include as
many as possible in our discussion hi my
name is Ida colabello coordinator
manager for Freedom Foundation Nigeria
and you are industry
you're already criminalized when you're
wearing black skin says Darren Martin a
former Obama White House staffer who was
mistaken for a burglar while moving into
his apartment in New York City Darren's
story of being questioned by neighbors
and police for simply being black in an
allegedly white space isn't unique nor
is the outcry it sparked on social media
in Rialto California a group of African
Americans were detained by police while
checking out of their Airbnb rental when
a neighbor accused them of stealing
stuff the neighbor was also concerned
that the group hadn't waved to them as
she thought as they left in Oakland
police were called on a group for
allegedly not following park rules and
using a charcoal barbecue grill and in
Philadelphia Pennsylvania employees of a
Starbucks cafe accused two men of
trespassing as they waited for a
colleague to arrive have a look anti
racism activists say these incidents
recall America's history of vagrancy
laws which criminalize the presence of
people often black in public spaces
Starbucks plans to close its 8,000 US
locations on may 29th to conduct anti
racial bias training but is that
progress or just PR onset with us to
help us explore that question Franchesca
Ramsey is a comedian and author whose
new memoir well that escalated quickly
tells her story of becoming an
accidental activist Damon young is the
editor in chief of very smart brothers
sherry Williams is an assistant
professor of Communication at American
University here in Washington DC and via
Skype in Lagos Nigeria
Lola de chien bola is a Yale University
student who was questioned by campus
police when a white classmate took issue
with her sleeping in the common area of
her dorm building so welcome to this
dream everyone so I want to start on my
laptop here with a headline sis from the
LA Times new Starbucks policy no
purchase needed to you
restrooms or to sit in cafes and they
begin this article by saying medical
emergency burglary and physical assault
these are the few instances in which
Starbucks is now saying that employee
should call the police
what do you make of it cherry well what
I make of that is that in this country
we actually have to be instructed on
when and when not to call the police on
black people because for decades for
centuries we have had a series of laws
that really have pretty much regulated
black existence in the public you know
immediately after slavery the Black
Codes were enacted which were a way a
series of laws it was a way to continue
to relegate black people's presence and
really keep them relegated in public
spaces then moving on into
reconstruction there was the convict
leasing system in which black people
could be arrested for any minor
infraction a non-violent infraction you
know for doing pretty much anything and
then once they came into the system
their labor could be leased out to
private companies private citizens and
one of those things in which they could
be arrested for was loitering but then
we moved on over into the 1960s civil
rights era in the 50s and 60s sometimes
civil rights activists were arrested for
loitering while they were in the process
of actively resisting white supremacy
moving on over into the 80s and 90s
cities across the country we're trying
to grapple with gang activity so they
started to again enact more loitering
and vagrancy laws so what they ended up
really doing was arresting a lot of
black and brown youth who looked like
gang members because what is it what
does a gang member looked like in this
contemporary context a gang member looks
like somebody who is not white right so
that was at my home state that was
Illinois and Chicago that's where that
was going down there so a whole history
lesson in there thank you very much
succinct but you packed it in there I
think our audience will appreciate that
Franchesca what do you make of Starbucks
announcement and and this new policy
change I think it's strange because I've
always understood it to be that a coffee
shop is a place for people to chat and
hang out and work with the understanding
that they're probably going to spend
money and so now that they have to
outrightly say it in response to this
may
gaff is really troubling because what it
says is that a lot of their employees
are carrying around this bias and then
it's being supported by their management
but also by the police and I just think
that it's really sad that we need to
have these this like list of situations
for them to help them determine when
it's appropriate to call the police
and also the fact that as white people
they have this inherent privilege where
police officers are going to believe
whatever it is they say about a black
person and that then puts us in danger
which is really scary and and as you're
talking they're dimming before you get
in there what we're watching on our
screens now is the protests the people
who heard about this and immediately
took to Twitter and then took through
the streets and took to Starbucks around
the country really to protest this Damon
yeah it's it's just surreal that um that
a sign or a mandate saying don't be
racist is necessary particularly in a
space like a like a coffee shop which
you know for people who you know they
are a part of urban communities where
people go they work they sit they meet
with people they have conversations and
and the fact that this large corporation
actually has a total workers you know
what you probably should not be racist
today and to actually have a day a day
of just telling them just printing out
on billboards don't be racist don't be
racist don't be racist don't be racist
again it's just it's one of those things
that just articulates the the absurdity
of white supremacy and of America what's
also really frustrating I mean I I
commend them on one hand because like
they're trying but there are so many
instances that don't take place in a
business establishment you know whether
it's the people calling about air B&B
you know or the woman at the barbecue
there's just so many instances where
white folks are calling 911 I feel like
we need some sort of checklist for them
you know kind of like the green eggs and
ham type of the nursery rhyme you know
our black people having fun please do
not call 911
you know just make it a little rhyme
till there's little scenarios to kind of
go through the list maybe make it fun I
like the you mentioned other examples I
want to share one that our community
members actually shared with us this is
Kathryn on Twitter she says my mom and I
stopped by an almshouse to visit she
wasn't home so we waited in our car
police were called because we looked
suspicious she goes on to say it was
another sad reminder that just being
black is enough to stir suspicion even
when doing something innocent like
waiting outside your arms house and in
this case it wasn't deadly we have seen
other cases where waiting in a car can
be deadly that's one example there are a
long list a whole host of others
Lola la day there's actually an example
that you'll of yours in which you became
pretty well known for sleeping do you
want to tell us what happened yeah yeah
so I was you know taking a nap in the
common room of my dorm and you know the
lights came on in about 1:45 in the
morning another student was just kind of
shouting at me you know you're not
supposed to be here why are you sleeping
in here and from my description in my
friend description of her from the
previous time that she had called the
police on him and I thought this is the
same person so I asked you know are you
the same person to call the police on my
friend this a few months ago you know
and she starts going in about how I'm
not supposed to be there and she's gonna
call the police and so she did and so
the videos that were posted to my
facebook page were pretty much the
interactions after that what happened
with the university have they stopped in
either a bomb mm-hmm I mean so Yale
issued a number of statements most of
them you know talking about diversity
and inclusion and how you know that we
still need to do more work to make black
students and people of color feel
welcome at the university they have not
once condemned the actions of the
student who called the police on me
once condemned the the behavior of the
police and they have not spoken at all
about consequences
or you know the weaponization of police
against black bodies or consequences for
racial discrimination hmm the thing that
jumped out to me the thing that jumped
out to me in that scene is when the
student says I have every right to call
the police you're not allowed to sleep
in that room every right
it sounds entitled it sounds privileged
what did you make of it when you when
you saw this video because of course
it's gone viral it's what I think of it
is again just this embodiment of this
history of white people being able to be
around black people when they want to be
around them right and if I don't feel
like they belong in this space then I
have the right to make sure that they
are ejected from this space and I think
there are some ideas to that we still
have about like black criminality and
black conspiracy because a lot of these
vagrancy laws and a lot of these laws
that have existed throughout time really
have been about white people's fear of
black people and fear of black
congregation and what black people would
do if they come together because I mean
I even as a contemporary grown woman in
my past 20 years of work in the
workplace have even experienced at the
watercooler at the copy machine standing
with another black colleague or two or
three and don't let it before white
colleague would even say what do you
guys conspiring to do over here what are
you guys cooking up over here and I know
that was just like a really you know
blanket statement the person didn't mean
any harm but it just evokes these ideas
about black fear and even some of these
stores like corner stores in black and
brown neighborhoods have these policies
just like maybe written on notebook
paper on the door no more than two
people in here at a time two or three
people so these ideas of black people
being together and being destructive and
dangerous are really deeply rooted in
the American psyche you know I I'm not
even sure if it's so much even so much
of like this mortal fear of like you
know okay this black person's here I'm
in fear of my life like it's almost as
if white people consider the police to
be their own personal AppleCare we're
like black people are like this app that
just isn't working correctly and they
need to call customer service real quick
disease to get rid of the problem like
we're like some virus or some spyware
that they wish someone could come and
clean up really quick
and and the thing is when they do that
you know while day might be thinking
okay I just want the black people
removed introducing the police to black
people can be a potentially lethal
situation and that's how you know
sometimes we end up dead because of
these phone calls because of this this
annoyance this this feeling of I just
don't expect them to be in this space
and so I want them removed from this
space because I feel uncomfortable in
the lobby I can see you nodding there
but I wanted to bring in this comment
from via YouTube live eat Walker says
this has been going on in America for
centuries it is one of the quote don't
trust white people warnings given to us
by our elders one warning to be careful
as they want to give you a record so
this is one person's perspective we
actually spoke to a former dispatcher
about when to call the police and when
not to have a listen to Christopher
Carver he's the Operations Director for
the national emergency number
Association and that's a group that
provides policy and education to 911
centers around the US have a look there
are obviously things that are non
emergencies that cause challenges for
number one centers such as power outages
such as sometimes barking dog complaints
cannot be an emergency
we've even had examples of number one
calls United States for events at a
fast-food restaurant where there was a
certain kind of food that was no longer
available in those cases obviously the
issue is not one that justifies the use
of a life-threatening you know a number
designed for life-threatening
emergencies however in any other cases
where it's more in doubt where the
caller doesn't know exactly what's going
on and they make that call to 9 1 1 then
it
upon 9-1-1 dispatchers to do the best
they can with the information that's
reported so Francesca dispatchers have
to use their judgment but what about the
people call him and you heard some of
the reason people are often not telling
the truth
that's a huge part of the problem and I
think I mean saying I believe that this
person has a gun you know that's
something that that we've heard people
call in and say to the police or in an
instance with the Airbnb I don't believe
that usually people who are stealing
bring suitcases with them um I just
think that that's a little strange and
so I agree with Lala today that there
should be consequences and so if you are
making these calls to police officers
you should be held responsible for you
know the cost of taxpayer dollars that
are being used to bring out eight and
nine ten police officers for a potential
robbery and I think you know there's a
bigger conversation to be had about
racial bias but I think one thing is
that money does talk and that if people
saw real financial consequences then
maybe more would think twice before
picking up the phone to call police
about a frivolous incident which
oftentimes I think is really just a
power play you know at the barbecue
situation it really kind of felt like oh
no you're gonna listen to me and if you
don't listen to me then I'm gonna call
the police and just because knowing our
fraud history with the police that that
word automatically shuts down some
conversations and people will say well I
would like to live today so I will leave
I'm gonna go I'm gonna you know see my
way out and I think in that situation
especially we have so much footage and
you can really see that she was kind of
seemingly thrown off by the fact that
these guys were not intimidated by her
and that's why she was willing to stay
on the phone for for two hours I believe
waiting for the police officers and I
think she was wasting the time of those
911 dispatchers who could have been
responding to a real situation and so
she should face consequences for that
and so we saw video of that playing I
want to show this headline here this is
a San Francisco Chronicle even in
Oakland calling the cops on black people
just living their lives and of course
because we can see the person who did
the calling she has since been memed
memes that look like this the people are
calling her barbecue Becky that is not
her
Zelly tweets who did this and you can
see her there in the back of dr. Martin
Luther King jr. and the the March in DC
yeah here she is calling on the Obamas
this person has been in tears all day
they tweet that's right I have a tan
suit she writes Oh
making light of the situation because
sometimes didn't the only thing you can
do is laugh but I wanted to go to this
tweet here this is directed right to
you'll add a Kindle says if Lola Day
wasn't allowed to sleep in that
particular room she should have
contacted on-campus staff or the DA and
I think she's referring to the student
he'll call the police on you but calling
the police was blowing the situation way
out of proportion and I would just like
to know what made Lou la day look as if
she didn't belong what do you think it
is so not a you know people utilizing
the police as their personal AppleCare
it's true but also the history of
America you know it's interesting that
this fear of black congregation in the
sphere of even black joy is so similar
to you know post slavery era and
Reconstruction era and you know the
patterns just seem so identical this
this fear of you know black people are
free they're living their lives we don't
like this they should be on the
plantation they should be in prison it's
not okay I mean I think there's
something very deep in the white
American psyche that tells them that a
black person being free is a problem and
you know that's a problem that needs to
be resolved every time okay man this is
for people like you know like Sarah not
necessarily all white in dirt right yeah
in Pittsburgh right now there's that
there's like an issue going on in one of
the communities that is kind of like
snot sizes this whole conversation where
there's this very hyper gentrified
community called East Liberty and in
this community this actually went from
and in this community there's a
billboard that has been erected that
each month a different artist has an
opportunity to put like a phrase on the
Billboard and it's just a piece of
just a piece of art that exists in a
neighborhood people look at the
billboards look at the sayings and you
know oh that's that's cool that's clever
and don't we think anything of it so a
couple months ago a black artist by the
name of Alicia Wormsley had us had a
phrase up there that said there are
black people in the future and that
became an issue the Landlord contacted
the person who's in charge of the
artists elation asked him to take it
down there were panels about this there
were news articles about this like this
was a big Pittsburgh deal why do you
think that was well one I think that you
know as everyone has said so far on the
panel is that just the idea of blackness
right just just the idea oh I have to
think I have this big that they're all
you know I want to live you know in the
future so there's that but again just
the idea of that existing right is a
threat to people enough to make people
yeah want to have it taken down so I
like that you took us into the future
black people exist in the future but I
want to move us to the past just for a
second because we got a video comment
from the Dean of the University of
Virginia School of Law and she raises a
point that you raised a little bit
earlier Terry have a listen to what she
said when you look at these incidents in
historical perspective they have a very
long pedigree going all the way back to
the beginning of this country and
England where there were laws that
really essentially made it a crime to be
a person who was out of place in any way
in the 1970s the Supreme Court made it
more difficult for the police to use
such laws and they struck down a number
of those laws but as you can see from
these incidents they still continue
they're still some laws on the books
that are in a similar vein so sherry she
says you know there's a history here
which is the point that you were raising
do you think though that that's in the
minds of people win they're calling the
police say it can't be that they're not
thinking of the Fourteenth Amendment and
what led to it which is the right I
think they are thinking about that but I
think that there have been but just
having this built into the DNA of the
country and into the system and the laws
and their having been an extension of
all of this I think is what is kind of
evoking in people's minds again so these
laws were basically enacted to be able
to restrict and relegate black people's
presence in public and that is connected
to white people's fear of black people
so I think it's really important that we
recognize that and I think it's really
important for white people to do some
work and really recognize that - so when
I am making this call what am I actually
doing right what am what how does this
overture really connect to this person's
life and just what is going on and
especially in this contemporary context
you know because it's it's just not the
time for people to be calling the police
on black people for for just simply
existing and actually embodying joy
because that's why the the part incident
just really kind of teed me off because
I mean you know black people just having
a barbecue we're Frankie Beverly in the
background that's a crime it's out of
hand but I mean but again this country
does have a history of not only just
relegating black people but anyone who
is not an able body heterosexual white
man there were laws on the books and as
the anti vagrancy act in the 1850s
relegated the movements of Mexican
people out in California there were a
series of laws called the ugly laws that
existed up until the 1970s which
basically said someone who had a
physical deformity or what was perceived
as a physical deformity or any kind of
physical disability was not allowed to
be seen in public so what I do in my
media classes is I really try to make
connections for students because it's
important to know this history and know
why if it was illegal for a black person
a disabled person a Mexican person to
actually exist in public then that's
also connected to why we do and don't
see people reflected in the media right
and how they're reflected in the media
so other than learning history and
recognizing and recognizing how it plays
into today's scenarios what to do about
this you wrote a book and in it hold it
up get that promo
let's do the end of the book you have
some suggestions for recognizing
privilege and how to tell others to
recognize privilege in a way that won't
have them turn off because a lot of
people might be watching this show and
think they're being racists right well I
think one of the things I talk about a
lot of my work is speaking up and not
over and I think especially in
situations where black bodies or
marginalized people are are in danger
that's when we need allies to actually
step up and I think too often people are
very comfortable with just saying I'm an
ally and I changed my facebook profile
picture to you know black lives matter
but then when I'm in Starbucks I'm mute
when the police show up I don't stand up
and say actually those people didn't do
anything wrong and I believe in the
barbecue video there the woman that was
filming was actually challenging her you
know and I think that that's really
important because unfortunately those
people are not gonna listen to my voice
and those are gonna be situations where
I'm not trying to get arrested I'm not
trying to you know be in danger and so
we really need people to step up and
have those conversations with the
members of their family who might be
watching these events and saying well
maybe they did do something wrong or I
don't understand what the big deal is
that's when we need you to step up and
explain to the people that you care
about the people that you have
relationships with but this is not okay
so that hopefully they aren't calling
the police next time or they aren't
making excuses for someone and I see you
nodding there I grew what everything
you're saying I mean it's it's up to
them you know because we are not gonna
be able to infiltrate those like
crucibles of whiteness those
Thanksgiving tables those um happy hours
those carpools those family reunions
that are those all-white cookouts with
the potato awkward potato salad served
and you know we're not going to be able
to to have those conversations with them
that and that's when it's up to the the
white people consider themselves to be
allies and the one to be watching this
show that's all the time we have so I
have to thank all of our guests for
having this conversation and for our
audience for Ewing you can keep the
conversation going online at hashtag aj
stream
