it's one of the alleged war crimes
Palestinians are asking the
International Criminal Court to
investigate targeted killing of unarmed
protesters along Gaza's border fence
with Israel but Palestinian foreign
minister Adel Melky says the referral
that was put forward to the ICC contains
many more war crimes or crimes against
humanity committed by Israel on
Palestinian territory I want to be clear
that Palestine took this this step
due to the intensification of the rate
and severity of the crimes committed
against our people including settlement
expansion land grab and illegal
exploitation of our natural resources as
well as the brutal and calculated
targeted targeting of unarmed protesters
particularly in the Gaza Strip Israel's
reaction was not unexpected a statement
issued by the foreign ministry accused
the Palestinians of using the ICC for
political purposes and called the move a
cynical step without legal validity this
statement also said that the ICC had no
legal jurisdiction over an
israeli-palestinian conflict because
Israel is not member of the ICC and
Palestine is not a state that despite
the fact that Palestine was granted
non-member state status at the UN in
2012 the court will only investigate
cases that happened after June 2014
that's when Palestine fell under the
jurisdiction of the ICC during this time
around 18,000 new illegal settlement
units were advanced more than 2,800
houses demolished and about 5,000 acres
of land were confiscated but
Palestinians say that Israel's arguments
are irrelevant and regardless of who is
responsible any crime committed on
Palestinian territory falls under the
curse jurisdiction so what's in it for
Palestinians the other Mewar if they
open an investigation several political
and military Israeli officials won't be
able to travel to many countries in the
world that are members of the ICC
especially in Europe all EU countries
are members of the ICC
and they will be obliged to extradite or
detain any of these officials this is
not about indicted soldiers but the
leadership that issues the orders the
move was well received by the grieving
Abu Salah family in Gaza Fadi
a 30 year old father of five went to the
protest on May 14th he was in a
wheelchair after losing his legs during
the war in 2008 he was shot in the chest
by an Israeli sniper handing over the
referral is important for us and the
other families who lost loved ones it
will allow us to pursue that justice for
fatty who was killed in cold blood
he didn't pose any danger or threat to
the soldiers or anyone else the court of
The Hague will now have to decide
whether to open an investigation but
Israel will likely refuse to cooperate
heard Abdul Hameed al Jazeera Ramallah
