this is the hairiest truman one of the
biggest aircraft carriers in the US
Navy's fleet the 45 billion dollar
vessel provides a wide range of military
capabilities it's been part of the fight
against ISIL in Syria and has been
sailing through the Mediterranean indeed
this is not the first time for USS Harry
Truman to enter the Mediterranean but
the fact that its deployment is being
extended with full capacity of exercises
signals the methods to others in the sea
and often those in the area are Russian
ships this time it's two destroyers
which have been following the American
aircraft carrier have you seen something
like that before this
see is it are you are you used to see
something like that in the military you
know when you have a seal it saving
people you know anytime you sail a
carrier around it always attracts
interest and and the Russians are
operating in close proximity to us but
they're good Mariners and good ship
handlers we exchanged signals and pretty
much stay out of each other's way
so it's international waters they have
as much of a right to be here as we do
those operating the nuclear-powered
carrier refused to tell us about its
exact location but they say we are
somewhere in the eastern Mediterranean
supporting the us-led operation in Syria
a mission whose end date is not yet
determined and when we leave on
deployment we expect a nominal time at
sea we also know that that can change at
a moment's notice depending upon any
situation in the world and we roll with
those punches and the men and women here
on board understand the importance of
what they do the capability and capacity
that they provide and and the value and
purpose of what having an aircraft
carrier in the region means to a lot of
people there are 50 f-18 fighter jets on
board along with advanced capabilities
that can launch Tomahawk missiles and as
it sails through the waters of the
Mediterranean the hairiest Truman has
become the launching pad for operations
in Syria Afghanistan and Iraq Muhammad
wat al Jazeera on board USS Harry s
Truman and the eastern Mediterranean
