on May 25th the internet will change
from that date if your personal data is
being used by any company in the
European Union then you have rights that
didn't exist before this is a global
change because so many internet
companies have employees or users
somewhere in Europe our data is used to
try to sell a stuff in the shape of
personalized advertising it's how
Internet companies make money and why so
much of the Internet is free to users
we're the product not the customer and
data is a billion-dollar industry but
now those companies will have
responsibilities and if they fail to
live up to them then they will be fined
by the European Union the EU use new set
of rules are known as gdpr and it's a
major change for how our online world
works GD P R stands for general data
protection regulation the new law
applies to all global Internet companies
processing user data in the EU they
include everything from your credit card
details to your photos and even
biometric data companies must clearly
ask for consumers consent to harvest
data so people will have to actively opt
in consumers also now have the right to
know if their data is being used and for
what purpose a company's in breach of
GDP are can be fined up to 4% of annual
global turnover and users who no longer
want their personal data processed have
the right to be forgotten and have their
data deleted companies will now also
have to tell you if your personal data
has been hacked as soon as possible well
joining us now via Skype from New York
is Jason bier chief privacy officer at
the engine group a global data-driven
marketing company thanks for being with
us now I know you're not a fan of gdpr
and your view is that the consumer is
the clear loser in all of this but the
whole law is designed to give them
rights that they didn't have before and
surely legal rights over your own data
is a good thing isn't it well it
certainly is I mean we we advocate and
have for a very long time that consumers
should be
to you know have control over their data
and you know for the most part
definitely that's the case it G DTR has
good intentions however some of the some
of the law itself really it breaks the
internet I mean there's a lot of
confusion and how the interpretation of
personal personal data will will be
interpreted really by the data
protection authorities in each member
state there has been you know the
addition of an IP address which is
considered personal data that if it's
process before consent is given by the
user that would be a violation of the
gdpr
and as we all know the IP address is an
essential building block of the internet
every communication that said between a
device and a webpage it exchanges that
simple data so it's really a question of
what is consumer data what is personal
data and that definition has been
broadened dramatically and and so what
we're going to see really is potentially
more data being shared with consumers
because or with businesses it with by
consumers that causes really an increase
in the amount of data that that's given
to companies rather than curtailing data
share it you've said as well that we're
kind of sleepwalking into this data
protection brexit as it were I'm
wondering if you could explain that and
if you could tell us as well because the
idea is that you know these tech
companies have have made a lot of money
out of out of using our data and
something needs to be done to hold them
accountable what do you say to that well
look we don't need to break the internet
to do that you know I know Google and
Facebook are really gonna be empowered
by gdpr they're very familiar to people
they the services are widely used
they're gonna get up in consent that's
really the issue here small businesses
can't get off in consent they they have
a hard time because they don't collect
personal data they don't collect you
know personally identify identifiable
information that Google and Facebook do
um you know
in the Internet to get back as big these
big companies is is really it's not
going to work it's going to further
empower them they're gonna collect more
not less data on individuals and they're
going to associate that to personally
identifiable information versus
companies like engine that have
pseudonymous data and help small
publishers earn money and in order to
pay their you know for their content
creation and I think you're really
that's the disturbing issue here is that
we're seeing large-scale confusion on
how gdpr is to be interpreted
there hasn't been any economic studies
on the impact of this regulation but in
the way in the wake of the the Cambridge
analytic a scandal surely some kind of
regulation is needed isn't it
particularly with companies like
Facebook and Google that's a good
question I think that the the issue
really is here how how does an
individual company handle privacy and I
think and I know that you know Mark
Zuckerberg and Facebook's have a huge
issue with how they manage privacy I
don't think that should be you know
necessarily imputed on other businesses
that have good privacy practice but have
data minimization practices that don't
do that there's a lot of small
businesses out there that have a very
small amount of data and are able to
leverage that and create content and
keep the internet free and and encourage
diversity of content out around the
world good to speak with you Jason beard
joining us Dan thanks very much to be
loose well joining us now from Brussels
is Diego Naranjo a senior policy adviser
at European digital rights thanks very
much for being with us so the new law
this new law comes into effect next week
then has enough been really done to
educate people about this and that's a
good question we're not sure we have
been telling the European Commission
that a such a change in its a proper
campaign to advise it to tell people how
their rights are going to be reinforced
we have seen a lot of misinformation by
private companies who see their business
model affected or potentially affected
by this regulation and we haven't seen
yet such a big campaign from from
authorities from the European Union we
are launching a campaign ourselves on
the 25th of May where we are trying to
inform users of the new rights and some
people say that gdpr is it benefits big
technology companies rather than holding
companies like Facebook to account what
do you say to that criticism well if
that was true I guess we would have seen
less heavy lobbying companies lesser
lobbying from from them in the last four
and a half years that lasted the
negotiations so I don't think that
that's the case the new regulation
brings a lot of strength and mechanisms
it brings potential sanctions so I don't
think that will be able to benefit
directly from it I think if they follow
the rules that we'll be able to do their
business as a as anybody else and they
of course they're big so they will be
able to adapt quickly but I'm not sure
this going to reinforce these two big
companies I rather the opposite will it
not be harder for smaller internet
businesses to operate given these new
new rules new restrictions rather around
IP addresses I don't think so whether we
have to take to akanda this is only the
the update of their current directive so
there's not much new in a way in this
regulation so those companies that were
respecting the the current directive
which is in place is 1995 don't have
anything to do a bit probably a bit of
an update but not much and those who
have something to be afraid to who could
suffer some problems are those who are
already not respecting and data
protection regulations here in the u
another criticism of these new rules is
this is actually going to restrict
competition and content in in a number
of ways what will still people people
still be able to use the internet as
freely as they have in the past
of course yes and what these rules allow
is for the movement of personal data and
then the legal use of the dispersed
data but also requires the consent of
users for such use so people are able to
do whatever they want on the internet
they're free to share their pictures
their personal data as they wish as long
as they are really informed of what's
going to be done with their personal
data and so I don't think this country
will restrict anything but rather in
hands and data protection friendly
businesses to do the what they are
already doing and users to be more in
charge of their personal data good to
speak with you Diego Naranjo thank you
