eight thousand 103 foreign athletes and
officials arrived on the Gold Coast for
April's Commonwealth Games
now it's emerged during a parliamentary
hearing that more than 200 have not gone
home and did you so late all applied for
protection business
nice do you have a breakdown I can get
it I think it is in the order of around
about ten or fifteen who have applied
for the for other types of visas so the
vast majority of the 200 is protection
visa in fact a hundred and ninety people
most from African countries including
Uganda Cameroon and Rwanda have claimed
asylum and an hour on what are called
bridging visas those visas extend their
legal stay in Australia while claims
they risk persecution at home or assess
Australia's immigration Minister went on
morning television to express his
frustration if you're on a bridging visa
right there there can be benefits
including welfare available so and some
of the cases can go on for a period of
time this is one of the great
frustrations that I have we've got an
incredibly generous legal system in
terms of the ways in which people can
apply they can appeal they can delay and
it can go on and on people without
initial visitors visas who pay people
smugglers to bring them by boat to
Australia have been sent to refugee
prison camps on remote Pacific Islands
and told they'll never be allowed into
Australia but the athletes and officials
were pre-approved for visitors visas
before being allowed to board planes to
Australia Australia's government treats
those seeking asylum who first came here
with visas by plane much better than
those who came to its shores unannounced
by boat it's likely that many of the
athletes and officials will get to stay
ultimately as Australian citizens last
week Australia condemned human rights
violations in Cameroon forcibly sending
people back there would be difficult
when we see that we have delegations
from Australia calling out human rights
abuses in Cameroon that's the very
reason why we ought to hear what people
have to say and we ought to hear the
fears that people have to determine
whether or not we can protect them as
individuals there's precedent too after
the 2006 Commonwealth Games in Melbourne
more than 40 athletes overstayed and
claimed asylum one a weightlifter from
Cameroon won a bronze medal at the most
recent Gold Coast games while
representing Australia Andrew Thomas al
Jazeera Sydney
