thank you in a public inquiry that will
last many months the early days are
likely to be among the most
heartbreaking tributes are being paid by
friends and family to the 72 people who
lost their lives
this was Marcio Gomez talking about his
infant son Logan one of 18 children who
died Logan was still born two months
premature shortly after his parents
escaped the blaze you never know who you
are made of until you're broken this my
wife she's made of the hardest material
I know in fact her strength and courage
whole lot the agony of remembering plain
in the words and on the faces of
relatives and survivors ever since
dennis has been gone there's a gaping
hole in our hearts that can never be
filled and it hurts it really hurts we
can't imagine a day when it won't hurt
any less no bill to care lost six
members of his family even if there is a
conclusion you can't bring back what
we've lost and we only have memories of
them now beyond the commemorations the
first evidence stage of this inquiry
begins in a couple of weeks looking at
the fire itself how it started the speed
with which it spread the emergency
response later in the year phase two
we'll look at the wider question of Qui
Qui Grenfell tower was so vulnerable to
a disaster of this kind including a
multi-million dollar refit by the local
council that campaigners say cut costs
on fire safety one of those campaigners
is Labour Party Member of Parliament
David Lammy who lost a close friend
inside the tower
well there is alongside this inquiry a
criminal investigation and that is
incredibly support important a lot of
people believe that this is a case of
corporate manslaughter or negligence
manslaughter and it's that criminal
investigation led
by the Metropolitan Police that
ultimately will determine this the
horror is in how people lost their lives
that tragedy is in why this public
inquiry will consider both including the
crucial question of whether things might
have been quite different had more care
and attention being paid to the lives of
some of the poorest residents of one of
Britain's richest communities
Jonah Hall al Jazeera London
