this is the video of dying sheep which
prompted Australia's government to order
a review of the live animal export
industry it was filmed by a man working
on a Panama flag ship carrying 65,000
sheep from an Australian exporter to
abattoirs in the Middle East last year
more than two thousand of the animals
died from heat stress as temperatures
soared in a summer Sun although the
number of sheep that died on that ship
was unusually high the conditions on
board were not vets who've traveled on
other ships say mass deaths are common
they are literally being cooked alive
and then eventually they'll either
weaken so much or they'll fall
unconscious and at that stage once they
are unconscious I'll pull them out and
cut their throats live animal exports
are worth more than a billion dollars to
Australia a scandal in 2011 over the
mistreatment of cattle sent to Indonesia
led to the then Labour government
banning the trade temporarily a big blow
to Australia's farmers this time around
the government said it would not be
bounced into a knee-jerk reaction
instead it commissioned a review and on
Thursday announced it would accept that
reviews recommendations in future
independent experts will travel on ships
the number of sheep on each voyage will
be reduced by more than a quarter and
will be formal investigations if more
than 1% of the animals died as a result
of this review we will be making serious
and meaningful change to the industry
farmers are relieved they feared live
exports might be banned during the
summer months altogether we thank the
Minister for acting swiftly and as
vessels are leaving Australia now we see
improvements to previous standards but
vets and animal welfare groups are
disappointed in the government minister
responsible his decision not to end the
live export of sheep during May to
October will do nothing to protect the
welfare of those
the minister told us that this review
would be based on the science and the
evidence it is not he said that the
review would not be based on economics
but it is animal welfare groups say it
will be more compassionate and no more
expensive to slaughter animals in
Australia and then fly or ship their
meat chilled to the Middle East for now
the live export trade will continue
although more video like this could
change that Andrew Thomas al Jazeera
Sydney
