by fighting for wider freedoms
protesters in Thailand are risking their
own political gatherings have been
banned since the coup four years ago the
leaders of this protest group have
repeatedly defied the military
government and have been charged with
sedition which could see them jailed for
up to seven years their rallies have
been relatively small so far but have
provided the most visible sign of
resistance since the coup ultimate goal
is to have the free and fair election as
early as possible because the longer
that take the more opportunities for the
hunter to prolong their power as planned
after the election Thailand's military
leaders have promised elections several
times since removing the democratically
elected government in 2014 the latest
proposed date for a vote is February
next year but there are moments of yet
another delay even after an election is
held the military will still hold a lot
of power
they'll handpick senators to sit in the
upper house of parliament and there's
even the possibility of an unelected
prime minister that person could be the
current prime minister the army general
who led the coup Prayuth chan-ocha
hasn't committed either way to the idea
of staying on after the next election
but he appears to be in campaign mode
already
he held a large rally in the northeast
two weeks ago seemingly canvassing
support from political factions who were
regional power brokers for political
parties that's against the law of
future-forward which launched in march
co-lead by a university lecturer and a
young business tycoon is being seen as a
party that can shake up Thai politics
but at the moment it's powerless we are
not allowed to campaign we are not
allowed to raise funds from the public
at the moment we are not allowed to seek
supporters more supporters so it's
unnormal is abnormal the government says
political parties will be able to resume
activities soon and an election in
February remains the target so far there
is no change to the roadmap but I don't
use the word guarantee
for protestors that's not enough they
are planning to march on government
house to deliver a message to the Prime
Minister that they want the military to
return to barracks Wayne hey al Jazeera
Bangkok
