it's a building site now not much gives
away the horror of what happened here on
a warm summer night almost a year ago
the fire that engulfed Grenville Tower
as many of its residents slept claimed
72 lives it began with a faulty fridge
then leaping from floor to floor
apartment to apartment despite the best
efforts of firefighters to contain the
blaze this is the photo that my son
Christopher sent to me at around 1:40
a.m. on the 14th on yeah and basically
telling me to go out of there because
the tower was burning this is inside my
flat antonio uncle otto lived in
Grenfell tower for 27 years he lost
everything he owned and many friends I
remember a lot of children that you know
you meet in the lobby you meet in the in
the in the lift and they would hold a
lift for you or they would open the door
for you
very lovely children and this is really
the most upsetting thing you know
children that you know have lost their
lives you know so unnecessarily finally
a public inquiry led by a retired judge
is said to establish what happened and
why do you and your fellow survivors
have faith have trust in the public
inquiry yes I personally I want to trust
and I want to be positive and I want to
see that the inquiry will find out
exactly what is being good therefore and
and that at the end of the day just this
week on the public inquiry will begin by
hearing tributes to those who died
before moving on to look at the events
of the night itself including the
emergency services response later it'll
look at decisions made by the local
council about the refurbishment of
grenfell Tower in particular the type of
piling used on the outside widely blamed
for the fires fast and deadly spread who
do you blame well have so many so many
so many companies so many the designer
the the manufacturer that did all these
people that did not check the job once
it was done
I mean that is there is an endless chain
of you know of people that people and
systems that needs to be looked into and
and to be blamed for the Royal Borough
of Kensington and Chelsea is one of
London's richest and most diverse
communities but failings that led to the
Grenfell fire seemed to indicate that
some of its poorest residents were being
looked after without care and on the
cheap
now clared in scaffolding and tarpaulin
the scars of the fire may be hidden but
its effects run deep the lives destroyed
the families yet to be permanently
rehoused the community still looking for
answers
Jonah hull al-jazeera London
