Election Day begins in Venezuela this is
the curative voting station in san
cristobol an opposition stronghold and
this is the queue for petrol it reflects
the priorities of people here
hyperinflation and shortages have become
more relevant to many than the election
taxi driver Jose Luis hangar says he
won't even vote no no even getting in a
little queue isn't worth the bother this
madness can't continue like many here he
sees the elections as favoring the
ruling party they steal your vote the
change will come on other countries
realize it's a fraud president Nicolas
Maduro stern has seen a historic
contraction in the economy endemic crime
and a mass exodus of Venezuelans
normally that would sink him but the
president counts with the formidable
power of state benefits to dispense
applying electoral board and the fatuity
us banning of his nearest political
rivals from running all of which has
helped him he also has a core of
supporters who remained faithful to the
government socialist project despite
years of problems
Aliana Contreras preaches patience in
China they had a crisis in which they
took families straight out of their
houses now China is in a good place it
lifted itself up with socialism
president Maduro is nearest rival is
henry Falcone a center leftist who broke
with the government years ago but
Falcone's not supported by most other
opposition leaders there instead
boycotting what they say is an unfair
vote in other states the vote turnout
was higher than opposition dominated
sang Cristo but nowhere near the level
of Elections passed
that remains the cases the day continues
this man will still be the favorite to
win
