one we corn since the disappearance of
American resident Jamal Khashoggi in
Istanbul and the u.s. is still choosing
answers I know nothing right now I know
what everybody else does nothing
yes State Department insists it is
pressuring the Saudis we're not going to
make any judgments about what had
happened to him the United States is
certainly concerned about his
whereabouts senior officials at the
State Department have spoken with Saudi
officials through diplomatic channels
about the matter we call on the
government of Saudi Arabia to conduct a
thorough Trant and transparent
investigation at a Washington conference
discussing current events in Saudi
Arabia concerned for the journalists
disappearance bubbled under the surface
one human rights activist says the US
must take much stronger action than just
expressing concern I'd like to see the
u.s. demand that the Saudis produce him
and if they can't produce him produce a
detailed explanation including
documentation CCTV footage whatever is
necessary to demonstrate what did happen
to him Donald Trump has forged close
links with Saudi Arabia his first
foreign trip was to the kingdom when he
entertained the Crown Prince Mohammed
bin Salman at the White House he boasted
of significant armed seals he wants the
Saudis to help rein in Iran's regional
ambitions and to sell any White House
Middle East peace plan to the
Palestinians but politicians on both
sides in Washington say if what the
Turks are saying is true and Kishori was
murdered in the consulate in Istanbul
then there has to be significant change
to us-saudi relations as an elected
leader we stand with you in the media in
solidarity to making sure that this does
not go unnoticed if this is true if the
Saudi regime murdered it murdered a
journalist critic in their own consulate
there must be accountability and there
must be an unequivocal condemnation by
the United States when Middle East
expert says any change has to be well
thought out but I do think it needs a
recalibration and you think a very
strong unequivocal message needs to be
sent to Riyadh that there are
consequences for these kind of actions
and that American support is not
unconditional there's growing pressure
on the Saudis to come up with answers
about what actually
happened in Istanbul and if they don't
there's a growing number of politicians
in the United States who say that must
significantly change the relationship
between the two countries Alan Fisher al
Jazeera Washington
