this may be the final chapter of the
battle for the Yarmouk camp the last
remaining ISIL stronghold near the
Syrian capital this video on social
media appears to show buses entering the
camp at night the purpose to evacuate
ISIL fighters from the area the
operation began after midnight on
Saturday early in the day another video
surfaced showing air raids on the
district of inaudible as well inside the
camp the suburb of Damascus has seen the
most intense bombardment by the Syrian
army during the last four weeks before
the war the Yarmouk camp was home to one
of the most prosperous Palestinian
refugee communities in the Middle East
now it's a heap of rubble it's people
gone scattered across the region in 2013
Yarmouk came under siege deprived of all
aid for months when a shipment finally
got through crowds of thousands of
starving people were waiting the moment
is captured in this image one of the
most powerful of the year the United
Nations Relief and Works Agency for
Palestine refugees says it's overwhelmed
by the size of the humanitarian disaster
we have a terrible situation of our
staff when the first ceasefire was
mooted about a month just over a month
ago asked off a very excited because
many many of them are from Yarmouk and
they thought they could go back but of
course since then we've seen the
complete destruction I mean even a month
ago people were telling me in our office
in Damascus that there were only about
20% of the homes left standing so I
don't think many Palestinians feel that
there is a home and a place to go back
to ISIL fighters remained here after
other armed groups around Damascus left
it's not clear what deal if any has been
done now to get them out their
destination a so-called Syrian body a
sparsely populated part of the
countryside of Homs and there's or which
is still under ISIL control if this
evacuation is completed the Syrian
regime will for the first time in seven
years be in control of all of Damascus
and western Syria Mohammed Al Jazeera
