the coffin containing the body of rossi
McKenley is carried through the streets
of Kinshasa the mourners are determined
to take the remains of the young
political activists into the parliament
building the police are determined to
stop them and try but fail to lord
mccandies coffin onto the back of a
truck
Sanford Thurman I feel so bad to see how
this happen I can now say that they
killed my son two times this was the
same thing that happened the day he was
shot dead Rossi McCann D was killed from
police fired tear gas and live bullets
at potestas
in federal demonstrations organized by
the Catholic Church had been demanding
that Joseph Kabila the president of the
Democratic Republic of Congo steps down
Kabila's refused to leave the presidency
even though his official term ended in
2016 the Catholic Church is powerful in
the DRC its leaders allowed Kabila to
stay in office for another year as long
as presidential elections were held by
the end of 2017 but that votes not
happened yet the government says budgets
are too tight and voter registration
still hasn't been completed in Kinshasa
after negotiations with the chief of
police Rossi mccandies coffin is given a
police escort to the church where his
memorial is to be held outside his
fellow protesters say they are
determined to carry on people is the
power people is the the leader
so we have to continue this this fight
and prove just people always win
how can I be afraid so we are plenty can
you see there's many people there plenty
so who can it be a fight for that so and
nobody we can't stop us to fight for the
country as tears flow for gossamer candy
there are fears that more may die before
Joseph Kabila steps down Rob Matheson
our disease
