until recently tbilisi was becoming
popular as a safe haven for raving and
world-famous clubs like bash eonni that
reputation is now in question last
weekend riot police raided bass eonni
and another top nightclub what they said
was an anti drugs operation special
forces were involved angered by the
heavy-handed tactics thousands of
clubbers started a rave onto police's
Main Street it was a peaceful display of
people power but the mood changed when
neo nationalist groups arrived police
struggled to hold them back this man
says there's no place for gay people in
Georgia the aggression has to stop says
this club organizer we are really tired
of this like a constant situation where
government police charge I don't know
like some right-wing groups are trying
to infuse fear in US without generation
which is not afraid anymore
we will never live in the society we
want to live which is democratized
civilized society
there wasn't much mood for tolerance on
Thursday and even bigger crowds marched
the family purity an event sponsored by
the powerful georgian church organized
explicitly to counter International Day
Against homophobia we say no to
narcotics we say no to homosexuality and
to all other sins that will distance a
human being from God we consider these
people to be ill they need treatment the
events of the past week has shown
divisions in Georgia's society between
those who see themselves as liberal and
progressive and a great many Georgians
under the guidance of the church
you see liberalism as a threat to their
way of life later on Thursday a few
activists gathered to defend LGBTQ
rights but despite police lines this
assault happened right in front of the
cameras
it was later arrested when you stand
somewhere to be against homophobia this
is too risky
yeah to risking much more risk it is
risky being different in Georgia today
Robin Forestier Walker al Jazeera
Tbilisi
