the Jade tabatha says she suffered ankle
pain for years she's a teacher and
spends her days standing in classrooms
here in Durban in South Africa doctors
haven't been able to find out what's
wrong so she's come to Africa's first
cannabis dispensary to look for a
solution it starts with a consultation
with a traditional healer he recommends
some herbal medicines including cannabis
oil hoping that the medicines that they
are prescribing or herbal medicines I'm
sure I've made to help I'm looking
forward to getting on to the treatment
and being pain-free as well as a
traditional healer the owners that our
dispensary soon hopes to have a doctor
in here and a chiropractor in here as
soon as the regulations allowing and any
of them can refer patients to the
dispensary where there's a range of
medicinal cannabis oils and other
products available marijuana is illegal
in South Africa well there a recent high
court judgment has allowed possession of
small quantities MPs have discussed
legalization for medicinal use
but this celebration of Bob Marley's
birthday in Durban earlier this year
police didn't seem to mind the
organizers gave us this video so now the
dispensary only supplies product without
the psychoactive and otherwise illegal
ingredient known as THC kadhi Satara is
the owner Vijay his first patient is his
mother since launching this week people
have been calling from all over the
country to break the stigma on cannabis
to showcase that cannabis can be used
effectively to treat a number of
conditions and integrate medical
professionals as well as traditional
healers to allow the whole of South
Africa a holistic approach to hockey
everyone's entirely comfortable about
legalizing marijuana
Steve Hamilton spent years in
rehabilitation centers and has brain
damage from drug abuse
he says cannabis led him on to more
dangerous drugs now he visits schools to
discourage children from trying any of
them my fear is that there's a line
between preventing and promoting
and misinformation whereby kids would
think that it's legal to smoke it and
abuse it used on a medicine your basis
yeah I wish them well with it at the
dispensary staff wait for patients to
come and for the laws to change
neighboring Zimbabwe in the zoo to have
legalized some medicinal production and
research within the last year people
here hope South Africa will follow
Malcolm Webb al Jazeera Durban
