it's an ominous image Jammal hisagi on
security camera video entering the Saudi
consulate last Tuesday his fiancee who
accompanied him to the consulate has
verified it it's the last time he has
been seen in public just a few days ago
the Saudi journalist spoke to BBC radio
recently through D columnist an
economist who was close to the Royal
Court get arrested and that scared many
people because here we are talking about
somebody was close to the government
right right I don't even want to use the
term this indecent yeah we over there
are dissidents I mean the people who are
arrested are not even being dissidents
right they just have an independent mind
until now I don't call myself an
opposition I always say I am just a
writer I want a free environment to
write and speak my mind
Turkish sources say they believe he was
killed inside the consulate Saudi Arabia
categorically denies that Saudi
authorities have now said they will
allow Turkish investigators inside the
consulate to continue their
investigation but this opposition member
and human rights activist says he is
skeptical anything will be found it
seems like a professional job it's
already been seven days if the Saudis
weren't sure about themselves they would
not let the Turkish authorities in the
Saudis did give a tour of the building
to a group of journalists on Saturday
the console opening a small cabinet what
appears to be a fuse box in an effort to
show Jamaa hisagi was not there there
are lot of allegations and much
speculation about what happened to Jamal
kesaji here inside the Saudi consulate
but Turkey hasn't yet provided any
evidence to back up their beliefs that
he may have been murdered here and Saudi
hasn't provided any proof that he ever
left the only thing we know for sure is
that Jamal kesaji
entered the Saudi consulate a week ago
and no one has seen or heard from him
since Stephanie Decker al Jazeera
Istanbul
