despite the maximum security on the
streets of Srinagar angry protesters
took to the streets students and Indian
separatists showed their defiance and
railed against paramilitary forces local
authorities call for schools and shops
be shut down and mobile phone services
cut the preparatory moves seemed
fruitless separatists in the
muslim-majority region have been
fighting for an independent Kashmir or a
merger with neighboring Pakistan for
nearly 30 years no we don't welcome Modi
here it will come here to show to the
world that there is peace in Kashmir but
in reality there's no peace in Kashmir
there is darkness in Kashmir the more
beautiful Kashmir looks from outside the
more dark and painful it's from inside
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi is
on a one-day visit to open a
hydroelectric project and visit
University but he acknowledged the
antagonism over New Delhi's control we
are trying to bring the majority of such
youngsters into the mainstream who have
been inspired by foreign propaganda and
are attacking their own nation there's
no alternative to peace and cooperation
my advice to such youngsters who have
chosen a different path is to rejoin the
mainstream as typify by their own family
and parents their participation is
required in the development of Jammu and
Kashmir India had ordered its 500,000
troops to suspend military operations
during the holy month of Ramadan which
started on Wednesday but fighting across
the border between Pakistani and Indian
forces on Friday killed at least three
people the Himalayan region of Kashmir
has been a bone of contention between
the neighbors since they both gained
independence in 1947 with each side
accusing the other of triggering clashes
several hundred this year alone scenes
like this look no closer to ending Hanan
hawkster al jazeera
