santa fe high school students were
allowed to return to their campus on
Saturday to retrieve belongings and take
away cars they left behind when they ran
for their lives public officials met
with reporters but gave little new
information about the shooting rampage
which left ten dead and 13 wounded our
unified goal is to give our Sanpei
families solace and comfort during these
devastating times and we will never
leave your side this is a tough time
we've got a hurting community we've got
people who've lost loved ones
some of them students some adults we are
gonna pull through this US and Texas
flags flew at half-staff in a sign of
respect and pleas for prayer appeared by
the town's roadsides school shootings
have polarized opinion in the u.s. the
country's powerful pro-gun Lobby
continues to resist any attempt to
tighten up some of the most liberal
firearms laws in the world the Santa Fe
atrocity broke the hearts of a family
living half a world away in Karachi
Pakistan family members prayed and
mourned 18 year-old Sabiha Shaikh
she was an exchange student a smiling
girl who came to study and experience
life in the u.s. only to fall victim to
one of her host country's ugliest
problems I didn t talk about 9/11 I was
watching TV and there was news about
shooting at the Texas school I was
struck with Chuck
the alleged killer 17 year old Demetrius
Pegasus remains in jail little is known
about his motivation although some
classmates said he seemed fascinated by
guns and Texas officials say he kept a
journal planning the shooting found
probable cause on two charges capital
murder aggravated assault in the public
servant I denied bond on both of those
charge
counselors from religious and secular
groups are coming to Santa Fe to offer
what help they can sometimes a warm hug
is exactly the help someone needs all
Santa Fe public schools will be closed
until at least Wednesday of next week to
give students teachers and the entire
community time to grieve Rob Reynolds al
Jazeera Santa Fe Texas
