going after Tehran the US government is
seeking a global coalition to counter
what it calls Iran's destabilizing
activities but what kind of a coalition
will it be and could it involve a
military element this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program
I'm Mohammed I'm Jim a threat to the
world that's how US President Donald
Trump's administration is describing
Iran's government the State Department
has announced plans to form an
international coalition to counter what
it calls Iran's destabilizing influence
but it's not clear what shape this
coalition will take or whether it
involves any type of military component
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo was
expected to give further details in his
first foreign policy address on Monday
we'll get to our guests in a moment but
first let's have a listen to what the
State Department spokeswoman Heather
downward had to say on this issue the
United States will be working hard to
put together a coalition not unlike the
D Isis coalition where we bring together
a lot of countries from around the world
with the specific goal of looking at the
Iranian regime through a more realistic
lens not just through the lens of the
nuclear deal but rather through all of
its to stabilizing activities that
aren't just a threat to to the region
but are a threat to the broader world
since coming to office President Donald
Trump has made clear his strong
opposition to the 2015 Iran nuclear deal
and earlier this month he pulled the us
out of the multi country agreement and
Rhee imposed economic sanctions
the US has blamed to Iran for providing
her--they rebels in Yemen with weapons
and has presented evidence of what it
says our Iranian made missiles being
fired into Saudi Arabia Iran's support
for the Lebanese group Hezbollah and its
intervention in Syria are also a problem
for the u.s. Trump has strongly
condemned to Iran for its support of the
Syrian president
all right let's introduce our panel in
Tehran Mohammed I'm sorry far he's a
political analyst joining us on skype
from Washington DC Hillary man Leverett
a former US diplomat and negotiator with
Iran and here in Doha jubes Whaley a
professor of Middle East politics and
Iran at Qatar University welcome to you
all
Hillary let me start with you the US
State Department is saying that they
want to form a coalition to counter
Iran's destabilizing influence from your
vantage point what is the main takeaway
from Heather now which remarks
what exactly does this mean I think
she's previewing a very important speech
that the new Secretary of State Pompeyo
will deliver on Monday here in
Washington DC at the very conservative
organization the Heritage Foundation it
is to be his signature foreign policy
speech his first one and it's to lay out
a very tough I think probably very
insulting case against Iran to lay the
ground for what they call a
comprehensive strategy to contain what
they see as problematic activities by
Iran and to again reassert US dominance
in the Middle East through a coalition
including Saudi Arabia the United Arab
Emirates and Israel all together to
contain to contain Iran that is what
Pompeo is expected to unveil on Monday
and I think that's what they're focused
on my job I see you nodding your head
there as Hillary was speaking what do
you think we're gonna be hearing from US
Secretary of State Pompeo I think he he
was trying to response to the concern of
the President Trump when he announced
2017 the national strategy at national
security strategy of the United States
where he basically repeated Iran more
than 11 time in the strategy and North
Korea the debate about in that strategy
that Iran is actually the main concern
of the administration and is
destabilizing the Middle East of course
the new Secretary of State is trying to
echo the view of the president when it
comes to Iran as we know Trump has
announced Iran basically as one of the I
would say troublemaker in the region and
he started with the wooded row of the
nuclear deal and now he's actually
trying to shape his foreign policy
towards Iran after that step I think
what we are seeing is very important
step towards limiting what Iran is doing
in the region by relying on it
traditionally players in the region who
had failed so far to face Iran and they
failed also to response to the concern
of international community
including the United States Muhammad in
her remarks Heather now art also added
that this coalition will not be anti
Iran because the u.s. stands firmly
behind Iran's people for you from your
vantage point does this raise the
specter once again that the US will
pursue regime change in Iran I think
what the mr. tompa and American
government is pursuing is just to weaken
Iran's regime and I think this is the
continuation of the past policy of
American all governments American
governments during the last four decades
and I think what they talk about Iran's
regional power or influence and the
missiles is only an excuse to pressurize
Iran Akama economically and everybody
knows that during the last 40 years the
pressure for America against Iran has
not minimized at all another thing this
is not the end of American pincers on
Iran and we should be waiting for more
pressures for America American
governments in near futures and also in
next year's Hillary one of the things
that Heather and our did not address
when she was speaking was whether or not
this coalition would include some kind
of a military component do you believe
that the u.s. is headed towards some
kind of military confrontation or that
this coalition that will be forming is
headed towards some kind of military you
know confrontation with Iran well
certainly past precedent the United
States has behaved and you know I was in
the the Bush White House that Bush 41
White House in 2001 2002 in the lead-up
to the invasion of Iraq and they they
were saying some of those same things
early on that of course they the u.s.
stands by the people of Iraq and is just
trying to change Iraq Iraqi behavior and
benefit the Iraqi people so I think
unfortunately we are seeing a redo of
that kind of rhetoric the kind of axis
of evil' rhetoric that it's all about
the Iranian regime like it was about the
Iraqi regime we have not heard yet of
a military component but I would not be
surprised if on Monday secretary Pompeo
says something in his speech about
expediting the shipment of what they
call bunker-busting Bob's to Israel
Saudi Arabia and the United Arab
Emirates
the idea that the United States would be
directly involved in a u.s. type of
invasion of Iraq visa V Iran I think
it's something that president Trump has
taken off the table but he is very
interested in selling more and more
advanced US weaponry to Israel Saudi
Arabia and the Emirates for them to to
take military actions as they see fit
and I think we're seeing that in terms
of the u.s. green-lighting of Israeli
actions in Syria and elsewhere what
Trump is doing is green lighting as we
often say here in Washington giving the
green light to others to take more
assertive more aggressive more
militaristic actions that Trump doesn't
want to do himself I hope if you could
expand on what Hillary was saying there
based on the fact that so much weaponry
is being sold to the Middle East do you
think that this is going to precipitate
an all-out arms race in the region of
course but let's let's also put figures
in in a context what Trump is doing now
back actually he is repeating what the
bush the son has done basically against
Iran when it comes to form a coalition
against Iran and that coalition
basically from you know from the same
players Hillary has mentioned but also
this you know this kind of coalition
always failing because of they need
another support another support can come
from Europe with the absence of Europe
on this on this in this case I don't
think so will be able to continue on his
on his you know rhetoric about Iran for
so for for this I I have to to remind
the viewers that what what was being
done so far is a sort of a strategy to
mobilize more countries against Iran
which Iran is aware of and they in the
past they were able to tackle this with
even before the
before the nuclear deal and I think what
we see now is sad this kind of
repetition of that approach this takes
me to the second point which basically
you know the United States or the Trump
administration can you know shape his
the plan based on limiting the movement
of Iran in the region however we know
that Iran has done all of this under the
eyes of the United States including what
was what is Iran was doing in Iraq for
example since 2005 we know that the
administration at that time Adi you know
how to deal with Iran to secure but that
so there are a lot of gaps when it comes
to form such a coalition against there
is mistrust of the American approach and
which makes me feel that even those
players Hillary has mentioned Israeli
and Emiratis and Saudis I'm not sure
they are thinking the same song and
everyone has her own agenda and even you
know buying or selling more weapons to
those countries we know that Israel is
having sort of support from tonight
estate Saudis and Emiratis all of what
they come by I'm not sure they will be
able to help in any kind of military
operation in the future if it happens
against Iran so there is a lot of you
know as we say diverse and this and then
a lot of details
I don't think so that if everything
happens in Washington they are taking it
into consideration when it comes to the
region which already very complicated in
its politics political in politics and
also on different players who are
engaging in these politics Mohamed do
you believe that the u.s. is main aim
here is to get concessions from Iran and
do you believe that that could actually
happen that the Iranian regime would be
in a position where they would give up
something I think what Americans are
after is just to pressurize Iran to gain
more cessations forum Iran and at the
same time to weaken Iran as a symbol of
resistance in the region so if the Iran
they want to show
to other parts of the world especially
to the neighboring countries and Islamic
countries that confronting America and
coming out of the home barrel of America
would cost you so much and you will
reach nowhere so what they are doing to
do is just to say that Iran cannot be
the symbol of resistance but I think
that cannot work and it has not proved
that it's not war it does not work and I
think the Americans at the end will have
no choice but to come along with Iran
and to have some sharing of the regional
powers and also to let Iran to have
friendly relations with the Western
powers including America another thing
what Iran is after is not just
challenging the Western powers or even
America but to having its own
independence and to have you know its
own aims and ambitions and but in the
last few years Iran has not very has not
been inviting any country even for it in
any country except Israel because we you
know things that is really behind all
these pressures against Iran
Hillary let's switch gears here for a
second and talk about the Iran nuclear
deal which the u.s. pulled out of just
in the past couple of weeks now European
leaders have been really trying to
ensure that this deal can survive but do
you see a scenario here in which the
deal can go on I do not at this point
unfortunately I think that the United
States what is a critical component of
the deal not just for or not even about
the u.s. direct role in in the deal the
key problem I think and it this is this
is important and I think lost on on many
who look at look at these issues the key
problem that Trump had with the deal was
that it did nothing to change
fundamentally the u.s. Iranian
relationship for the from the
perspective from what I've heard within
the White House from President Trump and
from Secretary of State Pompeyo
the key problem is that it did nothing
to help the United State the United
States in terms of its security and
perhaps more importantly did nothing to
help
States economically to the extent that
the Iran nuclear deal was going to help
anyone from their perspective it was to
help European companies and Asian
companies not American companies so part
of what you're seeing here is I think
very much us attempt to not only get out
of the deal but to destroy the deal to
destroy any possibility ability for your
European companies and even Asian
companies to really reap the benefits of
a u.s. withdrawal from the deal what
Trump and Pompeyo are positioning
themselves to do like with North Korea
is to hit Iran as hard as they possibly
can and to really get rid of even our
allies in the multilateral context to
set Iran up to have to deal with the
United States bilaterally now that's
president Trump and Secretary of State
Pompeo the added complication here which
is very important is the new national
security adviser balton Alton is not
really on the same page as Trump and
Pompeyo in trying to set up a kind of
bilateral dynamic between the u.s. and
Iran where the u.s. hits Iran hard but
at the end of the day is open to and
interested in a negotiation for what
they call a bigger better deal Bolton on
the other hand is all about an only
about regime change overthrowing the
government of Iran that has been his
long-held belief and policy and I worked
with him in the State Department during
the Bush administration that is his
deeply held belief and policy going at
going back since the the formation of
the Islamic Republic of Iran in 1979 you
heard Hillary they're talking about the
effects on companies that the pullout of
the u.s. from this deal of course there
are European leaders there are leaders
within the EU that are trying to protect
European companies to try to pass laws
or activate mechanisms by which European
companies that are now trying to do
business in Iran would be protected from
US sanctions but many don't think that
that would really be effective that
there's a way to guarantee those
protections and big companies like total
have already said that they are going to
pull out of any business prospect with
Iran what do you think is there a way
for European leaders countries the EU to
protect these companies from US
sanctions I think it's unlikely I mean
this deal cannot be
survive without the United States then
let's remember 2005 there was a deal
presented by the u by UK France and and
in Germany and that was that was an
excellent deal occurred at that time the
Iranians rejected that deal basically
because Washington was not on board at
that time the main concern as it is now
is regime change because they wanted
what they wanted Washington to be in
board to make sure that there is no
regime change on the table now with the
you know pull out of the deal I think
the whole issue of regime change is
coming back to the table that's one
aspect the other aspect the economic
aspects I'm not sure the European
companies will be able to survive and to
work in Iran without having sort of you
know green light from the from
Washington they will not be don't be no
sanction against them because at the end
of the day these companies behind
interest and this interest if it not
being secured I'm not sure they will be
able to to work in Iran as you mentioned
to tell one of those companies it
started to work in Iran after the deal
they are now thinking seriously to pull
out and and China would replace them
that is that's an example but there are
other examples from Germany which which
is which had a great business with with
Iran and I think that's that that makes
me say that the deal will not survive
actually and and we may see Europeans
facing real challenges of protecting or
or or maintaining the deal with Iran and
I think that is the reason why we see
Iran is engaging with the Europeans
trying to see what is the possibility
what the European can do so the deal can
cement maintain if not I would not be
surprised if Iran decided to pull out of
the deal as well because without the
United States the whole issue of regime
change will be on the table again and
Iran will not be will not be able to
commit itself of of just you know
listening to what Washington is doing
without having actions Mohammed Iranian
president rouhani has said he wants the
deal to survive they're going to work
with European leaders to try to ensure
the survival of the nuclear deal what do
you think do you believe that it can
survive at this point
it's very difficult as a fact because
the America is the main trade partner to
European countries but I think what
would happen actually what would happen
is that Americans behind the scene we do
some business with European Western
countries to say let go you can have
some trades with Iran we will have blind
our eyes on them but we you should do
that in very limited scale so I think
what the Americans do with the Europeans
is just to let them have some business
with Iran and events safeguard the some
of their companies but not all of them
but to bring more more pressure on
Iran's oil and gas industry so to learn
to do not let Iran to have much more
money for all the exports or gas exports
and even to have gas exports to
neighboring countries to have more
influence on neighboring countries
because Iran is trying to export gasp -
Amon - Iraq and also already is
exporting gas to Turkey and maybe to
India and Pakistan and Afghanistan and
it it will be a very big tool in Iran's
hands so Americans are trying to deprive
Iran from that - good day with predators
European countries not to work with Iran
and collaborated with Iran in oil and
gas industry that's why we see that
total is pulling out of Iran's oil and
gas complexes and I think this will not
work very well because there are other
companies from China even Russia to help
Iran to develop its gas and oil industry
and I think it would only slower Iran's
push towards big country in the region
to be a big country in the region
hillarie of course muhammad was talking
there about Russia and China and now
Russia and China of course were angered
by President Trump's decision to pull
out of the Iran deal but you know how
much of an advantage do they have right
now to really go in and film fill the
political and diplomatic vacuum created
by the u.s. pulling out of the Iran
nuclear deal I think that's a very very
tricky issue for Russia it has developed
really a strategic relationship with
Iran particularly in the context of
their cooperation over Syria that
relationship has developed very steadily
very significantly and really
strategically over Syria and I think
will help Iran to be able to work with
Russia to protect Iran's interests going
forward more broadly these of United
States also because Russia is the
subject of many US sanctions Russia has
a lot of common interest there with Iran
China is really the big the decisive
economic player and I think there is a
real question mark about what China will
do China surprisingly I think too many
in Beijing and even to people thinking
in Iran and some here in Washington is
surprisingly under a great deal of
pressure from Trump's white house over
over sanctions that the United States
has imposed on China for some of its
huge telecommunications companies for
example ZTE the sanctions that the u.s.
imposed on CTE sent that company into
near bankruptcy within a couple of days
not a couple of weeks or a couple of
months but within a couple of days and
so the economic power the technology
that the United States has that it is
using to hold over China as part of its
bilateral talks on trade broader trade
deals but also on Iran could be very
important and how China proceeds will be
I think watch very carefully here it is
not it's not a done deal that China's
going to go into Iran and take up all of
these economic deals in defiance of the
United States I think that is that is a
real question mark Mohammed looked like
you wanted to jump in there we only have
a couple of minutes left what did you
want to add I think I think China and
Russia they are in a critical situation
because Russia has interest
to show that it is the main player in
the Middle East in the last ten years
and it's influential as well especially
what after what we see in Syria the sort
of collaboration between Russia and Iran
China I think they are facing real
challenges especially with the fact that
you know the the aspect of technology
with the United States is absolutely
ahead of China that's the main challenge
however Chinese is still they have their
own way to work with Iran especially on
the gas and oil and even be through
qumari as well I think they have a
potential to work with Iran but again
Chinese and Russia we witness their you
know their behavior and in the past they
were not really tough and and and and
really hard when it comes to the
critical times we show that Iran we show
that for example Russia approved 2/3
resolution of sanctions against Iran and
they actually reject to use the veto so
I'm not sure that they will be really
100% with Iran however they try to they
will try to act that they are the allies
of Iran at least as in the couple of in
the next couple of months
all right we've run out of time so we're
gonna have to leave it there thanks to
all our guests Mohammed Ansari far
Hillary man Leverett and my jobs weary
and thank you too for watching you can
see the program again any time by
visiting our website aljazeera.com and
for further discussion go to our
Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
inside story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
aj inside story from me Mohammed Jim's
room and the whole team here bye for now
you
