even before he was sworn in as Prime
Minister in August 2014 haider al-abadi
x' predecessor Nouri al-maliki claimed
his appointment was illegal the fight
for legitimacy set the tone for about
his first few months in office
Maliki remained a behind-the-scenes
power broker as a body tried to stamp
his authority on the Prime Minister's
office he promised reforms to the
controversial quota system that has
allowed Araki politicians to turn
ministries into their personal fiefdom
x' staff them with their own supporters
and inflate the civil service from 1
million under saddam hussein to 7
million now Abadi had powerful
supporters including grand ayatollah ali
Sistani the highest shia muslim cleric
in iraq iraq faced many challenges and
in the spring of 2014 isil fighters
seized large parts of the country the
price of oil plummeted wrecking the
Iraqi economy which largely depends on
oil income electricity shortages
continued and sectarian policies
instigated by Maliki continued to have
an impact throughout his tenure Abadi
was also handicapped by a lack of
support from his own party the United
States and Iran both long-term rivals
for influence over Iraq rallied behind
him as protesters took to the streets
every Friday for the last six months in
2015 then the leader of one of the
strongest Shia factions moqtada al-sadr
sent his followers from the suburbs of
Baghdad to join the protests and demand
Abadi former cabinet of experts to run
government ministries Abadi tried and
failed as the Iraqi government descended
into chaos with fists flying in
Parliament
despite all of this a body regained all
the territory that former PM Maliki lost
to ISIL he has secured renewed American
military support and with American help
the army that fled Mosul in June 2014
has been rearmed and now has an Air
Force and a division of Special Forces
who have proven capable fighters he had
support from the US and neighbouring
Turkey in Iran when he punished the
Kurdish regional government for its 2017
referendum on independence which he
called illegal about his al nasara
coalition ran an election campaign that
reached out to predominantly Sunni areas
like Mosul perhaps one of the reasons
why it scored relatively well in the
war-torn city and surrounding Nineveh
province throughout his term our body
also managed to balance the competing
interests of the US and Iran in Iraq and
he has done this without ignoring the
interests of Sunni neighbors like Saudi
Arabia in the elections he faced strong
competition from other predominantly
Shia coalition's heavily supported by
Iran including Fatah led by the former
commander of the Shia militia Hadi L
Omri a body hasn't secured the top place
in the elections but it's likely moqtada
al-sadr and his winning coalition will
choose him as a partner to form a new
government chants trafford al jazeera
