hi I'm Emma okay and I'm Molly could be
loud after a decades-long hiatus why is
Russia so interested in renewing ties in
Africa tweet us your thoughts or leave
them in our live YouTube chat and you
too could be in the stream in the days
of the Soviet Union the Kremlin
maintains strong ties with African
nations but the collapse of the Soviet
Union in the 1990s caused Russia to
retreat inward now it appears already to
once again establish close relationships
on the continent in recent months Russia
has built military partnerships with
Uganda Democratic Republic of Congo and
the Central African Republic the Kremlin
has also shipped arms to Cameroon and
has announced plans to build a nuclear
power plant in Sudan for some African
countries the attention for Moscow is
tempting so how would this situation
develop and what does Russia want out of
it joining us to discuss this in Moscow
Olga kolba she's a senior research
fellow at the Institute for African
Studies of the Russian Academy of
Sciences in New York Rona go POTUS he's
a director at signal risk an exclusively
African risk advisory firm also in New
York Abdul Latif Taher he's a Nairobi
based reporter with ports Africa and
here in our studio Paul Stransky he's a
senior fellow with the Carnegie
Endowment for international peace
working in the Russia and Eurasia
program welcome everyone to the stream
good to have you here this is a topic
that resonates very well with our
audience online and so I want to start
with this tweet from Samuel who gives us
a little history lesson abridged he says
Russia systematically sought to restore
the positions and Moscow lost after the
fall of the Soviet Union and the
turbulent decade that followed
so Abdi he explains why we see Russia in
on the African continent now but from
your point of view in your perspective
why do you think they're there Thank You
Malika I think definitely there
to Russia having historic relations with
a continent whether in the Soviet era or
before that but we do see this market
interest specifically over the last year
because of the change of volunteer
political dynamics I think in the
continent Africa you know is both
searching for and being courted by new
strategic partners and I think another
reason why Russia is very much
interested in the region is because what
we've seen with the drill down in terms
of engagement within the continent from
the US administration and other Western
you know states who yeah you know AB Z
is in Nairobi right now are hoping that
we will reconnect
Oh is he new do you know what he's from
Nairobi he's in New York and I was
waiting for that connection to actually
kick back in Abdi can you just pick up
where you left off cuz when he froze for
a second go ahead yes I what I was
saying is also the reason why Russia was
interested in this is because in the
continent is you know they drove down
that we're seeing from either the United
States or about the western states and
also for Russia itself the diplomatic
isolation one reason is a threat of
isolation from Europe and the u.s. of
most coast policies in Syria and before
that in Ukraine and Crimea so this has
pushed the Kremlin to seek African Allah
is not least also for their votes at the
UN General Assembly and I think the last
point is also because of the relations
with China you know China is deep in
which within the continent so what share
for instance can offer consumer goods
like China can but what it can offer for
instance is arms an occasional debt
relief in exchange for you know we're
gonna drill hydrocarbons on extractables
here and there so the larger thinking is
that you know in the end that Africa
there's going to be an opportunity to
build a new power bloc that could be
considered mutually beneficial for both
Russia and Africa after you talk about
the entire continent as if the entire
continent is in this with Russia do you
mean that no it's definitely not it's
there what we be seeing specifically is
China engaging countries you know that
either dissatisfied with their relations
with with the West countries like
Sudan Zimbabwe and Central Africa
Republic we're also seeing Russia engage
in countries where these political
change for visitors if you look at the
heart of Africa and China recently
saying that I mean Russia stories
recently saying that they're gonna
establish a logistics base in Eritrea
that is a very significant development
because of you know what's been
happening in in all of Africa
and Prime Minister Abbey Ahmed coming
into power extending a you know of the
the fall of relations between you know
between the T of in Eritrea and Eritrea
Djibouti Somalia and and you know and
yes I'm really interested I'll going in
a Russian perspective here if you could
take me around the continent where would
you take me to show the greatest area of
Russian influence okay it is interesting
that Russia now is really engaging more
with Africa and as for the trade
relations for example Russian trade is
more with the countries of modern of
North Africa so but also we have
interests in other regions and countries
of African continent so it is these are
also countries with which we had strong
relations in the Soviet Angola Zimbabwe
and South Africa and and also when I say
okay what would I say in Zimbabwe where
I would say oh I say Russia's at Woking
what what I say in Zimbabwe in Zimbabwe
Oh
Russia is interested in in mining in the
mining sector so there is a there are
platinum resources in which Russia is
greatly interested it's like a part of
entail that was it of platinum and this
is the project in which Russian
cooperation rustic and masculine Burke
is interested okay so August earlier on
this year the year Russian Foreign
Minister Sergey Lavrov visited a number
of different countries on the continent
one of them was Zimbabwe and this is
what the Zimbabwean Foreign Minister
sebou see so moooo
had to say about this relationship with
Russia ELISA it is the desire of the
mobians
that we can benefit out of the
technology with the Russians are quite
competent in and so that we can also
develop in terms of upgrading through
the special economic zones for example
we have just been asked so that we can
invest relies value add and then
creative value in what we do pool that
was very upbeat there from the foreign
minister Zimbabwe he sounded positively
excited mhm he did and I think it'll be
very interesting to see what happens in
the long term between Sambhav way and
Russia there's a lot of promises that
have been made but what we see in a lot
of Russian engagement with Africa is
lots of exciting deals are signed and
then if you look to three years down the
road not all of them come to fruition so
you know for when I look at Zimbabwe I
see basically mining I don't see a whole
lot of technology coming from from
Russia I see much more sort of
extractives and and and and that type of
industries I also see sort of a partner
in sort of sort of a political partner
for Russia sort of globally I mean they
these in Bob way has at times in the
past back to Russia at the UN and I
think Russia is trying to sort of keep
that in with the political change that
we've seen in Zimbabwe over the past few
years to try and sort of solidify that
partnership moving forward one of the
biggest parts of this partnership that
our community gets pointing out is arms
this is live on YouTube this is a road
who writes in Putin is going to use
Russian military weapons as currency to
buy Africa there's a lot of skepticism
here online but we also got a video
coming from someone who has some
specific examples of what that currency
might look like this is Salim Salomon
she's a multimedia digital journalist
said VOA
the African division and here's what she
told the stream Russia's making a
comeback with big announcements on the
continent one of the latest expansions
is with Eritrea forging a security
relationship last month with MA
so when Moscow announced to build a
logistic Center on the Red Sea coast
this is the latest effort to forge
alliances with countries in Africa
following multiple trips to the
continent by this year by its Foreign
Minister Sergei Lavrov to discuss
military economic and diplomatic
partnerships these partnerships have
historically centered on arms deals arms
sales with documented deals between
Russia and at least 30 African countries
between 1990 and 2017 Russia and Egypt
for example engaged in the nearly 30
arms deals so burnick she just gave us a
few examples there but what do you make
of those deals this is part of a new
world global order that we're looking at
yes I think the interesting thing is
what is Russia's strategy in Africa
going to be so relative to the last time
that they were in Africa you know their
economic power has diminished they don't
have the same scale as they did with the
Soviet Union so they're gonna have to
play clever and I think the approach is
going to be more of one around energy
diplomacy and hard power so that speaks
to things like exploration rights in
hydrocarbons
it speaks to things like nuclear power
and it speaks to armament supplies and
sales and we're seeing gradual efforts
in in those in those arenas I think you
know taking a step back there is a shift
in global geopolitics right so in 2016
we had briggsie we had the election of
Donald Trump and we saw a more insular
approach from the Western world China's
influence in Africa is very well
documented and they're looking to
exploit the vacuum that exists amongst
Western powers and now given kind of
Vladimir Putin's global agenda and the
fact that he wants to reassert Russia as
a global player again you know Africa is
emerging as another arena and they don't
want to miss out on the scramble again
I'm looking here I guess a posting here
from the now post Russia cancels all
deaths of African countries in excess of
20 billion dollars poor that is
significant it is a significant amount
of debt relief that we've seen Africa do
and I've even seen figures that are even
larger than
over the last couple years but I think
just to give a little scale if you look
at sort of Chinese commercial loans to
Africa over that same period its I think
believe it's around eighty six billion
dollars so I think this sort of
highlights a problem that Russia is
having in that it's having difficulty
competing with with with with China when
Russia left the continent 20 years ago
it was you know the big the big one of
the big players there it disengaged for
about 20 years and it's having a sort of
a sort of unwelcome realization that it
has much less influence that it did
before and it's trying to play catch-up
and it doesn't have the same economic
power that it did in the past so I think
that's one reason why you see arm sales
it's one thing that Russia is very good
at and it's something that is very
attractive to many African countries and
all of it begs the question how do
citizens of some of these nations feel
and their leaders this is someone who
wrote in on YouTube how do the African
leaders and people see the influence of
Russia they also add in China but let's
focus here on Russia when it comes to
investment is it good or bad as in a new
form of colonization opti I'll give this
one to you I think much like the
relationship of the China Africa
relationship with within the continent
we should be alive to the opportunities
and pitfalls of this and and also view
Russia's interests in the within the
continent within a broader and
geostrategic context I that should be my
opinion because I feel like yes these
idea of new colonization from
quote-unquote from China
there's the talk of a new Scramble for
Africa right and African policymakers
and should exploit this renewed
attention in an advantageous manner
rather than you know falling victim to
geopolitical chess I mean we already
know about the Russian nuclear deal in
South Africa which has been shouted in
in in controversy we and do know about
Mozambique Foresters and the Russian
lender VTB and involved in a
multi-billion dollar debt scandal there
so there is an a lot of opportunities
for African governments who are looking
to create opportunities to create a
growth to look for political support
from you know whether it's Russia or
China other country but we also have to
be cognizant of the problems that might
arise from some of these deals if I can
come in there yeah yeah please yes I
think the issue here is that you know
there's there's a tendency to paint
Russian and Chinese engagement as as
evil relative to Western engagement and
I think what that does is it absorbs but
who paints that it's evil who's saying
it's evil
so I mean the terms and conditions that
that come with with Russian and Chinese
engagement in the Western media in
particular they're allegations that it's
bad for a country that it's not good for
the quality of the growth and there all
these shady deals which which don't have
transparency and I mean dissecting the
nature of the of the the relationships
typically these tend to be government to
government type deals very similar to
the Chinese engagement whereas countries
like India and countries like Japan tend
to take a more private sector oriented
approach I think you know this narrative
what it doesn't focus on is African
agency and who do we blame if countries
get into dodgy deals you know they they
mortgage their sovereignty and they they
give up huge concessions and the likes
to to partners who are willing to to not
ask questions effectively so the
accountability piece is one that I think
needs greater scrutiny whether that's
through the media civil society to
better leadership from are you seeing
that are you seeing accountability are
you seeing strategic deals being done on
the continent with Russia because Africa
has the minerals
you've got the minerals you've got the
resources hey you are the continent that
actually everybody wants to come to play
with yeah and the reality is that it's
not good enough so a country like Kenya
is doing this pretty well you know
they're using economic diplomacy and
they're exploiting the geo-strategically
location the fact that they've got
interest from the east and the west and
they're making that work for them but
sadly not enough countries are doing
that and
I think what what a good policymaker in
in in many affluent countries would do
would exploit the interest that you're
getting from Russia from China from
India from Japan and use that to
maximize economic value so be pragmatic
rather than ideological around foreign
policy I think is the route to go and
that's what's going to derive maximum
economic benefits and value over the
longer tip because you know Africa over
the longer term is going to have a
bigger work force than China and India
it's going to play a much more
meaningful role in global production and
consumption and the reality is that it's
too big to ignore as a continent so you
know what various countries do with
their agency and how they negotiate good
deals for themselves and their people
most importantly is is what we actually
should be focusing on rather than this
broader imperial agenda of a
recolonization of Africa oh god yeah
yeah yeah I want to bring you back into
the conversation okay I want to show you
something if I may this is from
alexander kots and alexander tweeted out
this video here it's Russian instructors
instructing local military in Sudan
they're working well together you hear
some Russian realism in Arabic I'm just
wondering culturally between Sudan and
Russia what is the court ruling the
cultural ties because back in the 16th
and 17th when Russia was doing really
well the Soviet Union was doing really
well with its relationships with the
continent there were cultural ties as
well okay go ahead what I can say is
that of course Russia tries to develop
cultural ties with Africa in the Soviet
era probably the cultural ties were much
stronger but although he also still
tried to develop them and as for Sudan I
cannot say about cultural links exactly
with Sudan even though for example our
Institute develops cultural links like
we always celebrate the National
first national celebrations of different
African countries we invite ambassadors
of different African countries to our
Institute we organize a celebration and
we discover organize conferences to
discuss the topical problems of this or
that country and also I Institute for
example reverse-flash research on this
or that country and publishes books and
articles and also on one of the areas of
cultural cooperation between Russia and
various African countries is that we
provide stipends for African cities
establish units including Sudan also
although in certain times we provided
much more stipends for the African
students but still up to 15,000 African
students are studying in Russia so this
is this is the soft power that we've
been talking about a little bit earlier
on
again it could just be that soft power
that mean that is why a couple of people
online not very many but if you see this
as a good and advantageous thing for
African countries this is Quebec on
Twitter who says Russia has a positive
impact on Africa they are not interested
economically but by strength through
collaboration so that's one person's
view I want to go over here to YouTube
this is someone else who writes in that
back in the day many infrastructural
projects were done by Russians such as
Nigeria's steel plant China and Russia
are not seen as these narcissistic
Western countries that feel that they
are owed interesting thoughts here Paul
I wouldn't have thought of them myself
what do you make of them that that
Russia is and and by some extent also
China are better more benevolent than
their Western counterparts well I'm not
sure I would agree with that statement
exactly but they do operate quite
differently from from the Western
counterparts in many ways Russia is a
little bit more transactional in the
Soviet era there was ideology related to
it now it's not it's not so much and you
are saying I mean I would agree with
Olga that you you do see some Russian
soft power it's much more now driven by
corporate interests that Russian
corporate corporate there was I think I
believe it there's a Russian language
student Sudan that's run by a Russian
company so you're seeing some of these
these soft power institutions but
they're very different from what they
were before but I do think you know you
know there's a lot of you know criticism
that you know the West conditions its
engagement conditions the stage was on
good governance and my anti-corruption
sometimes it realized you know it lives
up to that sometimes it doesn't but I
think for many African countries you
know the engagement can be turned off
from the West at a moment's notice so I
think many countries are looking at at
at China at Russia as a more reliable
partner and I think you particularly see
this with arms sales you know several
countries that have had you know the
West either Europe or the United States
cut off arm sales there now pivoting to
Russia because they don't see that as a
likely problem down the road and so I
sort of also would argue that many
African countries rapidly developing
economies they want greater global power
and they want greater influence over the
international system and they see Russia
and China as partners in that because
both of those countries are trying to
also reassert themselves in the global
power and so I think this is one thing
that drives the South African a Russian
relationship sometimes that relationship
seems bizarre to me
but I think it's that quest to sort of
gain greater influence in the world that
drives that I think I think also there's
there's a difference here between
willingness and ability right so there's
a lot of you know questions being posed
around Russia in during the Soviet area
during the Cold War and their engagement
then and whether that can be replicated
now the reality is that they they just
don't have the economic power or the
military power to do that anymore the
global system has changed so you know
once there may be the willingness to try
and reassert themselves on the the
African continent particularly in
countries where they've had historical
linkages where they provided academic
and military training to to liberation
leaders like South Africa like
Mozambique like Angola like Namibia you
know that's their they don't have the
means to do that anymore so we've got a
differentially
and that's why I think the strategy of
boxing clever and playing a niche game
around energy diplomacy and hard power
with a little bit of soft power is is
one that I think will be most effective
so you know if you look at what what the
rest of the world is trying to do on the
continents and you know the American
foreign policy has changed dramatically
and you know their relationship with
Africa will be around return on
investment yeah Europe is largely
focused around security and migration
Britain there's a potential opportunity
there with Briggs it's to to exploit the
Commonwealth linkages in the end and and
Japan are looking to establish a
military routes
China's got its belt Road initiative and
the criticisms around it's dead strategy
so I really want to just end with the
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov
he really spent a lot of time and a lot
of energy travelling around different
countries on the continent earlier on
this year here he is in June talking
about his strategy and what he's up to
have a listen well I think we I am the
post West World Order but this order is
being shaped and that will take a long
time it's a historical epoch of you if
you want certain after five was so
centuries of domination of the
collective West as it were it's not very
easy to adjust to new realities when
there are other powerhouses economically
financially and politically China India
Brazil African countries are going to be
very much on the rise you know I heard
China Africa China India Brazil
countries and in African countries he
didn't name the individual ones as my
pet peeve just creating the entire
continent you cannot thrown out though
because we're at the end of the show but
I do want to hear just Mallika just
squeezing now at the community before
every rapper I will end with two tweets
two comments rather this one is from
YouTube who says someone says this next
decade if Russia plays its card right
its influence will increase by a good
margin in line with China someone else
though is a little bit caution
Matar says I hope her African leaders
are taking precautions with these
relations so pull an ogre and Roenick
and Abdi thank you so much for being
guests on the string today we really
appreciate it Malika and I will always
be online you can find us on Twitter at
AJ stream thanks very much for watching
see you next time
