the character of Don Quixote is a
dreamer a madman who believes he cannot
die much like Terry Gilliam's film a
magical and bizarre take on the novel by
Miguel de Cervantes this is the fifth
version of a film started 20 years ago
the others work and after floods washed
away the sets lead actors died and
finances fell through it doesn't look
like an old farts film any other
director I would have given up the
Gilliam was stubborn it's not the film
he set out to make but better
and he believes audiences will be moved
I want everything I was cried - laughs -
if I joy find beauty fine ugliness fine
disturbing things get angry get anything
I just I think the film is goes so many
different places it allows the audience
to really experience something different
the behind the scenes disasters were
chronicled in the documentary lost in La
Mancha
this film might be an extreme example of
what can go wrong but if the thousands
of films being pitched here it can only
a fraction will ever be released and
it's not just low budget films that are
effective directors like Alfred
Hitchcock Orson Welles Amir Costa Rica
and Quentin Tarantino all made films
that were never finished every year
production companies lose hundreds of
thousands of dollars developing films
that are never seen by the public
producer Amy Gilliam tells me filmmaking
is like working with nature you never
know what's going to happen next
twenty years ago began its first
shooting and it was six days of shooting
with Johnny definitely John Ross war and
disasters happened and the film
production closed down and so for the
last 20 years we have been trying to put
that together with different casting
coming in different financing arms
different countries we looked at to
shoot in and these 20 years journey has
been a struggle but that's filmmaking
it's not easy
peasant you think you can hide from me
we show the man who killed Don Quixote
has defied the odds despite the film
rights still being disputed in court
what's left is a story that historians
critics and crowds will remember long
after the film ends charlie angela al
jazeera can
