now familiar images police swarm a
school students run in terror parents
panic another school shooting this time
at Santa Fe High School outside of
Houston Texas someone pulled the fire
alarm as students tried to lead the
school the sound of gunfire all these
teachers like telling us to get back I
didn't know what was going I thought the
school was on fire
and then we just heard gunshots go off
so he grabbed my hand and we took off
running nobody thought it would be this
nobody thought it was the shooting
everybody just thought it was a you know
normal procedure practice fire drill and
next thing you know we just hear so many
three gunshots a lot of explosions ought
to teach it to their toe nice run run go
like right a male student was arrested
and police say they found explosives
there have been explosive devices found
in the high school and surrounding areas
adjacent to the high school because of
the threat of these explosive items
community members should be on the
lookout for any suspicious items the
president tweeted it wasn't looking good
later making a statement my
administration is determined to do
everything in our power to protect our
students but how to protect students
that has become a polarizing answer
Republicans like the president believe
there should be more guns in school
teachers should be armed many Democrats
are pushing for stricter gun control
this is believed to be the 22nd mass
school shooting in the United States
this year just in 2018 we all this think
that it's never going to happen at your
place but that is becoming less certain
across the country as more people begin
to believe it might happen to them it
keeps happening to children in school
pati call haines al jazeera washington
