well changes to Zimbabwe is monetary
policy has generated a strong discussion
online a drop in value of the local bond
note has caused what some are calling
panic buying many are sharing videos
like this one scuffles between shoppers
trying to buy as much as they can as
worries about shortages and long queues
are expected others also posting
pictures showing the impact this is
having on the shelves red is limited to
two lows per customer and one beer is
available per customer and others are
talking about the spike in food prices
this user compares the price of a can of
tuna larger she says it was $2.00 79 and
today it costs $9 and four cents another
share the supermarket receipt saying the
prices of the products were suddenly
removed from the shelves
duping unsuspecting customers of their
hard-earned money and students at the
University of Harare have also been
protesting against the hike of
transportation fares they say that fares
have risen from 50 cents to one dollar
50 in some cases a Zimbabwe's permanent
secretary of information says the panic
buying is an artificial crisis all aimed
at profiting and pushing some hidden
political agenda and he's urging people
not to be swayed by the fake news and
shared this picture of the cooking oil
brand pure drop which states the current
selling price has not changed or we
heard from journalists in Harare this is
what they had to say I just popped out
just for lunch just to have a look at
two three supermarkets close the office
here and obviously long queues because
it's nice timekeeping I gave them their
lunch but certain products are starting
to disappear off the shelves I'm also
noticing that there's been quite a jump
in some of the products usually on sale
for a much much lower price in the
prices in some cases I traveled the
suggestion by the government that this
is all fake me as as absurd prices are
going up everyday in the supermarket
because of fundamentals in the economy
specifically a shortage of foreign
currency and increase in the cost of
foreign currency on the parallel market
not because some teenagers snapchatting
and The Economist Steve Hankey says
Zimbabwe snoo 2% tax on all money
transfers reveals more than the tax it's
a sign of a desperate government acting
without thinking and this tax will only
cause more private-sector panic and loss
of confidence
well back in March 2008 Kumar Santa
Maria anchored al-jazeera Zimbabwe
election coverage out of Harare and back
there now editorial team in Doha asked
if he could explain the hyperinflation
situation in simple terms take a look
this is a 100 US dollar note 100 US
dollars if I were to take that to an
official Zimbabwean bank and exchange it
at the official Zimbabwean exchange rate
I would get these four notes they are
750 thousand dollars each that means my
100 US dollars turns into three million
Zimbabwean dollars now what you have to
bear in mind is this is not a lot of
money have a look at this this is a 300
mil bottle of coke which I bought
yesterday that cost 15 million
Zimbabwean dollars at the official
exchange rate that cost 500 US dollars
500 US dollars for a bottle of coke so
what ends up happening here is that
Zimbabweans use at the black market now
because of the supply of cash in the
country they can supply a lot more money
on the black market instead of 3 million
Zimbabwean dollars I get 3 billion this
great big wad of cash is 3 billion
Zimbabwean dollars it turns my bottle of
coke into a 50 cent bottle of coke which
is far more palatable I'm sure you look
I mean these each one of these notes is
ten million dollars they are printing
off money all the time now obviously
logic tells you you print more money
more notes into the market that means
the money is worthless this three
billion dollars might be worth maybe
only 1 billion two billion in a few
weeks time well if you are currently in
Zimbabwe we do want to hear from you how
has this policy affected you but connect
with us use the hashtag aging news grid
