this has been arguably one of Jeana ha
spells
toughest battles weeks persuading US
senators she is the right person to run
the CIA and they finally cream the eyes
are 54 the nays are 45 and the
nomination is confirmed
one reason it's been tough is because
this is a very public battle Jeana
hospital is a three-decade CIA veteran
most of her work has been undercover
away from public view at one time Haspel
was in charge of a so-called black site
in Thailand
that's where prisoners like Abby Donna
she Lee was subjected to waterboarding
and other forms of interrogation after
the 9/11 attacks in New York that
history has troubled some senators at
her hearing do you believe in hindsight
that those techniques were immoral
senator what I believe sitting here
today is that I support the higher moral
standard we have decided to hold
ourselves answer the question sooner I
think I've answered the question you've
not as Paul has told the hearing that
she doesn't believe torture works
although she has not said that what
she's supervised waterboarding was
torture she's also told senators her
boss was to blame after hospital
controversially ordered the destruction
of over 90 tapes of people being
tortured and that provoked angry
protests at the hearings some senators
including John McCain a former Navy
pilot who was tortured during the
Vietnam War
say they're unconvinced that hospitals
CIA would not use extreme interrogation
techniques but Haspel has the support of
US president Donald Trump and now the
CIA's first woman boss has the official
support of the US Senate Rob Matheson
al-jazeera
