Turkey deployed troops along the front
lines around the rebel controlled
province of it Lib it's part of an
agreement with Russia and Iran to reduce
violence under the Astana process the
talks that aim to find a diplomatic
solution to the war and it's welcomed by
some Syrians people are returning to
their homes and working on their land
there hasn't been any shelling since the
Turkish forces arrived the Turkish
military wants to prevent a repeat of
eastern huhta when almost 2,000 people
were killed during a seven week long
ground offensive by the Syrian
government turkey says any attack on
Italy would create a humanitarian crisis
and a mass refugee flow its deepening
engagement is approved by Moscow which
has been pushing Ankara to deal with Al
qaeda-linked rebels their presence
provides a reason for the pro Syrian
government alliance to bomb the area
that's why Turkey has been encouraging
hai Italia Shem an armed group formerly
known as el Nostra front to dissolve
itself or reintegrate into the rebel
National Army it might be the case that
we see HTS is over itself you know in
name and they declare that they've
dissolved themselves I mean at the end
of the day they've disengaged from
al-qaeda so far hey attack leadership
has refused there are internal
differences and uncompromising hard core
al Qaeda loyalists who recently created
a new faction dan zeem horas Adeem more
than two million people live in it Lib
half of them have been internally
displaced from other areas the UN
Special Envoy to Syria Staffan de
Mistura is warning that an assault by
the pro Syrian government Alliance would
be destructive but at the same time he
said he was encouraged by recent talks
between Russian Iranian and Turkish
representatives on how to avoid the
worst case scenario Turkey has been
trying to unite various opposition
groups under the one banner the National
Army since December the 20,000 strong
force has already been used in Turkish
led offensives against the Syrian
Kurdish armed group the YPG and ISIL it
may now be used to take on Al
qaeda-linked fighters in it live spot on
Iran from the beginning of the
Revolution our goal was to topple the
Assad regime
and replace it with a regime of the
people's choice and also fight al-qaeda
and YPG and any force that's against our
evolution for now Turkey and his proxy
forces are trying to determine it Lips
fate through dialogue and disarmament to
prevent a government assault and the
province could then become a turkey
guaranteed safe area like other zones in
northern Syria sanika dange al Jazeera
Beirut
