European unity he was very deliberately
emphasized when the French German and
British leaders ditched their limousines
and wore to the summit venue striding
shoulder-to-shoulder
Europe's disagreements with Donald Trump
are mounting the Iran deal steel and
aluminium tariffs the Paris climate
Accord and having 24 hours earlier
sharply criticized what he called the
capricious assertiveness of u.s. foreign
policy Donald Tusk lamented the current
low ebb of transatlantic relations I
think that the real geopolitical problem
is when you have not an unpredictable
opponent or enemy partner the problem is
if your closest friend is unpredictable
it's not a joke now and it's because I
think it's a it's this is the essence of
our problem today with our friends on
the other side of Atlantic but what can
they actually do about it
the EU leaders speak of their unity and
their willingness to uphold the Iran
deal but as time passes doubts start to
linger as to whether they can come up
with a specific work around to protect
European companies from those US
sanctions the leaders here announced
that the EU will this week activate
what's called blocking regulations aimed
at protecting European companies from
being fined by the US for dealing with
Iran and the European Investment Bank
will try to provide assistance but
there's an explicit admission here that
options are limited with the Iran deal
we can look into granting some
facilities to small and medium sized
companies this is currently being
examined but I think we shouldn't
encourage anyone to have illusions about
us completely reimbursing the whole
economy for specific measures of the
United States the president of France
summed it up with a bleak assessment
Emmanuel macron saying Europe hasn't
been tested like this since World War
two Paul Brennan al Jazeera Sofia
