Hamas internal security officers carry
out a raid in Gaza City three teams one
to secure the area one to provide cover
and the third to go after the target a
heavily armed criminal it's all
happening in a police compound this is a
training exercise on a day colleagues
elsewhere were involved in the real
thing rounding up a suspected gang of
illegal drugs traffickers but Hamas
forces are facing criticism for going
after other targets accused merely of
disagreeing with the government I mean
our bet is a member of Fatah Hamas is
rival political faction he says during
days of questioning he was forced to
stand in stress positions all because of
Facebook posts they asked me who gave me
the order to write those comments
was it an Israeli officer or a
Palestinian officer from Ramallah that
made me stand for three hours under the
Sun in a miserable heart situation and
they carried on for a month such
accounts tally with a new report by
Human Rights Watch based on a two-year
investigation of security force
practices in Gaza and the occupied West
Bank in its report Human Rights Watch
points out that Israel routinely
violates Palestinians most basic rights
but it argues that's no reason to ignore
what it calls systematic repression
carried out by two parallel police
states one case cited in the report was
in June when the Palestinian Authority's
security forces cracked down on a
protest in Ramallah against the
authority's economic sanctions on Gaza
if you dissent today neither the West
Bank or the Gaza Strip you face the
likely prospect of detention and when
detained routine threats taunting
coercion and even in many cases
torture these are not isolated cases
this in fact is reflective of a
machinery of repression Tarek Abu zaid's
says he was caught up in that machinery
as a reporter in the West Bank for Hamas
linked al-aqsa television he's been
detained four times twice he says he was
tortured I have a strong feeling that I
can be detained anytime without any need
to press charges they can open my
facebook and
any poster charge because the cybercrime
law is very vague the pas interior
ministry didn't make anyone available
for interview in its response to Human
Rights Watch it denied any arbitrary
arrests over political speech adding
anyone with an allegation of
mistreatment could lodge a complaint the
hamas interior ministry had a similar
response fee and philosophize well knows
about that in 2016 2017 we had 314
complaints about mistreatment after we
investigated it became clear that in 90
of these cases the officers acted badly
and we punished them Human Rights Watch
says its report shows that such cases
aren't aberrations but part of a system
which defines insulting higher
authorities or causing sectarian strife
as punishable crimes
Harry Fawcett al Jazeera Gaza
