a timely exhibition showcasing Chinese
innovation achievements that reflect
President Xi Jinping's made in China
strategy that plan involves huge state
investment in technologies of the future
Xinhua Yoona group is 51% owned by the
University of the same name which in
turn is owned by the government the firm
has designed and manufactured a
microchip due to be sold later this year
currently China has to import chip
technology at a cost of 260 billion
dollars a year the microchip is the core
technology of China
if we cannot own this technology than
the safety of our IT industry would be
threatened would be strangled the Trump
administration is weary of China's
technological advances saying it often
relies on technology stolen from US
firms the made in China strategy is at
the core of the current trade friction
between China and the United States but
the Chinese side says it won't be
changing course insisting it's all part
of a much wider plan to transition
China's economy away from old industries
like clothes and toys an early casualty
of that friction was the Chinese telecom
giant ZTE after being deemed a national
security threat it can no longer buy US
made microchips used in its phones
although president Trump has indicated
the ban may be lifted 80,000 Chinese
jobs are at risk President Xi has said
the ZTE affair shows Chinese companies
are vulnerable when dependent on foreign
technology that has to change he
recently told an audience of
appreciative workers I say that a quote
technologies and key technologies must
be kept in our own hands they must
become stronger through our own efforts
only when we can rely on ourselves to
gain such technologies can we really be
strong in other words the made in China
plan
is here to stay Adrian Brown al-jazeera
Beijing
