Donald Trump has been a critic of Iran's
involvement in conflicts in the Middle
East since he was a presidential
candidate
but if Europe's leaders are going to
save the 2015 nuclear deal the Trump
administration's demands for curbs on
Iran's ballistic missiles program could
be their biggest hurdle Iran says it's a
defensive necessity against the United
States and other powerful countries in
the region and despite suggestions by
European signatories Iran says
compromising its self-defense capability
is off the table even if it means
scrapping the nuclear agreement not all
security is a basic for any activities
in a country if we cannot guarantee
national security we can never have
economic development and public welfare
world leaders worry these Rockets could
someday carry a nuclear warhead
but Iran's leaders say they've been
clear on that issue but that no one is
willing to listen does Iran want to
develop a nuclear bomb Aslam never never
because first we have the Supreme
Leader's decision second we have
committed to the world that despite
having enough nuclear knowledge to use
nuclear power in many ways we will only
use it for peaceful purposes at a museum
in Tehran dedicated to peace reminders
of the conflict that shaped Iran's
present-day defensive strategies shortly
after the 1979 revolution now one of its
closest allies Iraq invaded Iran America
as well as many of Iran's Gulf Arab
neighbors supported Saddam Hussein in
the eight-year conflict at the time
post-revolution Iran was still in
turmoil unprepared and outgunned to take
on an enemy with a more modern military
the conflict ended in a stalemate at a
cost of hundreds of thousands of lives
on both sides
Iranian say they can still remember the
sound of air-raid sirens every time an
Iraqi jet or missile would be spotted in
the skies over an Iranian city for eight
long years people here say they lived in
constant fear at a museum dedicated to
war a look at Iran's arsenal necessary
Iran's leaders say to prevent conflict
from happening again Iranian leaders
have repeatedly said they prefer to use
dialogue to resolve problems but
continue to be caught in the paradox of
war acquiring weapons to fight so they
don't need to and even though it may be
the excuse Europe's leaders use to
distance themselves from Iran Iranians
say they never again want to be in the
position of coming under attack without
being able to respond
Zayn Basra V al Jazeera Tehran
