for two hours on Wednesday the old US
Embassy in Tehran was transformed into a
symbol of Palestinian resistance
hundreds of Iranians gathered in a
demonstration against both the United
States for moving their embassy to
Jerusalem and Israel for killing unarmed
Palestinians including children America
has just increased the anger that is in
the heart of Muslims and Palestinian
people must be sure that this anger and
hate will burn down America and Israel
very soon and what Trump is doing now is
just speeding up the annihilation of
Israel Iranians see in the Palestinian
cause a reflection of their own
political hopes and ambitions and the
same anger that inspired the Iranian
Revolution in 1979 that led to the
ousting of the american-backed Shah and
the transformation of Iran from a
monarchy to a republic people here now
want to help the Palestinians break free
from a life of occupation under Israel
we've always shown that we backed
Palestine and we continue to support
Palestine we will never leave them alone
Palestine is just for Palestinians here
there is no debate no two sides to the
story
as far as these Iranian protesters are
concerned Israel is an occupying force
that brutally murders Palestinian people
the mood of the crowd was defiant and
fiery this is not just to support
Palestinians our purpose is to resist
the oppression that's adopted against
Muslims anywhere in the world what Iran
and Iranian can do for our oppressed
brothers and sisters in Palestine is
show we are always thinking about them
and they always have our support so they
don't feel they are alone but they
should know that with the help of their
brothers in Iran one day their blood
will yield results the result will bring
them freedom
Israeli and American flags are trampled
on and burned but with the protest over
banners posters and more flags are
packed away carefully the practicality
of the organizers and indication of more
protests to come Zain bus ravi al
jazeera Tehran
