the city of san cristobol is the bastion
of the Opposition in Venezuela and they
duly came out against the upcoming
elections widely seen as unfairly tilted
in favor of the ruling party but this
was all that turned up it's a far cry
from the mass marches of recent years
protests here a nationwide appear to
have run out of steam many people have
left and the other ones are just trying
to survive and probably they just I
think people doesn't don't believe
anymore in the protests they just want
to something to happen miraculously it's
true that years of marches have yielded
few results and the government's reacted
with increased brutality scaring many of
the streets but things are worse than
ever
this morning queue for petrol in san
cristobol stretched around six blocks
there were regular power outages
hyperinflation means that in the local
market a kilo of meat now costs a
month's minimum salary so does a bag of
soap medicine is also incredibly scarce
and staff at a san cristobol hospital
told us that now they're also running
out of doctors because of the bad
salaries many have gone just a few days
ago the last pediatric oncologist left
so we have children with cancer who have
no oncologist it's part of a general
exodus especially over the last couple
of years it's not just doctors that are
leaving the country more than a million
Venezuelans have decided to look for
their future in Colombia just across the
border from where we are now thousands
crossed the border bridge near to San
Cristobal every day as the elections
approach protests might be down but it's
a sign that many people are voting with
their feet John Holman al Jazeera sang
cristóvão
