thundering explosions and a huge ash
cloud from the crater atop Kilauea
volcano have led officials to issue a
CodeRed warning for aircraft the
advisory warns pilots that their planes
could be brought down by minut ash
particles clogging their engines this
morning ash emissions from Hawley maomao
became even more intense dark ash coming
out many of you have probably seen the
photos or seen it from the highway the
ash cloud has been rising to several
thousand feet above the summit area and
drifting to the southwest the ash cloud
rose 3600 meters above sea level and the
light coating of ash fell on communities
and areas about 30 kilometers downwind
however both airports on Hawaii's Big
Island were still open and operating
normally
meanwhile more lava vents have formed on
the flanks of Kilauea with molten rock
shooting into the air
officials say high levels of toxic
sulfur dioxide gas from the vents pose
an immediate danger to anyone nearby
they recommended people living on farms
and in small rural communities nearby
should leave
Kilauea could be on the verge of an
explosive eruption scientists say the
Hawaii volcano observatory warned that
at any moment the volcano could begin
blasting large chunks of rock and even
thicker and higher clouds of ash about
1800 people have been forced to evacuate
their homes and the lava has destroyed
dozens of houses but so far Kilauea has
not claimed any lives Rob Reynolds
al-jazeera
