the judge described banker mathematic on
Atilla as someone who was following
orders a reluctant cog in a scheme at
the state-run Hulk bank to help Iran
evade US sanctions the sentence he
handed down was considerably less than
what US prosecutors had asked for and
was welcomed by atilla's attorneys the
judge looked at the offense that that
didn't look tat mr. tillers role in the
defense came to the conclusion that he
was a minor participants no bankers that
we've been prosecuted for us sanctions
violations the government's star witness
gold trader Reza's Arab testified that
the scheme was carried out with the
blessing of atilla's boss and other
high-ranking Turkish officials including
the former economy minister and then
Prime Minister now president recipe.i
Oberto on-air Dewan accused prosecutors
of trying to overthrow his government
because they relied on evidence from a
2013 corruption investigation which was
thrown out in Turkey and labeled a
politically motivated coup attempt
prosecutors denied the charges but since
the case was first brought by the Obama
administration the u.s. is alignment
with Kurdish forces in Syria considered
terrorist by Turkey and the movement of
the US Embassy to Jerusalem have further
strained relations between the two
countries making the Turkish public more
inclined to support their president
according to experts now all those the
ruling party the Justice and Development
Party and Turkish military as well as
the Turkish opposition they're all on
the same page when it comes to the
United States so there's the the
anti-american sentiment in Turkey is
very strong and all parties that are
united against the United States this
case is essentially closed for Hakan
attila who could go free in less than a
year and a half but turkey's state-owned
Hulk bank still faces hefty fives from a
US government that is intent on upping
the pressure on Iran in any country that
does business with it
Kristen Shalini al-jazeera New York
