hi I'm family okay and you're in the
stream today Islands we'll go to the
polls on May the 25th to vote in a
referendum on one of the most
historically volatile issues for its
electorate abortion an emotional
campaign by both sides of the debate has
grabbed attention inside and outside the
country and I'm Malika be Lila
we're live on YouTube looking for your
comments and questions on this very
divisive issue so be sure to chat us
there and I'll be looking for your live
tweets is our discussion begins at
hashtag AJ stream before we start though
here are some voices from our community
sharing their thoughts on Friday's 25th
of May we are having a referendum on
whether or not to remove the only
protection unborn children have in our
Constitution I will be voting no to
safety at amendment and the reason is
when I was 14 weeks pregnant I suffered
a miscarriage and after my miscarriage I
had with my child in my hand
she was the size of my hand and she had
her hand under her chin and was smiling
at the point of her death she was fully
human fully perfect and we must vote to
save the only protection they have in
our Constitution we don't like talking
about abortion in Ireland and so we did
that classic thing of exerting total
control over something we don't like
talking about it which is now failed and
it's all we talk about abortion is so
central to the Irish psyche it's so
potent an issue all we have done is
shame women and pain and make every
woman feel like her life doesn't matter
our lives matter my life matters on May
25th Irish citizens will vote on what's
known as the 8th amendment our
colleagues at aj+ have more
I thought I can see the heartbeat but it
has no brain and I thought they have to
do something in this case this is severe
you can't live without your brain and I
thought that this would be a special
case I was surprised it wasn't
when it's you you feel like a criminal
you feel like you're doing something
wrong
in the Irish Constitution the Eighth
Amendment effectively gives equal rights
to the mother and unborn child the text
of which you can see here stream
community member Sam Elliot who was
training to practice law in Dublin
explains the Eighth Amendment entered
into law in 1983 in accordance with the
Eighth Amendment the right to life of
the mother an unborn child are afforded
equal protection under Irish law as a
result abortion is only legal in Ireland
in instances where there's a risk the
life of the mother in instances where
there is a fatal fetal abnormality where
a woman has been raped where there's
been incest where there is risk to the
help but not to the life of the mother
abortion is not legal now this isn't the
first time Ireland has voted on this
issue in the past 35 years as you can
see here there have been several notable
cases that have prompted either
referendums or legislative change but
the last boat was in 1992 which means
this is the first time campaigners have
had access to social media in Ireland
radio and TV spots are not permitted so
on both sides activists have taken to
social media to sway the minds of voters
on the no side campaigners are tweeting
about why they're voting against a
repeal Chloe tweets this referendum is
not about women's rights it's about
protecting the life of the unborn it's
not your body it's a different body with
its own organs and unique DNA that
child's life should not be taken from it
because it's an inconvenience to you on
the other side campaigners are also
sharing their experiences while out on
the streets
oona tweets I don't know about you but I
am going to canvas leaflet talk and ask
for votes every single minute I have
until the 25th we have to leave this
country to care for women it's in our
hands but the role of social media in
the campaign hasn't been without
controversy in March transparent
referendum initiative began to build a
database to track how social media ads
for targeting Irish voters and in April
transparency and data expert Gavin
Sheridan tweeted a thread about how
Facebook ads and pages were registered
outside
Ireland soon after Facebook changed its
settings allowing users to see the
location of where campaign pages were
being managed the result was a look at
the scope of just how widespread
international influence has been in a
response to public outcry Facebook
announced it would not accept ads
related to the campaign from outside of
Ireland while Google banned all
referendum related ads well the Irish
electorate is divided over the issue and
approximately one in five voters is
still undecided so what impact will
these moves by Facebook and Google have
on voters well that's where we'll start
today's conversation Emmy
Thank You Malika so we're joined by
Gavin Sheridan whose tweets you just saw
he's a transparency campaigner and CEO
of is legal that's an organization that
helps legal professional search and
track illegal data dr. Andrew O'Regan
is spokesperson for the Medical Alliance
for the 8th and dr. Louise Kenny is pro
vice-chancellor at the University of
Liverpool and also professor at
University College Cork good to see you
everybody welcome to the stream Gavin it
is hard to think of a contemporary
election a referendum without the impact
of social media as a tool in order to
persuade people can you give us a sense
of the tone in which social media is
being used right now I guess you could
say that a there's it's a very emotive
issue first of all so I think you could
say that a there's a there's a
widespread use of online media and ads
in particular and try and target
undecided voters in particular but also
all sides of the Irish electorate and I
guess you could say as well that and the
cause it's such an emotive issue that
both sides tend to talk about the issues
in specific ways and I think usually the
narrative on the left is is focused on
you know how do you how do you protect
the life of an unborn child and I'm the
on the yes side it's kind of focused on
protecting the rights of mothers so if
people using social as a tool in order
to help with their campaign
tell us about the regulations that
social media has right now in Ireland so
right now there is no regulation really
when it comes to digital ads in
particular and there's no restrictions
on spending about how much each campaign
can spend it's a relatively unregulated
area which I think has serious
consequences for perhaps the outs
outcome up the of the referendum but it
does have serious consequences for
whether they weathered referendum
overall can be considered free and fair
so Gavin I want to share the experience
of one person who wrote into the stream
in e-d-u B writes personally I was
targeted with Facebook ads from us-based
Christian fundamentalist and
anti-abortion groups a whole year ago
still no explanation why this happened
to me long before anyone else as first
impose on to say I then had my Twitter
and Facebook accounts hacked constant
tampering after that and every time I
posted regarding the referendum on
Facebook I found afterwards that I was
either unable to share posts or unable
to share comments somebody paid for that
Gavin I wonder if stories like this one
do they surprise you hey they don't
surprise me particularly I think part of
the problem here is that because we're
operating in an unregulated environment
it's kind of the only people who can
really know or see what's happening
right now is Facebook themselves or or
Google I hope until they found all ads
and they have that they have the most
visibility on what's happening when you
mentioned to transparency referendum
ishutin
that's kind of a crowd-sourced effort
just to get a picture of what's
happening on social media when it comes
to the referendum and I think this is
this is kind of we're all kind of to
some extent operating in the dark when
it comes to what people are seeing so
you're you're you have problems around
ads that you might necessarily be able
to see and you know I that everybody can
see at the same time you have issues
around how not being able to find out
who might be paying for a particular ad
that's being displayed and you have
problems around how much might be being
spent by either side when it comes to
online ads and renewing Gavin wrote an
op-ed for the Guardian Island can agree
on this the abortion decision is not up
to Mark Zuckerberg
Gavin Sheridan Andrew Louise you come
from very different sides of this debate
but just gets Gavin here making a good
point here about Facebook and Facebook's
potential power to sway people's
decisions I mean social media has a role
to play in educating people regarding
the issues but when it's subject to
external interference I think we really
need to have a long hard look at the
issues around that and there was very
good evidence that money was flooding
into the country to buy social media
time that was actually potentially going
to influence the result of the election
and the referendum and that's actually
fundamentally wrong Andy I think there's
a big elephant in the room here that
hasn't been mentioned
I'm sure Gavin knows about it and that's
the the print the printed press in
Ireland or mass media were
overwhelmingly in favor of abortion and
overwhelmingly behind the government's
proposals and I think that google ads
and different social media outlets were
being used by both sides but they were
the only real hope that the no campaign
has because you had most of the
hierarchy and Ireland coming out all our
political priorities all our mainstream
media outlets and some would say in fact
many would say even our own national
broadcaster is overwhelmingly on the yes
side I don't I don't know if Gavin is
anything to stand that Louise is nodding
her head she would do that we we
disagreed a lot of things in this I just
made Gavin's take on that I I think I
think they I think the thing to focus on
here is just to some extent all the
other parts of the media environment are
regulated to some degree or other yeah
and I think when you're saying well what
about what about some newspapers or they
operate under the Broadcasting Authority
Louis the upper end or under other laws
around what kind of Cathy said when it
comes to to referendum around ads are
not allowed on broadcast and you can say
that particular parts of the media might
be a you know further on the S side and
you might like but also those are those
environments those media environments
are regulated the problem that we see
with one with the online ad space and to
some extent you could argue that the no
site has disproportionately been
affected by a decision made by Google
and the problem here is why is this up
to Google to make these decisions it's I
don't think that Google has a role in
our referendum I don't take Mark
Zuckerberg has a role in a referendum
Eider I think we've been left in a
situation where our legislature has not
passed laws that regulates how ads are
displayed when it comes to Google on
Facebook which I would argue would
disproportionately be much much much
bigger issue than a newspaper article or
a piece of television or radio it's not
correct to say that the political
parties have taken a stance on this it
is true to say that individual TDS or
MPs have come out in favor or not of
repeal but there is no official stance
there is a free this is a free vote
so it's true that the t-shirt and the
tennis star and the Minister of Health
have come out in favor of repeal but
that's not a party position every TD has
a free vote on this like every other
citizen and there is a feeder Gail
Lieber playing active parts in this
campaign and Johanna Martin has been on
stage which then many of your colleagues
who were promoting a yes vote the leader
of the fina fall party the shin fan
party actually have expelled her
suspended the youngest female in the
door that I'm aware of I Karen Alden
revolting against undestood you're
actually entirely incorrect and what you
just says they suspended somebody
because she had the audacity our choice
as a woman is really really important to
point out and adjusting a little note if
everyone who's not in Ireland that's the
you'll be mentioning members of the
current coalition because we're doing
this as an international discussion so
the government parties are competing and
our two main opposition parties are both
campaigning for a yes vote as well one
of them quite a sizable party call - in
vain a lot of you would have heard of
internationals
suspended suspended the youngest female
TD in the doll
which is
Parliament because she exerted her
choice right no understand though this
is a vote of conscience not a party
affiliated vote I'm just gonna say
officially and then move on to Malika I
want to bring up this point that we just
got live on YouTube from Elizabeth she
says the danger with these ads in
Ireland and the ones in the US election
is that sensational catch phrases are
replacing critical thinking and debate
so keeping that perspective in mind I
want to move to this tweet from Fionan
because earlier Gavin you said that the
no side has been disproportionately
affected by social media companies
deciding to stay out of this he on
Twitter size generally disturbed to see
many outside predominantly u.s. groups
pumping money in to influence another
nations democratic process like this
giving the no side a disproportionately
sized megaphone in comparison to the yes
sides homegrown micro donations and tur
I'm wondering what you think of that
take that this might hurt the no side of
Finnegan and the Labour Party are
predominately are completely yes so if
you've seen that if you've seen the
party political posters outside all our
houses and on our hospitals not our
clinics they're funded by the parties
and they're they're all yes so getting
back to watching your different
perspectives I'm going to just pause you
on their that for a moment that was we
could spend the rest of the show
discussing this I know other things I
want to get to I'm gonna go to the top
of your website Medical Alliance for the
8th Andrew I'm gonna play this cuz I
want to find out what are the key issues
but you're really fighting over right
now between now May the 25th have a
listen as a GP I was shocked that our
government paused to have GPS leaves and
abortion service
and for the first time in history
doctors will be asked to intentionally
end life
we became doctors to heal to care
bringing an abortion changes everything
let us as a country support women who
find themselves in difficult situations
when pregnant as medical professionals
we ask you to join us in voting North so
this is such a note of it and so many
lobbying videos and there's the music
there and the close-ups there Andrew I'm
thinking about women and and their
health in Island is that at the key of
this discussion this debate right now I
mean this is fundamentally a human
rights issue it's a state we're talking
about removing the only remaining rice
that the unborn baby has in Ireland
that's the right to life and
unfortunately health care has been sort
of swung into the issue and my point is
a GP is it when I I was in work today
until about two hours ago and I have
already seen today women that are
carrying babies women they're pregnant
and my job is to look after them both we
have a two patient model and it's not
that you're favored or that Pro pro-life
people favor the baby over the overall
and that's never the case and we we
treat both of them with respect and
compassion and this is the crucial point
I want to make that if there's if it
ever comes down to it doctors in Ireland
will always act to save the life of the
woman first the pregnant woman takes
priority and our Irish Medical Council
and all that Louise is going to disagree
but if you look at our Irish medical
council guidelines they stayed quite
clearly doctors must act to save the
life of the mother and the risk the risk
to life does not need to be imminent so
that's something that's really important
and I don't think that this is
healthcare
I don't think whether it's chemical or
whether it's surgical that directly
targeting and ending the life of a baby
is health care how can you call it
health care when the result of what
you're doing
ends up in a tiny dead body I mean
that's not health care and it's like
Louise when the closing of being at the
motor let's see what Louise has to say
go ahead Louise so I think
one thing Andrea and I do agree on is it
is a human rights I see it's not about
removing the rights of the fetus it's
about adding some balance at the moment
the unborn embryo or fetus has equal
rights in the eyes of the Constitution
to the mother and that is wrong it is
fundamentally wrong to equate the
promise of life over seven eight nine 12
week fetus with that of a grown adult
woman and as a doctor who specializes in
the management of high-risk pregnancies
I can tell you for certain that the
Eighth Amendment causes significant harm
to women on a daily basis in islands we
are allowed as Andrew rightly said to
intervene to save the life of a woman
but we're not allowed to intervene in
the case of for example a 14 week year a
fourteen-year-old girl who's victor
victim of rape and incest and pregnant
we're not allowed to intervene in the
case of a woman who's carrying a baby
with a fatal fetal abnormality that has
no hope of survival outside of the womb
and I as a high risk specialist cannot
intervene to preserve the health of a
woman so if I'm faced with a woman who
has renal failure going into pregnancy
she may well end up on dialysis and I
have to continue that pregnancy to term
it is fundamentally wrong and it is
about human rights I want to bring it
one perspective before you jump in there
and I want to bring in a couple more
perspectives from our community this is
oral on Twitter she says we in the yes
campaign recognized that there are some
aspects of abortion which people find
difficult to come to terms with but also
recognize a woman's right to bodily
autonomy which we feel should take
precedence over the rights of a fetus
there's also another person who weighed
in on this this is Tara Flint she's a
comedian and Dublin and she says
abortions happen anyway have a listen
Ireland has a long history of sending
away inconvenient women and it's time
for that to end the Eighth Amendment has
never prevented abortion it simply made
it unsafe and driven it underground and
let's not forget that it affects every
pregnancy in Ireland even continued
pregnancies it removes our consent and
denies us our autonomy that's why in
this referendum we're not being asked
whether were for or against abortion
because that's already here we're being
asked not about our own beliefs but
whether we want to not impose our
beliefs on
anyone else we're not asking anyone to
change their minds we're asking to be
free to make up our own so and Russia
says abortions happen anyway won't we
repealing this amendment mean that at
least maybe will happen safely um so I
would say there's no such thing as a
safe abortion and we're all aware and
I'm sure Louise is aware of cases where
abortion happens legally in Britain and
there are serious complications and
women have died as a result of legal
abortions and the second thing is there
is no such thing as safe abortion
because of always results in question
the other thing that's really really
important to understand is that there is
no country in the developed world
so-called liberal abortion laws there is
a lower abortion rate than Ireland so
what the Eighth Amendment does is that
it means we have an extremely low
abortion rate and yes we do have women
who traveled to Britain to have
abortions and I I believe that we have
failed them and that we owe them a
little bit more respect and we need to
listen to them and we know and and we do
want to hear what Louise want to say not
more version of what she wants to say
Louise go ahead so I I do talk about the
hard cases and when we talk about hard
cases we're talking about
fourteen-year-old victims of rape and
incest any woman or girl who's been
raped and is pregnant as a result of
that we're talking about couples who
experience a pregnancy with a fatal
fetal abnormality and women who are
critically ill and get pregnant and as
it currently stands under the Irish
Constitution those women have to
continue their pregnancies or they
travel now we have an amendment that
says it's fine to travel so it's not as
if the Irish people are saying that
uncomfortable with abortion all we're
saying is not or not not on our shores
we export the women who need abortion -
and the UK women went 3,000 to 265 women
went to the UK gave an Irish address and
had an abortion last year
and that is supported by another
amendment so I'm not sure what else you
need me to say Louise Andrews sure
Louise an androgen I just uh give me a
moment because I did play Andrew talking
about what the case he was making as a
doctor this is a debate that is
happening not just amongst citizens of
Island but doctor to doctor on different
sides let me pay you the alternative
part a perspective of that debate from
another doctor this is dr. mark Murphy
my name is Mark Murphy and I'm a general
practitioner I will be voting yes to
remove the Eighth Amendment voting yes
will enable evidence-based and
compassionate care for women who have a
crisis pregnancy voting yes will enable
women who are victims of rape or incest
and become pregnant to be cared for in
Ireland voting yes will enable couples
who receive a diagnosis of a fatal fetal
abnormality to be cared for
compassionately in Ireland every year
what I wanted to I wanted to end with
this tweet from madam madam Dublin who
says we're collectively angry about how
our country has used state institutions
to silence us we've asked nicely pleaded
cajoled this was the year we gave up
being nice about it the year the mouse
roared the momentum has been building
since Savita died in 2012 and that is a
case that we have covered here on the
stream Louise when you talk about this
momentum where do you see it going if
the referendum fails Wow well we can't
really think about that 8 days left to
go and I'm really hopeful but it will be
a yes if it fails we will get out of bed
on the 26th of May we will get dressed
and we will start campaigning all over
again we've waited since 1983 Louise
and as you'd say one sentence what will
you do because I have to ask Andrew
exactly the same thing we're almost out
of time one sentence we'll get out of
bed and we'll campaign and we will
campaign until the 8th is repealed got
it Andrew your one sentence is you've
just rejected democracy dear Louise and
I believe this is going to a new vote
will carry because I know many
pro-choice people that will be voting no
because this is an extreme abortion
proposal
Gavin I'm wrapping up the conversation
we have to but of course we will be
following to see what happens with the
Eighth Amendment referendum between now
and May the 25th for now to zero thank
you for joining us your see us online
always at hashtag eight a stream
