making sure Israel and the wider world
get the message Turkish authorities
allowed TV cameras to follow the newly
expelled Israeli ambassador through
Istanbul Airport including through a
security pat-down and a check of his
shoes the images of our ambassador being
subjected to an unnecessary security
check are spread all over Turkey this is
something that we cannot accept this is
something which is totally contrary to
diplomatic relations between countries
and the public humiliation of an
ambassador is something that Israel will
not accept under any circumstance in a
new twist on diplomatic tit-for-tat
Turkey's sole remaining representative
in Israel was asked for his papers in
front of the cameras on the way in to
the foreign ministry Israel had already
expelled Turkey's Consul General in
Jerusalem Turkey had withdrawn its
ambassador to Tel Aviv behind the route
over protocol the deadly serious subject
of this standoff the Israeli Army's
killing of more than 60 Palestinians on
Monday at the Gaza border fence the
Turkish president in London for talks
with the British prime minister accused
Israel of savagery and its premier
Benjamin Netanyahu of having blood on
his hands Israel is not allowing these
wounded to leave and because Israel
doesn't allow this those seriously
wounded a left for dead with all of this
of course have expelled israel's
ambassador on wednesday netanyahu was
celebrating a second jerusalem embassy
opening in a week guatemala following
the lead on monday of the united states
he'd already hit back at the turkish
president on twitter saying oda wan is
among hamas his biggest supporters and
there is no doubt that he well
understands terrorism and slaughter i
suggest that he not preach morality to
us more substantively relations were
downgraded altogether after Israeli
commandos stormed a Gaza bound Turkish
vessel in 2010 killing ten people under
a deal to restore ties in 2016 Israel
paid 20 million dollars in compensation
to Turkish victims the diplomatic
standoff has continued to escalate with
turkey expelling Israel's Consul General
from Istanbul Turkey's Prime Minister
has called on all Muslim countries to
review their ties with Israel
Turkey's own ties
though are substantial the two countries
bilateral trade topped four billion
dollars last year and Turkish owned
airlines operate 13 flights daily
between Istanbul and Tel Aviv which is
at least one continuing tie that for
both countries diplomats has come in
handy in recent days
Harry Fawcett al Jazeera West Jerusalem
