now the United Nations is appealing for
international help for victims of the
civil war in South Sudan the head of the
United Nations office for the
Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs
mark LOCOG has visited camps for
displaced people in kora fond the
five-year long war has killed tens of
thousands and forced three million from
their homes earlier we spoke to mark
LOCOG and he says aid groups need the
security backing of the government to do
a more efficient job in the region the
number of people displaced has been
growing I talked to people in camps both
in government controlled areas and I
just flown back this morning 15 minutes
away from a government controlled town
having talked to opposition supporters
and the situation continues to
deteriorate there are seven million
people in each humanitarian assistance
the situation gets worse because the
cessation of hostilities that all the
parties agreed to in December and
reconfirm their commitment to in
February is not being adhered to it's a
fiction we need better access for the
humanitarian agencies who are suffering
from all sorts of difficulties
kidnappings and killings and hostilities
and inappropriate levies and extortion
the government has some responsibilities
here to be putting in place a better
operating environment and providing
really genuine useable access for the
aid agencies there are thousands of
humanitarian workers here in this
country more than a hundred have been
killed since the fighting began but they
are staying and delivering and meeting
the needs of more than five million
people but they could do a much better
job if they weren't subject to these
killings and kidnappings and the
extortion and so on the government have
said to me they want unimpeded access
everywhere in the country and the
opposition want that too so they need to
live up to what they're saying
humanitarian agencies are impartial we
will go everywhere where there are
people in need but we need the
cooperation of the men with guns to get
to those people in need
