the talks were meant to build on the
landmark summit between the North and
South Korean leaders last month and
implement the measures in the pan man
John declaration they signed their
sudden suspension took South Korea by
surprise portugee
it is regrettable that North Korea has
decided to unilaterally postpone
ministerial level inter-korean talks it
is not in line with the spirit of the
Panmunjeom declaration North Korea cited
annual military exercises involving
South Korean and US war planes taking
place just now and another statement
attacked US national security advisor
John Bolton for jeopardizing next
month's planned summit between Donald
Trump and Kim jong-un in Singapore North
Korea's Vice foreign minister accused
him of demanding denuclearization before
giving anything in return
Bolton and other high-level officials
are endlessly saying give up nuclear
program first rewards after Kim kye-gwan
said in a statement if North Korea is
unilaterally forced to give up on
nuclear program we will no longer be
interested in that kind of dialogue the
North Koreans will likely also be
alarmed at Bolton's comparison with
Libya's model for denuclearization
fearing they could face a similar fate
to the regime of Libyan leader Moammar
Ghadafi the Singapore meeting could now
be under threat oh this could be part of
the pre summit brinksmanship my own
sense is that yes the North Koreans
still like a deal yes the North Koreans
would like to come to Singapore I do
think they want a media framing though
as I said that's a little bit more
people that makes it look like these are
two heads of state meeting rather than
one coming as the supplicant to the
other and if if throwing a temper
tantrum three weeks beforehand you know
with these statements today if that
actually gets a better deal for the
North Koreans because Donald Trump is
suddenly scared I might fall through and
he makes an offer of some kind that's
better North Korea seems to be putting
the u.s. on notice that it is expecting
incremental concessions in return for
its cooperation and quickly if the tour
so to go anywhere the Trump Kim summit
is still weeks away but the hard
bargaining has apparently already
started Rob McBride al-jazeera
sold
