yes at the age of 54 Mario is exactly
the kind of man the potential new
government says it wants to help he
can't pay his bills
despite a university education and a
training in physiotherapy the five star
movement would give this unemployed man
nearly a thousand dollars a month as a
basic in five star come from the people
they want to bring to like real problems
that people face the Coalition has an
unashamed program of helping struggling
Italians lowering the pension age
cutting taxes to help struggling small
businesses the trouble is it will cost
tens of billions of dollars in a country
with the second highest debt in the
European Union and arguing that that
isn't the fault of the Italian poor will
cut no ice with the European Commission
this would imply big crisis you know and
probably you know the posture of Italy
from from from the two party leaders
Luigi DeMaio of five star and Matteo
salvini of the league have no history of
liking each other but they both like
doing what the EU wants much much less
it's one thing for power brokers in
Brussels to be confronted by a
peripheral country like Hungary refusing
to obey the rules another thing entirely
when a founding member of the European
Union does it but if this coalition
comes to power Italy will be in open
revolt and the coalition says it is
doing it on behalf of those Italians
have been left behind but if the aim is
to support Italians then it could also
mean the end of the dreams of these
people to live in Europe salvias League
would have them all deported even people
like Abdullah who lived on the border of
Nazaire and Nigeria from where he fled
Boko Haram with his parents love would
law you know it would no it wouldn't of
course none of these people caused
Italy's gigantic debt but they've ended
up taking part of the blame nonetheless
it's an easy way not to talk about
corruption not to talk about economical
crisis not to talk about errors that
politics did the
in investing money a good way saying
it's migrant fog it isn't hard to find
people who say this coalition has made
wild promises
it can never deliver on equally it's
success shows just how deep a public
unhappiness is in Europe against
traditional politics soon these people
could find out if Italy's new
governments will keep its word Laurence
Li al-jazeera
