the relationship between humans and
animals has always been one with
elements of conflicts but as the number
of people on the planet continues to
grow it's becoming increasingly strained
and imbalanced with the world's human
population approaching an extraordinary
eight billion sprawling settlements and
activities are encroaching on animal
habitats more than ever scientists
estimate humans are driving species
extinction at around 1,000 times the
natural rate largely due to habitat loss
and climate change we urgently need to
find better ways to live together on our
shared planet I'm Juliette Pierce and
I'm here in Brisbane Australia to see
how a team of scientists and volunteers
are helping koalas to survive the urban
jungle and I'm Russell Bearden
Bangladesh where the locals are learning
to coexist with their tiger neighbors
Queensland was once home to over 1
million koalas but with a relentless
pace of human expansion their numbers
have dropped by almost 80 percent since
1990s while the human population is
still growing at a thousand people per
week and that number is only set to grow
pretty further pressures on surrounding
wildlife without immediate intervention
koalas would face extinction but a group
of local residents and experts are
trying to reverse this trend the lush
land that hugs Australia's East Coast is
one of the most desirable places for
human settlement but it's also prime
koala habitat as a result increasing
numbers of these marsupials are being
forced to live within the city john
hanger is a wildlife vet and founding
member of the koala research network he
brought me to this an area that i would
have thought you couldn't possibly have
koalas but it's so busy why why this
area this park really illustrates I
guess in a really good way how the
threats that urban koalas are facing
they get killed on the roads because
often they cross at night when they're
difficult to see and drivers just don't
see them so they'll often get killed on
this road and track this road is really
a hot spot for koala deaths in the area
certainly when they get on the rail
lines with a busy route line but you've
got trains running every couple
to expose to really significant injury
and death obviously and so there's
really a whole range of threats that
they're exposed to in this sort of
environment
local experts like John are committed to
protecting the koala before it's too
late
but with their population scattered
throughout the city the first step to
saving them is monitoring them John and
his team have been intensely studying a
population in the Moreton Bay region of
Brisbane today they're tracking by radio
signal a pre tagged koala named Sonny
so the guys are hitting up the tree now
we're gonna be quiet to catch a capture
koala so they can then check it out for
the health check later on
like that okay this food just like this
but on top of his head when I am quite
well Sonny's a really nice little lad so
he's pretty calm now Sonny will head off
to the vet where he will be screened for
diseases koalas are currently listed as
under threat if nothing is done they
could be extinct in less than 50 years
the seriousness of the situation isn't
lost on some local residents who are
trying to tackle habitat erosion
what are you guys doing here today I was
just making sure this little steak had a
marker in so we know into water we're
planting koala food trees here okay
being yes there are 200 species of Kauai
of view clips in Queensland but koalas
eat only 22 so we have to be very
specific about what we plant and why how
important is this work for the koala
survival incredibly important because
this area will never be cleared for any
sort of development so we're surrounded
even though you can't see it with
high-density urban development so if we
can increase the carrying capacity of
this site for koalas it will encourage
them to move into here which is much
safer for them then out there just one
koala can eat upwards of 500 leaves per
day moving from tree to tree so they
browse basically all day because
eucalypts a fairly nutrient poor energy
wise right alright so how many more
trees if we got to do Oh few thin
another three or four over thee planting
trees proved
it's one solution for protecting the
Koala but as urbanization continues
roads and railway lines will inevitably
expand putting these animals in harm's
way currently up to 300 koalas are
killed by vehicles here each year but
I'm meeting up with vet John again who
wants me to see an intervention which is
making a difference at a railway line
it's essentially a water drainage
culvert but there are a few additions
there's a post and rail to help the
wildlife get off the ground how do they
know to use these closets well I guess
initially they don't know Juliet they
they're familiar with the habitat as it
was and when we put these impacts in and
change the landscape they have to learn
to use it but the essential features
really are that we we put a koala proof
fence along the rail corridor and that
ensures that they don't go onto the rail
corridor and get killed and if they do
work their way along the fence
ultimately they'll end up finding one or
more of these culverts and so with a bit
of exploration though alum they'll often
go through to get an idea of how
effective they are John and the team
have put up motion-sensitive cameras and
this this shall range of of wildlife
using the culverts including the koalas
yeah so here's a koala going into a
group of culverts who explored a culvert
but didn't go through it and then we've
got a group of Kangaroos using it
opossum another koala at a different
Colburn and then coming out the other
side it's one of our koalas
helping koalas navigate the urban jungle
is essential to boosting their numbers
but the most significant factor in
ensuring their survival is disease
prevention I'm back at the clinic where
Sonny the captured koala is ready for
his checkup vet ami Robbins is about to
give Sonny a sedative this is just to
settle in so you can get his injection
yeah just wallow into false sense of
security
kicking something's about to happen but
you don't know it yet what a brave
little boy shaking teeth yeah and the
color of his gums and making sure he's
got good refill time which is a sense of
how good his blood pressure is look at
the bladder so this is obviously a big
important thing for chlamydia so you it
causes cystitis so that causes
inflammation of the bladder wall I guess
chlamydia has reached epidemic
proportions amongst koalas in Australia
with over half the population infected
if left untreated it can cause
infertility blindness and death
generally his bladders looking pretty
healthy there Sonny is in the clear
tell me about the significance of you
know when you're testing for chlamydia
and the modern a project disease has
been showing that if you can control
that one factor then you can actually
turn around to clone populations
mmm so by going in there and doing the
treatment and the vaccination against
chlamydia we've actually kind of turned
that population around and now you know
it's phenomenal we've never had such a
big significant project in girls before
so it's really valuable scientifically
so now we kind of roll in buy a bottle
and I'm just waking up yeah
before letting the Koala recuperate Amy
fits another tracker collar it's now
time for Sonny to be released at John's
study site they've had some amazing
results
the fact I guess that we can not only
make the individuals healthy but the
populations on a growth trajectory now
so it was on quite a steep downward
decline towards extinction and so now
we're getting around about 20 percent
growth per annum which is just an
astounding turnaround so they go to fine
as the global population continues to
grow cities are sprawling further more
land is needed to grow food more
infrastructure is being built through
fragile ecosystems
take roads rampant road building over
the last century has divided the earth
into 600,000 fragments over half of
these are less than one square kilometer
too small to support significant
wildlife populations with 25 million
kilometres of new road expected by 2050
the struggle for animals to survive in
the face of development will only get
harder resolving these kinds of
conservation conflicts is far from
simple the solutions that work best
around the world are the one where local
people have the ownership of the process
of finding the solution people need to
be able to value the species that they
are close to and by value I mean perhaps
culturally or spiritually they want to
have the species around it requires
inputs from all sorts of different areas
of expertise it's not a matter just for
biologists we need social sciences
economists people who will know how to
work with poor communities they all have
to work together to figure out how to
solve these conflicts
just a century ago they were thought to
be over a hundred thousand Tigers
prowling Asia's swamps and jungles but
now numbers have declined by a
staggering 98% I'm heading to the
Sunderbans mangrove forest in western
Bangladesh it's one of the last
remaining havens for the Bengal tiger
there's often conflict with local
villagers who also depend on the forest
for survival I've come to me a network
of volunteers and conservationists we're
coming together to try to stop the
violence and save the tiger in the
process all right
Bangladesh is population has doubled
from eighty to a hundred and sixty
million in just 40 years
forcing humans into what was once
exclusively the tigers terrain Wow it's
amazing I mean you can see this
there's some divine is just there over
the world turn that huge patches of
forest right up against these villages
here in Mangla just on the edge of the
national park they really do seem to be
people everywhere it's hard to imagine
that this area is home to Tigers too but
it is and that's where the conflict
comes in
conservationist maboob alum runs Tiger
team a network of volunteers dedicated
to changing attitudes and reducing human
Tiger violence how many targets do you
have here in US and events we have 106
with the historical data about two to
three Tigers killed by the local
villagers every year but if the total
populations estimated just around a
hundred to two three starts to sound
like a very big number but thirty to
fifty human killed every year and Wow
around fifty fifty education yeah year
and just a little number so this you
know 50 a year this is not a little
number I mean like one a week can you
talk to us about that interface like how
are they coming into contact with people
here and what's the result death in some
areas which don't have that much of a
geographical barrier in between forests
and villages in that part of Sundaram
yeah Tiger becomes out for the foods
into the building
human tiger interaction here is fraught
with violence and fear
I'm on my way to a village right on the
frontier of a conflict zone
so that edge that you can see there
that's actually the Suliban forest right
there and there's nothing between the
tiger habitat and the human habitat and
you can understand how scary it must be
because everywhere you look there's
livestock you know and they build these
fences but I mean they're just made of
little sticks and they light guys here
many have not just seen Tigers from afar
they've had direct encounters with them
local fisherman has a story to tell
can you talk to us a bit about your
experience here with the Tigers mother
you see see the little puncture marks we
had psyche what were you thinking when
you were on the ground did you think did
you think you were gonna die at that
point love it
a similar to what equate together so
keep on here's Accardo muscle wall tea
party there
so Burhan escaped with his life but
those who don't leave behind families to
fend for themselves
I've been told they're around a thousand
women known as Tiger widows in this
region I'm here to meet a lady called
Rita who lost her husband through a
tiger attack 20 years ago we know that
the Sunderbans forest is is maybe it's
just you know hundred yards away and did
you think of leaving a saucer look in
the psychic Uri econo ponds are either
be doctors Agadir Carazo chickasaw
vocals are adorable just gonna ask if
you're gonna buy grow adorable odds I
was a lefty time I ate a man high one
beard were a doctor like many people
here Rita praised upon Beebe before
entering the forest to collect wood or
honey she's agreed to take me to meet
her
so Bangladeshi service in Muslim country
but this Hindu region and Hinduism bin
is pantheistic religion many gods this
particular God is here to protect the
people against attacks from the tiger
but it seems to me that Bombay bee's
help might not be enough the fact is
that the Tigers habitat is shrinking
while the humans is expanding pitting
one against the other of disastrous
results
as the predator at the top of the food
chain
the Tigers role in the Sunderbans
ecosystem is pivotal if it becomes
extinct the whole system will collapse
to prevent unnecessary killings maboob
and his team of pioneered an education
program for local villages this aim is
to change attitudes towards Tigers I'm
here in a community centre enjoy Moni
where the tiger Scouts are having a
lesson and what to do when a tiger
enters the village can I see how many
people here have seen a tiger
oh and so why can you tell me why is it
important to come here and learn about
saving the Tigers
the owner premonitions attaining their
say we say that the system where our
mother dr. Xavier is cool a bit shy baby
no give us food open a parameter a
packet boo media a mother a durable
versatile Abigail back to mass atomic
all right guys come on in
so what this is the idea is that this is
a pledge to say the tiger I guess so
we're not exciting our name in blood but
in food coloring well done high five
pink high fives three high five or and
well done guys
you did good work
outside the center the community Tiger
response team have assembled how naughty
convinced a bunch of people there's a
good idea to start chasing a wild tiger
number one motivating factor for them to
saving the Tigers because if they can
save Tiger soon the world will be saved
and their livelihood will be unsure did
you write the pledge yeah no you can
have some of mine right
this may look a little unorthodox but
Tigers are naturally solitary hunters
only attacking isolated prey being
surrounded by a group of chaotic orange
colors making strange noises be enough
to scare them away and as long as
there's an escape route the tiger will
use it that's amazing and did you say
there was 40 Tigers that had been
managed he said yeah so is that
basically 40 targets that you've assured
back into the ink of the forest and so
if it wasn't if it wasn't for you guys
and doing what you're doing here and
changing the kind of attitudes do you
think it's fair to say that those 40
Tigers might be killed it might be
killed that dog might be killed by the
latter million years right all right so
it looks like getting ready to move out
and I think the guys are gonna go and do
a paper patrol probably more of a
training mission but doesn't hurt to
take a stick just in case
presents to tell you that that the
Dodgers are looking in with admiration
so if ten years ago a tiger came in here
and he met you lot would you have killed
him 10 years local a state again I'm
busted go to a village yo hot taco
the kill code for jock famous tested
mohnish Gita Mona Lisa and John Massey
didn't I take a buck gamma del bosque a
problem can you tell us about the first
time that you did you chased off a tiger
with the team localization SS ready the
money shot como se ballistas of
targeting wild image Haji be there to
visit the camera genre parvo mama P
receives a bucket very very very
appealing is it the same for all of you
feel the same just saying that because
the camera is here I'll give you a stick
back I feel very safe around you guys
thanks so much
alright okay listen I feel a lot safer
with these guys around even though we
know there's wild tigers right there but
they're all positive about what they're
doing and you know
if in the future communities or other
countries can follow their good example
maybe there's hope for the tiger yet
thank you thank you thanks again cheers
guys cheers Cheers cheers Cheers
even with a growing human population and
shrinking wilderness there are ways that
people and wildlife can coexist in India
mobile phone technology is being used to
warn workers of elephants passing
through tea plantations when they're
spotted an SMS alert is sent to everyone
in the area preventing surprise
encounters and in Kurdistan locals who
used to poach snow leopards now protect
them in return for a lucrative business
in Snow Leopard friendly products
further encroachment is inevitable but
if communities can learn to live
alongside their animal neighbors then it
is possible to minimize the impact
