angry protests as Palestinians
commemorate Nakba or the catastrophe
seventy years ago they were forced off
their land and Israel was created the
dream of a return but the peace process
has bathed them what are their options
now and who can they turn to for help
this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Hoshi mahabhava it's a day of outraged
protests and funerals in Gaza on Tuesday
thousands of Palestinians commemorated
in Nakba that Arabic for catastrophe on
this day in 1948 more than 700,000
Palestinians were forced from their
homes and land when Israel declared
itself a state shops were closed in the
West Bank on Tuesday after Palestinian
leaders called for a strike and
announced three days of mourning for the
61 Palestinians including an 8 month old
baby
killed by Israeli forces Monday's
violence drew international condemnation
turkey South African islands recall
their ambassadors to Israel we will get
to our guest shortly but first let's
look at where things stand 70 years
after Nakba today there are more than 5
million Palestinian refugees worldwide
the core demand is the right to return
to their homes but after seven decades
the issue remains unresolved
in 1978 11 years after the so called
six-day war between Israel and our
countries peace talks sponsored by the
u.s. at Camp David resulted in Egypt
agreeing to recognize Israel the Madrid
conference in 1991 was designed to
encourage other Arab countries to make
their own agreements with Israel and two
years later there came the Oslo Accords
a historic signing by the Palestinians
and Israelis Israeli troops who were to
withdraw from the West Bank and Gaza and
the Palestinians would get a
self-governing Authority fast-forward to
2002 when Arab Peace Initiative
presented by Saudi Arabia was endorsed
Israel was to withdraw to the lines of
1967 a Palestinian state would be set up
in the West Bank and Gaza with East
Jerusalem as its capital and the
solution found for the refugee issue in
return our countries would recognize
Israel but peace in the region is more
elusive than ever let's now get the
thoughts of our guest joining us in
ablis Abdel Fattah Kasim political
and columnist for the Middle East
monitor in London Daniel Levy president
of the u.s. middle-east project and a
former Israeli negotiator and in quoits
City
Sofia Coppola author and scholar as well
as professor of political science at the
Kuwait University a warm welcome to you
all
let me start by asking mr. Kasim this
the Palestinians have been commemorating
the Nakba event for the last 70 years
but what is significant about this
anniversary the 70th one in particular
well this has been different from the
years that have elapsed there are more
people participating the public are very
much interested in pointing out the
right of return which has been analysts
so much and the international
organizations and you have seen that the
intensity of the of the demonstrations
in Gaza are very high this year although
that demonstrators did not use any kind
of guns or any kind of violence and they
meant it to be peaceful so the
international community would witness
how the Israeli army would behave even
at the time of peaceful marches mhm so
it's different this year because it
coincides with the American open embassy
opening in Jerusalem
okay and this is viewed by the
Palestinians as an as an act of offense
that the American administration is
defending the Palestinians and denying
them the right to establish their own
state would jaw with East Jerusalem as
its capital okay so the two events
coincide with each other that's why the
Palestinians have been mobilizing their
their their forces yes
mr. levy so we're talking here about two
events that happen in at the same time
in the US relocating the embassy to
Jerusalem and the mass protest movement
in Gaza or at a time when
Palestinians are marking the 70th
anniversary of the Nakba where does this
leave the Middle East are we bracing for
more violence and instability in the
region
well of course those scenes of the
simultaneous killings of over 60
Palestinian protesters marchers while
the dedication ceremony for the US
Embassy was taking place that made for a
quite grotesque split-screen didn't it I
think that in the immediate term there
will be the funerals there what may well
be more marches there might then be a
lull
but clearly the direction of travel on
the israel-palestine issue continues to
be towards greater denial of Palestinian
rights greater therefore likelihood of
clashes of this situation escalating
because the moment we are in and this
was really exemplified by the statements
coming out of Washington by the
statements in Jerusalem the moment we
are in is one in which even more
restraint seems to have been removed
from the Israeli side we are quite used
to a situation where Israel can act with
impunity without accountability but the
last vestiges of restraint seems to have
been taken off and the question
therefore becomes will the Israelis
exercise self-restraint does the Israeli
security establishment understand that
this is bad for Israel's own security
and national interest we've not seen
that so far or will a new kind of
restraint and leverage begin to play out
and that could be the expansion of
Palestinian unarmed civil disobedience
unarmed protests which over time I think
will galvanize a regional and
international support we're not there
yet but for that to happen if I may say
first of all the Palestinians have to
end their own internal political
division which remains debilitating we
will talk in details about the internal
divisions about also
the the breakdown of the events that
have been going on for quite some time
yeah but I would like to ask you this
question extraordinary events now in the
Middle East however the International
reaction and the Arab reaction in
particular is muted how do you explain
it
the the international reaction is
beginning to somehow catch up there is a
a call for an independent investigation
by the British as well as by Germany
there is condemnations by Amnesty
International and similar agencies the
question in the Arab world is the one I
think is more serious the Arab
populations are very much in a state of
anger and the scenes of the embassy
opening in Jerusalem in a context of
settlements and in a context of what is
going on in Gaza and in the West Bank
created a lot of frustration and it is
creating and leaving a mark in the
entire Arab population regimes systems
it varies
some do have a voice Kuwait for instance
did make a move in the UN Security
Council yesterday trying to to move in a
certain direction other states are in a
state of denial that there is a deal
coming in the pipeline but this is not
reflective of populations of grassroots
realities it is only reflective of one
man one show in so many different
regimes in the region and that can be
that can change in a minute that we saw
in 211 it can change in any in any
direction at any time doesn't reflect my
simple rooted feelings among the
populations of the Arab world
okay mr. Qasim you've been condemning or
accusing Arab leaders Arab countries for
abandoning the Palestinian cause but
people at the same time are saying where
are the Palestinians that divided
completely disconnected the leaders
completely disconnected from reality
aren't they the ones who are supposed to
take leadership now we in Palestine
strongly believe that most of the Arab
regimes are friendly to Israel and they
have never been serious about solving
the Palestinian problem except for
Kuwait other Arab countries did not make
any move some of the Arab countries
condemned the situation diminution is
not going to do any good for the
Palestinians anyhow Turkey
did something today they have they are
kicking the palisade Israeli ambassador
in Ankara and that's a good step South
Africa that something but where are the
Palestinians we have a real problem with
our leadership this problem has been
with us for more than 40 years that our
leadership acts as an Arab dictator they
are dictator there we have dictatorship
we have monopoly of of money and
decision they do not allow a public
participation and they even do not give
space for other Palestinian factions to
participate and the Palestinian decision
so we have a real problem besides we
have the Palestinian division we have
Gaza on one side the the West Bank on
the other side we are not united we are
we we don't have a unified target to us
to achieve so we have a real problem
here so so many nations and so many
people say that once the Palestinians
unified them
then we will be able to help them but
under this seedy circumstances one would
say that he is not going to be a
Palestinian more than the more than the
Palestinians so we have a real problem
with us I see your point
mr. levy I would like to ask you this
the moment the Americans decide you've
been an ANA goshi Aitor
the moment the Americans decide to
relegate the embassy to Jerusalem as you
know he includes areas that are have
been annexed in 1967 not recognized by
the international community what the
message are the Americans sending here
and don't you think that this is
something which is going to undermine
their status as impartial brokers of
peace process in the Middle East over
the last five decades well of course
that is the status that America has
never actually achieved America has not
been not only impartial America has not
been an effective broker and the fact
that the Palestinian leadership
continued to place their faith in
American brokering I think was a
strategic misstep and mistake but what
the embassy move what that does is a few
things first of all it is a definitive
statement of American rejection of
international law and the international
consensus we shouldn't surprise anyone
but nevertheless it's important to note
that secondly what it does is it
empowers the most extreme elements who
are any way on the ascendancy in the
Israeli political system and governing
coalition today so they are big being
sent to the signal do your worst
continue to make this conflict ever less
resolvable continue to make Palestinian
freedom rights dignity even further from
reality it also of course sends the
signal domestically in America and I
think we have to recognize that the move
of the embassy and you saw the lineup of
people from the United States at that
ceremony pastors who are known for their
anti-semitism by the way anti-semites
for Israel I call them Republicans only
know Democrats from Congress were there
this was a domestic political act by the
US
ministration the bottom line though is
that it doesn't at the end matter that
Israel has a beautiful relationship with
the Trump administration because Israel
at some stage will have to come to terms
with the six and a half million
Palestinians whom it controls directly
in the West Bank indirectly in Gaza or a
second-class citizens within Israel
itself so American support only has
limited utility at the end of the day
mm-hmm
mr. La Habra the dogma has been so far
when it comes to the Middle East peace
process there if peace is to prevail
there needs to be two things Israel
should recognize the right of the
policies to have their own state with
East Jerusalem as their capital at the
same time the Arabs should recognize
Israel as a state that doesn't seem to
be the case anymore where does this
leave the Arab world do they have to
rethink the whole dogma there has been
going on which doesn't seem to be now
taking into account seriously by the
Americans well as you can see from the
events the the embassy the recognition
of Jerusalem add to that the domestic
issue in America vis a vie the
evangelicals Visa v the vice president
pans vis a vie right wing in the u.s.
and the lobbyists and then this
coalition this relation with the right
wing in Israel that is in particularly
the government of Netanyahu the Prime
Minister all of this in a way did kind
of destabilize the project of a phallus
Tinian independent state with its
capital in East Jerusalem so what we see
now with all the settlements about 750
settlers between the West Bank and East
Jerusalem the expropriation of land 60%
of the West Bank is an area see the
persecution the wall around the West
Bank the siege around Gaza that is not
taking any anybody towards a two-state
solution what looks to me is that is the
death of the two-state solution and then
what next
I think what's next is an apartheid and
the resistance to an appetite okay an
ability of Palestinians to show us the
way there was a question where are the
Palestinians I think there
discovering their way in a system of
apartheid whether they were second-class
citizens in proper Israel or under
occupation in the West Bank and Gaza and
this leads me to ask Kasim this again
which is basically you've heard what mr.
levy and mr. Hobart was basically saying
mr. Kasim this is a shifting world
shifting alliances new realities on the
ground is this time for the Palestinians
to change focus strategy think about new
alternatives and new allies instead of
continuing the old narrative of
complaining about people not helping us
exactly exactly sir and reality there
isn't any space so far for a Palestinian
state so we have to look for another
path the other thing what is this path
in particular that there hasn't been any
peace a process there has been an M and
M an aimless negotiations process
aimless negotiations process and the
United States has been part of the
conflict it has never been an honest
broker and it was a kind of condemnation
for the Palestinian leadership to trust
the United States in the first place
because the United States has been
involved in in supporting the Zionist
Organization and Israel since the 19th
century
so the reticence has never been
impartial has never been but but the
most important issue for us is the
return of the refugees you cannot
establish a state without the people we
should have the people back first then
establish a state if we are to stick
with the definition of a state so first
we have to deal with this problem and
why the Palestinians in Gaza are
demonstrating because there have been
attempts by the Arabs and Americans to
go around the major and the crux of the
Palestinian problem which is the
refugees we
millions of Palestinians who are
refugees they are not allowed to go back
or fu G is on earth have the right to go
back to their house to their houses and
their party a property except for the
Palestinians okay all right
why all international laws or legitimacy
talks about the return of the refugees
why not the Palestinians do not retain
why not the Palestinians mr. levy I mean
as a negotiator in the past you know
that these were the two key issues the
right of the Palestinians to return to
their own ancestral lands and also East
Jerusalem as the capital of the
Palestinian state when you look what do
you look or you see the developments on
the ground with the rise of the populist
and the and the right in the u.s. in
Israel do you think that this two issues
in particular are going to be abandoned
for something which looks like an
uncharted territory in the Middle East
well Hashem I think there is a
determined effort by the Israeli and
American leadership perhaps with the
cooperation of some in the region itself
to pull apart the constituent elements
of the conflict and of Palestinian
aspirations and we've seen the move
against Unruh the agency that deals with
Palestinian refugees the defunding we've
seen what's happened on Jerusalem so I
think there's an attempt to try and
undermine all those issues I doubt that
attempt will be successful what you've
had is an effort by the Israeli prime
minister to say this isn't about 67 it's
not about the things that when I was
negotiating yes refugees were of course
on the agenda but when we showed an
understanding of the Nakba of the
Palestinian history and narrative the
practical position on two states would
be a return to the Palestinian state not
to Israel itself I don't know where the
Palestinians would have ultimately
accepted that but as soon as the Israeli
prime minister says let's talk about 48
let's talk about you accepting in the
Jewish state understandably and almost
inevitably the Palestinian response is
okay
talk about 48 we're not going to accept
the legitimacy of expulsion and
dispossession let's talk about the
refugees and the return and that's why
one of the reasons why the marches have
been marches of return but then miss
tell Carla the metrics seem to be
changing now with all these talks about
the so-called ultimate deal or the deal
of the century we know nothing about it
just few leaks saying that possibly this
is there going to be East Jerusalem to
be fir to Palestinians give up on their
dreams for Asians and in exchange for a
body's refugees that absolutely no way
they can go back home it seems to be a
totally different political reality that
the Palestinians and the Arabs have to
deal with so you see when you look at
the events surrounding Gaza you realize
that no settlement can be imposed on the
Palestinian people without their consent
without them being represented as well
as without their real deep honest voice
and narrative and and therefore what you
see today is an ongoing situation of
settlement building around Jerusalem but
there is in Jerusalem more than 300,000
Palestinians don't tell me they're going
to be the next wave of refugees there
are 2.5 million Palestinians in the West
Bank don't tell me that you're pushing
another 2.5 million there 2 million in
Gaza they're 1.6 1.7 million who are in
inside proper 1948 Palestine and Israel
and particularly within the Green Line
this is a situation today the
Palestinians there is no solution in the
foreseeable future what I see is forces
facing each other there is a force today
that is that is structurally over the
Palestinians which is socio-economic
political force that marginalizes them
that doesn't allow them to express and
it is done
in layers one of the layers is to
control the Palestinians who control the
Palestinians another layer is the total
seizure of Gaza but the full dependency
on Gaza under occupation another layer
is the wall around the West Bank
another is to keep pushing the
Palestinians in East Jerusalem by the
day by the block by the House by the
neighborhood and to bring in more
settlers and more settlers this is no
way for peace that structure has to end
now what kind of solution will all of
this bring how do we address the issues
you end up the repressive structure and
then a lot of things and possibilities
can take place between the two peoples
the two populations between between
everybody that has an interest in MPs
but also justice and equality but this
raises another issue and let me go to
mr. Casas mr. Kasim some say there the
biggest problem the Palestinians face is
the need for themselves to learn from
history and to reinvent themselves the
biggest backers in the region like Saudi
Arabia don't seem to be really excited
about any way out of this crisis you've
heard about the revelations of the leaks
in the New York Times in the Washington
Post in the past
number two the other suite is not on the
streets denouncing Israel how can you
move from this situation towards what
could guarantee your own rights as
Palestinians now look there they are
pushing us to a corner where we will
decide to carry arms they are living
they are not leaving any choice for us
so we should expect in the future
that there will be more bloody clashes
between the two parties it is not the
act of the Palestinians it is the act of
the Israelis and Americans thank you
they are not allowing any space for
peace thank you very much enjoy are
terrorizing everybody in the
unfortunately we're running out of time
but we appreciate your time thank you
very much indeed mr. of the sarcasm mr.
Sofia kelabra and Daniel Levy for your
contribution to the program and thank
you too for watching you can see the
program again any time by visiting our
website aljazeera.com for further
discussion go to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com for
/aj incise sorry you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
aj inside sorry for me - and the whole
team here bye for now
you
