course the occupied West Bank the siren
sounded 70 seconds for every year of
what the Palestinians call Nakba the
catastrophe the gathered in Ramallah and
Bethlehem Hebron Nablus in Jericho and
it bet el and Israeli settlement unlegal
under international law built on
Palestinian land
nakba is always a difficult sensitive
time for the Palestinians but after the
events of Gaza on Monday that
sensitivity that anger has never been
greater among those here Mustafa
Barghouti a veteran Palestinian official
but we had was a bloody Monday what we
had was a massacre and but it also
consolidated the fact that all this
Israeli operation will not break our
will will not break our popular
resistance which is now expanding good
over Palestine as tires were set alight
almost inevitably clashes followed
stones and rocks were throwing he's
really inspired tear gas and rubber
coated steel bullets in other places
they used real bullets people who
gathered insisted it was important to
mark 70 years since they lost their land
it is our legitimate right to continue
fighting and resisting the occupation
the land is ours and it is our right to
continue resisting until we get back to
our land my message today is to ask
where is the entire world where are the
international organizations where are
the human rights organizations the
Palestinian people are not weak they are
committed to their rights Palestinians
will never give up one inch of their
territory the current situation shows
that we will go back to our land and we
will rebuild our country we will defeat
the Israeli lies and stories in Ramallah
and other places in the West Bank they
called the general strike to commemorate
the dead in Gaza
it was almost universally observed shops
were closed streets were empty
once in your Palestinian official says
we want protests to be peaceful but he
understands increasing anger the crimes
committed by the occupation against our
people and responding to the nonviolent
resistance by fire and in this
unprecedented violence might make us
unable to maintain the nonviolent nature
of this resistance not because we don't
want to but because of the occupation
actions the events in Gaza have
reignited anger across the Palestinian
territory people are demanding action
from their leaders from the
international community and something
more than just words of condemnation
