artificial trans fats a food producers
dream but potentially a consumers silent
killer the unsaturated additive
increases shelf life while shortening
human life artificial trans fat is a
toxic compound it kills an estimated 540
thousand people around the world each
year replacing trans fat with healthier
oils will save an estimated at least 10
million lives in the 25 years after
global elimination the head of the World
Health Organization believes that trans
fats can be eliminated from the global
food supply within the next five years
he has announced a roadmap for
governments to realize this goal he says
nations need to legislate against trans
fats and promote healthier options
they're cheap and easy to work with
which makes them popular with food
producers but trans fats are responsible
for more than half a million deaths
around the world each year most in low
and middle income countries you've
ingested artificial trans fats if you've
eaten margarine baked goods popcorn
frozen pizza processed or fast food they
were introduced into our food in the
1950s a 1993 study proved trans fats
were increasing the risk of heart
disease
ten years later Denmark was the first to
legislate against them seven European
countries have followed well a federal
ban comes into effect in the u.s. next
month egypt consumes the most trans fat
followed by pakistan canada mexico and
bahrain the bottom line here is that
this is the beginning of the end for
industrially produced trans fats the
days of trans fats are numbered they
kill people by increasing levels of
cholesterol in the blood raising the
risk of heart disease by more than 20%
but saving lives may come at a cost
environmentalists are concerned a ban on
trans fats will mean an increase in the
use of palm oil another cheap long last
fat palm oil plantations are one of the
world's leading causes of rainforest
destruction charlotte Bellis al-jazeera
