HOSA campos lost his job in a tannery
two years ago and has been selling bread
on the streets
ever since he doesn't make much but he
says it's the best he can do he says
that speaks volumes about what his
country is going through it feels like a
crisis I worked for over 20 years and I
cannot find anything else I have six
kids the youngest is 12 years old
I have to continue fighting to feed my
family Argentina's economy is struggling
one of its biggest problems is the
devaluation of the currency against the
power of a strengthening US dollar the
government of Mauricio Macri has gone to
the International Monetary Fund for help
reportedly for 30 billion in case the
situation gets even worse in terms of
crisis Argentines change their pesos for
US dollars to protect their savings but
the biggest fear is that a higher US
dollar will translate into more
inflation Argentina is already coping
with double-digit inflation rates and
there are many who cannot keep up with
the changing prices but many
Argentinians say the government's plan
is doomed to fail they still remember
what happened last time their country
went into depth with the IMF no Sheila
Vietnamese we cannot make it until the
end of the month the money is worth
nothing going back to the IMF is like
going back in time we keep on making the
same mistakes over and over again the
fears of a serious financial crisis are
everywhere these days bringing back
memories of 2001 when Argentina
defaulted on its sovereign debt bank
accounts were frozen to prevent a bank
run millions of people lost their jobs
the country went through five presidents
in 11 days but economy say that even
though today's economy has problems like
deficit and inflation the situation is
different that we are not going back to
default or what happened in 2001 we have
a very solid financial system at this
point when you look at from a solvency
and from a liquidity point of view we
have higher standards than the higher
around the world but Argentina clearly
has a lot of problems
solve in front of itself careful
predictions of a better future deep
fears of a bitter past but for so many
in Argentina just getting through the
day is enough to struggle with terasawa
al Jazeera when Osiris
