he's been in office less than a week but
Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad has
raced at no time ordering a shake-up at
government agencies one of the first to
be affected is the country's top lawyer
the attorneys general who had cleared
former prime minister najib razak of
wrongdoing in a multibillion-dollar
scandal he will be on leave and replaced
by the Solicitor General who is
empowered to carry out the rule of
attorney-general millions of dollars is
said to have been deposited in the
former Prime Minister's bank account the
Attorney General said the money was a
gift from the Saudi royal family but now
a former director at Malaysia's
anti-corruption agency has lodged police
reports alleging that nudge it blocked
investigations involving 1mdb
and a state pension fund during his time
as Prime Minister the chief of the
agency tendered his resignation on
Monday meanwhile the Treasury secretary
general the most senior bureaucrat at
the Finance Ministry has been
transferred to another post the new
government appears intent to investigate
1mdb
and other allegations of crime and
financial mismanagement Mahathir Mohamad
has already given instructions that
government documents may not be removed
or destroyed on Monday the stock market
seemed to reflect confidence in the way
the new administration is handling
matters the kuala lumpur composite index
closed 0.2 percent higher the new
government is being heated by
experienced doctor model that could
assure that you know the transition of
power is actually quite smooth and that
eventually they would be able to run the
government pretty well the market has
also been buoyed by expectations that
the new leadership will embark on a
cleanup in the country's government
linked companies Florence lui al Jazeera
Kuala Lumpur
