Palestinians call it a new catastrophe
the relocation of the US Embassy from
Tel Aviv to Jerusalem thousands of
Palestinians had been protesting at the
Gaza Israel border so what will this
mean for one of the world's longest
conflicts this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program
I'm Mohammed Jim Jim US President Donald
Trump announced he was recognizing
Jerusalem as the capital of Israel in
December now the United States has
relocated its embassy from Tel Aviv to a
contested area in Jerusalem Trump's
daughter Ivanka attended the opening
ceremony on Monday with her husband
Jared Kushner the move has drawn
international condemnation and tens of
thousands of Palestinians gathered at
the Gaza Israel border to protest dozens
of them were shot dead by Israeli troops
katya lopez Hanoian reports
rage on as a palestinians have been
dreading moving the US Embassy from Tel
Aviv to Jerusalem has been condemned
around the world since it was announced
in December Palestinians have been
protesting in the thousands near goss's
border with Israel we're here at the
eastern border with Gaza the occupation
will transfer the US Embassy to occupied
Jerusalem they say it's the capital of
Israel but Jerusalem is the capital of
Palestine not Israel but this isn't just
about the embassy it's the culmination
of decades of grievances the blockade
that has made life in Gaza unbearable
and the Palestinians demands to return
to the homes they were forced out of so
many years ago in the West Bank more
signs of anger but process in Bethlehem
and a similar scene in Ramallah with
rallies opposing the embassy move to a
city that is claimed at the capital by
both Palestinians and Israelis many
governments have criticized a decision
they believe it will worsen tensions
between Israel and Palestine Turkey's
president says the US has now forfeited
its mediator role in the Middle East
phenomena America the United States has
chosen to be part of the problem rather
than the solution with its latest step
and has lost its mediating role in the
peace process for generations US
presidents have signed a waiver to delay
moving the American Embassy Israel says
it's waited long enough
president Trump
is moving the embassy because it's a
national security priority to have the
embassy here in Jerusalem the pictures
tell the story of deep divisions the two
different versions of reality sheer is a
victory in West Jerusalem along with a
sense of high security and control
in Gaza and the occupied territories
further chaos and outrage Katya lupus of
a yawn now jazeera Jerusalem is at the
core of the palestinian-israeli conflict
and its status remains disputed so why
is the city so contentious well it holds
some of the holiest sites for the
world's three major religions
Christianity Judaism and Islam
many Israelis consider it their eternal
and undivided capital while Palestinians
want East Jerusalem to be the capital of
their future state after Israel declared
itself a state in 1948 West Jerusalem
came under its control while Jordan took
control of East Jerusalem but in 1967
Israel captured East Jerusalem including
the old city and later annexed it a move
that was never recognized by the
international community many initiatives
have endorsed the so-called two-state
solution over the years Israel and
Palestine existing side by side and
possibly sharing Jerusalem as their
capital but those talks have long
stalled all right let's now get the
thoughts of our guests joining us from
Ramallah Mustafa but who tease the
secretary-general of the Palestinian
national initiative in Jerusalem at
Hannon Miller a Palestinian politics
researcher at the Forum for regional
thinking that's an Israeli Research
Centre and here in Doha Mohammad chicawa
professor of conflict resolution at
George Mason University a warm welcome
to you all
mr. Shekhar I want to start with you
first Jerusalem of course was meant to
be a final status issue by recognizing
Jerusalem as the capital issue has the
u.s. essentially created a fait accompli
on the ground there no normally in from
a conflict transformation perspective
you need to tackle the deep-rooted
causes of the conflict and for the last
20 plus years the status of Jerusalem
has been very crucial in the entire
process of the peace process either by
the United States by the United Nations
as well as the European Union so what we
have seen today is
creating a mess or adding to the
complexity of the conflict itself by
recognizing Jerusalem as the capital of
Israel while Trump has not left any way
to maneuver or to redesign another
alternative to the dying priests process
so definitely the final status of
Jerusalem remains very significant in
the eyes of the Palestinians the Arabs
and other supporters then there is no
way that Trump can say well we take
Jerusalem of the table and then you can
use Israelis and Palestinians can come
together to the negotiate the table so
basically it is a main spoiler of any
process of conflict transformation let
alone conflict resolution mustafa bravo
t the deaths and injuries in gaza today
certainly a stark juxtaposition to
what's going on in Jerusalem with the
opening of the u.s. embassy so I want to
get your opinion as far as if this
really shows how tensions are rising
right now well this is very mild way of
describing the situation it's not
tensions it's massacres as Raley Army is
committing a massacre now at the against
the Palestinian civilian peaceful
protestors he's used the Eisler Israeli
army is using live ammunition lethal
weapons they're even using using tanks
and using airplanes to bombard people
who are peacefully demonstrating this is
unacceptable so far 41 people have been
killed which is a larger dump number
maybe than all those killed during the
last five weeks and no less than 2,000
injuries including about 800 with live
ammunitions this is a barbaric reaction
this is a massacre that should not be
allowed and what the United States did
by moving its embassy is not to change
the reality on the ground but rather
changed the pull up the position of the
United States they simply made the
United States complicit and participant
in our crime which ins annexing land by
force
and supporting Israel in its annexation
of East Jerusalem which is totally
unacceptable and will not will not be
allowed and we Palestinians will never
accept that let me remind you that
Jerusalem is not the Jewish capital as
they claim as Netanyahu claims Jerusalem
was established 1,000 years before any
Jewish person stepped into this land and
if it was a related to Jewish population
it was for very short periods of time
but there is nobody in the world that
can give Israel the monopoly over
Jerusalem Jerusalem should also be the
capital of the Palestinian people
Jerusalem and the old city belongs to
the Palestinians whether they are
Muslims or Christians and no occupation
in the world can change this fact and
Helen Miller can I get your reaction to
what Mustapha Baruti was saying there
and also what is the concern level right
now that things are only going to get
worse well I think every life that is
taken today is a very tragic event I'm
not here to defend the loss of life I do
think though that the Palestinian
leadership and particularly Hamas should
ask itself in view of the high death
toll why it's funding and paying money
to families and to people to go to the
fence which is an international border
and lose their lives on the fence with
the pretext of return which is in the
words of Ismail Haniyeh supplanting
Israel and causing Israel Annunaki BA or
a new catastrophe
so with that pretext in mind I think of
course the soldiers bear responsibility
for the open fire laws but also Hamas
and the Palestinians who go to the fence
despite clear instructions from the
Israeli army to stay away from that area
also bear a certain amount of
responsibility with regards to Jerusalem
I would just say I don't want to go into
the history lesson of who owns Jerusalem
I think that's not the relevant question
right now the question is how can
Israelis and Palestinians share
Jerusalem return to the negotiating
table and talk about a fair and
equitable deal I do think that this
American decision makes it harder for
them to do that
I think Israelis are all proud and happy
that the United States is recognizing
Israel I'm sorry Jerusalem is a capital
of Israel but I think we should also be
very cognizant of the effect
this has on the Palestinian leadership
especially the moderate leadership of
Mahmoud Abbas and the credibility of the
Americans is fair brokers most of about
hoody it looked to me like you had a
reaction to what L Hannah and Miller was
saying there did you want to add
something of course how can we speak
about negotiating about Jerusalem when
Israel is unilaterally annexing
Jerusalem and unilaterally declaring its
as its capital whom would we negotiate
with with Netanyahu who's saying it's a
Jewish city forever and Palestinians
have no right to it wouldn't if Tali
Bennett who declares that Palestinians
should have should not have the right to
have their own state or will check Eid
who describes us as insects what kind of
government we can negotiate with the
reality is that the Israeli society and
the Israeli governments are moving so
fast in the direction of being greatest
and what they have done is to transform
the system of occupation into a system
of apartheid a much worse apartheid than
what prevailed in South Africa at one
point of time and every Israeli should
be ashamed of themselves they should be
ashamed of living in a place which is
creating a system of apartheid and if
they really want peace they should bring
down this government and bring down this
horrible system and the regime that is
allowing their soldiers to shoot people
by the way the vast majority of
Palestinians killed today and in the
last five weeks in Gaza were shot and
killed in the buffer zone inside Gaza
not at the borders many of them are
children
many of them are journalists many of
them are medical people who were trying
to provide medical aid I've just been to
Columbia and we were shot at by the
Israeli soldiers inside Columbia at
which Porter's we were standing just
because we were peacefully demonstrating
they shoot us in which country this is
allowed by which system this should be
acceptable this is nothing but savage
behavior of a barbaric government that
is practicing racism practicing
occupation and practicing every of a
violation of every international law how
much are we what options do the
Palestinians have now when it comes to
the peace process do they have any are
they completely boxed in
well first let me mention one thing that
is very significant Trump's any
recognition of Jerusalem as the capital
of Israel represents a an assumption
based on zero-sum equation therefore the
Israelis now are celebrating this
triumph as a political endeavor
supported by the Trump administration
there is a blindside here which means
that if we can maintain status quo for a
few weeks or few months that doesn't
mean the conflict has gone away
therefore there will be some reaction
there will be some movement of
resistance against this act and also the
end the use of force either along the
border in Gaza or at ilandia and as
mentioned earlier now I think there are
two issues here one how to counter such
a political statement that Jerusalem is
the capital its de facto reactive
reality that is thrown to the
Palestinians I would argue for two
things one there is always another point
of reentry to the conflict by changing
the discourse changing the dynamics and
presenting a third way I think now the
Palestinians need to move away from
moral politics from the out crying
against this immoral act and engage in a
process where you can defy political
realism by something that is not really
there yet but in a way that you figure
out a formula a political formula either
based on resistance or based on finding
new supporters in Europe or in Russia or
elsewhere who can come back to the issue
that this is a conflict this is not a
situation of a fait accompli
in order for in other words we need new
stakeholders coming from within
Palestine from outside Palestine to
figure out a rebuttal and also a formula
of recom in our coming back
the conflict without drifting into
violence therefore I think what we are
risking now is a possible combination of
peaceful resistance that may drift away
into acts of violence and therefore I
think native the Palestinians nor the
Israelis will be able to contain the
real escalation l Helen Miller President
Trump had said in the past that this
embassy move would boost peace efforts
but ever since he made his decision
public that the embassy would be moved
tensions have really been on the rise
there what do you think do you think
peace efforts will get a boost
ultimately from this and how could that
be no I don't think that peace efforts
will get a boost I think that if
anything this harms peace efforts I do
think though that dr. Barghouti and I
agree on the outcome of what talks
should produce which is an equitable and
fair two-state solution for Israelis and
Palestinians what dr. Barghouti
neglected to mention however is the fact
that for the last 11 years the
Palestinian leadership is divided
between two territories and two
strategies namely Hamas in Gaza and the
Palestinian Authority in the West Bank
those two strategies are on the part of
Hamas destroying Israel and supplanting
it with an Arab state and on the side of
Mahmoud Abbas the negotiation with
Israel and a two-state solution as long
as that's the situation and it hasn't
been resolved among the Palestinians
then there's no wonder that Israelis are
voting for more right-wing governments
and issuing negotiations because if they
can only achieve half a peace then in
fact that's no peace at all so I think
dr. Barghouti must also understand the
difficult position that Israeli voters
are in given the Palestinian divide and
their inability to resolve that divide
after all these years dr. berty putting
the peace process or the moribund peace
process on the side for a moment has the
u.s. embassy move actually changed
things significantly on the ground for
Palestinians it changed no facts it
changed it will not affect our
determination to get our freedom and to
get our free state and to get Jerusalem
as our capital but let me respond here
to what you're as Railly colleague spoke
about he I know he tries to look like a
but I think what he's saying is totally
misleading
there has been no solution not because
there is a difference between Hamas and
Fatah for a long time PLO was
representing Palestinians and it signed
the peace agreement which is called Oslo
agreement who killed Oslo agreement
Netanyahu who assassinated his hawk
robbing an Israeli extremists provoked
by Netanyahu who is who was blocking the
possibility of negotiations Israel yes
we had two different strategies that's
true but today one strategy has failed
completely
Oslo has failed negotiations have failed
and I think Hamas wanted military
resistance today we are unified
Palestinians all Palestinians hamas
Fatah Mubadala
are adopting what we've been through
what we've been advocating for 16 years
popular nonviolent resistance as a
strategy a strategy to change the
balance of power between US and Israel
since negotiations are not working and
let me say that this is not a conflict a
conflict is a dispute between two sides
that are disputing over a piece of land
or an issue no this is one side
occupying the other Israel occupying the
Palestinians Israel oppressing the
Palestinians Israel practicing
settlements colonies against Palestinian
Palestinians Israel having an apartheid
regime that is directed against
Palestinians this cannot be resolved
without ending apartheid without ending
occupation without ending the system of
operation we know it will take a lot of
struggle and we know we should work very
hard to be unified and we will do that
but we will not give up and this act
from the American president will not
change in a bit
our determination to continue our
struggle to be free and to have justice
and harun Miller you heard Mustapha
Baruti there say your previous claims
were a bit misleading do you want to
respond to that yes I think it's very
difficult for Israelis on the Left which
I consider myself part of to convince
people to vote for left-wing parties
when moderate Palestinians and I believe
dr. Barghouti is a moderate Palestinian
say that violence and park
the uprising is a strategy rather than a
tactic a strategy to what end what is
the end goal of this violence is it a
two-state solution violent violent or
Dai fates non-violence a resistance
don't mislead the your you're not saying
the truth
I said nonviolent resistance is violent
mr. Pruit even non violent minute if we
could just have mr. Hannen miller
finishes point go ahead same the same
applies to yeah please to what end
to what end are Israeli supposed to vote
for
to what end are Israeli supposed to vote
for left-wing parties and a resumption
of negotiations when even these
nonviolent protests will lead to the
supplanting of Israel as a state when
the goal of Hamas and the people who are
entering or or approaching the border is
to return the communities that are no
longer part of the Palestinian state and
they will not be part of a Palestinian
state in the future all right now that
means themselves have to decide what the
end game is and they have to do that
through elections
all right most of about who to go ahead
well let me say first
first of all Hamas agreed with us not
only on using nonviolent resistance but
also they agreed on the solution of
two-state solution they agreed on that
they agreed even to become part of the
PLO and not to create an alternative
body but it is Israel that is preventing
the establishment of a Palestinian state
it is Israel that is killing the
possibility of two-state solution if you
want to vote vote against the system of
apartheid and don't tell me that Labour
Party is a Left Party Labour Party stump
is completely complicit with Netanyahu's
policies Labour Party supports the
establishment of settlements and
occupied territories it was the one who
started settlements in the occupied
territories you cannot call for peace
and support settlement activities at the
end of the day by killing the two-state
solution you are pushing us back to the
old
demand we had before which is one state
would fully Democrat for democratic
rights for both people where we and you
can live together in equality
with justice where I will have the same
rights as you do where I can run to be
your prime minister if you want that
you're most welcome you don't want two
states and you don't want state what do
you want you want us to accept a system
of apartheid impossible and you cannot
keep blaming the victim for what you are
doing Israel has a nuclear power it has
a military power it has a political
power and it is abusing all of that to
prevent the establishment of peace in
this place
Hamas earth are we the protests that
have been going on in Gaza is this a
sign of a new movement do you think this
movement will be sustained and you
believe that this could actually affect
the situation on the ground there in a
positive way for Palestinians ultimately
well in this in the case of this
protracted conflict where you have no
prospects of having the two main parties
negotiate a certain deal of course it is
now up to the grassroots movement that
is basically in a rising the young the
answer who have a strong attachment to
their cause you would like to leave free
to be respected citizens equal citizens
like everybody else so this is a
movement that is going to stay with us
and even may transform into a wider
movement of self-liberation from a
system that has been contested by the
United Nations by the Europeans and by
the way 52 ambassadors to Israel decided
not to attend the ceremonies here in
there in Jerusalem out of 82 invitations
so this is an indication that if we have
right-wing politics in Washington as
well until Aviv that have come up with
this formula of Jerusalem is only for
Palestinians not for only for Israelis
not for Palestinians then we have an
issue also with the discourse itself in
other words I think that the Netanyahu
Trump pens Alliance will run out of
logic because of this
of power that is not given any
opportunity for the powerless to at
least have a way of having some equal
treatment so in short I think now we are
going to go back to the very beginning
that the doctrine of liberation movement
and I think if it maintains this
momentum up in bottom-up then I think
now Netanyahu will have an issue in the
long run and then we have also to remind
ourselves that this is no longer a
top-down way of controlling citizens
it's a bottom-up process where you have
people you know working networks through
the internet and social media so I think
this is the beginning of a major
contestation of political realism
therefore I think we need a new front
from wise individuals wise government
who need to look beyond this situation
and see what guys we can still maintain
and I think if the two-state solution
has a gun out of the discussion now we
need to go back to equal citizen equal
rights in a in in a society or in a
government that is for Israelis as well
as well as for Palestinians if not I
think the situation will explode and
then later on we will resort to violence
all right well we've run out of time so
we're gonna have to end it there thanks
to all our guests Mustafa Baruti and
Hannah and Miller and Mohammed shall we
and thank you too for watching you can
see the program again any time by
visiting our website aljazeera.com and
for further discussion go to our
Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
inside story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
aj inside story for me Mohammed John's
room and the whole team here bye for now
