it's a generational shift of power and
to see such vast change so so early in
our lives it shows that pretty much
anything is possible
Millennials the bearded coffee shop
dwelling hipsters and those less easily
given to stereotype are on the verge of
becoming America's largest voting bloc
voters ages 20 to 35 are expected to
overtake boomers in population in 2019
as their numbers swell to 73 million in
a nation of 325 million the youth
demographic the young voter the new
voter demographic of 18 to about 29 only
shows up to the polls about 18 percent
of the time that's about one in five if
we can get it to three out of five we
would control and shift every major
election to come midterm local
presidential all of it rising property
prices mounting student debt and lack of
action on gun control and climate change
increasingly have Millennials leaning
away from capitalism in toward
european-style socialism your parents
ode to a dream go to college you can get
out get good work provide for your
family white picket fence with a nice
lawn but that's not happening nowadays
the apparent political leanings of this
generation have led to a surge in
support for left-wing parties such as
the Democratic socialists of America the
party has grown 800 percent in three
years democratic socialism is just about
returning the Democratic Party to what
its roots are and seeing who who that
who its bases and promoting policies
that debate their base wants in sort of
an unabashed way the party now counts
nearly 50 thousand members in all 50
states
most of them Millennials the big
question for the November midterm
elections will they vote a recent ad
offers this cross-generational taunt
dear young people don't vote vote
anything's fine the way it is turn
younger voters have always leaned
leftward but they've always been
outvoted by older Americans turnout is
always the most important thing
especially in midterm elections or
China's
so there's a question of who is actually
going to vote the November elections
will determine whether in insurgents of
youthful enthusiasm amounts to real
change john Hendren al jazeera Chicago
