at a tattoo parlor in Tijuana
Jose RC is finishing a portrait for a
client Jose was deported to Mexico from
California seven years ago after
completing a prison sentence for
possession of a firearm having lived in
the US since the age of two he recalls
the culture shock reality doesn't hit
you until you get here so you could be
as as prepared as you want but once you
get here the whole process everything
changes because you're you you become a
complete illegal alien here business is
good at Jose's shop called no mercy
tattoo located in the heart of Tijuana's
tourist district the city is right on
the border with the US making it a
popular drop-off point for recent
deportees it's estimated between ten and
fifteen percent of all deportation cases
to Mexico arrived in Tijuana regardless
of where the individual is actually from
father Patrick Murphy runs a shelter
that's been welcoming them for more than
30 years he says the city is practically
made up of these migrants deportees have
built the city of Tijuana you know
thirty years ago this was a little a
little
Pablito ranchito and now it's a bustling
city and it's being built on the backs
of of migrants and deportees not all new
arrivals are able to adjust to life in
Tijuana
but many choose to stay as it offers a
close proximity to the families they've
left behind in the u.s. after seven
years in Mexico Jose says he no longer
has any desire to return to the states I
remember I'm telling my daughter you
know that I was I needed to go back I
need I want to go back and she told me
that she'd rather see me come see me in
Mexico than see me behind a glass door
so I mean a glass windows there was one
of the things that that that made me
realize that I need to stay here I mean
I don't have I don't I wouldn't have a
life if I go back the only thing I'm
gonna go back for is go back to prison
Jose's case is somewhat of an exception
there are many others who are unable to
find work or have no family or support
and end up homeless living on the
streets or under bridges in the city
migrant shelters in Tijuana estimate
that 70% of deportees will try to make
it back across the border illegally it
can cost an individual upwards of
$10,000
to be smuggled back whisking their lives
in the process with no guarantee of even
making it across monopolies al-jazeera
Tijuana
