twenty-four hours after a series of
bombings in Surabaya there was an attack
at a city's police station security
cameras showed two motorbikes
approaching the gates then there's an
explosion the five suicide bombers were
all from the same family their
eight-year-old daughter survived the
attack on Sunday six members of another
family attacked three churches in
Surabaya this is their family photo from
less than five years ago police say the
father took his wife and two young
daughters H nine and twelve to one of
the churches the couple's two teenage
sons blew themselves up at another
church police say the family had joined
ISIL in Syria and had traveled back to
Indonesia in 2017 Abuja then and WA
unlock yeah the mother and her two
daughters who were nine and twelve went
into the church
she detonated the bomb her daughter was
carrying first and then blew herself up
Christians are a minority in Muslim
majority Indonesia church communities
say action must be taken against the
armed groups responsible for the attacks
Loretta sixty-five-year-old found was
one of those killed
she was sitting at the back of one of
the churches we really hope that the
government will act firmly against those
behind these attacks the president has
just visited us I hoping speed up any
measures to stop this indonesia has seen
a resurgence in violence in recent years
after hundreds of people left for Syria
and Iraq to join ISIL last week inmates
at a prison in the capital Jakarta
killed five counterterrorism officers
during a riot the prisoners were
suspected to be supporters of ISIL
police believe the attacks in Surabaya
our reaction to what happened at the
prison with instructions coming from the
ISIL leadership police have raided
several locations and have found more
bombs the whole of Indonesia is now on
high alert for further attacks these
recent ones are being blamed on a group
called Jamaa uncharred allah which for
the first time has used young children
on their suicide missions stepheson LG
Sara Sara bhaiyya
