it was a battle that lasted most of
Sunday ISIL fighters targeted a regional
government office in a busy area of
Jalalabad the attackers first detonated
a car bomb and right after that they
stormed the state accounts office our
Afghan security forces have started
their operation to carefully can isolate
the attackers but it took them all day
eight men armed with machine guns and
rocket-propelled grenades hold off
Afghanistan's military from inside the
building it was about 12:30 when we
heard the explosion after I came out of
my home I could see the smoke the second
explosion took place two minutes later
you can still see and hear the firing
and explosions even now at 4:00 p.m.
Jalalabad is the capital of Nangarhar
province and the center of isil's Afghan
operations it's also a stronghold for
the notorious Haqqani network allied
with the Taliban attacks here are
becoming a monthly occurrence
this was March a suicide bomber killed a
religious leader and his bodyguard in
February for tribal elders were killed
in an explosion in the hotel where they
lived and in January aid agencies saved
the children was targeted five people
died and 24 were wounded the attack was
identical
I saw detonated a car bomb being gunmen
stormed the compound Afghans caught up
in Sunday's coordinated assault were
taken to Nangarhar Regional Hospital
patients were treated for blast injuries
gunshot wounds and broken bones after
jumping from the office building
children weren't spared God saves us it
was a very horrid big scene but thank
God I feel like this is the type of
place where barricades replace curtains
on hospital windows on the outside
Afghans take stock and roll out an
increasingly familiar routine at the end
of a long day in Jalalabad Charlotte
Valles aljazeera
