more ISIL inspired attacks in Indonesia
three churches were the target in the
country's second-largest city suicide
bombers all from the same family is ISIL
expanding in Southeast Asia and can it
spread be stopped this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
homonyms ohm Indonesia has long
struggled with rebel groups particularly
al-qaeda affiliated Jemaah Islamiyah in
recent years it has been battling isil
which has been recruiting in the region
both groups say they've carried out a
series of bombings over the past two
decades
police say Sunday's attack was the work
of one family two of them girls aged
nine and 12 at least 13 people have died
and more than 40 wounded stepheson has
the latest from Surabaya the bombs went
off before during and after Sunday
services within minutes three churches
in Indonesia second-biggest cities were
severely damaged police say a suicide
bomber disguised as a churchgoer carried
out at least one of the attacks they
were about to celebrate Mass my husband
was opening doors and welcoming people
he was badly injured and is in surgery
the streets around the churches were
cordoned off and evacuations ordered
it's still an ongoing investigation at
all three crime scenes we are working on
recovering bodies and identifying them
there's been a resurgence of homegrown
militancy in recent years in Indonesia
the country's Intelligence Agency
suspects the church attacks were carried
out by an ISIL inspired group after the
fall of meroe
in southern Philippines a number of
foreign fighters many of them from
Indonesia have been milling around and
probably have washed back into Indonesia
and I would save it on top of that
there's probably been a greater
directive from what's left of ISIL in
Syria to sort of direct operations and
start operations in Indonesia the
Philippines Surabaya is on its highest
alert after the attacks on Sunday
morning the three attacks at three
different churches are a strong reminder
to Indonesia that despite its 15-year
long fight against armed groups the
threats still remain the latest attacks
comes days after prisoners killed five
elite counterterrorism officers in a
prison standoff in Jakarta the prisoners
were suspected ISIL members
Christians are a minority in Indonesia
about 90% of the country is Muslim as a
security measure all church surfaces
have been temporarily suspended step
fasten al Jazeera Surabaya Indonesia has
been targeted before and it's not the
first time churches have been hit
bombs disguised as Christmas gifts were
delivered to churches in 2000 killing 19
people two years later more than 200
people mostly foreign tourists died in
bombings at crowded night spots on the
resort island of Bali in 2016 ISIL
claimed responsibility when suicide
bombers attacked a shopping area in
Central Jakarta killing four and last
year more suicide attacks in the capital
again claimed by ISIL killed three
policemen at a busy bus station let's
now go to our guests joining us in
Jakarta rahim abdul rahim executive
director of the Habibi Centre in London
olivier gita managing director of global
strat consultancy firm and in canberra
greg fili head of department of
political and social change at the
Australian National University he is the
author of voices of Islam in Southeast
Asia a contemporary source book a warm
welcome to you all now Greg I want to go
to you first because there are reports
that ISIL is claiming responsibility for
these attacks
does the fact that churches were
attacked here lend credence to that that
could certainly be a factor that hasn't
actually been reported in the Indonesian
media that I've seen up until a few
minutes before the commencement of this
interview but what the police are saying
is that the head of the family which was
responsible for these three church
bombings was in fact the leader of the
local leader of a group which is really
has been the most serious supporter of
Isis in Indonesia and that is a group
called Jamaat unsure and ala jad and
that has been a group that has been very
hard hit by the police police arrests
and police sorting their operations
attempted bombings and the like so it's
no surprise that okay that Isis sari is
claiming this and I think there's
increasing police evidence from within
Indonesia to suggest that that is in
fact a very well founded claim demag
Rehema you heard Greg they're talking
about jad
and the reported links of this family to
that group could you tell our viewers
more about that specific group there are
quite a few supposed to there are quite
a few groups I don't know specifically
on this one but the thing is I think it
as Greg said there hasn't been really
any confirmation whether or not they are
they are the ones I think we're getting
reports now from from from different new
sources as well as I'm following the
news as well Rehema sorry I'm sorry to
interrupt you then let me ask you this
how different was the scope of this
attack than other attacks that have
happened in Indonesia the difference is
this seems to be this seems to be very
calculated and systematic because it was
five churches well five targeted
previously targeted churches at the same
time and then three of them the
explosion happened actually in three
churches so it seemed to be very
systematic
whereas in in the past you know you seem
to have lone suspected bombers targeting
one area targeting one target whether
it's a church whether it was the the
incident in at the at the mall or in in
the Marriott or at the hotels but these
seem to be very targeted and systematic
because again several churches were hit
at the same time okay Olivia let me ask
you of course these attacks come just
days after this prison standoff in which
guards were killed and there are
officials with the intelligence agencies
there that are suggesting
that the prison standoff and that these
church attacks may be linked what do you
think look in the past we've seen in
many countries all the way from Africa
to Southeast Asia that there was a link
between prison breaks and attacks right
after it but but I think what's
important to look at is looking at the
question of the debate is how much
Islamic state has been expanding in
Southeast Asia but also the fact that
this family where return is from Syria
and when you look at the statistics of
how many Indonesians have gone in and
fought in Syria and Iraq and gone back
this is where I think the most
concerning part for the security
services in the next six months or a
year will be coming ok Greg there's been
a resurgence E in homegrown militancy in
Indonesia in recent years why is that
well I think in some ways a surprising
because there has been a nice Lamas
ation process underway in Indonesia and
certainly politically we found a lot of
concessions regularly being made to
Islamic sentiments so it's not as if
this was the kind of situation that we
had when the Sahara regime was in power
when Islam was was quite oppressed by
the government so we don't find that now
there are multiple reasons why people
would be supporting Isis and I think in
fact those reasons have changed over
time many of those people who went to
Syria in Iraq for example believed that
this was a major site of jihad in the
world and this was the most virtuous
place for them to be some of them are
also convinced that this was where the
final reckoning the final battle between
Islam and its enemies would take place a
kind of eschatological view of this and
some people went there also because they
felt the conditions were better than
they may have found in other theatres of
jihad around the world so
some of those factors still apply over
the last couple of years when Isis has
suffered successive military reversals
but we know the number of people going
from Indonesia they're still people
trying to get to Syria but we also know
that I mean the police figures over the
last few weeks have been that around
about 1,100 Indonesians have gone to
Syria and Iraq about 500 been killed and
around about 500 are still alive they're
still fighting and doing other roles
about a hundred have died and somewhere
in the order of 500 have been sent back
or return to their own volition and as
your previous speaker said it's a
massive task for the police to keep to
properly monitor those hundreds of
returnees not all of them will return to
jihad but even if you've had half of
them doing so well then that would be a
very serious security problem for the
Indonesian state Rehema you heard Greg
they're talking about police and the
task they have with monitoring these
returning fighters or Indonesians who
went to places like Syria and Iraq and
joined ISIL in their battles now these
attacks that happened at these churches
obviously this is a shock for many
reasons but one of them it must be
because Indonesian security has been
able to thwart the planning of attacks
in the past several years I mean that
must be a real reason people are
surprised that this was not found out
beforehand correct yes I think so the
police have been doing a actually a very
good job in the past 14 the others and
and Intel usually is very is very good
and we we have some of the best forces
as well on counterterrorism however I
think it's also that it's very difficult
as again you know Greg I think mentioned
it that you had you you have returnees
coming back unmonitored and also in a an
environment in Indonesia where you
really can't tell the difference because
again growing conservatism and growing
you know movements in Indonesia you
don't know which one who to monitor or
whether they're just being more
conservative or they're actually prone
to growing violent and I think that's
the key that we have to look at and I
think there has to be concerted efforts
again the police have a have a heavy
task at hand but again with concerted
efforts I think you can you you need to
be able to differentiate between those
groups that are actually going to be
going to turn violent and those groups
that are just being more turning to a
conservative Islamic and that's I think
the problem in Indonesia again we have a
terrorism bill that still is just
lingering I think the chief of police in
the wake of the today's bombings have
called for you know an immediate
discussion or passing of the bill or the
for the president and to issue a
presidential decree or now this is
something I think law enforcement I
think the legal instruments still are
very vague in Indonesia which which
doesn't help the police and which
doesn't help as well as civil society
and actually the community to to be able
to monitor to be able to see who are the
returnees and whether or not they're
going to turn violent it's very
difficult to to to to distinguish one
from the other Olivia let me ask you to
expand a bit on what Rehema was saying
and also I want to get your opinion from
your vantage point just how successful
has ISIL been when it comes to making
inroads in Indonesia and especially on
the recruitment front so a couple of
things yeah to take on the points of
your previous guest what what needs to
happen but it's very difficult some
Western countries have been able to do
that is to really make a list of the
returnees and and monitor them but to
put things in perspective last year
turkey announced that part of their
plans to arrest Islamic state fighters
trying to go back to their own country
Indonesia turned out to be the second
largest contingent with 435
Paul arrested by the Turks right after
Russia at that point it was clear that
returnees were going to be a huge issue
in terms of the threat but also in terms
of Islamic States strategy to expand in
Southeast Asia and we talked in the
introductory segment about the
Philippines and what happened in marawis
but also what we've been seeing with
Western secret services looking at how
fighters from Syria and Iraq are going
into Southeast Asia
rather than coming back to the UK or
France or even going to Africa in the
Sahel which we thought that at first
would be one one of the main focus
points so for instance the French
security services have warned about
French foreign fighters going into
Malaysia as well so the whole region is
really turning into a magnet if you will
of returnees and that's what's extremely
concerning ISIL has lost much of its
ground in Iraq and Syria but still
operates elsewhere its affiliate in
Egypt and the Sinai province came into
being in 2014 the same year the group
created its Yemen branch taking
advantage of the chaos in the country in
2015 ISIL declared its presence in
Afghanistan as the Islamic state in
chorus on a group made up of mostly
Taliban defectors and new recruits in
the Philippines former Abu Sayyaf leader
is kneel on happy lawn and the mao-a
brothers groups involved in bloody
fights with the government pledged
loyalty to ISIL and West Africa is
becoming an increasingly important front
in the fight against armed groups
including Boko Haram which has declared
allegiance to ISIL ISIL is also said to
have inspired attacks in different parts
of Europe Australia and North America
now Greg I want to ask you there's a lot
of this have to do with the fact that
ISIL has lost so much territory in
places like Iraq and Syria is the new
frontier Southeast Asia
well that was certainly a very strong
impression last year when as Olivia
mentioned before we had this battle of
Marawi taking place and the southern
Philippines island of Mindanao and this
was a battle that lasted for five months
and it was an extraordinary feat for
these Pro Isis jihadist is kneel on
happy land who you mentioned the melted
brothers and their supporters to hold
off the might of the Philippines forces
for as long as I did and that was one of
the most successful fields of operation
for Isis in 2017 eventually that
uprising was put down and will be
expected that there would be a lot of
continuing activity in Mindanao that
that would become the focus for Isis
operations in Southeast Asia I'm not
sure that that is an actual fact taken
place
certainly within Indonesian jihadist
circles there hasn't there been some
Indonesians have certainly gone to the
southern Philippines but there's a lot
more talk within their own lines of
communication about still undertaking
jihad within their own country not
necessarily fighting with in Mindanao
but nonetheless I think the point
remains that Isis given its problems in
Syria and Iraq and indeed in many other
parts of the world the Southeast Asia
has looked a promising field for it we
only need to look at the front covers of
some of its media outlets to see the the
kind of prominence that Isis is giving
to to Southeast Asia
I think Indonesia is still likely to be
the place where we will see these kinds
of terrorist attacks where we will see
bombings and churches not necessarily
the taking over of whole cities as we
saw in the Salah fillin southern
Philippines but attacks on police there
have been many more attacks on police
and there have been attacks on churches
in the last decade and I think these are
the kinds of terrorist operations that
are likely to continue probably for many
decades to come in Indonesia
Rehema do you think that we're now
looking at a situation where essentially
there will be a competition among those
trying to lead ISIL Indonesia and do you
think that would cause even more
violence well I think again in Indonesia
because they're so fragmented and
there's so many competing groups and
again I think within Indonesia there's
there's also this there's also this
these these groups wanting to have a
position not only to lead to lead and to
lead a branch of either Indonesia but
again how they're entering themselves
into into the politics and I think
Indonesia becomes a fertile ground or or
the next stop because again we're we're
so consumed with what's happening in in
the political situation in Indonesia and
I think that's where Indonesia becomes
very very fragile I believe you know a
lot of the a lot of the energy has been
spent in making sure that you know
external ISIL influence doesn't come in
where actually some of them that are
already here are gaining ground I think
again the fragmented the fragmented
groups some wanting to just lead lead
some form of jihad and some who actually
want to go enter into the political
arena there's there's that there's a
competition of that so I think one of
the things that I think people are very
much worried in Indonesia in particular
with cases in in cases like this the
conversation at the moment of how much
I'm doing in in in Jakarta in Indonesia
is not Isis is the the conversation
right now is just growing in tolerance
and growing right now after the bombings
of this morning the conversations that
are coming out are not are not are not
on on the the influence of Isis is more
on the rising intolerance because you
see some of the conversations that are
happening you see some people
already pushing back on on yes we will
not let terrorists you know you know
this perseverance that Indonesians have
when when when attacks come like this
you know we have this we have the
self-preservation mechanism it seems but
at the same time you you have also
groups who are again has mentioned
before who are becoming more
conservative and and actually condoning
such acts and that's I think where that
I think is where Indonesia is having a
problem right now we are seeing the
we're seeing the rise of intolerance and
then you know attacks like this are not
are condemned by many but also is like
well no this may be this may be a step
into or this is just a con of course
conspiracy theories will always come out
of whether we like it or not whether and
we hate having to even hear them but
that's the thing that's happening right
now the conversations I'm hearing right
now are not about whether or not this is
Isis coming into Indonesia but how this
is actually playing out in politics and
that's what the car that's what we're
talking about right now in Indonesia
right now it's very fragile you know
we're still reeling from the shock of
the of the prison riot that happened
again as Greg mentioned before it's a
tack on on security forces on on on on
the police so so yeah we're we're I
think we're we're seeing so many
different types of factors coming in and
conversations in Indonesia although yes
we're hearing reports of Isis we don't
really see that as as as the main
concern right now Olivier I want to ask
you more specifically you know some
analysts believe that there may be a
split within a militant groups along
generational lines do you think that's
the case and if so would that complicate
the situation further no no not really I
think what we're seeing is a very
opportunistic way of looking of where to
position yourself in terms of
jihadis coming in or not and one thing
that we haven't mentioned we talked
about homegrown jihadism in in Indonesia
at length but we're not talking about
foreign fighters and what we have been
saying not just in the Philippines but
from from some of the reports of the
security services from Algeria to
Morocco fighters going into Southeast
Asia to basically regroup and attack
there and I think that one of the main
goals for them and target would be
Australia that would be a huge coup for
them to to ramp up forces to to go after
after the the big devil for them in in
the region but but also one thing to
remember is how much of a label or not
will will be taken on in terms of
Islamic state of al Qaeda and what we've
been seeing in in many places on the
bottom town level these that got to me
and this competition between is and aq
is less of an issue than it is at the
top and that's what is really worrying
in terms of joining forces to to attack
civilian targets or military targets or
police targets alright we've run out of
time so we're gonna have to leave it
there thanks to all our guests Rehema
Abdul Rahim Olivier Geeta and Greg feely
and thank you too for watching you can
see the program again any time by
visiting our website aljazeera.com and
for further discussion go to our
facebook page that's facebook.com
forward slash AJ Inside Story
you can also join the conversation on
twitter our handle is at aj inside story
from me Mohammed Jim Jim and the whole
team here bye for now
you
