secondary school students in Rio de
Janeiro stop the traffic to try to stop
with they see as a major threat to
democracy in Brazil both Sonora doesn't
like indigenous people black LGBT all
Sonora is fascism he's regressing to
when he had a dictatorship we need to
move forward not back the future of
Latin America's largest country will be
decided in less than three weeks in a
runoff between ultra right-wing
presidential candidate Jeb Olson ro and
Fernando Haddad the candidate of the
discredited left-wing Workers Party the
underdog is clearly haddad a moderate
former education minister who stepped in
at the eleventh hour to replace his
mentor former President Luiz in√°cio Lula
da Silva in twenty days of campaigning
we were able to get more than 30 million
votes and take a little-known candidate
into a runoff on the strength of our
political platform but widespread anger
against Lula who's serving a 12-year
prison sentence for corruption is
Haddad's
Achilles heel but it's an uphill battle
it's a very long uphill battle has to
find some way to connect to these people
it has to find a way to put for his own
message to disentangle himself from
Lula's image but the day after the
election had ads first move was to visit
Lula in prison Paulson ro who has a
commanding lead says he won't back off
from his most controversial views like
supporting torture shooting criminals on
site and vilifying gays and women's
rights groups
I can't suddenly turn into a peace and
love jive said ball senado in a radio
interview
I can't violate myself that way I have
to continue being myself already
disturbing signs of intolerance
reminiscent of a different time are
emerging at this school for example
parents demanded that a novel about a
family that was forced to go into exile
during Brazil's military dictatorship be
taken off the curriculum arguing it was
too leftist and at Brazil's national
university chapters dealing with human
rights were found ripped out of books
and thrown on the floor
Brown our Brazil has never been more
polarized and given an unprecedented
barrage of fake news on social networks
international observers warned the
campaign could get uglier before it's
over you see in human al jazeera rio de
janeiro
