the bombs went off before during and
after Sunday services within minutes
three churches in Indonesia
second-biggest cities were severely
damaged police say a suicide bomber
disguised as a churchgoer carried out at
least one of the attacks they were about
to celebrate Mass my husband was opening
doors and welcoming people he was badly
injured and is in surgery the street
surrounded churches were cordoned off
and evacuations ordered it's still an
ongoing investigation at all three crime
scenes we are working on recovering
bodies and identifying them there's been
a resurgence of homegrown militancy in
recent years in Indonesia the country's
Intelligence Agency suspects the church
attacks were carried out by an ISIL
inspired group after the fall of meroe
in southern Philippines a number of
foreign fighters many of them from
Indonesia have been milling around and
probably have washed back into Indonesia
and I would say but on top of that
there's probably been a greater
directive from what's left of ISIL in
Syria to sort of direct operations and
start operations in Indonesia the
Philippines Surabaya is on its highest
alert after the attacks on Sunday
morning the three attacks at three
different churches are a strong reminder
to Indonesia that despite its 15-year
long fight against armed groups the
threats still remain the latest attacks
comes days after prisoners killed five
elite counterterrorism officers in a
prison standoff in Jakarta the prisoners
were suspected ISIL members Christians
are a minority in Indonesia about 90
percent of the country is Muslim as a
security measure all church services
have been temporarily suspended
step fasten al Jazeera Surabaya
