Armenians new Prime Minister Nicola
passion yarn has been setting up his
cabinet after leaving weeks of protests
that force the previous leader to step
down
well one prominent voice during the
demonstrations was that of Armenian
American rock star Serj Tankian the
frontman for the band System of a Down
tells al Jazeera what's ahead for his
country after days of civil disobedience
Chopin what he calls an autocratic
government without a single bullet being
fired as an artist we've stand stood up
to injustice not just in the US and
elsewhere in the world and for human
rights but also in Armenia and as
artists I've always believed that you
should tell the truth whether whether
it's popular you know or not we've had a
very typical post-soviet oligarchic kind
of system in place that's that's been
ruling the country for since
independence in 91 and people were over
the years voting with their feet by
leaving the country the high rate of the
population in the country you know
one-third of the people under the
poverty line and high rate of
unemployment and and injustice in the
courts and justice in law enforcement
people have had enough I think
nigo can start reforms in the executive
branch the law enforcement some some
judicial reforms he's going to try his
hardest to get electoral reforms done
through Parliament I don't know how easy
or difficult that's going to be but
obviously that's a challenge and as long
as the people are persevering and and
patient through the process and when I
say patient I don't see these reforms
taking tens of years I'm talking about a
few years maybe up to five years of
completely re-establishing this country
in a more positive light not that this
country is a completely negative light
either you know I think we've made
certain amount amount of progress over
the last 20-something years since
independence but this is a whole new
beginning that's creating this
incredible hope
