on any given day on a Tehran High Street
there is the hustle and bustle of buying
and selling here independent local
businesses are the drivers of economy
after the 2015 nuclear deal
Iran's collective future looked brighter
but only for a short time there is no
stability in the market economy the
situation is not good
we hoped things would get better after
the nuclear deal but unfortunately it
didn't happen the least we expected was
for things not to get worse well we will
see what happens
Iran's involvement in conflicts in the
Middle East what's being called acts of
aggression by the United States the war
footing of Saudi Arabia and Israel these
are things people are concerned about
but it's American sanctions a crippling
economic weapon that's been fired at
Iran before that has people really
worried 100% we are concerned it's alive
we say we're not and regarding new
policies adopted by the US we don't know
what we should do commercial centers
like this one are in neighborhoods all
over Tehran the kinds of places where
Iran's leaders had hoped the positive
impacts of the nuclear deal would have
played out places where Iran's voters
live and work but hope is fading fast
people we spoke to said they don't think
their elected leaders can do anything to
change Iran's fate no one cannot be
hopeful for anything in Iran in Tehran
there's a baker on almost every Street
the government subsidizes these shops
setting a fixed price for daily bread
one of the few things they still can
guarantee it's considered a noble
profession but these men are migrant
workers their wives and children live a
thousand kilometers away they only see
their families half the year they're
glad to be earning a living but say it's
not a happy life and even if Iran's
government is able to improve their
circumstances one man told us he's lived
this way for so
long he doesn't have any time left to
worry about the future for him he says
it's too late
very few working Iranians gained
anything from the nuclear deal but the
loss that's coming from the inevitable
financial strain of renewed US sanctions
promises to be far more inclusive zenbu
Ravi aljazeera Tehran
