witnesses say 20 attackers move
door-to-door shooting slashing and
burning their victims alive the pain is
still fresh he was my brother-in-law
they killed him together with his wife
and a child another young man he used to
stay with them was also killed then they
went to another home with my
brother-in-law and found his wife she
was killed together with her
three-month-old baby who she was
breastfeeding the killers are thought to
have crossed into roja Jericho village
from the Democratic Republic of Congo no
one recognized them was almost dusk they
didn't seem normal even though they were
wearing army uniforms then when the
attack happened
were sure that these were the same
people because they were new to this
area and looked suspicious Burundi's
public security minister told villagers
the killings are the work of a terrorist
group about Casa de Guevara those who
have made this attack should not
celebrate that they have crossed the
river we are in a good relationship with
our neighbors the DRC I want to let you
know that we have started talking and
cooperating with them so we could both
fight this group no group has claimed
responsibility for the attack which
comes less than a week before people
vote in a referendum that would limit a
president two to seven year terms in
office but the time President pier in
charin Cesar has already served who
won't count that means he could extend
his grip on power until 2034 Barbara and
Oprah aljazeera
