the prospect of a pardon sent family
supporters and media scrambling to a
hospital in Kuala Lumpur
inside Anwar Ibrahim is recovering from
shoulder surgery under prison guard
while he serves a five-year jail term
earlier the new Prime Minister Mahathir
Mohamad said the Malaysian king had
agreed to pardon and wha immediately it
is going to be a full pardon which of
course means that he should not only be
pardoned he should be released
immediately when he is bad after that
you'll be free to participate fully in
politics which are remarkable words to
hear from maja Tia who was grooming and
we're to take over in the 1990s during
his first tenure as prime minister but
he sacked him as his deputy in 1998 when
unproven allegations of sodomy emerged
and then oversaw his jailing for six
years on corruption charges the
following year in 2014 he was convicted
on separate sodomy charges and sentenced
to five years now in events that not
long ago would have seemed unthinkable
and was wife Wan Azizah stands alongside
maha Tia has Malaysia's first female
Deputy Prime Minister dawn and time for
Malaysia and I think it's a better
future for all of us the Prime Minister
now says he was wrong to fire and wire
20 years ago and he'll hand power to him
within two years even when Anwar Ibrahim
is pardoned and released it may be a
long time before he can be elevated to
the position of prime minister he would
have to go through a by-election in a
seat somewhere in Malaysia and then an
internal vote so he can become party
president all of that has to happen
before he can become prime minister his
supporters who have been with him during
a long fight may not believe it until it
actually happens given that Mahathir
Mohamad has promised this transition
before wayne hey al Jazeera Kuala Lumpur
