hello I'm housing seeker this is
counting the cast on al-jazeera you're
weak you look at the world of business
and economics this week powerful
sanctions will go into full effect if
the regime continues its nuclear
aspirations it will have bigger problems
than it has ever had before
Iran fallout how the u.s. decision to
exit the nuclear deal is being felt
around the world also this week a cry
for financial help
why Argentina is going back to the
International Monetary Fund years after
the country defaulted on its debt plus
I'm Andrew Simmons reporting on the
continuing rains and floods in Kenya and
I'll be explaining how this river has
changed course completely destroying
homes farms and cash crops
so the world's biggest economy reimpose
sanctions on the Islamic Republic of
Iran it's a decision which has
implications for the global oil market
and multi-billion dollar business deals
on this week's show we'll look at who
will pay the economic price European
companies like total Airbus Siemens and
Renault are nervously looking at their
options they could risk losing access to
the US market and face fines if they
choose to do business with Iran the u.s.
decision to walk away from the 2015
nuclear deal also threatens to cut off a
chunk of the world's crude oil supply
and that's sending oil prices up we'll
be looking at the fallout and what
sectors of the global economy are taking
the biggest hits in just a few moments
but first Zane Basu avi has the reaction
from Tehran the day after the United
States tore up the nuclear deal Iran set
it on fire
members of parliament in Tehran burned a
print out of the International pact and
the American flag a show of anger and
disappointment over what they say is a
mistake by Washington I don't owe you
more him mister if Europe and important
countries like Russia and China fill
this international vacuum perhaps there
will be a way to continue otherwise the
Islamic Republic of Iran will bring the
u.s. to its senses with its nuclear
actions they have to know that under
such circumstances
Iran has no commitment to remain in the
nuclear position it was in before the
Iranians woke up to headlines that
highlight the country's internal
divisions moderates who are currently in
government want the deal to go on
without Trump hardliners stress the
United States cannot be trusted and the
agreement should be completely scrapped
but both sides are bracing for an
economic impact the withdrawal means
more pressure will be exerted on the
people and the country will go back to
the days of resorting to smuggling to
bring in goods and by pass sanctions on
Wednesday Iran's supreme leader
Ayatollah Ali Khamenei drew a line in
the sand
Shanee be true go ahead for you all
heard last night the cheap and impudent
remarks of the US president there were
maybe more than 10 lie
what he said he threatened both the
establishment and the Iranian nation
that he will do this and that and I will
tell him on behalf of the Iranian people
mr. Trump you like hell you will
while there is a sliver of hope for the
deal to survive Khamenei said he knows
Iran is asking the remaining signatories
for the impossible to stand by Iran and
ignore the global financial threat posed
by the United States
haaaah now it's said that the agreement
will stay in place with participation of
the three European countries I do not
trust these three countries while the
full impacts of renewed sanctions have
yet to materialize on Iranian streets
traditional chants of death to America
are getting louder once again so here's
a look at what else is at stake globally
now the price of oil is that its highest
since 2014
Iran is currently the world's fifth
largest oil producer and it's accused
rivals of trying to steal market share
Saudi Arabia said it was ready to step
in to stabilize markets French oil
company total has agreed to help Iran
develop the world's largest gas field
south pass now it's looking at whether
it has to exit that deal other oil
companies BP and royal dutch/shell could
also take a hit in aviation Airbus and
Boeing have deals in place worth nearly
forty billion dollars the largest deal
was for Iran air to buy a hundred planes
from Airbus a car makers Renault PSA and
Volkswagen have moved back into Iran
about 120 German companies operate there
now China is the biggest buyer of
Iranian crude so with European companies
starting to count potential losses their
withdrawal from Iran could open the door
to Chinese firms the European Union
wants to calm tensions and salvage the
deal with Iran a French government
spokesman said EU partners could fight
the sanctions under world trade rules
for the European Union is ready to
challenge at the WTO so any unilateral
major
that would hurt the interest of European
companies and respond in an appropriate
manner in accordance of course with the
rules of that international organization
joining us now from Vienna is B gen
Hajipur Managing Partner of Austria
based consulting firm RTA international
good to have you with us so let's talk
first of all about Iran's economy which
is not in great shape to begin with how
is the u.s. withdrawing from this deal
going to affect ordinary ordinary
Iranians in in how they do business with
the world well there are different
dimensions to to this development one is
obviously psychological and and we have
been witnessing the psychological impact
over the past few weeks in anticipation
of this announcement for example on the
currency market in Iran you can imagine
that a lot of people are anxious about
the consequences of of this decision by
President Trump and the economy in in
general has not been in a very good
shape partly because the expectations
that the Iranian people and also the
Iranian business community had from from
the implementation of the jcpoa have not
been realized and now obviously there
has been a lot of uncertainty and there
will be more uncertainty with this
withdrawal from the US side obviously
one can imagine that a number of
international companies and banks will
will reconsider their Iran strategy and
that will definitely have an impact yeah
that's a key issue isn't it it is how
the European partners in this deal will
respond to this because they have said
that they want to continue to honor the
deal but might the threat perhaps of
being in the crosshairs of the US
government or imposing their sanctions
be enough to to steer business away from
Iran altogether or will they try to sort
of cushion that blow the Europeans will
certainly try to cushion that low but
but you have to look at the situation
from the perspective of international
companies I mean there will be in my
analysis three different groups of
companies in Europe the most significant
group are the larger European companies
that have relatively extensive interests
in the US I mean they probably export to
the US market they probably have
interactions with American banks with
American stock exchanges and so on and
they're obviously the most exposed group
to potential US sanctions so one can
imagine no matter what kind of
protection the EU offers that those
companies will be very careful unless
they manage to secure the so-called
effect licenses they need for business
with your own the second group are those
companies who have exposure to US
interest and are vulnerable potentially
to to US sanctions but who will feel
that what the EU is offering for example
in in financing solutions or in risk
management sanctions risk mitigation
would be good enough for them to
continue their Iran business and a third
group are potentially smaller and
medium-sized companies who have either
no or very limited exposure to the US
market who may feel that continuing
their Iran business is more to their
advantage could China take advantage of
this then could they be the big winner
in all of this I mean we're talking of
course about the second-biggest economy
in the world a huge buyer of oil as well
China will certainly benefit from from
the current development but I would I
would argue that the biggest winner in
the process will be Russia the new
phenomenon in Iran is the emergence of
Russian investments and Russian projects
in Europe for example about a month ago
Iran for the very first time and awarded
an upstream oil project to a Russian
company they had never done that before
they had awarded it to two Chinese two
Indians to Europeans but never two
Russians Russians would always get
smaller subcontracting service contracts
but not a prime contract for the first
time there was a prime contract and
there are others on the horizon I would
say Russia will benefit most from a
withdrawal from
Iran by by European and other
international companies good to speak
with you be Jan h√°jek force thanks for
being with us thank you for having me
now a heavy rainy season has destroyed
large stretches of farmland in Kenya and
displaced over a quarter of a million
people agriculture is a big employer
there Andrew Symonds has traveled to
Kilifi County to meet farmers who lost
their land to the river sabaki nothing
could stop the sabaki river from
destroying land that provided people
with something near to self-sufficiency
an abundance of fruit and vegetables
used to grow here in fertile soil that's
been replaced by silty sand these are
only a few of the farmers who have lost
their livelihoods my land was I had 6
acres like everyone else Ballentine
katana has no insurance to cover his
losses my everything the six acres was
schooling off my children all the cash I
get from that land in one of the places
that escaped the floods this is how it
should be two crops of maize a year that
people may be poor but it's Richland the
original course of this river was right
over there beside the tree line it
didn't just burst its banks it changed
course completely surging right across
this land destroying homes farms and all
of the crops the danger now is that the
force is here right across this Bank a
short distance away this family is
afraid they could lose everything to the
floods are changing lives making more
people dependent on aid right now
longer-term many will consider moving to
towns following the path of urbanization
the nearest town is Malindi and jobs
here are hard to find
back beside the sabaki River it's
raining again and these farmers want the
Kenya government to do more
the session now is part everybody is
crying here not only one family about a
thousand families are crying because
they got lost everything is a desert now
as you can see now that desert so where
people are crying out there because
they're all depending on this place the
aid agencies that people are now
dependent on are hard-pressed to meet
demand and the government is coming
under heavier pressure to devote more
resources to the crisis all right still
to come on counting the cost could
tourism outshine mining as a potential
big employer in South Africa the first
ongoing strikes at air france-klm of
cost Europe's fourth largest airline
more than 350 million dollars so far
this year the CEO also said he's
stepping down after the breakdown of
talks with unions the French government
said the airline needs reforms or it may
not survive a one-year arm from Emmanuel
macron historic election when public
opinion is divided on France's youngest
president and how he's handled the
powerful unions
Natasha Butler has more from Paris in
one year Emmanuel McCoy has rocketed
from relative obscurity to international
prominence the French president is
bounded onto the world stage taking a
lead on climate change the Iran deal and
Europe his strategy is to speak to
everyone even those he disagrees with we
have to make them perfect he is perfect
some analysts say that so far the
results are mixed we have to give points
to MEK whole for having this kind of
close engaging relationship with other
world leaders then when you measure the
results there are different questions on
the Iran deal on trade tariffs on
climate these are areas where that
Colin's vision has not prevailed at
least for now while my car is being
celebrated abroad back home it's a diff
angers been growing over the president's
sweeping reform agenda for months rail
and public sector workers have staged
strikes and protests McCoy says the
changes will modernize France and create
opportunity but at an anti macro rally
in Paris people said he's destroying
rights and hurting the poor Manuel Matt
crois√© politics are outrageously unfair
he's like a reverse Robin Hood he Rob's
the poor and gives to the rich it was in
the elegant surroundings of the Louvre
that one year ago Emmanuel Marcos
celebrated his victory since then he has
been dividing public opinion on one hand
there are those who say that his
policies are hurting some of the most
vulnerable in society but there are
others who believe that he's exactly the
kind of dynamic president that France
needs
for his supporters the youngest French
leader since Napoleon is a visionary we
have seen an economic revolution
political and social revolution and one
that is constructive not destructive
constructive
McCoy wants France to be an innovation
leader shortly after his election he
inaugurated this tech startup hub in
Paris today it lures international
entrepreneurs so there is a lot more
happening in France in the startup
ecosystem and that was one of the
reasons for me to still consider it to
stay in France to build my company under
Mac Hall the unemployment rate is down
investments picking up and public
approval for the strikers is falling but
the president has not won his battle yet
his urge to reform all parts of society
quickly may create more opponents yet
it's unlikely to deter him Michaels
repeatedly said that he cares little for
popularity Argentina is once again
looking for a financial lifeline from
the International Monetary Fund interest
rates hit 40 percent there this week but
many Argentines still remember the role
the IMF played in the last financial
crisis in 2001 today Scerbo reports from
Buenos Aires protests in Buenos Aires
against the government of Mauricio Macri
it is against a recent race in the price
of utility services but also against the
recent announcement of a request of
financial help of the International
Monetary Fund this cannot continue the
government has raised the prices of
utility services as never before and now
an agreement with the IMF we know what
happens when we deal with the IMF it has
never ended well most Argentines are
shocked with the news that the
government is seeking financial help
from the International Monetary Fund
because it brings back memories of what
happened 17 years ago when Argentina
defaulted on its sovereign debt and
one of the worst crises in this
country's history many fear that an
agreement with the IMF will result in
harsher austerity measures that will
hurt this country's most vulnerable
Argentina is trying to cope with the
devaluation of the peso currency and
capital flight because a strengthening
US dollar it is affecting emerging
markets and especially a vulnerable
country like argentina that has been
struggling with double-digit inflation
rates and deficit for years we
understand that these days people are
upset afraid that this situation will
end up in a crisis like the ones we've
seen in the past or that it's going to
stop the process of change that we are
going through right now we have a strong
conviction that what we are doing will
end up in development and growth that
we've been waiting for for years Merkley
says he's trying a gradual approach to
reduce the deficit but for many his
announcement is like going back in time
Brielle Rubenstein was part of the team
that helped Argentina negotiate with the
world after the crisis in 2001 parte de
una Argentina has been cautious with
what is happening in the world and it's
trying to get ready if the situation
gets worse the government has a clear
road but it's not enough if you're
matric on imme is not working Macri said
inflation was going to be 20% in 2016
and it was actually 40% they did not
believe that a rise in tyrus would
worsen inflation
without credibility Argentina is facing
economic uncertainty once again and
while the government is asking for
international help on the streets people
are trying to make sure that economic
austerity won't come at their expense
joining us now from London is Edward
gloss of Latin America economists at
Capital Economics good to speak with you
so I guess the obvious question here is
after everything that Argentines went
through with the IMF 17 years ago and
and the pain that so many of them felt
there why is Argentina again turning to
the IMF for help now well I mean there
are two reasons for that
quite simply one is the huge fiscal
deficit the budget deficit is huge about
six six and a half percent of GDP that
has a counterpart in the large current
account deficit which is about five
percent of GDP and the second reason is
high inflation inflation is still
running about twenty five percent
year-on-year and so as well as all that
you also have high levels of dollar
denominated or foreign currency debts
which as the peso continues to fall the
cost of servicing those debts rises in
local currency terms and how's the IMF
got to approach this then I mean have
they learned anything from from the
previous experience with Argentina is
there a chance today that they will
temper their conditions a little
possibly that's a question for the IMF
but I think certainly for the if you
look at the Argentina's balance sheet
and latest comments from the IMF it's
certainly the case that I think they're
probably pushing for a traditional
bailout so an SBA agreement rather than
a flexible credit line or a
precautionary liquidity line which were
muted by Macri earlier on this week so I
think from the IMF standpoint they're
probably going to be pushing for more
full-blown bailout regardless of what's
happened in the past so what are the
pitfalls of this thing
well the pitfalls are that we in our
view that negotiations are probably long
and quiet drawn-out because you have
this difficult issue where the IMF is
probably pushing for a standby agreement
and a traditional bailout but that's a
difficult sell politically for President
Macri and it's unlikely in our view to
pass
Argentina's Congress so that raises the
prospect of these long and drawn-out
negotiations which raises the risk that
we see the currency crisis can escalate
again which of course exacerbates all of
the problems and talking about those
problems just taking a step back here
for a moment how did Argentina get to
this point was it was it the Kerch in
the years the years of protectionism and
high government spending and all of the
rest of it yes a good question I think
there's probably two things to say on
that one is that the sort of seeds of
the current crisis if you like on many
currency crisis well obviously sown
during the kerchner years the two
successive curtain of governments where
fiscal policy was extremely loose
balance of payments pressure started to
build and high inflation was entrenched
and the second reason I think is that
President Macri for all the sort of
rhetoric and the optimism in financial
markets he simply hasn't made enough
progress or moved quickly enough to
actually address the underlying economic
vulnerabilities financial markets were
extremely upbeat and optimistic about
Argentina's prospects when maca came to
office but it was an extremely difficult
task that he had on his hands and he
simply we don't think he's moved as
aggressively enough or quickly enough in
order to address these economic
vulnerabilities that still exist
Edward glossop good to speak with you
thanks very time thank you and finally
one of the world's fastest-growing
tourist destinations South Africa hosted
the continents biggest travel trade show
this week but another key industry is
hurting the growth of the tourism sector
and Jazeera's Malcolm Webb reports from
a tuba tuba
it's the first time the Madikizela
family has visited a Wildlife Park the
fishery in philosophy arcs a few hours
drive from their home in South Africa
it's the continents oldest reserve
famous for its zebra leopards and herds
of endangered white rhino it's been
beautiful you know it's a great
experience to see these things live
rather than seeing them in television
the parked wildlife and vast stretches
of untouched wilderness attract tens of
thousands of visitors from all over the
world every year most of the surrounding
countryside is also pristine but not all
of it just four kilometres from the park
is this an opencast coal mine it's been
here for more than 10 years and the
company that runs it now wants to expand
right up to the parks boundary people
living around here complain of the
frequent blasting and coal dust and in
the park the manager says if the mine
comes into its buffer zone it'll be
disastrous elephants which are sensitive
to sound
we've got crocodiles so if there's
disturbance elephants cannot communicate
if this disturbance and explosives
crocodiles will abandon their nests and
so forth this wilderness era once it's
gone it's it's you will never cover it
the managers of the mining company
called them Delhi say they're looking
into using digging machines instead of
blasting and they say they employ more
than a thousand people from the
community and more if they expand the
tourism creates thousands of jobs in the
surrounding area selling services and
goods such as handcraft as well as the
1,600 people employed in the park itself
jobs the conservationists say under
threat if the mine expands the municipal
mayor doesn't agree he backed the
expansion if 42 percent of our of our
youth is unemployed it's a time ticking
bomb if such has come in around them
tuba tuba
they just negotiate and see how they're
going to help our people because we want
to see them getting job opportunities
putting food on the table
$10 coal mines one of many
cases in South Africa and across the
continent when mining conflicts with
conservation and the tourism it brings
extractive industries make up about
thirty percent of Africa's GDP about
four times as much as tourism but
campaigners say the sector's blighted by
corruption and benefits far fewer people
back in the park people working here
hope the mining won't thrive the
wildlife away and with it the tourists
and their jobs and that's our show for
this week as always you can get in touch
with us by tweeting me at TASM seeker
and use the hashtag a JCTC when you do
or drop us an email counting the cost at
al jazeera dotnet is our address there's
more for you on line at aljazeera.com
slash CTC that our take you straight to
our page which has individual reports
links and entire episodes for you to
catch up on that's it for this edition
of counting the cost I've had some
seeker from the whole team here thanks
for joining us the news on al Jazeera is
next
you
