supporters of East Timor parliamentary
majority alliance or a MP at a campaign
rally the opposition coalition has
prevented the government from passing
legislation and forced a new election
it's been peaceful organized there's
been heated rhetoric however that hasn't
translated to to any violence of any
sort today on the day of elections
we haven't noticed any major
irregularities it's been very peaceful
unemployment is high in East Timor life
expectancy is 68 years old 42% of people
live in poverty improving these numbers
are key campaign issues but over the
last year they've taken a back seat to
political wrangling a parliamentary
election 10 months ago ended with no
clear winner
the leftist freita land party won by
just 0.2 percent and received 23 of
Parliament's 65 seats and formed a
coalition to create a minority
government and the nation's first prime
minister mari Alkatiri was elected for a
second time the most important things in
government is improving development the
quality of development in the future as
well as development in all institutions
that they look to a brighter future
and second establishing relationships
when they were in countries in order to
strengthen mutually beneficial
corporation but Alkatiri never got the
chance
opposition parties conspired to make
sure his government couldn't get a
mandate and in January Parliament was
dissolved East Timor has a volatile
history more than 100,000 temari's were
killed or died from famine and disease
before the island nation achieved
independence from Indonesia in 2002 it
suffered through a mutiny gang and
electoral violence to receive the
highest rating for democracy in
southeast asian last year now it's up to
voters whether it stays on a path to
political maturity charlotte Bellis
algae's
