the Natural History Museum's Butterfly
Conservatory in New York offers a chance
to get up close and personal with some
of mother nature's most popular insects
from the Blue Morpho to the monarch this
annual exhibit has been wowing visitors
for twenty years would you like to have
oh it's amazing like this right now
Wow gorgeous they really like you I just
think they're playing beautiful powerful
lamps simulate the sunlight that streams
through a rainforest canopy at 27
degrees Celsius and 75 percent humidity
the environment is definitely tropical
in here on any given day you'll find up
to five hundred butterflies in the
conservatory and as many as a hundred
different species from as far away as
Australia and Africa because the average
lifespan of a butterfly is just two to
three weeks they're shipped to the
museum in the pupa stage emerging from
the chrysalis after they arrive it's a
chance to educate the public about the
threats they and all insects face from
the loss of their natural habitats to
pesticides people will only conserve and
protect things that they love and that
they they know something about and a lot
of people see insects and bugs of being
icky it gives us a chance to tell the
people things that apply to insects in
general particularly about conservation
and about the role of insects in the
environment and how beneficial they are
to us and how we need insects because
not only are butterflies beautiful but
also a harbinger of environmental
changes to come chrysten salumi al
Jazeera New York
