another day of searching and no one is
really sure of the number of people
still missing many of those found dead
so far have been children
it's a harrowing operation I may be
alive but my mom is gone my son is gone
I'm not lucky I feel so bad because the
place has grown so much but now we have
nothing again I will never have a good
life again
the focus of the rescuers is now much
further downstream below the hill the
surging waters had gained speed and
force then spread over this large area
as the searching goes on there's now a
growing clamor of questions over what
went wrong Kenya's Director of Public
Prosecutions has ordered the Chief of
Police
to open an investigation local media are
reporting that the Patel dam was
investigated by the National Water
Resources Authority and deemed unsafe
but no action was taken nor any follow
up by the authority aside from questions
over this there are seven other similar
dams in the area all of them used for
irrigating the crops the sprawl of
debris is where families once lived
whole homes swept away from the air you
get some idea of the scale of this
tragedy the dam is almost fully drained
downstream the waves of floodwater
gained momentum and later spread out
inflicting much more devastation over a
wider area area facade is a long stretch
from the dam area down stream we are
also looking for the families that they
were missing we're hoping the tracing
desk
Charles kimono already knows he's lost a
family member
his sister 50 year-old Nancy muna this
was her home we heard about the flooding
came to look for my sister we looked
everywhere we only found her body hours
after the water receded my job a pizza
hopper
Bernhard Mankato works at a village
clinic
he's trying in vain to clear things up
ALPA report I lived here with my
colleague there were many houses around
us and this is where many people were
swept away the Kenyan Red Cross is
describing the floods as a national
disaster with more than 300,000 people
now homeless and what happened in Nakuru
County is a disaster all of its own
Andrew Simmons
al-jazeera Garissa County in Kenya
