the streets have been decorated swept
and cleaned the city of Juniper has been
preparing for weeks for the visit of
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi
people here hope this visit will cement
friendship between the countries most of
the people here are very much like our
neighbors across the border we want
everyone to live together in a friendly
environment the state visit is in
keeping with mr. Modi's Hindi Vata
politics he is visiting the hindu temple
of Janaki mythology has it that John
extorter Janaki the goddess Sita was
married to gorge Ron who was born in
Ayodhya in India a place whose symbolism
has been crucial to mr. Modi's Hindu
nationalism the relationship between
Ayodhya and Janakpur is unbreakable and
invincible on this day we are
inaugurating a direct bus service
between the two historical cities for
the provincial government mr. Modi's
visit is finally attracting the
attention the area deserves no this is
the time for us we want to just think
about development prosperity but while
John a pillar is celebrating Moody's
visit the jubilation is not shared by
people across the country trending on
Twitter is hashtag blockhead was a crime
mr. Modi referring to the crippling
border blockade imposed by India in 2015
the blockade was a response to Nepal's
new constitution which angered people in
jhana Puran elsewhere in southern Nepal
leading to protests in which over 40
people died the Indian government
responded to the unrest by blocking the
transfer of products across the border
for five months creating severe
shortages of essential goods across
Nepal the impact of the blockade has
opened the path for neighboring China to
step in producing India's influence in
nepali politics china is offering major
infrastructure investments as a part of
its one belt one Road initiative and
that makes India feel strategically
threatened but some commentators say
that the geopolitical change is a good
opportunity for Nepal we need
connectivity with both China and India
India has agreed to build road and rail
links and a fuel pipeline China is also
trying to get India
bored with the China Nepal railway and
Nepal can help in that it might seem
ambitious but Nepal can slowly exercise
its position to build economic ties with
both countries it is unlikely that this
two-day visit will eliminate the
resentment many Nepal E's feel over the
blockade but for most people in this
province mr. Modi's visit is an exciting
day on the big international stage and
for the Nepali government balancing both
the giant neighbors and doing
infrastructure deals is crucial for
national development sabina shrestha
al-jazeera Zana poor
