um scent and light these are the media
of designers looking to engage all five
senses in an exhibit called design
beyond vision
so what do we have here so this is an
installation called the snow storm it's
no storm and what you'll find here are
over 150 wool snow balls that are each
impregnated with the smell of winter
weather meant to evoke a mood or play
with perception the cooper-hewitt Design
Museum encourages visitors to do more
than just look in these chairs patterns
of vibrations create feelings like
falling into a vat of jell-o we
experience design with all of our senses
at all times so we're constantly
touching and smelling and hearing and we
really wanted to bring that experience
into the galleries and to offer visitors
a way to look at just everyday products
and packaging designs as well as
immersive experiences around design to
begin to think about this idea the
designer of this exhibit was counting on
the fact that just about everyone who
sees this blackfur has the same reaction
to stroke it which triggers this musical
number
I just got the fur and made some music
and I thought gee that's fun designing
for all five senses can also mean
reaching more diverse users it very much
is about the experience in your hand as
well as in your mouth like tableware
that uses color and form to guide people
living with dementia or vision loss it's
fantastic I mean it really opened my
mind to things that I'd never really
thought about people are making for more
inclusive design in a unique museum
experience
Kristen salumi al Jazeera New York
