Australia's government won't confirm
there is a refugee on hunger strike
inside this Sydney hospital nor that the
Iranian refugee inside Hamid is even in
Australia
this guy's 24 right he's a 24 year old
who has told people very close to him
that that body is finished the protest
outside is tiny seven people watched by
police officers in three cars that's as
much about secrecy as apathy few know on
its story his sister was raped on
Australia's refugee prison island of
Nauru in 2015 she was brought with her
brother and mother to Australia for
treatment um it's been locked in a
Sydney detention centre ever since his
hunger strike is his protest Hamid and
his family aren't the only refugees to
have been brought here from the Roo the
Australian government won't comment or
give any numbers that refugee advocates
say they think about 340 refugees have
been brought to Australia from the Roux
or Manus Island Australia's government
refuses to give what it calls a running
commentary so all the numbers in this
report come from refugees or their
supporters what is known is that in 2013
and 2014
Australia deported about 2,500 refugees
who had arrived on its shores by boat to
prison camps in Papua New Guinea and
Naru it said none would ever resettle in
Australia but some have been brought to
Australia to give birth or for serious
medical problems and then remained
hundreds more have been paid thousands
of dollars by Australia to return to
their countries of origin and 247 had
been resettled in the United States
after Donald Trump agreed to honor
Barack Obama's failure to Australia's
government despite describing it as a
dumb deal but most sent to Manus Island
on aru almost five years ago are still
there Iranians and Somalis make up more
than a third of those but since Donald
Trump's so-called Muslim travel ban none
of them have been accepted for US
resettlement this week Australia said
those rejected would have to stay in
Papua New Guinea or Naru despite those
countries saying they don't want them
we'll continue to look at third country
arrangements believe me Duford out
Hardman been working on this for a
number of years people aren't jumping
out of their skin to provide places and
that's the reality refugees on Manus
Island are approaching 300 days of
peaceful protests but very few
Australians know it that's exactly what
Australia's policies aim to achieve
Andrew Thomas al Jazeera Sydney
