a sober address to the Democratic
Republic of Congo and beyond
Ebola is back shared combat field dear
compatriots since Tuesday May 8th the
Democratic Republic of Congo is facing
an epidemic of Ebola virus disease that
constitutes an international public
health emergency health authorities only
confirmed the outbreak on Tuesday they
are alerted when news traveled from the
remote village of Bakura to the capital
Kinshasa that 17 people had died in the
last five weeks from symptoms aligned
with Ebola outbreak declaration occurred
after the lab results confirmed two
cases of Ebola the World Health
Organization is working closely with the
government of the DRC to rapidly scale
up its operations and mobilize health
partners using the model of a successful
response to similar outbreak in 2017
four people died in last year's event
but it's a recurrent threat the DRC has
now had nine Ebola outbreaks in the last
40 years it's one of the world's most
notorious diseases Ebola is highly
infectious kills half of its victims and
has no cure that will help to respond to
make sure that it will be Ebola passes
from its origin bats to humans through
bushmeat once in the population it
spreads through bodily fluids symptoms
evolve from a fever headaches and a sore
throat into organ failure an internal
and external bleeding health workers are
the most vulnerable being in close
proximity to the victims so far three
have been infected the w-h-o is trying
to support DRC's health workers by
sending in 50 experts and releasing 1
million dollars from an emergency fund
to stop it from spreading to surrounding
countries Nigeria is already taking its
own measures rolling out Ebola screening
at its border investigators will follow
anyone who has been exposed to the virus
for 3 weeks
the time it takes for Ebola to first
show symptoms burials will also be
monitored as the virus can easily pass
from the dead all part of an effort to
avoid a repeat of the 2014 Ebola
outbreak in West Africa which killed
more than 11,000 people
Charlotte Bellis al-jazeera
