cockpit video from Israeli warplanes as
they carried out the largest and most
prolonged airstrike in Syria since the
start of its civil war Israel says it
hit dozens of Iranian military targets
as well as five Syrian anti-aircraft
installations Israel says it was a
response after Iranian forces launched
20 rockets at Israeli targets in the
occupied Golan Heights we have made it
very clear that we are here to defend
ourselves those who started this round
of violence were the Iranians who
attacked Israel we responded accordingly
and we are now waiting to see how the
Iranians will respond Israeli forces in
the occupied Golan Heights were on alert
for any further response at the same
time local residents were told to go
about their business as normal schools
were open no restrictions placed on
large gatherings israel says of the 20
rockets that were fired towards the
occupied Golan Heights from Syrian
territory they all either fell in Syrian
territory or they were intercepted what
followed was a massive and prolonged
response from the Israeli Armed Forces a
real escalation in the kind of force
that Israel has so far been prepared to
use within Syria it's a message to deter
any further such action and it's also
making the most of an opportunity to do
as much damage to Iranian forces as
possible Israel's government has long
warned of a growing threat from Iranian
bases and missiles inside Syria it seems
to have decided to act sooner rather
than later
we have of course hit all the
infrastructure not all but almost all of
the Iranian infrastructure in Syria they
must remember the saying if it rains
here it will pour over there and I hope
that we finish this chapter and that
everyone got the message
syrian state media said syrian air
defenses had intercepted most of the
incoming rockets over the capital
damascus but also confirmed that a radar
station and a weapons storage site were
struck Iranian state television said
Syria had given a quote crushing
response to the Israeli attacks the
strikes were carried out hours after
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu was in Moscow saying he'd come
away confident that Russia would not
prevent what he called Israel's freedom
of action a day later a different tone
from the Russian Foreign Minister we see
this as a very alarming development we
believe that all issues must be resolved
through dialogue during our multiple
contacts with the leadership of both
Iran and Israel including during
yesterday's meeting between Putin and
Netanyahu we underline the necessity of
avoiding any actions that might be seen
as mutually provocative for now this
latest flurry of cross-border violence
has subsided but all sides are aware
that a new bar has been set for its
intensity and that it could also easily
rise again 'harry Forsett al Jazeera in
the occupied Golan Heights
