the political parties here in northern
Iraq all say they're Kurdish first Iraqi
second flags and posters display their
patriotism proudly but for the first
time in 15 years
the Kurdish regions political parties
are divided the two main political
parties the Kurdistan Democratic Party
and the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan
haven't been able to find common ground
and the smaller ones haven't chosen
sides they all face internal divisions
and disagree on how to deal with the
federal government in Baghdad the KDP
says that any lack of unity will hurt
Kurdish interests earlier we were united
we were stronger in Baghdad but after
that after what happened inside the puk
when mr. president Jalal Talabani became
sick there were no main powerful person
that you can talk to or you can get the
decisions from the second reason of
course it was all it is what happened
between Baghdad and Erbil the UK leaders
deny they've broken into factions and
hope Kurds can unite after Saturday's
election if not they say they'll form
other alliances in Mohali c'mon you
create interesting money could
understand it's unfortunate that we are
divided but the puk is united and we are
hoping after the elections all of the
kurds will unite if we don't we will
form alliances with others to make sure
the Kurdish voice is heard concern about
the division is all over social media
here in the Kurdish region but it's not
just the electorate that are worried
even political experts wonder what
happens next we can see actually two
directions one of the directions may be
after the election it will be very
difficult to have all the voices of the
let's say political party in Kurdistan
in general but through commands and
kudos and Christians together or maybe
this election actually bringing all the
political parties together to have a new
government in Baghdad the division in
Kurdish politics is all the more
surprising
because last September the Kurdish
region voted almost unanimously for
independence from Iraq since then
disagreements have become more public
and more vocal causing many to fear that
the Kurdish voice will be weakened in
the corridors of power of the federal
government in Baghdad
Imran Khan how does era Erbil
