it was a long day for maja Tiye Muhammad
has he waited to be sworn in by the king
of Malaysia as Prime Minister for the
second time
the ceremony was expected the morning
after the election but following
apparent delays it happened a few
minutes before 10:00 in the evening saya
ma there been one man afterwards he
spoke of the achievement and what's to
come for those supporters there was
excitement tinged with disbelief that
Malaysia was finally seeing a change in
government after 61 years in power by
the ruling coalition maha Tia could be
regarded as the puppet master of
Malaysian politics in Wednesday's
election he defeated the party he used
to lead it's now led by Najib Razak the
politician Maha Chia hand-picked to be
Prime Minister and is now embroiled in a
corruption scandal Najib denies
involvement
Mattia is now in coalition with Anwar
Ibrahim the Deputy Prime Minister he set
in 1998 Anwar is serving a five-year
jail sentence for sodomy charges he says
are politically motivated Maha Tia says
he'll seek a royal pardon for Anwar
which may allow him to become Prime
Minister
within two years leading up to this vote
and on Election Day when it became clear
that this was going to be a close race
there was concern about exactly how this
would unfold depending on who would win
would there be protests or violence on
the streets there's been no sign of that
in
only celebrations the delays to the
swearing-in ceremony would have created
a few nerves within the government in
waiting and its supporters fearful of
last-minute tricks ruining their party
but the transition was smooth which in
itself is remarkable given the high
stakes the characters involved and their
intertwined history Wayne hey al Jazeera
Kuala Lumpur
