back in the United States it's been more
than a year since Kim hak Song and Tony
Kim have seen their families for Kim
dong-chul it's been even longer he was
imprisoned in North Korea two years ago
forced to do hard labor after being
convicted of espionage speaking through
a translator
Kim described his treatment in North
Korea forced to work but also treated
well when sick we were treated in many
different ways for me I had to do a lot
of labor but when I got sick I was also
treated by them the release of the three
Americans is being viewed by the White
House as a goodwill gesture by North
Korea's leader was excellent to these
three incredible people they are really
three incredible people the release of
the three Americans is a product of
negotiations ongoing with the United
States and North Korea but it is also a
prelude to the upcoming summit between
Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim
jong-un a summit that Trump says he
hopes will yield even greater results
Trump says his primary goal is to
achieve complete denuclearization of the
Korean Peninsula it is looking forward
to his upcoming summit with Kim with
optimism I really think he wants to do
something and bringing a country into
the real world US Secretary of State
Mike Pompeo has made two trips to North
Korea it's during his most recent visit
that Kim reportedly accepted the u.s.
proposal to grant amnesty to the three
detainees
the time and date of the summit has been
finalised but not yet made public it's
an announcement the White House says
will be made by early next week
Kimberly hellcat al Jazeera Andrews Air
Force Base
