there's is an unexpected love story
hadeel and Martha are both volunteer
medics treating the injured during the
weekly protests along Israel's fence
with Gaza they'd never met before the
first time she impressed me is when she
went directly to the borders and how
great she was to rescue one of the
Angels of defense that moment was
captured on video had deal signals to
the Israeli soldiers that she is a medic
coming to help collect an injured
protester I raised my hands to show the
soldiers that we are medics and to stop
shooting it was the first time I met
mine that was a really beautiful day for
me we work together to treat the injured
I felt something strange in my stomach a
producer sufferer tells her that strange
thing is called love my dear hadeel is
one of six sisters and three brothers
her parents are happy about the
engagement but even that is a challenge
in Gaza these days I never expected him
to ask me to marry him because our
families faces really tough financial
conditions but I feel God is
compensating me my life has been really
hard I don't want anything from life
except this they got engaged in the
medical tent where they met in hein
Yunus it's one of the five protest
points along Israel's fence
they often pass by here during the week
a few young boys and men remain and
sometimes their injuries Israel's fence
is only a few hundred meters away so
what now for this young couple now we
are focusing on the great march of
return but you know the economic
situation here is terrible there is no
work I need to make enough money for our
wedding which could take me one or two
years I say this even in the front of
head father I don't hide my situation
they don't get paid for their volunteer
work and it comes with real risk Israeli
snipers have shot emergency medics as
well as unarmed protesters and
journalists the protests are expected to
illuminate on May the 15th during what
Palestinians call the Nakba or
catastrophe it's the 70th anniversary of
the creation of the State of Israel I
deal in watt we'll be there to help
treat the injured and they fear there
could be many Stephanie Decker
al-jazeera hi newest Gaza
