protesting when Osiris against the
government of mauricio macri
it is against a recent race in the price
of utility services but also against the
recent announcement of a request of
financial help of the International
Monetary Fund this cannot continue the
government has raised the prices of
utility services as never before and now
an agreement with the IMF we know what
happens when we deal with the IMF it has
never ended well most Argentines are
shocked with the news that the
government is seeking financial help
from the International Monetary Fund
because it brings back memories of what
happened 17 years ago when Argentina
defaulted on its sovereign debt and
entered one of the worst crises in this
country's history many fear that an
agreement with the IMF will result in
harsher austerity measures that will
hurt the country's most vulnerable
Argentina is trying to cope with the
devaluation of the peso currency and
capital flight because a strengthening
US dollar it is affecting emerging
markets and especially a vulnerable
country like argentina that has been
struggling with double-digit inflation
rates and deficit for years we
understand that these days people are
upset afraid that this situation will
end up in a crisis like the ones we've
seen in the past or that it's going to
stop the process of change that we are
going through right now we have a strong
conviction that what we are doing will
end up in development and growth that we
have been waiting for for years
mcli says he's trying a gradual approach
to reduce the deficit but for many his
announcement is like going back in time
remedial Rubenstein
was part of the team that helped
Argentina negotiate with the world after
the crisis in 2001 parte de una
Argentina has been cautious with what is
happening in the world and it's trying
to get ready if the situation gets worse
the government has a clear road but it's
not enough if your macro economy is not
working
Matt reset inflation was going to be 20%
in 2016 and it was actually 40% they did
not believe that a rise in tyrus would
worsen inflation without credibility
Argentina is facing economic uncertainty
once again and while the government is
asking for international help on the
streets people are trying to make sure
that economic austerity won't come at
their expense Teresa Waugh al-jazeera
Buenos Aires
