you knew there were going to be protests
Jena Haspel is controversial she was in
charge of a secret prison in Thailand
when Abaddon al-rahim al-nashiri was
tortured but Republicans on the
committee across the board said that was
actually okay with them it's very easy
to sit back and criticize the work of
the agency with a benefit of hindsight
Hospital says she wouldn't torture
people now but Democrats were not
convinced do you believe in hindsight
that those techniques were immoral
senator what I believe sitting here
today is that I support the higher moral
standard we have decided to hold
ourselves answer the question senator I
think I've answered the question you've
not she went on to say that she doesn't
believe torture works but with a caveat
she never said what she supervised
waterboarding was torture we got
valuable information from debriefing of
al-qaeda detainees and I don't I don't
think it's knowable whether
interrogation techniques played a role
in that she had to answer for another
controversial move she sent the order
demanding 92 videotapes of people being
tortured destroyed she blamed her boss
and Republicans seemed convinced of her
innocence when holding you responsible
for drafting a cable at your boss's
Direction make any more sense than
holding a Senate speechwriter
responsible for the boring speeches
senators you have on the Senate floor
senator I'll defer to you some have
warned giving her the job would send the
message that the u.s. like President
Trump is okay with torture at least one
Democrat now says he doesn't agree
making it likely she will be the next
leader of the CIA Patti Colleen al
Jazeera Washington
