at a park in kuala lumper supporters of
the opposition alliance gathered as
counting began not knowing what the
night would bring but as unofficial
results started to come in the growing
anticipation of a major political upset
then on a crackly video linked an
appearance by the de facto leader of
this opposition movement the former
Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad for
unofficial counting that they are left
far behind and the likelihood is that
they will not be forming the government
the day began with Malaysia's embattled
Prime Minister Najib Razak voting in an
election seen as a test of his
credibility he was confident of victory
I believe the people would give a new
mandate to Barisan Nasional we cannot
vote based on slander of sedition
because the elections are not about that
he has been plagued by the scandal over
the government's 1mdb investment fund
that had hundreds of millions of dollars
allegedly misappropriated Najib denies
any wrongdoing but the controversy
brought the return of Maha Tia into the
political fray accusing his former
Protege of corruption at 92 he remains a
potent political force able to draw away
supporters from the traditional Malay
base that has kept the governing party
in power for six decades Malaysia is now
in uncharted territory and sure it seems
even how power is meant to be passed on
from one party to another as news began
to sink in about what was happening at
election council
the country so the crowd in this park
has swelled the mood turning to one of
euphoria the expectation that 61 years
of continuous rule by the same party
could be coming to an end on this one
extraordinary night tonight is a great
day riot I mean the people power is born
these are fantastic the moment they're
gonna forget maha ter now prepares to be
swarmed back into office a 92 year old
leader taking his country on a new
unprecedented course Rob McBride al
Jazeera while the Lanka
