air raid sounding in the
israeli-occupied Golan Heights rockets
fired from Syria Israel says some were
intercepted others caused damage to
their frontline positions the Israeli
army is attributing the attack to the
coots Brigade part of the Iranian
Revolutionary Guard Iran is an ally of
Syrian President Bashar al-assad and the
coalition says it didn't start this
fight
it says Israel fired shells at the Golan
border town of hon Anna Bay earlier on
Wednesday on Tuesday it blamed Israel
for this airstrike on a Syrian army base
south of Damascus that killed two people
the Syrian military says this video
shows that firing missiles in response
to Israeli attacks on Damascus suburbs
has made a hundred incursions certainly
dozen scores of them including just
yesterday I believe and so for a while
frankly I've been waiting for an Iranian
response Iran has increased its military
presence in Syria and with it increased
tensions with neighboring Israel it
escalated this week when US President
Donald Trump quit the Iran nuclear deal
referring to Israeli intelligence
documents that said Iran had been
pursuing nuclear weapons for years
something iran denies Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu has traveled to
Moscow to meet with Assad's ally Russian
President Putin
I presented Israel's obligation and
right to defend itself against Iranian
aggression from Iran from within Syrian
territory against the State of Israel
the Iranians declare their intention to
attack us they're trying to transfer
forces and deadly weapons there with the
explicit goal of attacking Israel as
part of their strategy to destroy Israel
earlier this week the Israel army warned
of an imminent attack the IDF has
detected a regular Iranian activity in
Syria as preparing the civilian
population on the Golan Heights
accordingly as well as defensive systems
any aggression against Israel will be
met with a severe response and now after
the Golan Heights attack Israel followed
through Syrian media broadcasting their
air defenses responding to attacks by
Israel rockets arching from one country
to another Israelis in the Golan Heights
and Syrians urged to find cover hoping
the assault doesn't escalate
Charlotte Bellis al-jazeera
