all his meetings with Vladimir Putin are
important said Benjamin Netanyahu before
flying to Moscow on Wednesday but this
one is particularly so for Israel's
prime minister arriving for Russia's
Victory Day military parade was an
astute courtesy call the holiday
celebrates the Soviet role in defeating
Nazism and Vladimir Putin believes the
world isn't grateful enough for Russia's
sacrifice especially you today some try
to efface from history the feet of a
nation but saved Europe and the world
from slavery from extermination from the
horrors of a Holocaust they tried to
distort the events of the war so that
the true heroes are forgotten and
history will be written the distorting
will never allow this to happen but
Netanyahu wasn't here to argue about
history he was here to talk about what's
happening now in Syria one of
Netanyahu's concerns is Russia's
intention to send the Syrians the s-300
air defense system the previous
generation of interceptor missiles he
watched dry past him when Moscow more
importantly he wants to know whether
Putin is still listening to his worries
about Iran it's difficult to believe
that 70 years after the Holocaust in the
Middle East there's a country that wants
to eliminate Israel it's a good occasion
to discuss this problem with you
Russia's military intervention in Syria
has succeeded in making it a relevant
power that governments in the Middle
Eastern region have to talk to now but
Moscow's finding that its partnership
with Tehran is testing the limits of a
previously decent working relationship
with Israel Jerusalem appears to be
reaching breaking points Israel has
already shown its readiness to strike
Iranian targets inside Syria on Tuesday
night there were reports of more
conflict direct constant between Israel
and Iran in Syria will be disasters for
Russia that's why Russia will do
everything to try to avoid this kind of
collision to use both military contact
and diplomatic contact a Russian
capacity is not unlimited
of course and in this regard change in
u.s. position and Iranian nuclear deal
might serve as a catalyst as a boost for
escalation in in the region indeed
following US president Trump's decision
to pull out of the nuclear deal with
Iran Israel stepped up military
readiness along the border with Lebanon
and the Golan Heights the Israelis think
attacks from Iran's regional proxies
such as Hezbollah are coming the Middle
East's complex patchwork of tensions and
conflicts could soon be even more
combustible whether Russia wants it or
not
Rory challon's al Jazeera Moscow
