I am for me okay and you're in a stream
today meet comedian podcast host and
activist Hari Kondabolu and I'm Molly
could be louder we're taking your
questions live for Hari on Twitter and
YouTube and for those of you who don't
know Hari his new Netflix special Warner
relatives was released globally this
week in it he reflects on everything
from Indians love affair with mangoes to
the trump presidency here's a clip I
don't think white people are used to
being called white people I use that
phrase a lot and you know the rest of us
have to be explained in some way right
but white people get to be fancy things
like people and humans so when they're
called white people there's some white
people who just aren't used to that
right and I see that the shows you'll
see like white people with their arms
folded like you say white people you're
talking about me you're saying white
people you must be talking about me if
you think I'm talking about you yes the
description what I love most about that
joke now is that when I look into the
audience you always see this hearty
Kondabolu joins us here on Sat welcome
to the stream welcome back to the stream
have me I'm good to have you so as we
saw there social justice racial justice
plays a key theme in your Netflix
special and that's one of the things
that apparently really resonates with
our online community who were also fans
of you so I want to pull up a tweet here
this is a B Scheck he says the racism
bit peppered throughout the show was
very well done
non preachy but making the right points
about racism and being racist
now there's one particular tom 1 picked
up on he actually sent us a video
comment because it resonated with him so
much this is dhruv my note he's a
student at Harvard University and this
is what he said about watching your
Netflix special how to listen
hey hurry I really enjoyed born your
relatives one of my favorite parts was
when you used hating firefighters
comment to give us
real commentary about police brutality
and justice and I realize that
throughout your special you use a lot of
your jokes to kind of make social
commentary like for instance the the
organ donation one and I was wondering
how you kind of approach that at that
and and how you write your jokes to have
like a meaningful impact so this could
be you giving away secrets how do you
Prezi in a library he's talking very
softly and and the jokes about loving
firefighters I think he might acid
hating but I think the key thing is just
like any other person you have
interesting conversations throughout the
day you have tons of thoughts like
you're a human being you think about
things the difference between I think an
artist and everyone else is everyone
else moves on with their lives right you
you go on you have lunch things happen
and that's it with artists you get
obsessed with that thought you get
obsessed with that idea you have to
write it down you have to think about it
over and over and over again and you
think about you know reconstructing it
and recontextualizing whatever that
thought or idea was to strangers most
people don't think about man I had a
lovely conversation with you I can't
wait to say the things I said to you
with someone else and that's what we do
and it's a very bizarre thing so I think
part of it is as as simple as keeping
track of the things you think about and
and being really vigilant about that so
I think that's that's one part and the
other part is knowing who you are you
know that's that it's not like I set out
to make comedy that involved social
justice issues I'm not gonna be I want
to be a social justice comic and I want
to be an activist and I want to use
comedy it's not that at all this is who
I am I actually care about these things
and I think when you can share what you
care about with a broad audience and be
able to make them understand it and
hopefully laugh at it that's I think
when you're successful you have to be
you on stage so this is me this isn't a
special political lens I put on this is
actually me sharing my beliefs and my
ideas and and using humor to cope with
things I'm frustrated about and as a
student do you actually had and study
for a BA in comparative politics yeah
you have a MA in human
rights from the London School of
Economics a lot of money was wasted
before I got here very impressive
degrees how did you then get from there
with a masters to doing stand-up now did
my mom send that question yeah one of
the criticisms of your comedy is you're
too smart yeah which is I don't think
I'm too smart I think that I really said
state of affairs if we think that but I
mean I you know I've always done comedy
comedy when I was 16 17 18 years old and
I planned to do it for the rest of my
life that doesn't mean I was going to do
it professionally I don't think that if
you're passionate about something you
have to make money doing it necessarily
nor did I think it was possible back
then there were no South Asians on
American television there was no South
Asians with comedy careers why would I
even think that so I did it I enjoyed
doing it I was an immigrant rights
organizer out of college in Seattle I
worked with people in detention who were
in the middle of deportation proceedings
people whose family members were you
know we're dealing with that I mean it
was intense hate crimes victims and I
did comedy at night and I did it because
I loved doing it
I did it just because it was a wonderful
thing to do and it was a great scene in
Seattle at the time and it took off you
know I stumbled into a career in comedy
and when I had these opportunities when
I got on television when I became when I
got a manager and I got attention you
know it took me a long time to decide to
actually pursue it because it felt like
it could just go away it wasn't
available to us but it felt like the
door was open and if I wasn't gonna make
an attempt to do it then I would regret
it later and I'm glad I you know I'm
glad I stepped through that door so you
mentioned your mom earlier joking about
her did she plant that joke this is
Stacy who picks up on that theme that
the theme of family that often makes its
way into your comedy Stacey says I like
just jokes about his parents cultural
expectations and it's mom's text message
his airport security jokes and his
material about race and white people he
pointed out true societal elements with
a sharp wit but he wasn't mean and of
course for all of our audience members
who aren't quite sure about these jokes
that steady minted Stacey mentions you
can you
check it out in Netflix it's available
to 180 countries but Stacey talks about
your mom is that an intentional thing or
is it just that you find her funny so
she comes up in your comedy
my mother's funny like it's not just me
I think objectively people who meet her
I think are charmed charmed by her she's
very quick I think so much of not only
like being witty comes from her but also
taking frustrating hard situations and
being able to turn that into something
positive how do you recycle pain and
turn into something that can bring joy
to yourself and other people and I think
my mom's had to do that and in some ways
to survive that's what a lot of us have
to do to survive when you're dealing
with different kinds of pain you talking
about your mom yes absolutely
let's have a look you know when you're
like an adult child and you like try to
push your limits with your parents and
and say like you know you're basically
acting like a jerk and you know you can
get away with it what are they gonna do
hit you you know I mean so I started
doing that with my mom I'm at home and
I'm like hey immigrant I'm hungry
immigrant feed me immigrant my mom walks
over to me looks me dead in the eye and
she says don't have children only stupid
people have children did you literally
write down word for word yeah yeah and
and now when I do it or when I tweet
something she says she's like stop
writing down everything that I'm saying
I'm not your material but she secretly
likes it I think you know because she's
she's really funny she's really
thoughtful and I think people have all
these preconceived notions about
immigrants especially older immigrant
women if your accent in particular like
you have whatever depictions you have
and like my mom's a complex person who's
lived in America longer than she's lived
in India at this point she's a US
citizen she's struggled she's raised
kids here her experiences aren't just
pain she's also funny you know they
aren't just struggle it's how you deal
with that struggle and so you know she's
grown in in 35 plus years and it's
really funny to see her kind of look
back on all of it another family member
who pops up in your comedy and who you
work with is your brother yes on your
Facebook page I found a couple of
pictures of you and your brother I just
want to help
that's essentially still going forward
me my god not not so fast what's your
relationship like how were you as little
kids and how are you now because you
work with your brother yes right now you
know we have the Kondabolu brothers
podcast and I feel like the dynamics of
the podcast are still very similar - I
mean it's still very much older brother
younger brother you know I'm the older
brother and and he's younger brother and
he's definitely a lot more I think
curious he needs to learn things for
himself and I'm cautious and I'm
constantly I'm much more anxious and
worried and that hasn't changed the same
way we were in that regard when we were
six on a bigger level were the same way
I mean what's nice is that you know we
grew up together we were inseparable but
as adults we've gone in different
directions we've done different things
what I love about the podcast is you see
two brothers who have you know similar
roots and certain core values but you
see how they're different and you see
how they can argue and discuss and talk
about things big and small and it's it's
so relatable just because we're family
more than anything else it's about the
podcasts about the connection of two
family members and the different
journeys they've been on and the fact
they're back in the same place bulu
Brothers podcast suntan's
man you know I this is hard because I
think it's hard for either of us to
relate to I don't get it it just feels
overrated and maybe that's just because
we've never had to try for it I mean so
what's the big deal if anything I find
it incredibly insulting right like it's
so hard to be a person of color the
darker you get and you're telling me you
just do it for fun right and when you do
it it's valued yes I'm doing it right
now yeah right now
no it's like a your skin looks great no
one's saying that but if it's a was the
beach yeah you're glowing
you're knocking at your own material I
mean I think most of the show honestly
it's him
like I think my job is to create some
foundation for the show and his job is
to go as far away from what I planned as
possible and just be free and my job is
to make it feel like a show and make the
audience think that we're actually in
control when we have no idea what's
about to happen but you know he's I
think has such an incredible mind and
it's really nice to have this podcast
out and have people discover how
brilliant I know my brother is a long
time ago you were working on a show
called totally biased oh and you did a
little sketch which was about a Simpson
character called a poo mmm I've heard of
things yes fast forward to a documentary
that came out in November when you were
telling a story about our poo and your
childhood
I'm just gonna say a little clip show a
little clip of the idea behind it
because the documentary is available in
the US not internationally so everybody
in /li can catch up with a problem with
a poo have a look I hate up who hate up
and because of that I just like the
Simpsons the whole series yeah I love
the Simpsons because you hate yourself
my name is Hari Kondabolu had a great
career filled with laughter critical
acclaim I should be completely happy but
there's still one man who haunts me
I'm poo Nahasapeemapetilon first
assistant get out and come again how
many of you had to deal with being
called a poo or that being referenced
The Simpsons
stereotypes we didn't have any other
representation kabi kabi kabi
delhi delhi
doctor you know a white guy does the
voice a white guy doing an impression of
a white guy making fun of my father how
do you feel about that oh I'm making a
movie about how much I dislike it right
away they were like so you had kind of a
who's who of South Asian American actors
and actors in that area here on Twitter
says what do you then say to people who
say up who is just a cartoon character a
voiceover meant to be funny and has been
a character for over 28 years so why
bring it up now I mean I think first of
all the film is about a certain period
of time it's about when a lot of us only
had one source of representation and
that representation was this cartoon
character and it wasn't even really just
a stand-in for us was more standing for
my parents and I really believe that
representation matters right
representation especially when you don't
know another person another culture
personally you figure that from
television and film you know that's the
way it's always been and we had no way
to respond to this right now we're in a
different era we have so many more South
Asian voices you know this is just one
of many but when you only have the one
and it's not controlled by you and you
can't reply to it it's very frustrating
and to me
it's part of a larger legacy of minstrel
see in this country it's not the same as
the history of like black minstrel see
in America but it's the same legacy of
this is going to be prosperous if we use
this face use this this ethnicity as a
prop to make people laugh to sell a
product it's in that vein and to me it's
like fine if you're gonna do that can we
make money off talking about our own
experiences or we love to share our own
genuine stories now we're beginning to
and I don't think that's just because
diversity is important we have to push
it it's because we you know people and
Hollywood found out that we have money
too and we'll spend it and we just want
stories that relate to us so I think
it's important cuz I think for me it's
less about that food and it's less about
the Simpsons it's a case study that I'm
that I'm comfortable with because it's
from my my past and it's also an example
that's both the past and the present
there's very few examples that of art
that last 30 years and it's a way of
saying this is how that got made
this is why it's unacceptable now and
here's the background of it how do we
prevent things maybe not exactly like
this but things that aren't fair and
representative of people's experience
how do we prevent that from happening
again
so most people in our community are
completely on board with what you just
said I would agree I want to share one
view though and manic is not alone here
this is manna Govinda and this is what
he had to say there are a few other
people who tweeted in similar comments
but have a listen to what he told the
stream from for my point of view he's a
an American Hero
a self-made immigrant why reduce a very
complex Indian character just because he
has a strong Indian accent done
voiceover by Hank Azaria you know who's
not Indian
it seems senseless to me I do not find
it offensive and I speak also from
someone of South Asian origin as an
immigrant from a working-class Indian
ancestry background while reducing to
one-dimensional stereotype he's asking
me why I reduced Appu a fictional
character that's drawn and voiced by
someone else how I made him
one-dimensional okay first of all he's
British so like the experiences of
people living in the UK and living in
the u.s. are different and complex and
in different ways I don't know what
representations you've had in the past
but certainly you got goodness gracious
me and a bunch of other shows before we
did so in the office about the
stereotypical characters from the 1970s
and 1980s cigarettes right which were
exactly like a pool for different and
there were more of them at the time yeah
this is one piece yes it's the same
discussion probably that happened then I
would imagine like it was normal someone
probably complained oh shut up this is
just part of can't you take a joke I can
take a joke but what am I gonna be able
to reply and it took me 30 years to
reply so you know the character it's not
one-dimensional he's right on that but
it began as a one-dimensional character
and it wasn't given depth the character
began as Hank Azaria does the voice in a
room everyone laughs okay let's make him
Indian even though they knew it was
cliched and they added depth to their
credit to this character now if there
were other characters and other voices
and other Experion
that's different this is all there was
that's the biggest critique and also to
say that you know I'm not giving this
cartoon enough credit I just give us
more credit I give my people more credit
that we have the ability to make much
more complex images than that so whether
they keep this character on the show or
not I don't care it's been thirty years
it's not really important I happen to
love The Simpsons and I don't naturally
hate that character I'm pointing out
that it was it was difficult for that
period of time and you might think well
it's better now well not if you're like
you know a queer person of color queer
South Asian if you're a female you know
South Asian if you're you know South
Asian woman if you're if you're trans if
you're LGBTQ if you're an immigrant
where are your stories where are your
stories then that's the same issue we
don't we still don't have that fair
representation that you brought that up
where are your stories and the fact that
this documentary was your reply because
this is some of the comments Maga this
is shibir who says you're representing
our faces our features our stories our
voices our families and you're doing it
wrong and that's a quote from from the
documentary he says that's a quote that
resonated with me just wondering if
there's anything that Hari sees that's
leading the charge to correct this
narrative from the South Asian community
in TV and film before you answer we
actually got an answer from that
community from a film producer and he
sent us a video comment this is Adi
Shankar out of California and here's
what he said we launched a stream
writing contest to to crowdsource a cure
to this problem you see right now The
Simpsons is is sick The Simpsons is a
predominantly male Harvard grad writers
room of these folks who
black perspective and suffer from
groupthink and what we want is is
writers we want writers to send us spec
episodes of the citizens that deal with
this uh problem in a fun way in an
interesting way something that actually
makes it you know authentic satire
something that that that is actually
clever in well-written so he actually
launched this crowdsourcing
screenwriting contest there's a headline
of it here and the actual contest you
can find online
it is here cover fly the output screen
writing contest what do you think about
I I think it's well intentioned and you
know I think it came from a good place
but I think it misses the point
completely I don't want to play with old
white people's toys I want my own toys
like I don't need to try to fix a show
that was not made for me and I love the
Simpsons but it's it's irrelevant it's
not even if this was 25 years ago we're
having a different discussion I want us
to tell our stories I want to create the
settings I want to own the properties I
want to write the scripts I don't mean
me personally but I mean people of color
women queer people trans people I want
us to control our stories and that's
much bigger and and I think Adi knows
that because he himself as a producer
and has done some great work and I think
that you know his work that he's done
outside of this I think is what we need
we need more of that we need more people
to actually own the things we're
creating and not just like owning our
stories they they belong to us and
telling them I put literally owning it
like actually getting money out of it
and and proving that we can produce this
and then therefore we can produce even
more honest work this is a remarkable
conversation you started back in
November with a problem with a poo yeah
that documentary I want to bring
everybody bang up-to-date this was at
6:56 a.m. earlier on today reminder for
day 475 of Trump presidency this is not
normal and normal wasn't that great
either you've been doing this every day
yes and this is the important thing I
tweet every day the simpsons business
it's fun and it's pop culture and it
speaks to some important issues
regarding representation but I worried
the film wouldn't come out before the
world and
and that I feel like is the more
pressing part you know every day is
another scandal and every day we get
lost because we had something yesterday
but I forgot what yesterday scandal was
because there's something else today and
I can only imagine with you to have to
deal with being in the news industry the
intensity of the stories coming in but I
you know this to me it's important and I
did from the first day that he was you
know the day he was inaugurated like
okay I don't want to get used to this I
don't want us to say president Trump and
forget how that happened and why that
happened in the conditions that led to
it and I don't want to think this is the
way it's always been and it hasn't you
know I think history is important
context is important and you know that's
why I do it every day and it's a
terrible reminder every morning I have
to wake up or like I got to put the
tweet out I got to read the thing and
put the tweet out again you actually
retype it out from scratch I didn't want
to schedule them I want to force myself
to do it in some weird masochistic like
I'm gonna have to deal with it but let's
at least feel like at least I'm in
control of one thing regarding this
whole thing during the day that's why I
do it every day
I think that is why some people online
say that you are part of this resistance
this is Christa Blackman she says
watching Hari Kondabolu on AJ stream
talk about not putting on a political
lens for his stand-up and this is why
he's so effective as a social justice
comic it's organic to who he is so we
actually got a video comment from
someone who feels similarly and she has
some some questions about your next
steps this is canon have listened I just
wanted to say I'm a huge fan of your
work and I am really enjoying the
Kondabolu brothers podcast you are both
so funny and I had a quick question for
you I was wondering if you had any plans
to do any kind of like follow-up or
other documentary type movies like the
problem with the poop it was really
interesting and I would love to see more
I never want to talk with this cartoon
character ever again okay it's I didn't
think it would take this much of my life
because it when I made the the film it's
interesting it was already kind of an
old issue for me and a lot of people in
our community this is not new
you know I made a joke on The Daily Show
like I wanted to call the film I have to
explain this to you like it seems so
straight accessible it was accessible
conversations before but this is
accessible who doesn't know approved
right but I think there's a difference
as an artist like it does it doesn't
really push me do you want I mean like
this is you know I mean like and I I
really love the fact it's being used in
college classrooms and in high schools
and in trainings and I really do
appreciate that but as an artist I want
to I want to push myself a little
further than something that you know I
already I didn't need I had to do some
research but I already knew the story
before I did it like it was kind of like
okay like this I knew what pieces were
there and let's let's let's look it up a
little bit but yeah I mean to me doing
another documentary is possible but I
don't think I want to go into this
particular topic I want to I want to
create the art and not just reflect on
the art yeah for our audience who are
watching right now let me tell you all
of the things that Harry is on right now
these projects so on Netflix look right
down here in 180 countries you can see
warn your relatives Chris Rock told me
not to use that Hari Kondabolu is going
to be in Ann Arbor doing a comedy
showcase if you're in the States from
Friday and Saturday on Sunday if you're
in New York you can see him and his
brother working on their podcast in
Brooklyn and if you're on YouTube or you
are online stay with us just for you
YouTube viewers we are going to have an
extra 10 minutes if you want to ask
Harry anything go to aljazeera.com
forward slash the stream and Malika and
I and Harry will see you right there
you
you
hello youtube this is exclusively for
you ten minutes of malika myself and
Hari Kondabolu I like to think of this
as hurry unplugged shall we start with a
clip
alright what do I have my lucky person
our still well we bleeped up a little
bit in there in this clip but it's a
great one it's about what liberal means
liberal people how do they act how they
behave
have a look I had offered a gig recently
in North Carolina and I was really
nervous about it right and some of that
has to do with my own preconceived
notions and fears about the South you
know because I've read American history
and to some of it's on me and
my friends from North Carolina and he's
like hurry you're being ridiculous
you're performing in Asheville
Asheville's the most liberal part of
North Carolina and I'm like I don't know
what that means
they sent me they call the ambulance
after the hate crime what does real
loving hear but it's a dark laugh I just
want to show everybody this because they
may have missed this with your next
week's special the title and then
underneath it very subtly this might
kills fun okay this is your work is that
your activism at work I mean it's a
reference one jealous time I mean Dylan
had his guitar and he said like this
Machine Kills faster so it's a little
it's it's a wink and certainly it you
know knowing what error that I'm in it
was a wink to the people that do the
work and saying like you know I don't
consider this part of the work but if
this helps your work then then I feel
good about that
Malika so we got a long chain of
comments on a specific part of your
stand-up okay it is about a food right
here most people love it but every check
rate right here says why did you let
everyone in on our mango love for our
audience that doesn't quite understand
what he means can you briefly explain
for us without ruining your joke sure I
mean basically I talk about how there's
all these stereotypes about South Asians
and I say specifically Indian in in the
in the in the piece I wanted to see
South Asian but like I didn't want to
have to explain South Asian and I have a
limited amount of time and so my bad
everyone Pakistani Sri Lankans
Bangladeshis you're in on this too I
know all the people from diaspora you
know but I just talked about how Indian
people love mangoes and that's a
stereotype you don't talk about enough
and I talk about how we love it and how
we eat it and how will suck the seed to
get every little ounce of it and the
questions fair how why did you let
everybody in on it I was weak I wanted
to laugh
I sold us out the South Asian Illuminati
is not happy about my choices to share
that information but I felt it was in my
best interests and and I think in the
long run I think it'll be in also my
best
interest so this is Erie here and her
thoughts on it she says it seems to be a
universal South Asian experience as you
mentioned our family are just as
enthusiastic about mangoes as Hardy says
his family is also it's the childhood
memories associated with it like the
story of my grandmother locking us in a
room so we could enjoy mango in peace so
clearly it's resonating with people but
I do wonder when when you bring up
family memories and you bring up
personal things in your comedy what do
those people think about being in there
and being laughed at I mean I tried like
when I talk about my mother I put my
mother in a position of power right so
she's not getting laughed at she's the
one in control and if she's making fun
of someone it's usually me or my father
or my brother so you know I make sure
she's she's empowered in those
situations and you know I'll talk to my
dad and my dad he's fine with it
I think he's just happy I'm on TV so I
think every it doesn't matter how I got
there as long as I'm on TV he's okay
with it and so I I try to run things by
people before I like decide to go if it
feels like it could be a deeper cut but
yet I mean they're pretty good about it
and I think it's important to do I think
that if I want to talk about these
bigger issues people need to know where
it's coming from you know I think that's
what helps the most I think with this
kind of art where you're trying to talk
about big things that might be sensitive
will let people know why they should
like you and why they can relate to you
before you explain to them why you might
have a difference of opinion there are
two phrases that come up a lot when you
do your standup
white people uh-huh white privilege yeah
I'm thinking cuz you have quite a broad
audience that come to see you yeah what
is it like are these up people who I had
trouble saying because I don't like the
phrase black people sure because it's
like you people over there yeah yeah but
do people start to squirm yeah a little
bit I mean I'm not the first time it
kind of depends on the city in some
cities it's like ah five was the limit
wasn't it once I hit the fifth white
people it's like nah tweet maybe I'll
white it out let's move on to the next
thing but yeah I mean I think it's
important because to me it's the given
and it shouldn't be a given right like
whiteness and Americanists and humanity
are all grouped as one and they're not
and they should not be seen as that
and for me that
little bit of discomfort is just a piece
of the experience that people who are
marginalized have when the world is not
made for them
and that could be any culture but I'm
specifically talking about this one and
what it feels like to be a non-white
person in a world that's not made for
you and even if they say it's a melting
pot it's all you know it's for everyone
we're all American well that it doesn't
the media doesn't seem to indicate that
I'm equal in that regard you relish it
that's the real relish when you sit
feels good I mean it feels good when
people are in my corner and it kind of
feels good in a different way when
they're not because it's a hole that
I've dug that I have to get myself out
of and as a creator of art that's a
challenge you know and more times than
not now I can get myself out of it there
was a time where that was not the case
all there have been too many there have
been too many shows where you know you
just you're going through the motions
and you keep telling yourself my skin
will get thicker by doing this show even
if no one's laughing even if people are
uncomfortable and at the end of the day
I realize like if something awful
happens it's just material for later
that's the most refreshing thing if
someone yells something out if someone's
mean-spirited I okay if you can do me a
favor and write it down and hand it to
me it'll be easy for me to repeat later
because that's what's gonna end up
happening so for the whenever I get
criticized you know so much might have
his act is talking about white people
being racist towards I mean I'm like
well then stop writing that those jokes
for me like stop being racist now move
on to something else so you talked about
the bigger issues and I want to pivot to
that a little bit further but as we
begin that discussion I have to pull us
back a little bit and mention up who
again and I know that we've been over it
but we got so many comments from our
community this is a thing they want to
talk about so I wanted to share this
video comment with you it's from Imran
Siddiqui he's also a filmmaker and a
writer and here's what he had to say as
someone who grew up in a Springfield in
Illinois you know often thought about my
experience when watching The Simpsons
but beyond the way that Appu is
marginalized it's also the fact that it
is a show centrally about white people
you know the same white people who are
in power in the real springfield and and
then in particular it's straight whites
is
able-bodied men and you know as a result
black and brown women are pretty much
non-existent on screen or off screen
behind the scenes on the show so I'm
wondering how does this show address
these broader issues of representation
inclusion when it's been crafted from
such a limiting perspective to begin
with and and secondly you know is it
worth reconsidering the show status is a
great comedy or satire when it hasn't
budged from that status quo perspective
of you know of white men for decades I
mean first of all he has wonderful hair
and great glasses I mean they look like
mine so it's still yeah anyway but yeah
I mean at first I think he I remember
him wrong sadiki's Nima thank you for an
article that expressed a lot of these
issues and it was very well done I think
his first point is yes having a very
white older writers room Middaugh low to
be shut off and not being able to accept
the opinions of others that doesn't help
comedy you know I think the more wider
range of ideas you can put forth the
more you can talk about and make fun of
and observe like if you're using the
same 8 or 9 ideas or the same 8 or 9
stereotypes you're gonna run out I mean
that's why I think racism is hacky so I
think yeah I think it does themselves a
disservice first of all and with regards
to it being viewed as one of the great
American satires no I don't think it
loses that status you know I think that
it's still I mean it took a little bit
of a hit this last couple of years and
unfortunately think I might have had
something to do with it but you know I I
don't think it I don't think that that
like it's lost because those tools that
I was taught by watching that show I'm
using strangely in some ways against the
show but like that's what it means when
you're you know incredibly influential
you know you you know I was taught to
criticize pop culture and be critical
about everything because I watched that
show every day as a kid I watched The
Simpsons
every day so no I don't think it loses
its status but times change and we're
waiting for the next big things to come
up and look because so many of our
voices were suppressed that means that
those voices are the new
cutting-edge voices that we need now the
new voices in some ways were the old
voices that were not allowed to be heard
I'm glad you said that the cutting-edge
voices because we got this on youtube
live funky says I think it is up to the
consumers of the media to make the
changes from the ground up Hollywood
isn't going to fix a money-making
machine unless people demand something
different and one more comment I wanted
to bring in they're saying something
similar the yeah it says funky he
replied to that person earlier says the
status quo seems hesitant to embrace and
nurture the next generation of creators
and their totality so my question is is
it their responsibility their
responsibility is to make money and
they're failing on the responsibility
because their responsibility as
capitalists is to make as much money as
they possibly can in their industry and
they're recycling the same things over
and over again and whenever people open
the door up a little bit they realize oh
there's a new money stream here there's
many money streams we call them
communities but they might refer to them
as money streams and so it's not in
their best interest to ignore us also
you know I don't think it's just the
consumer you know it's part of the thing
but there are so many there was a time
where people would say things like well
if you don't like it why don't you make
something else yourself and that would
be absurd like how are we gonna make
something ourselves how are we gonna get
something on television how do we have
the money to make it happen
those days are over like you can make it
yourself our phones are better than some
of the cameras we had 30 years ago we
all have editing equipment and we can
make our stories in if they're good and
if they get seen people will come
knocking not because you're this
incredible talent and they want to share
your talent because there's money to be
made so you know find those independent
artists support those independent
artists more than ever there actually is
an impact and people are looking
Hollywood they go with the safe bet the
reason why they don't pick maybe people
of color right off the top exciting
whites a safe bet because white has been
a safe bet white men have been a safe
bet so we still are in that phase where
we have to prove that we can make the
money and that we're worth giving
exposure to but we have the tools now so
you know to support those artists
there's a ton there ton of people on
YouTube there's a ton of musicians and
independent artists and comedians that
need people going to their shows and
supporting them because
people will come knocking people will
come knocking in it I hate to be cynical
but it's about money
I'm just looking at your website and you
have the official trailer for Netflix on
your website right here warn your
relatives on Netflix you can see
internationally a new spring tour so
you're on tour right now you have your
podcasts with your brother so that I
think the last recording is on Sunday
this right now and Brooklyn yeah and
then you're actually I'm not sure if I'm
even allowed to say that there's a pilot
that you're doing in LA
yeah that's not that is not official so
nothing's happening in LA nothing's
happening in LA YouTube's off the record
right post show needs to know about but
this is an exciting time at a good time
it's so much happening it's a good time
I mean to me like I think I've gotten
I've been in this long enough to know it
like until it's signed sealed and
delivered they're just a bunch of
possibilities but the one thing I feel
that I I can control is my stand-up
that's the one thing that is
direct-to-consumer go onstage I can say
whatever I want and it can't be filtered
and to me that is always good that it
will always be the bread and butter for
any comedian you know that and stand-up
in so many ways it's always a step or
two ahead of rest of the industry
because we're not dependent on others
and their money to put his foot put its
forward we can like put it ourselves for
we can film our sets we can put them
online and they'll come to us so I
really do feel that stand-up is the
first line it's been a pleasure we have
to jump off YouTube but not before
Malika this well I requested it I had to
get in here this is yeah fanon who is
watching us live on YouTube thanks for
watching f and it says I have to check
this guy out
hopefully he is not so afraid of the
South anymore comedy show thank you so
much thank you for having me thank you
so much come back when you're super
super super super famous thank you
helped me get there sooner
thank you so much for watching on
YouTube and that's a wrap
