the u.s. pulls out of the Iran nuclear
deal Europe and others stay in saying it
is working so what will be the impact of
Donald Trump's decision will it as
feared stoke more Middle East conflict
this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program
I'm Mohammed Jim Jim a horrible
one-sided deal that should have never
ever been made that's what President
Donald Trump said when he announced he
was pulling the u.s. out of the
international nuclear pact with Iran and
he's reimposing sanctions on Tehran
Trump has the backing of Saudi Arabia
the United Arab Emirates and Israel but
not China Russia the UK France or
Germany who all signed the deal and
wanted to survive this is how Iran's
supreme leader reacted to Trump's
decision
Gerome ruko had fought for his chief the
US president made worthless Amin remarks
there are probably 10 lies amongst his
comments he announced Washington's
withdrawal from the nuclear deal and
threatened Iran and its ruling system
and said they would do this and that on
behalf of the Iranian nation I say mr.
Trump you cannot do a damn thing after
much anticipation US President Donald
Trump made good on a signature campaign
promise solidifying his America first
agenda I am announcing today that the
United States will withdraw from the
Iran nuclear deal this was a horrible
one-sided deal that should have never
ever been made the u.s. negotiated the
agreement with Iran in 2015 along with
the United Kingdom France Germany China
and Russia to limit Iran's nuclear
program in exchange for sanctions relief
with the announcement the United States
now reimpose --is tough economic
sanctions on Iran's oil and banking
sectors that had been lifted
arguing Iran did not live up to its end
of the agreement we have definitive
proof that this Iranian promise was a
lie
even though US intelligence the United
Nations and European allies maintained
Iran has been compliant under the
agreement Trump cited a recent Israeli
report that Iran had not been truthful
about its activities before entering
into the deal Trump also argues the
agreement should have dealt with Iran's
military
suits in the region and its ballistic
missile program Capitol Hill the top
Senate Democrat disagrees and to me the
right thing to do would have been to try
and come up with our allies with an
agreement on those issues and let the
nuclear part of this continue as is
because it's not being violated in any
way Trump's predecessor Barack Obama the
man who oversaw the deal called Trump's
decision a serious mistake
in a statement Obama said without the
agreement the United States could
eventually be left with a losing choice
between a nuclear-armed Iran or another
war in the Middle East deed former
Democratic presidential candidate Bernie
Sanders believes the United States is
already on that path the road to the war
in Iraq did not simply begin in 2003 it
was laid down brick by brick over a
number of years ironically as the
president tore up the nuclear deal with
Iran Secretary of State Mike Pompeo was
on his way to North Korea laying the
groundwork for a nuclear deal with
Pyongyang
president Trump indicated the United
States is willing to negotiate a new
deal with Iran but he says his decision
also signals the United States will no
longer make what Trump calls empty
threats
Kimberly halc√≥n al Jazeera at the White
House
we'll get to our guests in a moment but
first let's have a closer look at the
deal which requires Iran to
significantly limit its nuclear program
in return for the lifting of economic
sanctions that includes Iran reducing
the number of its centrifuges the
machines used to enrich uranium and
keeping enrichment levels at three point
six seven percent below what's required
to make nuclear bombs the Fordow nuclear
reactor one of the country's biggest
underground plants is to be used only
for non-military research there's to be
no building of any heavy water plants
for 15 years and the one at Arak
redesigned so it produces less plutonium
and inspectors from the International
Atomic Energy Agency to have access to
all Iran's declared facilities and help
with an inquiry into past design work on
nuclear warheads let's now get the
thoughts of our guests joining us from
Tehran Foad Azadi professor of political
science at the University of Tehran in
Washington DC Reza Marashi research
director at the National Iranian
American Council and in London nicholas
fitzroy the Middle East analyst for The
Economist Intelligence Unit welcome to
the program gentlemen Reza I want to
start with you leaders of France the UK
and Germany all have expressed concern
and regret they want this deal to keep
going what can they do to ensure that it
will well we should be very honest about
the fact that it's going to be a
Herculean task for Europe to keep this
deal alive
absent US participation and it's gonna
require absolutely nothing less than a
European willingness to essentially do
what Russia and China have long been
doing which is create political and
financial infrastructure outside of your
US jurisdiction to make sure that
business and financial transactions with
Iran can take place outside of the long
arm of US law
alright Fuad Iranian president Hassan
rouhani has condemned the u.s. for this
action but Iranian officials have also
said that they want to make sure this
deal lives on
will they be able to keep the deal going
we have to wait and see I think what
Reza said is accurate if the Europeans
are able to do this type of activities
if they can manage to understand the
pressure that is going to come from the
United States if they enact the blocking
regulations that are designed to protect
European companies and if other
continues that the ability run Russia or
China other countries are able to make
sure that the benefits that was supposed
to come to Iran under the nuclear
agreement actually does come and people
in Iran see these benefits then there is
a chance that the nuclear agreement will
continue but if US brings back the
sanctions and the other members of p5
plus one cannot manage to make sure that
the agreement is actually implemented
then Iran has no reason to a stay in the
agreement and today I told harmony the
leader of the Islamic Republic of Iran
that was quite doubtful if Europeans can
actually manage to do this and he said
that if they cannot then Iran will get
up so the possibility of Iran leaving
the agreement is quite serious Nickolas
we've all seen these images today of the
anger being expressed toward the US in
Iran's Parliament images of the US flag
being burned so I want to ask you is
Donald Trump's decision to withdraw from
the Iranian nuclear deal a gift to
hardliners in Iran does this give them
the leg up politically yeah absolutely I
think it does what he's done here is he
has basically empowered the hardliners
within Iran and this could well just
work again it's exactly what he's trying
to do he talks about security in the
region
but if he does empower the hardliners in
this in this way does that you know then
make the foreign policy that Iran in
acts more aggressive towards the you
and actually put them in more trouble in
the region than they were before I think
it probably does Reza I want you to tell
our viewers about the mood among
European allies of the u.s. of course
we've seen that the UK Germany France
that all their leaders have practically
been begging President Trump to stay in
this deal Trump didn't heed their advice
this is more than a snub this seems to
be an outright rebuke what does this do
to those relationships and how must
these leaders be feeling right now well
I think it's quite telling when the
president of the United States
disregards the advice and requests of
America's long-standing closest allies
in the world and instead chooses to
partner up with the likes of Israel
Saudi Arabia and the UAE I just spent
the last two weeks in Europe traveling
around talking to government and non
government officials and and then the
unfortunate reality is a they didn't
have a plan for this B now they're
quickly trying to put together a plan
and see it remains to be seen the degree
to which they're willing to allow Donald
Trump to rupture perhaps irreparably
transatlantic relations to try and
maintain the kind of relationship that
they have with Iran I would add though
last but not least that it's
short-sighted on the part of European
officials who might view this only
through the prism of Iran we have the
Paris climate change agreement we have
questions of article 5 on NATO example
after example after example of Donald
Trump slapping our longest-standing
allies in Europe in the face and at some
point in time the Europeans are gonna
have to realize that friends don't let
friends drive drunk and we have a
governance problem in the United States
right now and if a bully keeps bullying
you the only way to get him to stop is
to punch him in the nose
Fahd president Trump has also said that
if Iran is willing to sit down at the
table and renegotiate a nuclear deal
that he is willing and able to do so as
well but is that something that you
could foresee Iran being willing to do
it's going to be a political suicide for
any Iranian politician to even think
about it and mention it
given president Trump's history and
mentality and a state of mind that deal
would last just a few months probably
and the example that the United States
has provided is that don't trust the
Americans because they make an agreement
and they violated quite quickly so it's
not going to be possible for Iran to
engage in any type of agreement with the
United States what the US needs to do is
actually go back to the agreement that
existed implemented properly and then if
they have grievances those grievances
could be addressed in other venues but
for Iran to go back it's not going to
happen
and the mentality that thought that if
they get out of this deal and they can
have a better deal he's going to be
quite sorry than they realize that's not
going to happen
nicholas i want to shift gears here a
little bit and ask you is there any
mechanism in place by which europeans
could try to protect their growing
commercial interests in iran from the
threat of US sanctions anew well i mean
there is a there is a precedent of a
blocking statue from the 1990s it was
never used so it is difficult to know
exactly how it would go in regard to the
US sanctions but there is a mechanism
that could be drawn up i think it's
unlikely that it would be introduced
though I mean the EU has to get
unanimous that you know it has to make a
unanimous decision with all all the
different countries and there will be
some that would rather choose the US
than Iran in this situation
Rezac is there any indication right now
that the US would really want to
renegotiate this deal I mean do they
want does Trump actually want some kind
of a deal or is this an indication that
the Hawks are winning out and that
confrontation or possible confrontation
is looming I think Trump and the people
that he's surrounded himself with in
senior leadership positions
lighthouse with the possible exception
of Jim mattis aren't really interested
in negotiating a new deal what they're
interested in is capitulation and that's
not going to happen from the Iranian
side I can promise you that so really
what we have now is a situation where if
we harken back to the days of 2005 to
2013 Iran's former President Mahmoud
Ahmadinejad was so politically toxic in
Washington that he essentially rendered
the viability of sustained diplomacy
between the u.s. and Iran impossible and
I think Donald Trump has essentially
become the at many Nejad version inside
of Iran's politics now where it is going
to be borderline impossible for any
Iranian official to go into a National
Security Council meeting and argue with
any kind of veracity and accuracy that
Iran can do business with this man so
this is what makes it even more
important for the Europeans the Russians
the Chinese the Indians the Japanese the
South Koreans the rest of the world to
really step up and prevent the Donald
Trump's and the John Bolton's and the
Mike Pompeo from achieving for what
they've been lusting after for so long
now they've set it in their own words
regime change in war what do you believe
that the White House is actively
pursuing regime change in Iran and would
that even be possible
it is not going to be possible they have
been daydreaming about regime change for
about 40 years since the 1979 Islamic
Revolution it is not going to be
possible but if you look at the hearing
that microphone pill had for his
secretary of state confirmation he was
asked this exact same question several
times and his answer was essentially yes
they are trying to have regime change in
Iran if you look at the 2018 a budget US
budget there are millions of dollars
that are dedicated to what they call
democracy promotion which when it comes
to Iran its regime change so the effect
is there the CIA
other
intelligence services of the United
States are putting a lot of pressure to
actually achieve this stabilization in
Iran to cause unrest and Iranian streets
we have some terrorist organizations
like I'm kale that are working very
closely with the US government to
actually achieve regime change
Giuliani now Trump's personal attorney
was attending an MAO conference just a
few days ago and the basic message that
he had was that he wants to see a new
government in Iraq so the desire is
there but the reality is far from what
the action you are thinking about
whereas I want to get your reaction to
that too to pick up on what Fouad was
saying you know especially in light of
this video we saw of Rudy Giuliani
pretending to spit on the Iran nuclear
agreement just a few days back do you
believe that the u.s. is actively
pursuing regime change in Iran there's
no doubt in my mind that the United
States is actively pursuing regime
change in Iran the majority of those
efforts are going to be op done covertly
they're gonna be operationalized
covertly through three-letter agencies
here in the states so we're not going to
be able to suss out the details and the
specifics but I think it's safe to say
that the primary venue in an effort
trying to avoid a similar kind of fiasco
that erupted after the invasion of Iraq
in 2003 today the primary vehicle is
going to be economic warfare and they're
essentially to do everything in their
power both covertly and overly to try
and tank the Iranian economy
and I think that's reprehensible because
you have 80 million lives inside of Iran
at stake we are talking about not just
cars and things like that you're talking
about savings the the total of which and
the value of which plummet you're
talking about cancer medicine things
that affect everyday lives food for
God's sakes so yes I do think that's the
direction we're going in and we need to
be very honest about that going forward
because this administration after what
happened yesterday the stunts they
pulled yesterday does not deserve the
benefit of the doubt and Nicolas I want
to broaden out some of the topics that
Reza was just speaking about now
particularly when it comes to the
economy in Iran now of course economic
fallout is a big part of this you know
you've had Boeing and Airbus they plan
to sell jets to Iran these were huge
deals total had signed a two billion
dollar agreement General Electric
receive millions of dollars in orders
from Iran just last year the White House
is now saying that those doing business
in Iran will be provided a period of
time to allow them to wind down
operations and those that don't risk
severe consequences so who stands to get
hurt the most economically from all this
I mean Iran stands to get hurt the worst
economically from this there's no doubt
because I mean not only could there be a
big withdrawal of much-needed foreign
investment but there are you know there
already
economic grievances within the country
we saw that in the protests in December
and January and so issues like rapid
depreciation of the currency on the
black market
potentially a cutback in in oil export
receipts these are the kind of things
which are really you know going to cause
some damage Reza what do you think the
immediate fallout would be when it comes
to oil and gas prices well I think that
oil and gas prices are going to increase
the only question is how quickly and for
what amount of time and I think you'll
see efforts on the part of Saudi Arabia
and and maybe even Russia - you know
flood the market if in fact Iran ian's
oil and gas has taken off the market at
a rapid pace I think the effort is the
effort on the part of the United States
and in Israel and Saudi Arabia and any
other like-minded country will be to try
and make sure that Iranian oil and gas
exports are reduced as quickly as
possible
but again depending on the extent to
which China Russia India Japan South
Korea and of course the European step up
to the plate and say enough is enough
we're not going to let this happen
that's gonna dictate the degree to which
the Trump administration is going to be
successful at I don't want to call it a
policy or strategy because they have
neither so ID President Trump of course
has received support from the UAE from
Saudi Arabia from is
what does this mean for the wider Middle
East
it could mean war
we have these three governments that
have been trying to put more pressure on
Iran they would like to see a military
confrontation between Iran and the
United States they basically would like
to see a war that is using American
soldiers to kill Iranian soldiers and
vice versa and the reality is that the
region is going to a very painful
process Syria is slowly coming out of a
civil war
we have the humanitarian situation in
Yemen thousands of people are getting
killed or dying from sickness and the
reality is that if this type of policies
continue if the foreign policy of the
United States is dictated by people like
Bibi Netanyahu or Mohammed bin Salman
then you are going to see serious
consequences that is going to affect the
world economy it's going to affect
Europe and other neighboring regions and
the end result is going to be man-made
manufactured disasters that is going to
be very painful for everybody Iran has
been under a lot of pressure Iran is
used to pressure but I think other
countries like the Saudis or the
Israelis they cannot withstand the
pressure that will come engage in
reckless activities against Iran
Nickolas in light of all this what must
Russia and China be thinking now and do
you believe that they are poised to gain
an advantage from all this I think
that's probably right actually yeah they
they're in a position now where they can
effectively if they if they manage to
keep the the deal going they're in a
position where they can really drive a
wedge but
Queen you know the US and the EU the
sort of traditional alliance there so
particularly for Russia that could be a
big game and so I think you know not
only will they look to uphold the deal I
think they you know they're gonna
they're going to keep importing and
trading with with Iran and they'll
encourage the Europeans to do so because
this could I mean it could be a big win
for them yet Reza of course President
Trump when he made his announcement he
was withdrawing from the Iran nuclear
deal as soon as that was over pivoted to
North Korea and the nuclear talks that
he wants to have with Kim jong-un so I
want to ask you what does this say about
the u.s. to North Korea the fact that
they pulled out of this deal and will
this make North Korea think twice about
getting into some kind of nuclear
agreement with the u.s. I don't think
it's just gonna make North Korea think
twice about American credibility because
that's really what we're talking about
here is American credibility I think
it's gonna make everybody around the
world think twice about American
credibility because now we've set up a
precedent an incredibly dangerous
precedent here in Washington where
landmark diplomatic agreements can be
struck and then two and a half three
years later if a new political party
comes into office they can simply
disregard it violate it sweep it to the
side and say just kidding
it never happened or and that's not the
way that business and diplomacy is
supposed to be conducted in
international relations and foreign
policy so never mind the fact that Kim
hasn't promised the United States
anything new never mind the fact that
it's utter diplomatic malpractice to
start negotiations at the head of state
level because if you fail at that level
you have nothing left and it makes war
more likely when you try to strike a
nuclear deal and then weeks before you
begin those efforts you disregard a
successful one that was working by every
objective measure I have a hard time
believing how it's beneficial to
American interests or global interests
Vlad I'm gonna give you the last word
here but very quickly please in 30
seconds or less could you tell me what
the mood is in Tehran today after
President Trump's announcement
well it depends I have had people
congratulating me today they were sick
of the nuclear agreement that was not
really working out for Iran us was not
doing what Iran was supposed to do and
I'm sure some people especially in
rouhani government are quite sad all
right we're gonna have to leave it there
gentlemen thank you so much for joining
us
Reza Marashi 4ad Azadi and nicholas
Fitzroy thanks for being with us and
thank you too for watching you can see
the programme again any time by visiting
our website at aljazeera.com and for
further discussion go to our Facebook
page that's facebook.com forward slash
AJ inside story you can also do in the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
AJ inside story from me Muhammad and
room and the whole team here bye for now
you
