Malaysia's Prime Minister Najib Razak
voting in an election that is seen as a
test of his credibility his coalition's
lead has narrowed in the days before
voting but he's confident he are still
done enough to win I believe the people
will give a new mandate to Barry San
Nacional we cannot vote based on slander
or Sedition because the elections and
not about there he has been plagued by
the scandal over the government's 1mdb
investment fund that had hundreds of
millions of dollars allegedly
misappropriated Najib denies any
wrongdoing but the controversy has
brought the return of the former Prime
Minister Mahathir Mohamad into the
political fray accusing his former
protege of corruption
bribe money that has received doesn't
last don't let a bit of money make you
poor in the country forever this is what
will happen if Najib stays on this Prime
Minister at 92 he remains a potent
political force in an election few while
willing to call because there's so many
things that unprecedent there's so many
things that nobody would have dreamed
there was everything magic like decades
ago just nobody's nobody's willing to
make a call really Maha tear could sway
traditional pro-government voters in
rural areas and helped galvanize
opposition supporters in urban areas who
are convinced it's time for change the
way they run the government is like they
renewed like is their own you know money
and I feel that if the country is
governed more honestly with some bright
minds in it I think
Malaysia should be okay a better future
for our children and our grandchildren
yes and we know who that is but critics
say the ruling um no party in power for
61 years
benefits from an uneven allocation of
seats the opposition claims the odds
have been stacked against it by the so
called gerrymandering of political
boundaries this constituency in Kuala
lumper was recently extended to include
thousands of extra pro-government
supporters to
a safe opposition seat into a marginal
one the fear for the opposition is even
if they win the popular vote the ruling
coalition will retain a majority of
seats to stay in power
Rob McBride al Jazeera Kuala lumper
