the night sky above Sarajevo was lit up
by fireworks and the streets filled with
the sound of celebrations as the Bosnian
Croats welcomed their new presidents but
in the Serbian capital of Banja Luka
Milorad Dodik welcomed his own ascension
to the stage of international politics
by singing a popular love song in the
cold light of day though the realization
was sinking in that a Serbian
nationalist who wants to break out of
Bosnia Herzegovina will be the first of
the rotating presidents to be in power I
really don't know if I can even bear to
say the name of Datuk out loud but I
think hate is coming to power so that's
another four years of misery and poverty
without jobs pensioners are abandoned
without anything I mean it's a
catastrophe dodok has promised the
Serbian entity of Republika Srpska
will break away from Bosnia Herzegovina
he's also said on his first day in
office he'll write a letter to President
Donald Trump to demand the abolition of
the office of the High Representative
it's a key part of the Dayton Accords
which brought an end to the Bosnian war
and is meant to protect the country's
constitution in a break with tradition
and Milorad Dodik will talk to his
fellow members of the presidential
Council here in the eastern suburb the
Serb dominated suburb of Sarajevo and
he'll do it by video link in Sarajevo a
Scottish artist and photographer opened
this exhibition on the eve of the polls
it's made up of old election posters he
called it disintegration he first came
to the city in 1995 as the war was about
to end and I think what we ended up with
in the country is this sort of cycle of
provocation going on and it's not
progressive and it's not filling the
country forward
some political analysts say bit by bit
the new Serbian president appears intent
on demolishing the institutions of the
country refurbishing the visage outside
Parliament DS Masons may be wasting
their time David kata al Jazeera
Sarajevo
