in one year Emanuel McCoy has rocketed
from relative obscurity to international
prominence
the French president has bounded onto
the world stage taking a lead on climate
change the Iran deal and Europe his
strategy is to speak to everyone even
those he disagrees with some analysts
say that so far the results are mixed we
have to give points to mek whole for
having this kind of close engaging
relationship with other world leaders
then when you measure the results there
are different questions on the Iran deal
on trade tariffs on climate these are
areas where that Collin's vision has not
prevailed at least for now while macaw
is being celebrated abroad back home
it's a different story
angers been growing over the president
sweeping reform agenda for months rail
and public sector workers have staged
strikes and protests McCraw says the
changes will modernize France and create
opportunity but at an anti macro rally
in Paris people said he's destroying
rights and hurting the poor Emmanuel
macron politics are outrageously unfair
he's like a reverse Robin Hood he Rob's
the poor and gives to the rich it was in
the elegant surroundings of the Louvre
that one year ago Emmanuel Marcos
celebrated his victory since then he has
been dividing public opinion on one hand
there are those who say that his
policies are hurting some of the most
vulnerable in society but there are
others who believe that he's exactly the
kind of dynamic president that France
needs
for his supporters the youngest French
leader since Napoleon is a visionary we
have seen an economic revolution
political and social revolution and one
that is constructive not destructive
Michel wants France to be an innovation
leader shortly after his election he
inaugurated this tech startup hub in
Paris today it lures international
entrepreneurs so there's a lot more
happening in France in the startup
ecosystem and that was one of the
reasons for me to still consider it to
stay in France to build my company under
Mac Hall the unemployment rate is down
investments picking up and public
approval for the strikers is falling but
the president has not won his battle yet
his urge to reform all parts of society
quickly may create more opponents yet
it's unlikely to deter him
Michael's repeatedly said that he cares
little for popularity Natasha Butler al
Jazeera Paris
