lava from Kilauea volcano has stopped
flowing at least for now after
destroying dozens of homes and
displacing nearly 2,000 people
scientists say it's not unusual for
eruptions to stop and start up again
later we saw similar things in 1955 the
fissure eruption that went on for 88
days but this is a fairly typical
activity fortunately the only losses
during this eruption have been to
property not of human lives globally one
out of every ten people lives within a
volcano danger zone
a study last year by the University of
Bristol in the UK estimated that more
than a quarter of a million people have
been killed by volcanic eruptions in the
past 500 years an average of 540 deaths
per year one of the deadliest eruptions
in modern times was of Mount Pele in the
Caribbean island of Martinique in 1902
it completely wiped out the city of San
Pierre killing 30,000 people
volcanoes can affect the entire Earth's
climate the eruption of Mount Tambora in
what is now Indonesia in 1815 discharged
so much ash and sulfur dioxide into the
atmosphere it blocked sunlight causing
extreme cold in the northern hemisphere
crop failures and what people at the
time called the year without a summer
as for Kilauea it has been spilling lava
continually for more than 30 years most
of it flowing harmlessly into the sea
but not always but it's really difficult
to forecast what what might happen where
and so that makes it really hard to know
exactly where what's saving Native
Hawaiian spiritual beliefs say eruptions
reflect the moods of the goddess Pele
Austin's Native Hawaiians to Capelli is
always nice to us whether she takes our
home or not we accept this type of event
scientific understanding of how
volcanoes work has strengthened greatly
since those tremendous eruptions of
pasts
Treece but no amount of sophisticated
sensors seismographs or satellite
imagery can predict exactly when an
eruption will occur or when it will end
rob reynolds al jazeera Hilo Hawaii
