I am for me okay I'm Malika Bilal and
you're in the stream may is maternal
depression Awareness Month in the United
States and today we're discussing the
myths and stigma associated with
postpartum depression in the US and also
around the world so what are some of the
questions you have tweet us or comment
in our YouTube chat and you too could be
in the stream everyone I knew I felt
like had the most wonderful experience
after they had their baby but I didn't
know how to say like I am freaking out I
believed that every parent around me
knew what they were doing and that I was
this devastating failure postpartum
depression sometimes referred to as the
baby blues is a mental health condition
that some others experience shortly
after giving birth worldwide around
about 13% of women experience it with a
number closer to 20% for mothers in
developing countries this form of
depression doesn't just affect
biological mothers though adoptive and
gay parents can also experience it so
we're comparing who are dealing with
postpartum depression get help and what
should their relatives know we're here
to talk about this in Campeche Mexico
Carly Pearson a lawyer writer activist
and mother who was battled with
postpartum depression she's also a
member of the stream community and
pitched this show in Chicago twin
doctors age rece and Jimmy loved Roja
man both men are board-certified
obstetrician gynecologist Jameel and
it's Reese who happens to be my
brother-in-law have spent the last ten
plus years focusing on postpartum
awareness I'll welcome everyone to the
stream I want to start with a member of
our community another member of our
community because so many people wanted
to weigh in on this topic Carly zinnia
here on Twitter sized postpartum
depression for me was a constant
struggle to express it was an unpopular
and uncommon position for a young
millennial like me to start a family
that early so not a lot of people my age
could understand what I was going
through and the older generation felt I
was being ungrateful or
operated my emotional absence as neglect
for my newborn Carly when you read that
story can you relate to it knowing what
she's feeling when was that moment when
you felt similarly I think that's an
interesting point I wonder whether and
the doctors can probably answer this
better but whether there's more
prevalence of postpartum depression in
younger mothers or older mothers or
whether it's actually kind of irrelevant
the age of the mom I can relate to
people feeling like I was ungrateful
maybe people who struggle people who I
knew who struggled with getting pregnant
feeling that I was ungrateful for not
just being elated at the whole
experience older people who maybe
weren't comfortable with the topic who
also kind of expressed the same thing
like because I was ungrateful for for
expressing myself the way I was and I
think just finding the words to talk
about it was difficult in and of itself
because it's embarrassing and why is it
embarrassing because there's a lot of
stigma doctors Carly asked you a
question right at the beginning they're
older younger mothers who gets
postpartum depression more what you know
statistically speaking they tend to say
younger mothers but I'm gonna go out on
a limb and say that I think postpartum
depression depression is widely widely
under diagnosed okay
so statistically speaking we're talking
young mothers but I think more women did
not have some degree of postpartum
depression or baby blues one thing I
kind of wanted to correct I guess and on
when the show first started he said baby
blues and postpartum depression baby
blues is a little bit different baby
blues almost 90 percent of moms had it's
just that you know we kind of
overwhelmed you're sad you're tired
hmm goes away after a couple of weeks or
is postpartum depression tends to kick
in around a week to a week three I'm
looking up to you know three six months
after delivery but it's much longer
lasting and more profound
I'm just looking here this is from loved
Belfast on Twitter mums urge to check
their maternal mental health check your
symptoms the trouble is you need to know
what those symptoms are so even before
you can go to resources to help you what
what do you need to be looking out for
what does your partner need to be
looking out for your family how would
you even know
well I mean oftentimes the symptoms of
postpartum depression will look very
similar to these symptoms of depression
in general and so somebody may have what
we call hypersomnia where they are
sleeping a lot or you can see the
opposite where they're not sleeping
enough now that can be a little tricky
because when you have a new baby well
why are you not sleeping but if you're
not sleeping when you can't sleep the
baby sleeping that can be an issue you
can see changes in appetite you can see
changes in what we call effect where
they just aren't themselves you look at
them and to have that blank stare these
are some of the more common symptoms
that you'll see yeah I think one thing
that you kind of touched on that it's
huge I think when you're in that moment
when you are the person that has
postpartum depression sometimes it's
difficult to realize this is what's
going on you know families play a huge
huge role dads in particular but
families in general parody's need to be
looking out for kind of symptoms is
talking about if you feel like either
you or your partner's not bonding well
with the baby that's a huge sign of
postpartum depression and that's one
reason women don't want to talk about it
yeah I was gonna say that's where a lot
of the guilt comes in because like was
being said earlier a lot of people feel
like this is a joyous occasion why
aren't you happy and then a lot of
people feel like my god you've got this
beautiful baby this is a gift and one of
the classic symptoms of postpartum
depression is you don't bond with that
baby and no parent wants to say I'm not
bonding with my baby they feel like a
horrible parent a horrible person and
they feel like people are gonna look at
them in a bad way and unfortunately they
do because there's so much
misunderstanding surrounding the
condition but those are some of the
things that you look out for and just if
you see those signs you can't be afraid
to say anything I had one patient who
went from postpartum depression to
postpartum psychosis yes and it was her
mother who brought her to me and said
she is not well she and she and she she
said she's not sleeping she's talking to
people who aren't there she's she's
talking about people who don't exist and
she came to me and said there's a
problem and I said bring her in she
brought her in and we got her help
immediately and so the families play a
role and you can't be afraid to step in
and then when people step in and it's
easier said than done but moms have to
feel comfortable saying yeah right
things not right and I need some help so
it's that it's that part about feeling
comfortable to know
that something is not right and knowing
who to go to I wanted to share this
marine Shah tweeted in to us because we
asked our community have you experienced
postpartum depression she says twice and
she wrote about it I want to pull up
that headline here the headline my
postpartum depression did not make me a
bad mom and she goes on to say that
three years ago she became a mother for
the first time and the beginning it was
uncomplicated it was beautiful and it
was the following six weeks that weren't
as magical as those first few moments
indeed they were more akin to torture
Carly what was that exact moment for you
when it felt like torture um I think is
well torture I think when date five when
I got home from the hospital it was when
you know all the help was gone and was
when I realized that something was off
that I felt extra bad but I think when
it became torture was about four months
and when I had one of the symptoms which
the doctors described which was
hypersomnia all I wanted to do was sleep
definitely I was acting like a different
person in IE it wasn't getting through
the day that was difficult it was
getting through moments in the day and I
think that was when it became what you
would call tortures because every minute
was was difficult to get to but I want
to touch on real quick three things that
the doctor said that were really
important one is that the difference
between the baby blues and the
postpartum depression I think a lot of
people a lot of moms told me oh yeah you
know it's normal I felt sad too and I
think they were referring to the baby
blues which wasn't what I had and so I
was kind of in this gray area where I
wasn't sure whether it was normal or not
and of course because I was embarrassed
to talk about it I wasn't really able to
articulate what I was feeling and a lot
of people were telling me yes normal to
feel sad and so that's an important
point you know this there is a
difference the second thing is it's kind
of moving to hear the doctors talk about
the symptoms like this I wish I would
have had that experience of someone
being able to tell me you know this
these things you're experiencing our
postpartum depression you know so it's
moving to here and we need more medical
professionals who can know the signs you
know
sorry can I ask you Carly
so when you're experiencing postpartum
depression did you know what it was and
did you talk to your position of what
was our midwife and what was their
response that tends to be a problem a
lot of the time well I am by month for I
realized it wasn't normal
it was getting more and more difficult I
spoke to my OBGYN and she told me that
me personally I probably needed a change
in lifestyle I didn't need medication
I needed to incorporate daily exercise
preferably in the morning maybe
meditation breathing control doing
something positive for myself every day
but at that point I was I was getting
more and more depressed than the idea of
incorporating exercise into my day when
I was barely able to shower with a with
a four month old baby who had you know
reflux and who wasn't sleeping it was
just kind of hard to conceptualize so
I'm realistic with my men yeah it was
unrealistic at the moment and and that's
where things started to take a more
negative turn for me because then I was
referred to a psychiatrist it's funny
yes I think that depression starts right
after delivery and this is something
I've always been very sensitive to will
deliver parents c-section vaginal
delivery and immediately that baby is
out and all of the attention that was on
mom goes with baby and literally
oftentimes mom is there by herself while
we're doing our repair or whatever the
case may be and so I'll talk to them and
I'll say how are you feeling and I'll
joke around and I'll say get used to it
but this is kind of what it's like
everybody's focusing on the baby now
well what major thing that partners
family members could do is remember who
there are for lack of better terms we're
looking at it as physicians but to
patients there's a mom and there's a
mourning and giving the baby a lot of
attention is important but giving mom
attention is important too I think dr. J
you were reading my mind this is what I
was gonna share with you from Men's
Health everything dads need to know
about postpartum depression I think this
this article probably over promises a
lot because I don't think we can take
everything that your dad needs to know
but your spouse or your partner Carly
from your experience
what would you suggest that that other
person in your life the the family
support system what do they need to know
about you well you know I think this is
my perspective as a woman and that from
women I've spoken to but a lot of women
I know who I've spoken to about
postpartum depression said that the men
and their wives felt they couldn't
handle the topic because they felt like
a failure personally they took it
personal so I think a lot of the partner
regardless of the couple the makeup of
the couple needs to understand that if
the mother has postpartum depression
it's not your fault and you're not a
failure as as the partner but you do
need to be supportive you do need to
know to ask the right questions and also
another point that it's related to what
the doctor said and what you just said
is like my one of my favorite authors
Tim Amanda and gauzy Adichie I says Dada
is as much of a verb as mamas you know
and so dads need to be to be just as
involved and if you know that your
partner has postpartum depression or
maybe they're just getting used to it
and they don't have postpartum
depression but it's just a new baby you
need to help out you need to help out as
much of a verb as a mom no absolutely I
think that is a big part I tell I tell
my moms cuz I'm definitely gonna see the
moms both before delivery and after
sometimes I see the dads as well but
having five children myself I know that
it's kind of a learning curve and I
think a big reason why postpartum
depression is so prevalent is because
the majority of the job of parenting
especially when babies are babies is on
mom and so I tell all of my dads like
obviously you can't breastfeed you know
certain things you can't do but you can
get up bring baby to mom when she's
gonna breastfeed you can do more diaper
changes yes be more involved because a
big reason why women have postpartum
depression is but lack of better term
they feel trapped you have this baby who
is totally dependent on you and you feel
like you have no help not only but if
you have other children sometimes dad is
not only not helping but it still
expects you to be superwoman he wants
dinner on the table or do you wants you
to go work after six weeks and so that
is a huge part of it and another thing
that she touched on I think that a lot
of people don't recognize postpartum
depression
a lot of times and I'm talking partners
a lot of time it's not obviously
depression
one of the biggest signs actually anger
like you don't feel like oh she's just
angry oh my gosh she's anger again
hormonal hormonal exactly and so they
they kind of don't be defensive they
feel like oh my god what is that I'm
doing what's wrong with her
and so they miss that sign so dad's
partners have to be very in tune to any
personality changes go today you're
giving us a really amazing advice okay
but give us something practical that
dads can be doing so they have their
partner who's exhausted and in spirits
in postnatal postpartum depression what
can the dad actually do it is the small
babies it's the small things I get that
is getting up and changing those diapers
it's you know maybe making sure that she
isn't active cook dinner if that's what
she does for the next you know four
weeks eight weeks whatever the case may
be just the little things just those
little things I kind of joke with my
patients and their partners and I'm like
I know you're not blind you see all the
stuff she's doing so just get up and
help you know there's not I'm just gonna
say one simple thing is breastfeeding is
super important and we really encourage
but when we encourage breastfeeding you
are putting basically all the competing
responsibilities on mom
and so one thing that I think are people
to do is pump and then put it in bottles
and then dad can feed the baby as often
as mom could beat the baby baby's still
getting the benefit of the nutrients
from the brother doing too much nipple
confusion most moms it's being up every
two and three hours and it's not that
you just get up and feed you get up and
you're holding that baby for 30-40
minutes it's exhausting you change the
diaper cause you're already up and
sleeping tonight so I think the biggest
part or one of the biggest parts of
postpartum depression is sleeplessness
so one thing that I did with my fifth
and I'm not gonna claim that I was the
best with the other form alternate it
night so she did Monday depressed so I
think just doing your part is dr. Dane
doctor I we've got partners covered and
talked about what the husband or what
the partner can do there's also a
suggestion from people online on what
medical professionals should be doing so
this is true seeker who says another way
to prevent postpartum depression is to
have nurses assess the risk of it before
it happens
having postpartum complications having a
first child being stressed being a
single parent being a new immigrant
being poor are all things that can
increase the risk of PPD so when we're
talking about nurses we also got a video
comment from a nurse who would agree
with that statement this is Colette and
this is what she told the stream as
nurses we can try to make sure that when
we assess our patient that we are able
to find out if they have support and
what is that support that they may have
we also need to make sure that the care
that we give them of culturally
sensitive in a language that they can
understand and the teaching that is done
need to be done in a cultural sensitive
way so karlie hearing what Collett had
to say do you think your nurses and your
medical professionals did that for you
how long did you stay in the hospital
afterwards and did you have that care I
was in the hospital for four days I
actually had complications in my
c-section so I had a really difficult
surgery I think my nurses and my doctor
were a bit more concerned about my
physical health than my mental health
which was you know in retrospect not
good for me in the long term I think
also I remember reading an article about
a woman who got postpartum depression
living as you know in another country
and she was living in Malaysia or
Singapore I believe and she mentioned
that she didn't know what resources to
look for in that country because it
wasn't in her language and it wasn't her
country and I think that's an important
point to consider is is for me for
example even though I speak Spanish I
didn't know what resources really were
available to me in Mexico and I think
that's that's something that a lot of
people face when it's not their native
country even if you speak the language
Katya I'm just looking at some pictures
you sent us if your lovely little ones
here and can you talk us through who we
have here
so okay and
and that's Emiliana still that's only a
meanness that's my eight month old and
my two and a half year old so during
this whole process of you getting better
how are you with your little ones so to
be honest it took me about a year and a
half to really get out of it I would say
and like I mentioned earlier during the
Depression it was just trying to get
through moments you know half-hour
periods my whole day revolved around
making sure my kids slept so that I
could take a shower so that I could do
things around the house that I needed to
with my second daughter it didn't happen
I didn't get postpartum depression I was
really really worried that it was gonna
happen and I wonder the doctors can
again probably answer this better but
with your second child are you less
likely to have postpartum depression
because at least for me at least I knew
what I was doing I knew what to expect
the crying didn't stress me out as much
and there's a point at a really
important point that came to mind that
I'd like to make I remember in my
pregnancy reading really early on that
if you were getting really stressed out
if you were having anxiety with your
with your new baby at home to put the
baby in a safe place like the crib with
no blankets or pillows or toys that
could suffocate them and to go take a
shower and that was something that I did
religiously and even though my daughter
would be crying for ten minutes
I mean she's it's not gonna actually
affect her health to cry as long as
she's in a safe place and that time
allowed me to kind of process my
feelings do deep breathing in the shower
and get through the moment come back and
be able to take care of my kid and I
think actually now when I see her and
she's able to play by herself so well in
comparison with some of the other kids I
see her age and I think maybe that
started then when I had to leave her to
be able to go take care of myself and
yeah it was hard to hear her cry for 10
minutes in the shower but I needed it
and it allowed me to go back to her and
be a better mom Carly I love that you
shared that joking aside though doctor I
and dr. J actually want to direct this
to you and I wanna hear what you have to
say but I love that she shared that tip
because this is
comments that were getting live here on
YouTube but I want to share them because
I'm hoping you can help so Sam Hart says
my Depression started from my traumatic
childbirth I couldn't express how
traumatic it was for me and I feel
guilty for feeling that another person
on YouTube just writes in May she says I
have been depressed for a while after
giving birth so keeping in mind
Carly's suggested what works for her
doctor i dr. J what would you tell these
people who are watching this show and
don't know where to turn well so where
you are in terms what resources are
available but the first place you always
want to turn other than to family is to
your health care provider because
they're going to know the best resources
available to you where you are but I
think one thing that one viewer said
that's really important is and I told my
patients this all of the time I say
pregnancy childbirth being a parent is a
beautiful experience but you have to
realize it's also extremely extremely
tough and have very few expectations
about what the experience will be like
because people think I'm going to go
into birth or into labor it's going to
be a great experience and I tell them a
lot of times it's not and so
expectations but be prepared for this
experience may not be a good one how do
you do that with your bedside manner we
do better and it went completely the
opposite but because we knew that it
could we weren't as disappointed and we
got past it and so I kind of used that
personal example I say to have
expectations we had them it doesn't
always work out that's the thing people
that have you know traumatic deliveries
if you have a c-section or if there's an
emergency of some sort they're more
prone to developing postpartum
depression but one thing I want to one
resource I want to get people that's a
little bit more concrete the three
places you can get information about
postpartum depression one is called ACOG
and the American College won't be dining
they've got a lot of information that's
more us-based
there's our card which is the Royal
College of Obstetricians and
Gynecologists they're in Britain but
again they have more international
material as well and then Fiegel the
Federation of international
gynecologists and obstetricians all of
them have information on what postpartum
depression is how to recognize and
partner and things you can do to treat
it self care like
I was talking about is actually a huge
one but it's usually self-care talk
therapy and sometimes medications I know
Carly said her doctor put on
antidepressants unfortunately a lot of
positions that's a quick easy fix let me
write a prescription I got five other
patients to see
get on out of here you know and while
antidepressants play a role talk therapy
actually tends to be more important
because again moms feel incredibly
guilty and ashamed of the fact that they
are experiencing what they're
experiencing and so being able to
express that and get that positive
feedback is usually helpful but
self-care medication sometimes talk
therapy those are huge
here's one other tip from us horny mush
she sent us a video comment she's the
founder of women's health line and this
is what she told us in South Asia and
particularly in Indian culture
motherhood is considered very sacred it
is pedestrianised and as soon as a woman
becomes a mother she ceases to be a
woman in her own right and therefore she
does not have the right to complain to
say she's feeling blue to say that she
needs some time for herself and
therefore postpartum depression and it's
symptoms often get ignored and you know
as a women's health organization we talk
to a lot many women who claim that they
have had postpartum depression in the
past but they're not it is just Romania
because we don't have a culture where
women can talk about themselves after
motherhood as women and not as mothers
so Carla we have just about 45 seconds
left talk
this is seems to be her suggestion what
do you make of it well I think I think
the point that she makes about women
ceasing to be themselves is really
important I think in fact part of
postpartum depression is this identity
crisis where you go from literally one
day to the next as one in as a complete
individual on the next day you are
someone else completely attached to you
like another limb and everyone expects
you to do nothing but live for this
other being but you still exist as a
person you existed yesterday as a person
and people need to realize that and
people need to respect it Carly Pearson
dr. J dr. I thank you for being part of
our show today really helpful advice
it's earned on this picture of Carly and
Emiliana and Ennis because there is
light at the end of the tunnel
and for international advice and some of
the resources but dr. iron dr. J
actually mentioned we will be sure to
tweet them out for you so look out for
at age a stream follow out Twitter feed
and we will put that information out
there for you from Malika and I we will
see you online hashtag a day stream see
you soon thanks for watching
you
