Kim jong-un's second secretive visit to
China was confirmed on state TVs main
evening news bulletin in a seven minute
report this time Kim was welcomed by
President Xi Jingping in the
northeastern city of Dalian close to the
border with North Korea it's not clear
if Kim asked to come or was invited but
it happened just a few weeks before the
North Korean leaders plan talks with US
President Donald Trump Kim appeared to
suggest the prospect of that
get-together was being undermined by
Trump he said if relative country
stopped their hostile attitudes and
threats then there's no need for North
Korea to have nuclear weapons kim's
powerful sister kim yo-jong accompanied
her brother her international profile
continues to grow the Chinese side had
thought hard about the backdrop they
wanted for this visit beyond these
waters the Korean Peninsula dalian
offering a picturesque setting as the
North's only Ally Chinese leaders want
to ensure they're not sidelined in the
future diplomacy over North Korea after
a long strain in relations because of
the North's missile and nuclear bomb
tests the two sides are hugging again
President Xi has accepted an invitation
to visit North Korea possibly next month
so possibly before Kim scheduled meeting
with trumps China didn't have a seat at
the recent historic summit between
leaders of the two Koreas and it won't
be present at the Kim Trump summit
either so President Xi wants to ensure
that Kim's priorities align with his
Adrian Brown al jazeera Beijing
