Republic Square vibrated with excitement
I'm overwhelmed with emotion and I can
only say that we're very happy that
we're free from these prisoners shackles
we have hoped that the new Prime
Minister can take care of people's needs
including freedom of speech our people
have finally reached a moment of victory
Armenia's so-called people power
movement scored a victory with members
of parliament electing opposition leader
nicole passion yun as Prime Minister
Argan I want to thank you for this vote
and for your stance and I only want to
say the following I served the people of
the Republic of Armenia and I served to
the Republic of Armenia it was a month
of fast and surprising developments in
this small former Soviet republic since
gaining independence in 1991 our median
say they've dreamed of a new dawn for
democracy we want to live in free
independent country at this moment were
very very happy that we have a man like
this as our prime minister who is at our
side and we are confident he will help
us realize our dreams to live free to
have freedom of speech
as the day the government finally
responded to the will of the people to
Republican Party has been a dominant
force in the political and Society
president sarkeesian became used as an
authoritarian leader who broke his
promise when he said he would not become
Prime Minister after his term ended
passion Yun is writing a tidal wave of
popular support but now he faces the
task of governing on the top of his
to-do list is tackling poverty and
corruption the people of Armenia will be
watching closely they want this second
chance at democracy to work but they
also want an improvement in their
everyday lives
Natacha guy named Al Jazeera Yerevan
Armenia
