cricket has been played in Ireland for
over 200 years but they have not been
part of the 141 years of the most
prestigious form of the game Test
cricket
until now the malahide ground in Dublin
is about to stage Ireland's historic
first test with Pakistan the visitors
it's been a long struggle to be
recognized a cricket's top table
Ireland's team features experienced pros
many who have played in English county
cricket or around the globe but this is
the moment they've craved every time
we've kind of been given obstacles go
pass we've done it our World Cups we've
produced big results against big teams
and we've been knocking down the door so
to finally you know get the appreciation
and get that chance at the top it's
gonna be great but the sports rulers
stand accused of favoring the
established powerful nations at the
expense of those who were growing the
game the bosses of world cricket the ICC
have reduced the amount of teams in next
year's World Cup from 14 to 10 now in a
brutally difficult qualifying
competition in Zimbabwe the West Indies
took one of the qualifying spots and the
other one went to the New Testament Anna
stone but that meant there was no place
for Ireland in the past if these players
wanted to play test cricket that have to
switch their allegiance to England Kevin
O'Brien bowling here was the hero when
Ireland famously beat England in the
2011 World Cup they beaten Pakistan in
the tournament four years earlier the
ICC won the game says they were reviewed
a decision to reduce World Cup places a
clear admission of a mistake but too
late for Ireland it was absolutely
heartbreaking especially when it comes
down to the last game and so like
obviously there's just some minor
difference between the teams who went
through and the last two teams wouldn't
so it's just a shame really because if
you look at like other sports like
football or whatever they've there more
teams involved in the World Cups that's
the only way to grow the sport the
effects on the interest and on the
finances for Irish Creek it could be
irreparable damaging so they need Test
cricket to succeed and to attract the
Irish public how do you sell how do you
market a five day game to a public
that's only used to a game that sort of
lasts sick
seven hours well we do it by saying be
part of history come and watch a major -
you know your major sport come and play
against one of the world's finest teams
getting a positive response from the pub
we are they can't control the decision
making of pickets bosses and I can't
control the unpredictable skies over
Dublin in May but they can demonstrate
on the field
why Ireland should have been part of
cricket's purest form of the game long
before now lean Wellings al-jazeera
Dublin
