the bugger Fishmarket used to be one of
the busiest spots in the lake chad
region 80 trucks on average brought in
the daily catch of fish from the lake
not anymore
only a few cuttings of dried fish
arrived the market now more someone who
comes here every day to earn enough to
buy a meal for his family the one
successful fisherman largely depends on
the good rule of others after Boko Haram
fighters overrun his village four years
ago he's heard about plans by government
and international partners to assist
people like him but he's not sure if he
or his family will get any help this
year
I'm getting older
and the young ones can go to fish
because of fear of attacks by Boko Haram
with no work and no income many of them
have now joined the fighters something
governments in the region want to stop
they say the recent spike in violence
requires a look beyond providing aid
something they want to address in a
regional meeting in Nigeria we need a
holistic approach that looks at the
short-term humanitarian needs but also
try to start supporting those medium and
long the terms early recovery and
development needs that are so critical
to find the solution to this crisis the
lectured region is one of the poorest in
the world despite its vast agriculture
and water resources attacks by Boko
Haram have met the situation worse
thousands unemployed in region already
struggling with poverty and lack of jobs
this company produces solar panels and
equipment it's one of eleven factories
being set up by government in Borno
State why Boko Haram started the
government invested millions of dollars
in the hope of creating jobs for
unemployed youths a group that is
repeatedly targeted by war forum for
equipment its investments like these
donors want to promote across the region
they also want governments in the region
to pay greater attention to education
children and the classrooms are prime
targets for Boko Haram kidnappers gunmen
and suicide bombers over 3,000
classrooms have been fixed back out of
the 5,000 which I have said the
rebuilding
forty's there and we follow immediately
where and when the military took over
from the in science and especially when
people go back to their various
communities our primary attention go to
this school 1,400 schools in Borno State
were targeted and destroyed by the
fighters hundreds have since been
repaired but jobless fishermen and women
as well as other small businesses hoped
for a lasting peace that will guarantee
a return home to reorganize their lives
Mohammed agrees al-jazeera Maiduguri
Northeast Nigeria
