racing against time and the relentlessly
advancing lava residents of Leilani
estates rescued property on Monday still
hoping their homes would survive
Kilauea zon sloth 18 year old Marcus
Moylan and his family evacuated the only
home he's ever known I walked this road
every day you know like this road every
day it's insane what's happening it's
just out of nowhere boom we were able to
get their money and stuff so you know
kind of essentials paperwork and stuff
but you know some things just cannot
leave behind his father says there's no
use getting upset the volcano is calling
all the shots
thank God for the years I've given he's
taken away now and at 62 I got to start
all over and it's all gone finished my
house looks like my lands gonna be gone
and my business is gone I really don't
know what to do but it's kind of like
when I first went to this island but one
day at a time from the air the
destruction of Leilani Estates is a
dramatic sight you can see some of the
12 lava rifts that have opened up since
Thursday cutting a burning scar across
the rural community also visible are the
remains of the dozens of homes that have
already been destroyed this time-lapse
video shows the magma surging to
overwhelm a vehicle caught in its path
we entered Leilani estates escorted by
National Guard sergeant Jake Kia hero he
carried a portable air monitor
constantly checking it for high levels
of sulfur dioxide as it's too much could
you lose consciousness or even died yeah
definitely there's always the potential
that could be fatal yeah
when vents open up the amount of lava
that oozes out is astonishing
this is a fresh lava flow it's probably
less than 24 hours old and I can feel
the heat right from where I'm standing
you can see the flames down there at the
base and beyond it for the streets of
Leilani Estates where people lived at
now where many homes have been destroyed
the local Civil Defence administrator
says despite the destruction seen so far
the intensity of the eruption seems to
have eased now it's kind of waiting for
the volcano to stabilize see if it's
gonna just stay put in one vent and just
erupt or you know hopefully go away
what's going to happen the big question
for people here of course is when
Kilauea zhh rampage will end Rob
Reynolds al-jazeera leilani Estates
Hawaii
