mauricio macri came to power in
argentina in a surprise victory over two
years ago following eight years of tight
currency controls during the government
of Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner his
promise to reconnect the country with
the world's financial markets appealed
to the majority but for now things are
not going as planned
Argentina has chosen a path of a gradual
approach toward solving very deep
economic problems that it has for many
decades this gradual approach has its
shortcomings that solutions are not easy
and solutions are not fast and results
are coming out slow so some people that
have you know very fast expectations
that this will be a quick solve clearly
they were wrong Matt Lee has been
reluctant to implement shock austerity
measures that will hurt the country's
most vulnerable
that's why inflation and deficit
continue to be the main economic
problems and that's why workers have
been taken to the streets on a regular
basis to fight for salary increases
until now Argentina has relied on
foreign debt to cover the fiscal deficit
for every peso of deficit there is a
peso of debt the debt that is growing is
that of the international markets the
problem is when you try to cover your
deficit with debt and the type of crisis
that can bring about last week the
economy seem to be out of control when
policymakers had to raise the benchmark
interest rate to 40% in an attempt to
stop investors from taking their money
out of the country mark in raveloe was
the central bank's governor for almost 6
years he says the government made a
mistake I think it was a mistake from
the government to allow foreigners to
buy notes from the central bank and the
notes of the central bank are used to
absorb excess liquidity but access local
liquidity so it should be allowed to
absorb pesos not to bring in dollars as
you do with other bonds and that's one
of the reasons why Argentina is on
eh once again Argentina has had a
history of hyperinflation
and economic crisis and that's why
people here worry when the US dollar
starts going up and the central bank
starts selling billions of dollars worth
of research the government of Mauricio
Macri says it has taken the necessary
measures to control the situation but
many you are wondering whether it will
be enough the government has vowed to
cut back on government spending even
more to reduce the deficit the impact is
likely to be seen on the streets in the
weeks ahead Teresa Waugh al-jazeera
Buenos Aires
