nothing could stop the sabaki river from
destroying land that provided people
with something near to self-sufficiency
an abundance of fruit and vegetables
used to grow here in fertile soil that's
been replaced by silty sand these are
only a few of the farmers who have lost
their livelihoods my land was around the
corner there
I had six acres like everyone else
Valentin katana has no insurance to
cover his losses was my everything the
six acres was everything schooling of my
children all the cash and I get from
from that land in one of the places that
escaped the floods this is how it should
be to crops of maize a year that people
may be poor but it's rich land the
original course of this river was right
over there beside the tree line it
didn't just burst its banks it changed
course completely surging right across
this land destroying homes farms and all
of the crops the danger now is that the
force is here right across this Bank a
short distance away this family is
afraid they could lose everything to the
floods are changing lives making more
people dependent on aid right now
longer-term many will consider moving to
towns following the path of urbanization
the nearest town is Malindi and jobs
here are hard to find
back beside the sabaki River it's
raining again and these farmers want the
Kenya government to do more decision now
is but everybody's crying here not only
one family about a thousand families are
crying because they got lost everything
is a desert now as you can see now the
desert so when people are crying out
there
because they're all depending on this
place the aid agencies that people are
now dependent on a hard-pressed to meet
demand and the government is coming
under heavier pressure to devote more
resources to the crisis Andrew Simmons
al Jazeera madam Guney in Kenya
