Malaysia's 14th general election could
be described as a battle between
heavyweights the incumbent is Najib
Razak the son of a former prime minister
he's seeking re-election on a promise to
among of us increased cash handouts to
lower-income groups and raise the
minimum wage to offset the rising cost
of living Oh Nene he darkened this year
we will study the increase from a
thousand ringgit
to a higher salary you want to know how
much wait till after the 9th of me boom
we will have passed me none me and Andy
so did you get in this recently released
campaign video he urges voters to look
at the ruling coalition's track record
but he's also been linked to a
corruption scandal involving 1mdb a
state-owned investment fund allegations
he denies his Challenger is a man nearly
30 years his senior so enraged by the
scandal that he's returned to politics
may I keep that I've returned to work to
rebuild our country perhaps because of
some mistakes I've made in the past and
because of the current situation former
Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad formed a
new party and forged an alliance with
old enemies including people he had once
imprisoned he still has the star power
to draw in the crowds at opposition
rallies the Alliance made up of four
parties is campaigning on a promise to
rid the country of corruption it's also
pledged to remove a goods and services
tax that was introduced three years ago
the latest survey by Medicare center
suggests the main opposition bloc
bakudan Harappan or alliance of Hope has
made some gains it's also likely to win
the popular vote
but in Malaysia's first-past-the-post
system
it's the party that wins the most seats
in parliament that takes power the
gerrymandering and the MAL apportionment
of seats that is transpired over the
past few years and also most recently
wood was done in a manner to allow the
Barisan Nasional to continue to
perpetuate its power in this country it
will be a close fight Florence Lee
al-jazeera
Kuala Lumpur
