witnesses say they heard warplanes
overhead before two loud explosions as
bombs hit the presidential office in the
center of Houthi controlled Sanaa the
strikes damaged not only the intended
target but also businesses and houses
nearby a jet targeted the presidential
office the neighborhood is full of
people and employees were at work we
rushed to rescue people who were there
who were trying to rescue a man from
underneath the cars and a child but a
second airstrike targeted us with your
mercy for human beings citizens have
nothing to do with what is going on
we are not leaders no leaders work in
these offices we are doing our routine
daily work a spokesman for the saudi-led
coalition defended the airstrikes saying
they targeted a high-level meeting of
Houthi leaders targeting the
presidential palace was targeting first
and second rate who the leadership there
was confirmed intelligence information
they were monitored through intelligence
surveillance and reconnaissance systems
Saudi Arabia and its allies have been
fighting against the Houthis since 2015
when they intervened to support Yemen's
internationally recognized government
led by president Abed Rabbo Mansour Hadi
after three years of fighting and no end
to the war in sight analysts say the
saudi-led coalition has changed tactics
and is concentrating on targeting Houthi
leaders but it's a risky strategy Houthi
fighters and their supporters say
they're more determined than ever to
continue their fight for control of
Yemen Victoria Gaytan be al Jazeera
