the United Arab Emirates appears to have
taken over the island of Socotra its
troops are in key positions including
the airport the Islanders are staging
big protests demanding the soldiers
leave so what does the UAE want and
what's driving its expansion in the
region
this is Inside Story
hello and welcome to the program Ahmad
Abdul Hamid there is public outrage on
the island of Socotra it's a unesco
world heritage site and the people who
live there don't want it to become part
of the conflict in Yemen but on Thursday
the UAE deployed troops to the island
seizing strategic positions this has
angered the Yemeni government of
President Abdullah boom on surah Hadi it
says it wasn't inform of the move the
UAE is part of the saudi-led coalition
fighting Houthi rebels in the country
and is a former ally of heady but splits
have recently emerged Muhammad oddo
reports they're calling for troops from
the United Arab Emirates to leave the
island of Socotra the people who live
here say they're normally rebels on the
island
that means UAE forces have no reason to
stay Emiratis soldiers stand up on
Thursday forcing out here many troops
and taking over some strategic locations
they say it's part of the operation to
back forces loyal to exile the Yemeni
president Abdel Rahman Mansour Hadi
socotra is a world heritage site known
for its unique and pristine natural
environment it's located just off the
coast of Somalia with access to major
shipping routes the head of a Provincial
Council in Yemen says the UAE soldiers
should leave these forces are present in
socotra Aram Mahara in volumes that
can't be understood
there are illegitimate troops in these
areas are there forces that belong to
the Houthis to be fought by the
coalition here the answer is a big No
Yemen's war pits iranian-backed Houthi
rebels in the north against troops loyal
to exile president Hadi the UAE is part
of a saudi-led coalition that stepped in
three years ago to support Hadi whose
power base is in the southern city of
Aden that's where the UAE has been
growing its influence funding and
training armed Yemeni groups now the UAE
is on the island of Socotra Yemen's
prime minister says the Emirati
deployment there is an assault on
Yemen's sovereignty these protesters
agree they're also worried at what much
the island eunuch will be destroyed to
mohammed al jazeera the island of
Socotra is the latest territory where a
Marathi troops have been sent as the UAE
expands its military presence in the
Horn of Africa they are also deployed
elsewhere across mainland Yemen in had
removed for example and the coastal city
of Aden which was recently overrun by
separatists backed by the UAE and
Emory's appear to be building an
airstrip on Yemen's Parham island that
sits right in the middle of
bab-el-mandeb Strait on the African side
of the Red Sea the UAE operates the
assam naval and air base in Eritrea used
to support military operations in Yemen
further south in Somalia's breakaway
region of Somaliland the UAE is building
a military base in the coastal city of
berbera without the approval of the
central government there and in Puntland
another part of Somalia with a
self-governing status that is not
internationally recognized so far the
UAE is building the port of bussaco and
training the local maritime police force
time to bring in our guest joining us
from London andreas Creek specialists in
the GCC an assistant professor at the
Defense Studies department at King's
College and in Brighton Catherine Schack
them
Middle East commentator and researcher
at L by n Center for Strategic Studies a
warm welcome to both of you andreas
Triggs let me start with you
what do you think are the real motive
behind the UAE beefing up its presence
in the island of Socotra right there are
a variety of different reasons I think
we first of all have to kind of
disconnect this current socotra incident
from what happened in the GCC this is
not part of the GCC crisis per se
although the Emiratis have tried to
frame it in that way I think this is
part of an ongoing development that
we've seen by the United Arab Emirates
ongoing sins over the last decade really
they've tried to expand their reach both
militarily and commercially into the
Horn of Africa which has become
absolutely and has always been for a
very long time commercially very
interesting and important part and the
control of that area control of the
bubble Mendips trade as well as both
sides of the Horn of Africa on East
Africa as well as in Yemen and along the
Red Sea coast is absolutely detrimental
and important for the delivery of goods
from east to west so I'm talking about
East Asia towards towards Europe but
also it's very important for the region
itself for ethiopia eritrea
these countries and kenya as well are up
and coming there's a lot of investments
being made and they have used the ports
on there on this part of obviously in
East African coast and it was always
important for the UAE who have marketed
themselves as a as a merchant country to
basically control access to these kind
of trade routes and ensure that there's
some sort of freedom of navigation in
that area and they've started already in
the late 2000s to my port world for
example haven't has invested along the
coast and there's been a couple of
incidences in Djibouti for example where
the emirate where this Emirati company
was kicked out and there are 80 started
to to build alternatives across the
coast so there is a military component
to it which is about controlling
ensuring freedom of navigation there is
one which has to do with ensuring that
no weapons will come to Yemen and there
is one much further which is about make
placing the Emiratis strategically at
the heart of international trade in this
part of the world they want to be not
just the Prima's interpares which they
are at the moment arguably but they
want to absolutely be the hegemon in
this part of the world and if you look
at the way they have strategically
placed these different ports and
military bases this is the only
explanation that there is and I think
socotra fits very nicely socotra is much
closer to the east african coast very
much closer to Somaliland where already
the Emiratis are very much bogged down
in all these areas the summer at the
Emiratis have used surrogates and built
surrogates to export and and help
building their strategy and socotra very
nicely fits in if you look at it
geographically so and it's much further
away from Yemen and it is so far
offshore that it provides you with a
sort of aircraft carrier capability as a
guard as a guard for the axis to the
bubble manned up straight so it's very
strategic it allows you to control trade
and it does so under the umbrella of a
wide operation against the Houthis which
is obviously nonsense if you look at if
you look at this kind of argument well
Katherine Chapman now the UAE says that
it's its purpose in socotra has been
distorted mainly by the likes of the
Muslim Brotherhood Qatar Turkey actually
the US State Minister for Foreign
Affairs Anwar Gargash on social media
talks about historic links between the
people of the UAE and socotra what are
those links and how come all of a sudden
they become important now well I think
to be completely fair with you I think
that what we see is is growing tension
between Saudi Arabia in the UAE and it's
manifesting in socotra where there is I
think of race number one as your guest
mentioned in London you know for control
of the waterways for very obvious
geopolitical reason and then of course I
think that given you know certain
developments over the past few months
and even a few years in the within the
GCC I think it stands to reason for the
UAE to be a little bit wary of what's
coming out of Riyadh in terms of
policies and the decisions that are
being made you know when it comes to
certain alliances or even friendships
and so I do see you know this effort in
socotra you know yes it has been blown
out of proportion because it has been
politically played out in the you know
the government of head is not being very
genuine if I'm completely honest I think
in you know towards their position
towards the UE because only just a few
years ago back in 2014 for example
Hadley was quite happy to welcome the
UAE not just in socotra but as well in
Adam in the support of Adam so I think
that what we see is just you know
growing tension in between as you
mentioned certain powers within maybe
the the Middle East but I don't think it
has anything to do with the Muslim
Brotherhood per se I think it has
everything to do with Saudi Arabia
however and how the UAE is trying to
break away I think from you know this
you know this crown a German that is how
durable you are right now in the region
and they're trying to be a bit more
independent and if we recall what
happened with Qatar trying to do the
same thing to try to actually pursue
independent policies and trying to
assert itself as a independent power
within the region and the international
community I think that Saudi Arabia is
is kind of running a little you know
campaign against the a trying to miss
portray the u.s. intention or maybe
trying to utilize this to its benefit
and trying to get things out of context
I'm not justifying the position of the
UN socotra I'm just trying to give some
context to it and the reason why today
is being criticized I think it's a great
degree of hypocrisy you know on the part
of Haji and Saudi Arabia as for the UAE
I mean we have to understand that as a
sovereign nation they're going to do
what they see as in their best interest
and I think that controlling socotra the
support of Adam and having a very heavy
presence in the Horn of Africa makes
sense from a you a perspective yeah but
you know one says blown out of
proportion distorted very nice words but
you do have 60,000 residents on their
island and many of them went down to the
street denouncing what they see as a a
Marathi occupation of the island is it
an occupation in your view Katherine yes
I think it is I mean you know from I
mean we have to remember that Yemen is a
sovereign nation and and so it's people
have rights and if a nation is is in
fact in pose
you know whatever whether it's military
or you know otherwise but its presence
is full from to nation then yes it is
not just an occupation but it's actually
an act to vote technically speaking and
so I again I'm not justifying the UA at
all because I do think that at the end
of the day the people of Yemen have a
right to decide you know who's who's
allowed in the you know within their
territory in their borders and I think
that the UAE actually broke the law
international law here and so you know
the matter would need to be discussed
but the problem that I have is that you
know this occupation this particular
occupation is not talked about from a
Yemeni perspective but rather from you
know a political perspective where as
you know the Saudi are using this as
ammunition in a way against the UAE and
I think we need to consider that it
might be a proxy here that you know
there are tensions going in between the
UAE and Saudi Arabia and support rise is
collateral damage really but I think it
falls to within a more regional kind of
race to control you know this particular
region here because for obvious reason
commercial reasons military reasons and
of course you know there's that the the
bab-el-mandeb and in the fact that you
know the it's the world or route and
it's very important and whoever will
control it will control not the fate of
the world but will bear quite heavy on
international relations will go into
what's happening within the saudi-led
coalition in a moment but i want to put
the same question to you andreas Craig
do you view the presence of a Marathi
soldiers in socotra as an occupation and
also in the long run I mean the UAE is a
rich country but relatively small
militarily not very strong is it
sustainable well I mean it's the entire
strategy of the variety is sustainable
at the moment I think they're punching
way above their weight they have tried
to translate their soft power into
increasingly into hard power we have to
say the Emirati military is probably the
most effective one in the region at the
moment considering its size you're also
in comparison to the Saudis and that's
why and there is this kind of dependency
coming along where the Saudis knew in
2015 that they couldn't run this war
without emirati support the Emirati were
absolutely crucial in this but the
Emiratis didn't see at the time in 2015
the Houthis as an annex
threat to their security but it was an
existential threat to Saudi security so
the Saudis needed to provide the
Emiratis with some sort of goodie
to make them to make them come along and
it was quite it became quite clear early
on and at that time I was still working
for the country military and you know I
was amazing at it on a daily basis with
Saudi military as well we could see
quite quickly already in 2015 that the
Emiratis were pushing their own agenda
in the South trying to secure their
access to the Red Sea and they kind of
refrained from getting bogged down or
dragged into the war in the north which
is a separate conflict from what was
going on in the south and what we've
seen and this is very important to bear
in mind here is there is a larger
pattern emerging the Emiratis have tried
to use tribal links to and also
secessionist movements within the
country like the Eric Alger Newby in the
South of Yemen and formed this new
surrogate in the South that has moved
against the hardy government that the
problem with that is that the hardy
government invited the coalition which
was Saudi led to come to Yemen in 2015
now the Emiratis came along on this
invitation and they were invited to come
along there is a debate to be had
whether the hardy government had the
authority to invite anybody along under
international law considering how
divided the country was but the Emiratis
came along under the invitation of the
hardy government as the internationally
recognized government and under the
premise that they were fighting the
Houthis and terrorism in the country
this circuit Ryland has nothing to do
with that invitation has nothing to do
with that kind of policy and has nothing
to do with that objective so it's not
it's something that cannot be argued and
justified under international law saying
that there is a justification to come
along and what the Emiratis are doing
now very much moves against the Saudi
interests the fact that Saudis were on
the island a couple of days ago trying
to reconcile with local tribal leaders
for example suggests that the Saudis are
very concerned that the Emiratis are
pursuing their interest in Yemen at the
expense of the Saudis which in 2015-2016
the Saudis were okay that the Emiratis
were pursuing their own national
interests as long as they were serving
the overall coalition interests where we
stand today it seems that the amorites
have achieved their objective in this
and they are not that inclined to help
on the massive scale the saudis out as
they might have done in earlier years
and that really puts into question this
saudi-led coalition many would argue it
hasn't achieved much so far in the in
the conflict in Yemen and where is it
going from there so now you have the two
major countries participating in that
coalition Catherine Saudi is still
trying to support president Hadi the UAE
seems to have dropped him basically
I mean having your own troops and sort
of keeping hostage for a while or not
allowing a prime minister of a country
to relieve an island it's quite a bold
move so what's what's how will all of
this impact the main conflict that is
going on in the mainland well I think
it's gonna definitely have a greater
impact in this answer as you mentioned
before Yemen is broken up in you know
along so many lines so you have the
north and the south if you really want
to simplify things and then of course
the UE is very heavy in the South and
the Saudi have relied quite heavily if
not completely on the UE to be running
you know the the southern campaign if
you want to call it that so this is
going to complicate things because this
allergy now cannot count on the UA to
actually to their own line they're going
to be running their own agenda are
they're going to be running their own
policies in in Yemen possibly even
backing or even brokering their own
peace if you really want to take it a
step further and I think that it's going
to put this out in a very difficult
situation because they don't really have
any backup or even any real say in terms
of you know had this popularity in Yemen
which is almost non-existent so they're
backing you know not not just they
backing the wrong horse if I can put it
that way with Haddie so he's gonna make
things very difficult because not only
do they have to maybe look somewhere
else to try to find you know another
ally to kind of you know we galvanize
their troops and their position in the
war in Yemen bearing in mind that the UE
might actually completely break away
from this and actually run their own
policy parallel to that of Saudi Arabia
and they might actually you know their
agenda might actually clash in terms of
what is it that they want to siege
and I think that the UE is actually more
invested in brokering a peace with Yemen
because as you said they don't look upon
the resistance movement in Yemen the
Houthi as an existent threat to their
own government and I think that there is
a common interest in running against the
Muslim Brotherhood when it comes to the
Houthi and the UAE so they might have
more common ground then you know maybe
the Houthi and the Saudis and so it will
make things quite interesting to see how
a peace may actually brokered away from
Saudi Arabia even though the Saudi are
the ones who declare war on Yemen
essentially you know back in 2015 so I
think it's putting the sour G on you
know on the wrong foot here and but I'm
not surprised because from the very
beginning of this war and even even more
so lately I think that reals policy have
been a little bit erratic and they're
not trying to see the bigger picture or
trying to understand the consequences
that their choices will have short-term
mid-term and even longer term and I
think that the UAE has a better
understanding of this of the dynamic you
know whether geopolitical even social
within Yemen the Horn of Africa and the
greater region as a whole
so I think it's going to be quite
interesting because I think what you see
today is actually a growing rivalry in
between Riyadh and an Abu Dhabi and I
think that Abu Dhabi will have the upper
hand and yes it is a small country but
you know money speaks louder and today I
think that in terms of military power
how it is exerted and manifested on the
ground you know the use of mercenary
armies is actually quite the way forward
license so it's it's it could be
possible that the UEC you know their
their presence to be you know the use of
mercenary armies and maybe to use other
technique other diplomatic tools to
exert influence onto country which on
the long term is actually much much more
you know useful and a bit cleverer than
what we are is trying to do Adam the
current moment so it's definitely very
interesting anyway it will weigh heavy
on Yemen I believe well certainly the
relations between Saudi Arabia and the
Emirates is something that one will have
to look closely at in the coming weeks
and month but going back to what you
were saying earlier unrest Creek about
all the economic side of the UAE let's
say expansion or involvement in the Gulf
of Aden
socotra being in the middle of this very
important international shipping route
well actually the Saudis let the whole
Gulf be taken over by the Emiratis and
they just sit and watch while all this
economic potential is just taken away
from them will they let that slip away
from them I mean do the Saudis have a
choice is the question I mean I wouldn't
say that there is a rift development
between Abu Dhabi and Reard it's not a
rift per se there is a grand strategic
alliance he also ideologically but we
have to assert as well that Mohammed bin
Salman the crown prince and a supposedly
new ruler of Saudi Arabia is very much
in a junior role visa vie Mohammed bin
Zayed who is the ruler and Crown Prince
of the United Arab Emirates the UAE have
actually a strategy in a strategy that
they have developed over at least 15
years strategic thinking means that you
that you're in there for the long run
you have the ways and the means to
secure your strategic objectives and the
Emiratis for the most part have actually
have that the Saudis don't have a real
strategy they have some objectives they
have known their very few means and they
have no ways to actually achieve them
and in that way there are and they're
trapped in this junior role also in in
in that respect the Saudis are not
looking at exercising real power whether
soft or hard power outside their borders
they've tried in Lebanon and failed they
tried in Qatar and they failed their
trying in Yemen and they are failing and
I agree with Katherine to a point the
UAE have more strategically invested
it's similar like Iran does by the way
invested strategically into the social
politics of the southern provinces of
Yemen they have built a movement from
the bottom up rather than from the top
down the Saudis what they usually do is
they go into a country they try to pay
one proxy and then when the proxy
doesn't work for them anymore they pay
the opposite side if you look at the
Yemen conflict Saudi over the years on
over the decades have been on all sides
of the conflict whether with Royalists
or Republicans whether with southerners
or northerners whether with tribal
forces with Jia
the Salafists you name it even with the
Muslim Brotherhood
now the Emiratis have chosen a side in
their building this side and they're
doing it somewhat as I said at the
expense of the Saudis and also the
Emiratis have realized that the Gulf the
Persian Gulf is less important in the
long run than the Indian Ocean and
bab-el-mandeb in the long run the
Persian Gulf particular because we see a
withdrawal from the West we see a
withdrawal of also of some of the oil
and gas interests in the Gulf I think if
you look purely at the trade routes I
would say that the Indian Ocean more
generally not just bubble Amanda but the
extensive a region of the Indian Ocean
is becoming increasingly important as
Pakistan is rising and India is rising
China is rising so we have this pivot
towards Asia overall in terms of
geopolitics so it's very important for
the Emiratis to be part of this and they
realize this all smaller GCC countries
by the way do this the countries as well
they investing very heavily in East Asia
because that's where the future is Saudi
Arabia's somewhat has missed this train
the Saudis have bought into America and
that continue to build to buy an into
America and they don't realize that
actually in front of their doorstep
there's a lot more to be done but they
as I said they Saudi have no strategy
and they're being constantly
outmaneuvered by those powers that have
a strategy certainly socotra is a place
many will be looking at closely and
wondering if at some point it will fall
into this yemeni conflict or not but we
have reached the end of this
conversation so it will be for another
time thank you to our guest Andreas
Craig and Kathryn Shak them and thank
you for watching you can see the program
again anytime by visiting our website
aljazeera.com and for further discussion
go to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
Inside Story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
aj inside story from me heard abdul
hamid and the whole team here in doha
bye for now
you
