I am femi okay you're in the stream we
are live on al-jazeera and on YouTube
today a contentious plan to give police
in southern Germany sweeping new powers
is being met with firm resistance
I'm Malika Bilal this is a story that
community member Kevin Carr had
suggested we look into opponents of the
measure is due to pass into law in
Bavaria say that civil liberties will be
threatened and that already marginalized
communities will bear the brunt of
overzealous policing we will examine the
bill and look at how people are
challenging it the Bavarian police task
act is being promoted by the Christian
social Union it holds a majority in the
state parliament and is the sister party
to the Christian Democratic Union led by
German Chancellor Angela Merkel Al
Jazeera's Paul Brennan is in Germany and
has more on what Bavarian police will be
able to do if the bill becomes law both
critics and advocates accept that this
is the most far-reaching police reform
here in Germany since the end of the
Second World War in 1945 the measures
included in the proposals include the
police's power to be able to open
letters to conduct surveillance also to
monitor telephones and to use the DNA
database in a way that they can't at the
moment and that is to use Fenno typing
looking at the use of DNA to predict
hair color eye color even skin color and
that is something that's causing real
concern for privacy campaigners among
those people saying that this is a step
too far are the Greens who say that the
opposition that they've done a survey of
shows 60% of Germans are extremely
unhappy about this those who are four of
the plans say that it's absolutely
essential that the police state up to
speed with the technological advances
that is at their disposal that said that
it will be a tough battle in Bavaria the
CSU the center-right has a majority it's
likely to be passed in the parliament in
the middle of May but opposition will
take it most likely to the
Constitutional Court
in the hope of getting it overturned
protesters against the police task act
have organized under the hashtag no PA G
the German acronym for the divisive bill
an alliance made of dozens of different
groups including privacy rights
advocates and football fan organizations
is urging people to make their voices
heard activists are calling on people to
turnout in the state capital Munich on
Thursday and organizers expect thousands
of people to attend the rally many
demonstrators say they will remain
steadfast against the bill and will not
give the Christian social Union an easy
opportunity to pass it and they're
already making noise on the streets of
Munich joining us today from Munich to
discuss the bill is Stefan doom vault he
is a spokesperson at the Bavarian
Refugee Council which has raised
concerns about how broader police powers
may impact refugees Munich we have
Jochen Kauffman he has had a fan project
Munich that's a youth welfare
institution aimed at fostering a
positive band culture within football
the fan project has been part of
protests against the draft police law
from the city of Hilden we have Sven
Hoover he is deputy chairman of the
German union of Federal Police and from
the Bavarian city of London we have
Christopher Oona Sergei he is a law
student at Frieda Alexander University
and also part of a group of students who
have filed a suit against the existing
police law in Bavaria hello everybody
hello gentlemen get to have you all here
Christopher I'm trying to think what
happened in Bavaria that these sweeping
police powers are now necessary what is
it like there well you might think that
we are under heavy terrorist attacks and
that it is a urgent matter that police
get more powers now but as a matter of
fact that's not the case here from where
I'm sitting I feel pretty safe we need
these new powers
yeah can i when you heard about this new
addition to the laws to help police have
more
powers what was your first thought well
actually kind of the same what
Christopher was saying I'm just getting
worried what the politics is coming up
with next that they want to control like
everything and they the criminal rates
are very low
everything is safe inside the stadiums
everything is safe safer than it was
ever and so I don't really understand
why the politics want to implement this
law
mm-hmm yo can you you're not the only
one so you say that everything is safe I
want to pull up this headline here that
members of the leading political party
in Bavaria the CSU as we've mentioned
say that the new police law would
address public safety concerns here is
what one person tweeted back to that he
says safety concerns one of the safest
places in the world with the lowest
crime rate in the last 30 years no they
just want to keep power with
undemocratic methods
Sven I'm wondering what your thoughts on
that are why do you think this is being
introduced now I must say that we are
not in crime-fighting or other
categories so and the union say we don't
need this new power act in this kind of
what they wants to do I'm just going to
show our audience a little breakdown of
what the Bavaria police task act is
proposing should be into law so this is
what it looks like it will allow some
broad surveillance of email calls and
mail concrete danger definition is lower
to imminent danger
and renewable preventive detention
periods of 30 days so that means that
you could be in detention for 30 days
and another 30 days and another 30 days
Stefan I'm just thinking about this
potential law and perhaps the politics
behind it would that be the right
direction to be trying to work out how
is this happening in now to Bavaria but
it's one of the safest places in Germany
yeah what we see is as a refugee rights
organisation and that as well as a
refugee as human rights group who are
supporting refugees are targeted by
conservative politicians from the sea as
you were the leading party and
government giving party in Bavaria and
for being a criminal for not being to
the law and so on and if we have these
new tasks of the or than these new
opportunities of the police to serve a
refugees or to tap refugee organizations
and human rights groups assisting
refugees or to put people into prison
for 30 days or more without without that
we know where people are detained
without we are not knowing who is
representing the people as a lawyer and
without having any contact which is
already happening now and this is a
threatening perspectives if the Bavarian
believes even gives gets more power more
opportunities for surveillance for
suppressing this is not a critique
against the police but in my view the
police might be an instrument of these
conservative politicians trying to get
more votes on the right side so that we
in the end we have strengthened
criminalization of of people who are
trying to defend human rights for
refugee
so I hear what you're saying there I
want to bring in the perspective of one
more person and this is Sebastian and
you know earlier family brought up what
was in this proposed law in this
proposed bill this is Sebastian's view
of those proposals have a listen so this
law is is is like a science fiction
dystopia that's like mind police if you
have a if you think about crime then
basically the government should step in
and stop you in doing it basically if
you say I think you're building a bomb
then the police will just take you away
and put you into jail that's basically
the status of course there's some checks
and balances on it but it's all it's all
really vague and really undefined that
you get all sorts of people protesting
so Christopher I'll explain to our
audience of course Sebastian didn't want
his face shown because he's afraid about
the implications of this bill that's how
much he fears it but he talks about it
just being overall vague I know that you
and a group of students have actually
poured through the wording on this so
you hopefully know best is he right to
have fear well I hope he's not right to
have fear to show his face because he's
protesting against a police law in a
country that has the rule of law over it
and where the constitutional rights are
protected very much but he has a point
when it comes to the confusion of the
new terms because I wanted to jump in
earlier but I wanted Stefan to to stop
talking and continue afterwards because
you translated the new type of danger as
imminent danger I think everybody does
that and if you type it into the
translation program that's what comes
out but I think it sends the wrong
message because this new type of danger
that was that is already in place as
already in the act of 2017 is more
describing a an impending danger and
it's very hard to explain so maybe I can
give you an example of how to
how to look at this new term so before
the new Act in 2017 we have the third in
danger okay so the certain danger was
when you had a situation where a man was
smoking at a gas station filling up his
tank and it's very likely that in very
close future the cigarette will light up
the gasoline and the whole gas station
blows up so that's a certain danger on
the other hand now with the impending
danger is my understanding that the
situation would be we have a man at a
gas station filling up his tank
he isn't smoking yet but we know he's a
heavy chain smoker and you can't make it
without a cigarette for five minutes
okay so that is the impending danger
that will now let's or give power to the
police to intervene I want to bring into
the conversation
Nicole Gehringer she is the Bavaria
managing director of the youth union of
CSU that is the leading political party
in Bavaria we asked them to join the
conversation they were unable to do that
but they didn't want to explain to us
what it is about the Povera task at that
is important have a listen police task
act the theoretical toolkit for more
than 40,000 Berea police men threat
threat the polity is competence doing
threat situations if needed to make the
law because of the new European privacy
policy and guidelines from Germany's
most important court the Bundestag
Haslam's good so it sees you early amber
erring idea it's important of had active
against threats but law has important
elevations authority of securing data
authority of using Dane DNA for the
enjoy defense commitment of Thrones and
body cams facility of pre ant of an
occasion of post so Sven CSU described
this as a toolkit for the police what
are you most concerned about in this
toolkit
I think you need that you want to repair
something but the mostly tools in the
package so my comrades and my Union
means we don't need it for the daily
duty so maybe sometimes and special
operations by counter kind of terrorism
it could be possible yeah but for the
daily duty so with the citizens mostly
the mostly parts of the law is not
necessary I mean we can talk about body
cam so not all but an arresting for a
couple of months by the police yeah so
where we need it for shot go ahead yeah
can I trust she she said that they need
to implement it because of the new EU
data privacy rules for Europe that are
going live unlike in 25th of March and
that's just plain yes to say it like
that it's drastic it it's just to cover
up because they didn't say in the
beginning they're only saying it right
now because of the protests and the
attention there's a lot of attention
going to the law changes and I mean they
like I want to agree with the from
Savannah that there is nothing to repair
in Germany right now the the today the
the public that they came report for the
criminal statistics for the whole
Republic of Germany out and we have the
lowest criminal rate sent for 25 years
so there's no real need for policeman to
need for more tools mmm so there is
concern on lunch to find about
particular communities and what this
will mean for them ashen portal here on
Twitter says I think that refugees will
be the ones who are mostly affected a
lot of people are afraid of terrorism
and criminality which is allegedly
emanating from these groups but also
people who are consuming drugs Bavaria
is quite conservative
doesn't like any kind of drug consumer
and wants to get rid of them
Devon can you talk to us about some of
the concerns from the communities that
this person mentions yeah but I don't
think that drug consume is as a problem
with refugees so what we see what is a
problem is that many refugees are
subjected to a labor band they are not
allowed to work or to do vocational
training so to have a useful
daily work or something okay some sort
of occupation so they're sitting around
and this affects their daily lives and
this sometimes might bring people also
to get an illegal job or to start
dealing or to start the consumption of
alcohol or drugs yes and so what we
would say is that we need a more liberal
stance against refugees that they are
allowed to work that they have some sort
of some sense of doing a useful everyday
life and and not imposing more and more
threats on them and more surveillance so
that they in the end are seen as
criminal and as a person in general we
have a debate about refugees at the
moment which is not talking about
protection and the need for protective
status but which is talking about
deportation and people who are coming
asking for asylum who are not asylum
claim as who are not a need for
protection this is the tendency and what
we see is that all these conservative
talk about refugees would open a door to
more civilians and more in the end more
criminalization of refugees instead of
offering them waste for integration you
can what I found fascinating about the
concerns about this
is that it's United so much of civil
society it's very rare for us to have I
don't think we've ever done this on the
stream had somebody from a refugee
council and somebody from a football
association who's looking after fans and
fans welfare on the same show talking
about the same issue let me just show
you this audience here this is from
Deutsche Welle
football fans in Germany protest against
Bavaria's new police law so football
fans why they concerned well you know
football means diversity it actually
means their words the on and off the
field and of course the supporters in
especially the subculture of the ultras
who are organizing or are involved in
the protest and are showing the banners
in the stadiums they are not always
acting like they short they of course
they they can be rough they can be
violent but they have also a lot of
positive characteristics and their trust
afraid that the repression from the
state or they are already in the focus
of the police and now with the new
powers of the police the pressure on the
subculture on on the fans is getting
even higher and higher so that could
mean if you if you talk about dystopia
like Sebastian did earlier in the
statement then you could be afraid that
if you're not acting like you should
like the society wants you or like the
politics wants you you will be maybe
marked as a as a so-called imminent
danger and then you get it to yourself
into danger so that could be and that we
all acting equal we're all acting normal
we don't fall off the norm of society
and that's why football fans are also
organizing protests and I'll add another
group perhaps unlikely for some of our
audience members so you have refugee
refugee rights groups football rights
groups and this Fabian says
environmentalists so for more than 65
organizations from opposition parties to
labor unions and environmental
mentalists have signed a call for a big
protest march in munich this week that's
on Thursday May 10th thousands are
expected to come we actually heard from
one of the organizers of this March one
of the people behind the no p AG
movement and she sent us a video comment
have a listen to what Laura had to say
we're an alliance of over 80 NGOs and
parties from all over Germany amongst us
are such diverse groups as those
struggling for the rights of refugees
those working for our data security
environmental energy organisations and
many more but we're all united in the
belief that this new lan bavaria
threatens our rights citizens as well as
humans that's why we're taking to the
streets we expect several thousand
protesters and we will demonstrate
peacefully and colorfully but we'll also
send a clear message to the Bavarian
government that we will not let our
rights be taken away from us this
demonstration is a very very important
first step but it is also only a first
step there are several alliance members
that are already now seeking legal
actions against this new law in the
making so Christopher from people on the
streets to your own legal challenge
against this what do you think comes
next how effective do you think these
measures will be do you mean will they
stand where do you see us going and
where do you see these protesters and
and their demands where do you see that
going well first of all I'm very happy
to see that finally people are getting
on the street concerned about these new
changes because when the act of 2017 was
passed really nobody was interested in
it and wasn't really in the media and
I'm kind of glad that the Bavarian
politicians want to go further even
further now and make new laws and
broader broaden the power of the police
so now we have the intention and that's
very important because one aspect is
that you can file a lawsuit against a an
act that you think is unconstitutional
but I think it's even
more important that people show in a
democracy that they have a political
view that they really want to get across
and that they feel free to demonstrate
against because when we look at the new
powers that's the video surveillance of
demonstrations and automated face
recognition and I don't know right now I
feel I feel safe and free to go to a
demonstration but with the knowledge
that somebody is videotaping me and that
a machine is recognizing my face and
looking through my life history if
there's anything wrong with me I think
twice if I really want to go to the
demonstration and that is a very grave
violation of our freedom of assembly
spend I want to bring this conversation
back to the police and just curious
about the police officers that you
represent do any of them feel that it is
a good idea this is a good move forward
for Bavaria excuse me sort of my
connection was another absolutely when
we look at this bill maybe it will
become a law it's the police who then
have to put that into practice how
comfortable are they feeling with where
we are right now with this conversation
and the protest well what do they feel
that they want to do are the union of a
very big problem because in only one
country the area so make these new steps
in this direction so what we have to
talk about the chaton law at the police
law between the federal government and
the country is not it's that would be
the big political problem for the next
year so we are searching for one limited
rain or police act okay in Germany and
so the Bavarian law act now will be
processes fun thank you so much for
Stefan and yucca and Christopher and you
our online community on watching on TV
thanks are being part of the stream
today we're see you online again
you
you
