the road into the eruption zone is
cracked and broken fence of steam and
toxic gas from the lava flows beneath
billow out deeper into what was once
leilani estates the enormous power of
Mount Kilauea is plain to see
we passed roads sealed off by meter high
lava flows finally we reached a wall of
burning rock and could go no further
we've gotten just about as close to the
lava as we can the smell of toxic sulfur
dioxide is very strong in the air and it
gets stronger when the wind blows from
the wrong direction but if you look
behind me here you can see that Leilani
Avenue this is formerly the main street
in this community is completely covered
with that black lava beyond it the smoke
is the sign of another house that's
being consumed by the lava people who
have been living here have no idea when
or if they'll ever be able to come back
home more than 20 houses have been
destroyed from the air you can see the
main crater on Kilauea is still boiling
with smoke and steam toxic gas from the
deep magma chambers is the biggest
threat to human life I'm most worried
about the impact of sulfur dioxide you
can feel it in our nostrils over here as
we're standing over time if there's
extended exposure people get
inflammation of their lungs and if
people have underlying lung conditions
like COPD or emphysema they could get
into trouble on Sunday morning a long
line of cars formed as some residents
were permitted to enter the danger zone
briefly to salvage important papers
medicines pets and personal treasures
but plenty more people are waiting to be
allowed back in they want to get answers
when they can go back to their residence
and that's all what this whole issue
about so that they can make themselves
whole again this is not the Hawaii of
glossy tourist posters and glamorous
television shows this community is one
of the poorest in the entire state
volunteers set up an outdoor community
center called Appu Ohana OA or place of
safety in the hole
language to distribute donated emergency
supplies food and water we all come
together and we're gonna make this make
stuff happen if the government not kind
of make it happen scientists say there's
no way to predict when the eruption will
end it could be days months or longer
leaving the people here to wait and hope
for the best
rob reynolds al jazeera Pahoa Hawaii
