he started out as a KGB agent became the
head of Russia's spy agency then the
country's Prime Minister and less than
five months later at the age of 47
Vladimir Putin became the President of
Russia it was a spectacular rise and
reveals the tenacity that has shaped his
18 years in power even nourishing for
the other like the issue of Russia's
two-term presidential limit by 2008
Putin's time was up he resolved that by
handing the presidency to Dmitry
Medvedev and becoming Prime Minister
himself few were in any doubt as to who
really held the power four years later
Putin was back in the top job and
stamping his authority with a police
crackdown on anti-government protests
and tough new measures to quell dissent
a macho man images fueled his popularity
at home and Putin has worked equally
hard to assert Russia's tough image
abroad he took premier from Ukraine a
move that still angers many in the West
he stepped in to back the regime of
President Bashar al-assad and Syria's
long-running war and he's accused by US
intelligence officials of being behind a
campaign to sway the u.s. elections in
donald trump's favor forbes magazine has
named putin the world's most powerful
person for four years in a row he's now
back for a fourth term president of a
country where the opposition has little
or no voice president of a country where
despite tough international sanctions
he's determined to drive russia's agenda
no matter how much that might antagonize
the west
