Sabich Varnum a hundred kilometers from
kuala lumpur is known for its fishing
villages and rice fields it's in rural
areas like these that the ruling
Alliance Barisan Nasional has
traditionally dominated but discontent
is stirring
fishermen here are working longer hours
just to be able to survive the higher
cost of living has really affected us
things weren't so bad five or ten years
ago
he says the subsidies they receive are
no longer sufficient and blames the
goods and services tax imposed three
years ago for the increase in overall
costs but there are others who say they
are grateful to Barisan Nasional the
only party that has ruled Malaysia since
independence in 1957 it's in places like
these far from the cities that the
election will be fought and won
rural areas have long been given
disproportionate electoral advantage
here in Sabah Burnham the smallest
voting area in the state of Salonga a
vote is worth 4.3 votes compared to the
largest constituency the unequal number
of voters for parliamentary seats was
made worse after Parliament hurriedly
pushed through a motion to redraw
electoral boundaries in March despite
protests from the opposition and civil
rights groups theoretically the minimum
to get the minimums of would share the
government needs to win - to carry one
one two or the simple majority of seats
in the parliament is only 16.5% because
the smallest one-one-two constituency
contained only 33% of electorate the
Election Commission has also been
accused of favoring the ruling party in
other ways it introduced new guidelines
regulating images of party officials on
banners but has been accused of applying
them inconsistently its officers have
cut out pictures of Mahathir Mohamad the
former prime minister leading the
opposition bid from some posters the
Commission's decision to call for
elections on a Wednesday is also being
seen as a ploy to lower voter turnout
the claims of unfairness has always been
the agenda of the opposition and it is
really for sympathy votes to prove that
prayers to that the people should work
for them and perhaps as a reason many
feel per se a group calling from
electoral reform says irregularities in
the electoral roll persist including
voters registered without their consent
and others transfer to a different
voting area without their knowledge many
analysts say the results of the upcoming
election will be closed but predict a
win for the ruling party florence Louie
al Jazeera Sabich Burnham Solano State
Malaysia
