the police are taking us to a small town
called Balaam it's inventive estates in
central Nigeria Balaam is a small
farming community a place with no
history of violence until now Vera
father Josef got to her father Felix to
LA three artists John so now I see in my
heart the attack was devastating for
people here they accuse ethnic Fulani
herdsmen of being behind the attack
there was a morning mass here when a
group of gunmen stormed the church and
started firing people say the shooting
lasted for over an hour
sixteen churchgoers died that day
including two priests and children there
have been disputes over land across
central Nigeria between mostly Christian
farming communities and Muslim herdsmen
for many years people here say they are
afraid because the attack in Balaam is
creating divisions they say the
attackers wanted to provoke religious
conflict and they call on the government
to put a stop on this now and for any
government to exist with legitimacy you
must have capacity to stop people from
killing your people no one should die
not even an infant nobody should die we
should be able to be free and secure in
our environment to live work to move
around to do our work - fatwa and to
worship God in freedom crime is a crime
but the moment you try to color it in
terms of tribe in terms of political
alienation in terms of religion you are
defeating the purpose for the fight and
that is why we've been telling the
people that it's a fight for all many
here fear the attack on the church was
intended to sow fear and hatred between
communities this is why this spite the
violence people here continued to pray
they say that for
generations they have always lived
peacefully together despite the
religious differences what binds them
together they say is stronger than the
killings in the village of Balaam Jamel
Allen dog and al-jazeera Balam been with
State Central Nigeria
