I am for me okay
dozens of Mexican politicians have been
killed and many others threatened with
the same ahead of July's general
election what if anything can be done to
ensure their safety and security
that's today on the stream we're live
right now on al Jazeera and YouTube you
can leave your comments in the chat and
I will do my very best to get them into
this conversation hi I'm Christian
business I am the director of NRC in
Colombia and your industry
there have been at least a hundred and
seventy-three attacks against Mexican
political candidates since election
season began in September mexico's
general election is scheduled for July
the first and the violence has happened
primarily in provincial areas far away
from the country's political center
authorities have confirmed the deaths of
at least 30 candidates but the Reuters
news agency reports at least 82
politicians have been killed making this
one of the bloodiest election cycles in
recent history the attacks are a
reminder of the intense violence that
has gripped Mexico for the past 12 years
with some political analysts pointing
the finger rival drug cartels who hope
to maintain their power networks no
matter who ends up in the National
Palace some candidates have vowed to
continue their campaigns despite the
threats to their lives and the stream is
fortunate to be joined now via skype by
two candidates doing just that
Maria Mario Alberto Chavez carbajal is
running for president in the
municipality of Eduardo Neri in guerrero
state and in Mexico City mnestheus
agarr√≥ is a former community security
organizer now running for a seat in
cavero State Senate and also joining us
we have David Sperling who will be
interpreting the conversation between
myself Mario and the Stora welcome all
of you it's good to have you here Mario
I want you to give people a sense of
what's happened to you why you've been
campaigning how many times have you been
threatened
hi hello how are you my name is Mario
Alberto Chavez carbajal I am the new
alliance party candidate for mayor in a
war donating and I in the capital of the
state of Guerrero cheap on Seagal there
was attempt on my life 15 days ago when
I was in my vehicle I was driving and
there there were armed gunmen who cut me
off and three people were wounded they
were members of our security team our of
our team we in Eduardo
nettie what we want is security peace
and tranquility that's what we're trying
to bring about it's very dangerous there
we want to work on behalf of get rid o
our state our municipality and
particularly I have to tell you that
there's been three attempts on us
thus far as this month and since in in
May there was just two one is being
investigated and there was a against my
vehicle I was charged and there was
another one as well Mario Mario what I'm
thinking and what the audience must also
be thinking is why are you running if
it's so dangerous I must answer that I
asked the people the team at the
municipality and they told me that we
should continue in this struggle that we
have to work and and that we have to
convince everyone to change things in
the in the municipal capital there's
just too much violence lately and the
reason for continuous that that were
being asked to people want us do they
know where we are in danger but they
know
that we can try to achieve this we can
bring about change with I'm not alone
there's a lot of us that want this many
people want peace in Guerrero and we
want peace particularly in our
municipality of Eduardo Neddy money I am
looking right now at your Facebook page
and I can see pictures of you
campaigning
I am wondering what precautions are you
taking as you campaign to keep yourself
safe firstly I want to tell you that I'm
having been campaigning I'm not yet
campaigning we start the campaign on the
20th of May that's the official start
currently what we're doing right now
we're just visiting friends greeting
people we haven't officially or formally
began the campaign but but people take
care of us Pete the people told us to
run the people want a change we want to
change our municipality people the
people are in charge of taking care of
us of guarding us and protecting us and
they urge us and spur us forward to
continue to try to become mayor of our
municipality of Eduardo Neddy I want to
bring in a story into the conversation a
story I'm going to bring you into the
conversation via a comment from another
political candidate I won't need to have
a listen to Alejandro del Toro couldn't
remove designers the medicines in San
Antonia politic I killed a political
significance pasar algo you know smack a
person he cast inclusion despoil Mata in
/ super me is muy importante llamaste
queer our nose
Allah said no no conveyance in open
Illyria and this particular political
means poison and food to support the
Neda speranza II cases no me Mugen on
medicines Alejandra there talks about
fear turning into hope what is your
current mood and that question is
furnace Dora yes a preguntas perennis
Dora
como se siente ahora que animo tiene our
sister's couch and ons Torah Oh si pero
para usted see okay meaning yes the
questions for me oh good we have a
conviction that we believe in our
candidates a project we do have these
threats but we do have hope - for change
we are publicly filing a complaint and
denouncing the threats that we have in
our state we are currently calling on
appealing to the authorities whose job
it is weak to deal with this and we are
calling on the authorities they are
obligated to provide security for to us
we have to work we had are taking part
in this and the people are asking us to
do this this is a and I hope that the
people have it and we're being called
upon by the people to do this the
authorities have to do so and they have
to provide security to us we are issuing
an appeal and issuing a public
denunciation to not be ignored in them
we have to be protected from anything
that happens authorities have to take
precautions as well as ourselves
I for one in the state what we're doing
is were asking for support from the
community police who to guard us
together with the security that's
provided by the government this think I
remember we're gonna all work together
and we're not gonna be
intimidated we're not gonna be
terrorized that's what they're trying to
do did we're not gonna move aside i from
the very beginning when when my
candidacy was announced I left a dog
head at my door and then my town with
threatened threats calling me up on the
phone and saying that they were waiting
for me to behead me and they have so
terror throughout this date a lot of
people have entered into this panic mode
but I am gonna set an example that we're
not gonna allow this to happen we will
not be terrorized there's a lot of us
and we're he said peace has to come
doesn't come along we have to build it
together and this is an appeal to the
entire population to the entire country
for all of us who are attentive to where
our eyes are fixed on this as well as
the candidate of the President of the
Republic as well as state level and
local candidates were all watching this
closely mr. I want to share some of the
pictures of you campaigning I've taken
them from your Facebook page there's a
picture here where you're campaigning
this is in the store right here in case
you can't see here I'm gonna go a little
bit closer so you can see you're here
what you're asking is for security more
security we've heard the stories about
you being threatened your life being
threatened and Lexi here on Twitter says
the following
they are 128 senators 500 deputed OHS 8
governors 200 thousand eight hundred and
nine presidents music municipal so
present so the municipal and thirty
states that play there is no way to
protect everybody what would you say to
that you can't protect everybody colossi
of course yes they can protect the
ribbon and they have their duty to do so
if they have police officers they have
the army is standing there doing nothing
on the streets I believe they can
protect us they can protect candidates
all of them and if they can't they must
say so and we the people ourselves will
do so we as police of it community
police officers in our state when I was
the coordinator I know from from that
position that we can do it the problem
is that the the government doesn't
provide security and we're attacked and
they have a system in place that
represses us and puts us down and so
when I say they answered me when I call
for security that they were going to
provide security that whatever happens
is the responsibility of the government
and it's in the hands of the government
if the government says that it cannot
provide security to us then we will
produce the people that provide security
it depends on what they said they told
me that we're gonna provide security
when I went in January right now I have
been in other states here in the Mexican
Republic and here in this in Mexico City
as well that I'm gonna be leaving on the
16th of May to begin officially my
campaign in Guerrero stay with events
campaign events and the government knows
that I will be there if it doesn't do
its job it's the its responsibility and
yes they can provide security to us we
can be because we are aware we know how
they operate and in these states
ok so Mario and Inez Dora what I wanted
to say was thank you for being here on
the stream and we wish you a very safe
election campaign until July the first
we will be checking in with you just
after the elections to see how you did
thank you for joining us on the stream
so joining us to help us explain further
just how precarious situation in Mexico
has been since September when election
season began Jose Moreno is a political
scientist working for the center for
economic research and teaching he joins
us from Mexico City and also in Mexico
City we have andalucian know who is a
journalist who routinely covers the
violence happening throughout the
country so Jose as you were listening to
those two politicians talking about
their everyday dangers this is their
campaign life what was the first thought
that came to your mind is y'all hearing
that are they unique special did we find
two unusual cases well no I mean
violence against local authorities has
been happening for a long time now this
is probably the most violent election
that we have lived so far so no they're
not anomalies they're part of a pattern
that has been going on for the last 130
years so we often talk about violence in
Mexico and Aleutian island I often ask
you so what did we do about this when it
was the first candidate debate so this
was back in April some of the candidates
were asked well what are you going to do
about this finances upsurge in violence
during this campaign season John Holman
was the reporter and this was how he
captured that a little bit of a question
that was asked back in April have a
listen everybody the first presidential
debate was the chance for candidates to
say exactly how they'll stop the killing
the country was looking on it may have
been disappointed
bullets were brandished graphs were held
aloft but beneath the posturing analysts
said that fresh ideas were lacking the
one brand-new one this necesitamos
Maugeri la mano we need to chop the hand
of any public servants who steal it's
not a bad thing
as live chef have you heard any
practical solutions to how you actually
deal with this I'm not sure chopping
hands off is gonna be helpful no but I
actually did want to respond to the part
I mean I think some people could think
it's a joke when I was watching the
debate and I heard Jaime Rodriguez who's
a Bronco who's an independent candidate
it was actually believed that he had
many false signatures that allowed him
to become an independent candidate but
there he is
um the following day in Acapulco
Guerrero the state where both Mario and
his daughter are from a person was
killed and have their hands chopped off
and there was a note that was like oh
we're following after what el Bronco
said this is a lesson he give so that to
show that the violent what he
recommended for curing the problem of
violence actually people started using
that recommendation um I think that it's
much deeper analysis is needed and the
problem isn't so much that the violence
against the candidates which of course
is an enormous problem but also Mexico
is one of the top countries in the world
for murders of journalists politicians
mayors and priests and there's the
impunity in all of these cases so I
think personally that one of the most
important things is to eliminate
impunity which is up to over 95% in the
country and that is why violence is also
on the rise last year we had the highest
homicide rate in many decades that was
close to 30,000 people that were
murdered last year and so since there is
just complete impunity and also a lot of
this violence occurs on the nation's
highways that are in very isolated areas
often where there's not even phone
service that is where these candidates
are being attacked and that is where
many ordinary people are being attacked
so I think it's important to eliminate
and attack the impunity and that would
also attack impunity for all of the
actors that are engaged in these violent
activities against candidates
Hosea Hart he's live on YouTube right
now we're live streaming right now I'm
heart says what is being done right now
about the violence well not much I mean
these government follow the same
strategy as the previous one which is
a war that's how they frame it against
drug trafficking so a result of that war
is actually what we're witnessing and
that's the level of violence we have
today as a policy for reduction of
violence no there's no such a thing
currently there is one proposal from
their front burner candidate and because
my lupus or other in terms of
peacebuilding like a big comprehensive
process of peacebuilding in the country
that actually is directed more to
reducing violence than to continue in
the same punitive strategy that we have
witnessed so far going back to Twitter
and Alexi here Alexi says the rise of
violence has a great impact on the
democracy for the communities this type
of violence denied for many people
access to compete for office they're
scared off they're afraid of getting
killed which thing goes to ppts OTR on
youtube he says what is the general
Mexican populations attitude towards the
politicians who are murdered I'm just
thinking about that Andalusia does this
have an impact I mean I thought people
with Reuters saying I'm 82 in a campaign
and we're not even close to July yet and
that's extraordinary
is it not right this is the highest
level of violence in elections that we
have seen and sadly it has become very
normalized actually what has helped
visualize this was one study that was
done that put those numbers together but
when you actually go and try to look for
more information on many of these
candidates that even the ones that have
been killed you often only find a few
lines in local newspapers if it makes
national headlines it's also a few lines
there's no it's just seen as normal I
mean I think this is a lot of the
violence in Mexico has become normalized
you know just two days ago
nine people were found dead in a trailer
in right outside the capital of Guerrero
and I looked for that information and it
was also mostly in local newspapers and
just a little in national but I think
the problem is that people have become
so normalized to the violence and also
many are thinking that there which there
is a very close connection between
many political candidates candidates and
organized crime so I think also others
think that there's always this belief
that if you were killed in Mexico it's
because you are responsible for your own
death and therefore you were doing
something wrong whereas it is possible
that some of these candidates that have
been attacked or killed do have
connections with organized crime or it's
also possible that many of them have
refused to work with organized crime and
that's why yes I say I'm sorry I agree
with Andalusia but I don't think we have
proof you know of those connections I
mean I I would I mean there are two
things one I don't think violence has
become normalized in Mexico but if you
were a media outlet you cannot have you
know every single occurrence of violence
in the country for the last 12 years at
some point it just stopped being news
unfortunately but also on the other hand
I seen a different process which is for
the first time in a campaign election
violence is at the center of the
campaign of the election and it has
become a topic that didn't happen in
2006 and that didn't happen in 2012
second you have to understand the media
environment and Andalusia I'm sure no
say better than me but local papers have
not many mechanisms to defend themselves
from threats from organized crime or
from those authorities that are
complicit with organized crime so they
the only option they have is just to
start publishing any information about
violence drug trafficking drug
production and in the case of national
outlets one they have never really cared
that much about the violence issue
except for a couple and two out of all
the national newspapers only one could
survive without government money so that
also affected the set of incentives of
this media especially printed newspapers
have to present unpublished information
on these on this regard so I don't think
like I mean I refuse to believe that
violence has become normal in Mexico I
mean
of course I'm very comfortably sitting
here at downtown Mexico City and I'm not
in the you know house did you not just
hear those two politicians who were
talking about the dead dog
the threats they're being driven off the
road you don't think that's now
normalized I don't know what your
question is like whether we perceive it
as something normal whether that's every
day now that's part of everyday life it
is part of everyday life all right
I don't think we have become indifferent
right I see what you're sexually what I
what I see this election particularly
and III think it's the most important
thing is that now you see a sort of
cohesive movement of victims AHA who
have become part of the national
conversation I'm talking about the
mothers of missing young males mostly
I'm talking about local organizations I
have work on human rights issues and now
they have the support of national
organizations as well so for the first
time we're witnessing a movement from
civil society up and these topic
homicides disappearances are now a
central topic in the election for the
first time and rightly so Jose and aunt
Aleutian let me play this to you I was
wondering we were talking about what
what's the impact and what's being done
and I was curious about the role of the
church this is father Harris Mendoza
he's a Catholic priest in Guerrero this
is what he told Reuters a couple of
weeks ago have a listen when I was in
Rome grew pyramidal an armed group
walked England's there were like 15 of
them I think they were in the middle of
a conflict and showed up in the middle
of mass I told them they waited and at
the end they asked me to give them my
blessing I told them to put the weapons
away with guns
there is no blessing the henesys I must
go enormous naive and assume a delicious
this is a complicated problem with the
church and the Catholic Church are they
working with criminals or against them
are they reprimanding them are they
possible wait
see how we can keep politicians safe all
the way through to the end of the
election campaign sure it's a
complicated issue as I mentioned that
it's the same as that there are
candidates that do have also are meaning
it don't it's the same with priests and
actually it's a number that I myself
have tried to find us how many priests
have been assassinated in Mexico which
is much higher than most countries of
the world but I have not been able to
find that statistic but I think often
there are priests like the one who's
speaking there are ones who are speaking
out against the violence who have helped
some of these organizations that Jose
mentioned that have helped the families
of the disappeared come together as is
the case in iguala guerrero which is
where the 43 students were disappeared
three and a half years ago or have
really been the only place that have
been willing to respond to many citizens
complained about violence when they have
fear of going to the police so I often
think that it Charisse are come under
attack not because they're working with
organized crime but because they are
helping those who are victims of
organized right I understand alright so
Jose and Andalusia I'm going to say
thank you I really appreciate your
insight today and also to Mario and Ness
thora for being on a little bit earlier
and also David for making me sound like
I'm fluent in Spanish I appreciate that
David I'm going to end here with Carlos
Britta verified Carlos is running for
mayor in a hotel ax and he talks about
fear and he says fear is natural and
even healthy all the people that make up
the team together with the one I contend
with have been direct victims of the
violence such as kidnappings and murders
if we are here it is not because we
believe it is easy but because it is
necessary that is a local candidate for
mayor in Mexico I wish or a successful
and safe campaign thank you guys for
being with us we continue our
conversation always online hashtag a day
stream see you next time
you
you
