it's a city of culture and
counterculture where the walls of
buildings are the canvas on which
politics and society sometimes collide
in an art form that owes much to the an
Arctic where what matters is the work
the artists themselves want to remain
anonymous and not to have limits placed
on their creativity if there's new
buildings being build that's all like
it's good like that's I mean more
important than like street art it's like
something that is born on its own and
doesn't have like when it gets too well
regulated or sanctioned then it won't
really be alive anymore so and you get a
feel for just how alive the scene really
is in districts like Whitesburg where
improvised astronauts stare down at you
from buildings how the fruit of the
artist's labor is there for all to see
and where people feel walls are just
murals waiting to be painted more and
more street artists are coming here from
across the world really it's more and
more and as far as I know this year
alone more than 50 new murals are going
to be painted in a very short time but
in a city with a constant need for new
housing and more office space often
world-renowned examples of street art
can end up obscured by new buildings
recent figures suggest the vacancy rate
in existing apartment buildings is just
one and a half percent at a time when 58
percent of all households are occupied
by single people leaving the city
planning authorities with the dilemma of
how to protect cultural treasures while
accommodating the ever-growing number of
people who want to live among them we
have to deal with investors that want to
build blocks and things like that and so
everyone has to find solutions what
could stay and what could has to go I am
NOT a friend of having a sort of staying
all these nice gravities and things like
that forever there are some examples of
streets out there in this city which do
have protection when Germans called den
kasha
such as here what's left of the Berlin
Wall at what's called the eastside
gallery but even here it's clear where
modern buildings have really taken over
and yet some believe those modern
buildings that obscure the art of
yesteryear also provide a platform to
paint the pictures of the present
Dominic Kane al Jazeera Berlin
