it's dark there are electrical wires
haphazardly strong and it smells like
sewage this is the hallway of a 1960s
dormitory built for construction workers
we're impoverished families with no
other options now live on this morning
social workers are paying a visit to
Rita Nasser yawns eight family members
are packed into this apartment with a
makeshift kitchen on the balcony the
grandmother has lived behind these four
crumbling walls for 27 years but she
says this is hardly a home my
psychological state isn't just the only
issue but also my health I have diabetes
I don't sleep at night there is no space
to work and I paced back and forth
my legs hit the bed chairs tables this
community lives in the shadow of the
Mets amore nuclear power plant a lack of
jobs is keeping several generations
rooted in this place they desperately
want to leave poverty and a stagnant
economy drove protesters into the
streets over the last several weeks the
World Bank says almost 30% of Armenians
live below the poverty line the official
unemployment rate is 20%
but experts say it's much higher social
worker connery Goran fillion says the
government provides meager assistance to
Armenia's poor and corruption has pushed
them to the margins of society control
Kira Hall every third child is living in
poverty and is vulnerable behind every
child is a family we don't have enough
social workers for them for every
hundred thousand people
there's not one full-time social worker
some of nazareans grandchildren joined
the anti-government protests that led to
the resignation of the prime minister
she says she wants to have hope but
wonders how much change a new government
will bring Madonna
we told the regional authorities who
have problems and they said if you will
get our problems you would cry they say
we have to cry for them instead of them
crying for us they are not even helping
a little bit nothing for neither yawns
the present can only be improved at her
family's future secured by one thing the
opportunity to live in what she calls a
real home Natasha ganado
al-jazeera med sommore Armenia
