a father's pain from losing his son in
the Parkland Florida school shooting
turned protest Manuel Oliver has been
painting protest murals since his
17-year old son was killed and now he
says he wants to invite President Donald
Trump to the family's home for a father
to father visit he will see an empty
room very powerful images of my son all
around my house we are we're still with
him every single day we'll wake up but
we cannot listen to his laugh through
his jokes to his music there's little
chance Trump would accept such an
invitation on Friday the president
basked in the approval of the National
Rifle Association the powerful gun lobby
that gave his campaign more than 30
million dollars your Second Amendment
rights are under siege but they will
never ever be under siege as long as I'm
your president Trump expressed sympathy
for the victims but has done little to
reform gun law since the Florida
shooting that killed 17 that's despite
student marches and polls showing that a
growing number of Americans almost 70
percent support more gun control
protesters say they'll show their power
in the upcoming midterm elections we've
seen tragedy after tragedy we've waited
for our politicians to speak up for us
at some point you realize they're not
and that it's our time to speak up for
ourselves and if they don't support us
then like I said come November we're
gonna start voting and people who
actually care about the American people
the students against guns aren't the
only ones here protesting this group of
civilians armed with rifles and pistols
who are legally allowed to carry the
weapons in public are also making their
voices heard they
a very different point of view their
constitutional right to bear arms the
two sides clashing renewing to stark
relief two very different Americas
just exercise our Second Amendment right
we like to show that just because you
have a gun you're not going to go shoot
children but children have been the
casualties of gun violence
leaving grieving parents and a divided
country in their wake Heidi Joe Castro
al Jazeera Dallas
