the call for amnesty for victims of a
scandal that goes to the heart of the
British government a scandal that's
affected thousands of people of
Caribbean origin and their fight to
remain in the country meant to be their
home and in the stories weren't open the
wind rush generation who went to Britain
between 1948 and 1971 were vital in
rebuilding the nation after the Second
World War but for many the right to
remain in the UK has been fraught with
difficulties by government blunders no
records were kept for those who were
granted permission to stay permanently
and no paperwork was issued to confirm
it and in 2010 the British Home Office
destroyed landing cards that belonged to
Windrush migrants risking the status of
people who have been living here legally
in the UK for decades many of those
affected lost their jobs and were denied
access to health care benefits and
pensions
there were even threatened for
deportation what government has promised
to resolve the Windrush affair within
two weeks there are still so many
unanswered questions and just last week
the ruling party voted against the
release of secret documents relating to
the Windrush crisis saying that it was
disproportionate during last week's
Prime Minister's Questions to resume
promised more transparency into how such
wrongful deportations and detention is
occurred but so far she has resisted
discarding further immigration controls
despite increasing pressure we all share
the ambition to make sure we do right by
members of the Windrush generation and
that's why he will be announcing a
package of measures to bring
transparency on the issue to inform make
sure that the house is informed to
reassure members of this house but more
importantly to reassure those people who
have been directly affected under
emergency government measures thousands
of people will be offered the chance to
obtain British citizenship free of
charge as well as the right to
compensation for those affected it is
perhaps
too little too late you live on your
life here and they're telling you you
don't belong the anger and hurt of a
generation who were betrayed by a
country they believed in Santiago
al-jazeera London
