because I don't want Saudi journalist
Jamal khashoggi has been missing for a
week and for the first time u.s.
President Donald Trump has addressed it
and he's not happy I am concerned about
it I don't like hearing about it
and hopefully that will sort itself out
right now nobody knows anything about it
but there's a pretty bad stories going
around I do not like it the US
government has mostly remained silent on
reports Saudi Arabia might have murdered
Khashoggi Saudi Arabia denies any
involvement
late Monday vice president Mike Pence
tweeted deeply troubled to hear reports
about Saudi Arabian journalist Jamal
khashoggi if true this is a tragic day
violence against journalists across the
globe is a threat to freedom of the
press and human rights the free world
deserves answers the outspoken
journalist was a u.s. resident and
well-known in the halls of power here in
Washington from his bid platform as a
columnist at the Washington Post where
his writing was often very critical of
Saudi Arabia's government particularly
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman pogies
disappearance now as many people in this
city demanding answers I think it's very
disturbing it's very unnerving we just
need to get clear facts from both
governments Senator Lindsey Graham
tweeted we agree if there was any truth
to the allegations of wrongdoing by the
Saudi government it would be devastating
to the us-saudi relationship and there
will be a heavy price to pay
economically and otherwise he means that
there's gonna be a really relate
of aid by the military aid by the United
States or military sales to the Saudi
government and there's going to be once
again a distance between the United
States and that government it's now
clear Washington has joined the chorus
of calls to Saudi Arabia for answers on
the growing international scandal
khashoggi disappearance Gabe Rose and√∂
al Jazeera Washington
