it fought for decades for homeland in
northern Spain and southwest France now
the separates armed group etta says it's
disbanding but what's behind their
decision and what will it mean for other
separatist movements in Europe this is
inside story
hello and welcome to the program a
mother dr. Hameed for over 40 years
Etta has waged Afghan a campaign of
violence killing hundreds of people and
injuring thousands more the separatist
group whose name stands for Basque
homeland and freedom had wanted an
independent state in parts of Spain and
France attend now says it's dissolving
its organization and ending its violent
campaign international negotiators have
failed its announcement and called for
dialogue the group issued an apology
last month to the victims saying it took
direct responsibility but Spain's Prime
Minister Mariano Rajoy says attest
crimes will not go unpunished oh yeah I
reckon Ossie doper fini
today Etta has finally recognized after
50 years that all of its history has
been a failure it achieved none of the
political goals that it said itself
during all of its criminal history none
the terrorists didn't get anything from
killing people nor for stopping it a few
years ago and they will get nothing for
announcing their dissolution I said it
yesterday and I repeated today the
crimes of Etta will continue to be
investigated their crimes will continue
to be judged and punished and the
punishments will continue being carried
out in the streets of the bus city of
Bilbao people reacted to the news of
Etta's dissolution with both relief and
hope that dialogue for peace may now
begin when out of the fear well I think
Etta's disillusion is very good news we
were all waiting for this to happen but
now that this tip has been taken I think
it's important for the Spanish
government to take steps to so the law
can be fulfilled in all senses like
returning prisoners to prisons in the
past community I think it is something
we have all been expecting and wanting
there has been a lot of suffering for
the people from here and there have been
a lot of innocent victims while it as
the solution closes one of Spain's
darkest chapters two wounds from this
decades-long conflict will take a lot
longer to heal the 300 or so etter
related murders that remain unsolved are
a huge obstacle to reconciliation the
victims
families and the government demand
former members fully cooperating the
investigations across the divide many
call for relief for the hundreds of etta
inmates scattered across Spain relatives
and sympathizers would like to see them
relocated to prisons closer to their
homes in the basque country
but the spanish government does not
appear to be in the mood to negotiate
after Etta's dissolution announcement
Prime Minister Ahoy said the terrorists
will get nothing for their decision
let's bring our guests in from Barcelona
or ich Salida Cal senior professor
emeritus at Pompeii Fabra University in
Barcelona from the Belgian city of
Bruges Luc van Langan Hova academic
director at the Institute for European
studies and joining us from Nova Greece
in Slovenia near Italy's border Gianluca
boos Otto
gentlemen thank you very much for
joining us a leak Ilse lie I'd like to
start with you
Prime Minister Ahoy says that Etta
actually didn't achieve anything in
about sixty years of fighting yet the
group says that it has reached the end
of its journey what do we what do we
understand from that better did achieve
one very major objective which was the
murder in 1973 of Franco's apparent
political successor and that gave it a
very very strong push and a very very
strong prestige that in the impact of
querido Blancos death however was
dissipated by an increase in a terrorist
campaign in a murder campaign which
confused many and which has led over a
contradictory path to the present so it
is not an easy balance to deal with
there are I think voices even within the
governing Conservative Party that are
talking about returning basque prisoners
to Basque jails and so relieving the
families of the need to travel for hours
and hours and hours to see their loved
ones it's not clear that much more well
at least in the short term be achieved
okay Luke Van Londen over now Etta was
one of the most robust separatist
movements in Europe that decision is it
likely to have an impact on other
separatist movements across the European
continent I think indeed that it's
probably a manifestation of a more
general trend that is that we are going
to let what I call a negotiated soccer
vanity where you have people from
different political backgrounds that
stick together and that try to negotiate
it because what we have to take into
account is that the question of
separatism is not new the the world of
states as we know it know it today is
not stable I mean the whole history is
one of big states being created than
being back going to smaller units
Dickens's Germany Germany as we now we
know it now was in 1800 composed of
about 90 states and then there was a
tendency of integration so it goes back
and forward but the main reason behind
it is what I think today is the the
fears that some people have for
globalization and the the reaction
against globalization which is let's say
the call for being as autonomous
responsible Luca Boozer
you actually had organized an unofficial
independence referendum in Venice and
then we met during the non-binding
referendum in October 2017 how do you
take that news of
at now stopping all activities of course
it is a good news for generally speaking
and specifically for the independence
movement all over Europe in the world it
is definitely a chapter of the last
century that it was still somehow open
and now it has been closed with all the
unfortunately violent no Pacific history
of that century so I think that talking
about modernity the independence
movements all over Europe and the world
as are obligated to pursue a Pacific way
to gain their goals and I think that it
this particularly is a very good news
because that chapter was how to say
something that created a problem in the
independence movements not only of
course for the basic people and I hope
this will help to heal the enormous
tremendous suffering suing our political
rights and freedom of expression can
wreak do you think Etta has abandoned
its ways because of a recognition that
violence doesn't achieve anything is it
isn't the best country today better off
than 60 years ago when all of this
started isn't that redoes in that region
have now more autonomy that actually in
the past it has much more autonomy there
are regions or the whole reorganization
of
on a regional as on a regionalized basis
on the basis of devolution of central
power to regional autonomies has altered
everything and it's altered a great deal
especially in linguistic and cultural
aspects it has faced especially since it
dis announced a ceasefire in 2011 has
had a very bitter internal fight between
the hardline defenders of an armed
struggle of continuing the armed
struggle in one way or another
continuing the idea of a pressure group
that was not political and the political
wing every but the Sunnah which was much
more open to a political solution the
current situation can be taken as
finally the victory of bethis una in
relation to it but a lot of it a large
part of it was an internal basque fight
aside from a fight with the spanish
government and with spanish nationalism
because the timing of it is a bit
surprising I think for many considering
that on the other side in Spain you have
the problem of Catalonia cattle or the
Catalonian regional government tried to
achieve or declared independence backed
off from that but anyway try to get
certainly get more out of the central
government in Madrid and many in
Catalonia would argue that democratic
ways didn't lead to much considering
them much of that leadership is now in
jail so one looks at eight on one side
that is a ban they're closing down
saying violence didn't work and then you
look at the Catalonian side and there
you would have people who say well
pursuing democratic path doesn't work
it's a bit confusing from the outside
two things one the Basques have gotten
to where the Catalans are now and the
catalan debate is a complex one
and with just a possible hint of tension
behind it which which the Basque
experience would alter the other thing
and which no one is taking into account
is that the great guiding element for
Basque for the past pacification was the
intervention of Irish politics and Irish
politics is now at a crisis point
because everything that led to
pacification is now falling apart with
brexit sure and this is a major
background problem well I just wanna
bring in look again now there are many
separatist movements around Europe you
have Scotland you have in the the flank
Flanders in Belgium you have Lombardy
and Veneto in Italy and so forth you
were saying earlier that that was a
reaction against globalization isn't it
also a reaction against the EU itself in
the sense that there were too many
regulations that people found intrusive
that people were some people feel that
they're losing their cultural identity a
lot of people in Europe for example
complain that the EU also regulates what
they eat and how they eat it isn't that
what's happening well actually I don't
think so I think the European project is
not about imposing a kind of general EU
culture to the different peoples and the
different nations of Europe on the
contrary I believe that EU does a lot to
protect the local identities for
instance the fruit that is now regulated
think of the Greek feta cheese I mean
other states are not allowed to use that
label and stuff like that so no I really
don't think you can blame the EU for
that on the other hand I do think that
many people will see or will think about
EU in the same terms as they think about
globalization as a force that triggers
the idea I think the illusion that you
are better off in smaller units and that
indeed
is not only related to the separatist or
the independence movements but also to
things happening so we flex it it's it's
the idea that you are really better off
in your own small corner then in a
globalized world and related to this
comes then an economic issue quite often
one of the background reasons for
independent striving towards more
independence is the idea that people
have that you are contributing much more
to the wealth of the other regions of a
country then they get back from the
central state so this is about transfers
of money this is about limits to
solidarity and that I think is one of
the main reasons why we see that in many
cases actually the more richer parts of
countries are heading towards or
claiming that they need more autonomy
and even go for independence well look
at booze Otto you come from one of the
richest regions of Italy Veneto in the
north and you are actually you do
support independence and you actually
thought that the referendum of last
October which asked voters whether they
wanted more autonomy from the central
government in Rome wasn't far reaching
enough why do you want to have an
independent Veneto and don't you think
that in today's world to have a small
country a small state can actually be
difficult to handle I think on the
contrary that globalization helped
smaller country when they are part for
example of a a geopolitical bloc like it
could be the European Union and a clear
example of this is also the ranking of
the wealthiest countries in the world
where they came first position are
occupied by countries that has less than
5 million inhabitants
and I think that generally speaking this
helps also the other parts of the state
in this case at the south of Italy
because in this moment they are linked
to a model in which they have money
airdrops of free money but this isn't
helping them if you think for example
that in South in Italy you have an
unemployment rate of 40% of people
especially in the young people so I
think that independence of Veneto
lombardi Catalonia Scotland and so on is
the best way to give us to a new subject
is the Europe Union the opportunity to
better work because I say very simply
what is the use of Roma if we have
already processed so in shorter terms I
think that with the more important
central power due to globalization
probably it's better have a better
flexibility with smaller country that
cannot so absorb the changes that are
necessary in a very turbulent nowadays
world isn't there also another issue
here is that none of these referendums
that happen whether it's Scotland or
Lombardy of Anita or even Catalonia had
a clear majority and it's not very clear
either whether these groups have the
support of at least some of the majority
if you know if I may put it that way
these referendums didn't really reveal
that isn't that one of the issues is
that maybe one of the issues why or
reasons why it I decided to disband I
would as I would assume that it is I
would assume that the pressure of the
political wing finally got through and
finally got to a situation in which
a relatively small number of activists
probably not certainly not more than a
couple of hundred maybe significantly
less we're blocking a serious political
situation from developing and growing
and allowing the left nationalists from
having political power they have
representation in Navarre one of the
long-term Basque discussions is the
relationship between navara and the
other three Basque areas in Spain and
then they what there is on the other
side of the Basque French Basque Country
so getting rid of a a terrorist
apparatus that was very much a product
of the 1960's and 1970's is something is
I think useful it gets something out of
the way what it effect this can have I
think nationalist movements like other
ideologies are very linked to fashion
and in the 60s in the 70s the fashion
was was armed struggle and sort of
vietnamese vision of small fighters
defeating big powers this is not the way
to look at politics and at the end of
the second decade of the 21st century in
which new kinds of politics are
appearing and in which it's not clear
that for instance in the European Union
that the state-based system as it is now
is going to be successful in the long
term there was a long-running discussion
about giving regional representation a
larger voice in EU politics there was
also the subject of cities
and urban networks and what
representation they would have I would
think that these would be issues that
should come to the floor and that themes
of armed struggle would go into a more
historical distance a more historical
perspective look I see you nodding in
agreement is this a matter really what's
happening in Europe is that as you said
earlier as well that it boils down to
finances to people wanting to control
where the regional government the
regional money is invested wanting to
have a greater return on that taxes and
maybe also wanting to have a bit more
control about on immigration policies
over the past few years I think that has
also become part of the conversation
what does the EU have has to do now to
solve this well first of all the EU is a
group of states and of course that means
that the rule of law of all of the
states needs to be safeguarded at any
moment so this makes it for the EU very
difficult to say oh yes we're gonna
support some claims for more autonomy or
even independence that is very unlikely
to happen but I do agree that in the
past you had has already done a lot for
giving some powers to regions but much
more could be done now the problem is
that in many cases federal states have
already given quite some autonomy over
many different policy areas to regions
but in doing so they have created
regional entities that look like that
more and more look like as as if there
are state themselves and and this I
think a lot of people thought that would
end the claims to autonomy that what we
see is just the opposite the more
autonomy you give to region do more
autonomy even that region wants to get
in in the future so that there is a kind
of paradox here between the states
trying to safeguard itself and giving
indeed autonomy to learn to smaller
units because if you do so you will
you more and more claims for
independence and an autonomy and it is
one of the you look up briefly now you
had your referendum turnout 57% yes vote
went by more than 90 percent but at the
end of the day no one called for
independence what's that the you you you
can get more autonomy from Rome which
anyway is a constitutional right in
Italy so what's the next step now for
you the next step of course is creating
a path that will use other tools that
our economy and technology because as we
can say the actual path used by regional
parties is without any hope Rome has
hasn't given even any answer and if also
if Roma will answer it will be with
nothing because we we know very well
that the Constitution Constitution
doesn't permit the region to apply their
taxes for example so I think that
probably will need to use some other
democratic pacific tools like creating
economic organizations and technology
achievement like digital platforms use
of blockchain technology as we are doing
to create a sort of crypto state that
will help the citizen the nation citizen
to disintermediate respond with all
respect to the italians yeah
unfortunately we're out of time so I'm
gonna thank you to all our guests enrico
of saliva cal luc van Lankan hava and
Gianluca booze otto and thank you for
watching you can see the program again
any time by visiting our website
aljazeera.com and for further discussion
go to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
inside story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
a
J inside story from me hood Abdul Hamid
and the entire team here in Doha bye for
now
you
you
