corrupt inefficient and in some cases
even in league with organized crime not
surprisingly many Mets can simply don't
trust their police officers but there is
another sides of the story a survey of
almost 5,000 police men and women found
that many especially at municipal level
are badly paid and lack the basic
equipment to do their jobs this office
in Tijuana one of the most violent towns
in the country told us they aren't
supplied with enough bullets and
regularly have to buy their own it's not
just arms elsewhere Francisco Esquivel
had to retire after damaging his spine
push-starting his police truck every
morning he says he spent a year asking
superiors for a new battery they always
told me the same he says put up with it
or buy one yourself NGO cousing COO moon
who surveyed officers across the country
found some police paying for uniforms
car repairs and petrol all out of their
own low salaries so if you've got a
police
that's badly trained and not paid the
right amount what are the implications
for society in general in Mexico well if
you get paid like 200 bucks a month and
organized crime counseling gives you
one thousand a month of course we're
going to take it for many there's few
other ways to get ahead more than
two-thirds of police surveyed had never
been promoted officer is my old Ramos
told us that in many cases the only way
to get a step up is to pay superior
officers it's called the quota here we
have intermediate positions superior
positions and it all costs depending on
the position that you want and it of
course is the legal but that's a system
in the Mexico City the Mexico City
police force told Al Jazeera they didn't
know of any such cases although the
quota isn't present in every force other
municipal policemen told us they have to
pay not for promotion but to get a car
will decide where they Patrol they said
the systemic corruption leads to some
officers extorting the population to pay
their own superiors which in turn leads
to the Mexican public distrusting the
police it's a vicious cycle and it's
happening just at the wrong time MIT's
Qamar der levels are the highest in two
decades and the country needs a strong
respective force to deal with that and
as for the police who are trying to stay
honest is Maya Ramos has 20 years
experience to decorations for bravery
and a master's in public security but
he's been assigned the job he says of a
new recruit guarding a metro station
John Holman al Jazeera Mexico City
