this is the moment when an Indian
security vehicle crushes a Kashmiri
protester the vehicle drives on and the
wounded man is left behind he later died
of his injuries Indian forces say they
are investigating what happened it is
now under control as you got that
casualty of a civilian it's a still to
be ascertain like what are the factors
how he succumbed more than a dozen
people have been killed in escalating
violence in indian-administered Kashmir
last month the UN secretary-general
urged that the loss of civilian lives
needs to be investigated and yet it's
been another day of violence this time
it began when soldiers raided homes in a
densely populated area in the city of
Srinagar security forces say they had
information that fighters were hiding in
that area when they were asked to
surrender the soldiers say the fighters
started shooting things are under
control everything is under control we
want to do a clean operation so that
there is not much there is no damage of
a civilian property and another thing so
things are under control yeah all three
fighters were killed by security forces
during their operation police accused
protesters of trying to impede their
operation and help the rebels Somali by
illegal are brothers who've left in the
path of Allah they left for us and
they've taken up arms after seeing the
tyranny in Kashmir now we have come out
to rescue our brothers India continues
to blame neighboring Pakistan for
instigating trouble in the disputed
region which Pakistan denials activists
say more than 700 thousand Indian troops
and security personnel have been
deployed in Kashmir and the Army is
opposing calls to repeal a special
Powers Act which prevents the
prosecution of soldiers accused of
abuses Human Rights Watch has urged
India to carry out prompt investigations
into allegations of abuses and to
prosecute those responsible but rights
groups say thousands have already been
killed in Kashmir in nearly three
decades of violence with no sign of
reconciliation anytime
some of the Java al-jazeera
