hello I'm Adrian Finnegan this is
counting the cost on al-jazeera your
weekly look at the world of business and
economics this week
why Saudi Arabia needs foreign cash to
forge a post-oil economy also this week
the first post brigs it EU budget a cup
of coffee a day as all it costs its
citizens according to the Commission but
new funding rules are making some
members very unhappy plus Russia and
Iran want it blocked but millions of
Internet users love it we'll take a look
at the messaging app telegram brand new
mega cities allowing women to drive
foreign runs cinemas the oil-rich
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia is doing
everything it can to convince the world
that it's serious about change it's on a
charm offensive promoting itself as an
international investment destination
trying to lure foreign money to help it
create a new economy to prevent future
instability Crown Prince Mohammed bin
Salman economic reforms are all about
breaking the kingdom's reliance on oil
on Wednesday the IMF said Riyadh's
break-even oil price for 2018 is likely
to be around 88 dollars a barrel brent
is currently trading down around 74
dollars a barrel and although oil is
considerably up from 2014 the director
of the imf's
Middle East Department jihad Azure said
the focus in Saudi needs to remain on
economic and social reform I think the
fact that we are currently witnessing a
recovery globally and in the region and
the fact that all price is going up it
shouldn't at any point in time
considered as a way for them to relax
effort and to be complicit well oil
levels are still too low to balance the
books the 2018 budget deficit is
predicted to come in at around fifty two
billion dollars so the plan is to raise
cash through the sale of state assets
like Saudi Aramco it's tipped to be the
largest IPO in history when it lists a
five percent stake on the Saudi stock
market attracting foreign investment is
key here but a Remco
hasn't opened up the books and there's a
risk that because of its size it would
cause the stock market to move in tandem
at the oil prices and that's despite the
goal to diversify away from crude Saudi
Arabia also has its 250 billion dollar
sovereign wealth fund that money is
being put into everything from
artificial intelligence to robotics but
those kind of investments take time to
pay off and in the meantime the
country's youth need jobs the
International Monetary Fund said that
unless deeper reforms are made millions
of young people entering the labor
market each year may not find work well
joining us now from London is Richard
Segal Richard's a senior emerging
markets analyst with Manulife Asset
Management the fund manager controls
around 400 billion dollars in global
investments that is exactly the kind of
money manager that Saudi Arabia wants to
attract Richard hello welcome to
counting the cost Saudi officials think
that they can grow the economy the
non-oil sector that is of the economy by
the year 2030 is that realistic do you
think you're in this for the long term
are we yes but we do have to think long
term the market hasn't been very open to
foreign investors yet there have been
some listed equities in some state-owned
companies have issued bonds but I would
say it's still very early days however
who willing to look 5 to 10 years down
the road then I think there will be
tremendous opportunities if only because
we are moving here from a standing start
in Saudi Arabia overstretching itself
what happens if it if it fails to meet
those targets
I don't think yet I think there is not
enough evidence in yet but at the same
time I wouldn't be over ambitious about
what they can offer near-term we had
earlier hopes that the Aramco IPO might
occur sooner rather than later but then
they realized it's more important to do
it properly rather than quickly and
these things can be very flexible if a
lot more work needs to be done if they
underestimate the amount of financial
disclosure required for the global
investment community they can always
postpone it
and they also have the
breathing space now that oil prices have
more or less doubled are slightly more
from their bottoms a few years ago let's
talk about the lack of transparency in
in Saudi Arabia that's not going to sit
comfortably with Western fund managers
is it I mean for instance the Aramco IPO
the Saudis insist that the the world's
largest oil company by reserves is worth
around two trillion US dollars but
independent experts doubt that I mean
they're saying it's what anything around
one trillion possibly less it's more or
less a guessing game when it comes to
Saudi Arabia we there are no good
figures look out here or there yes
that's correct and this is something
that Aramco and other companies that
will be privatized will have to consider
over the near to medium term it's
analogous I would say to a lot of the
tech companies which were quite small to
begin with but have since become world
leaders it was a guessing game then and
if we look in retrospect it's almost
alarming how little we knew then but if
you wait a couple years valuations
become a lot more precise right and I
would highlight is that the IMF
published a report about the Middle East
region and they did note that no Noah
growth is exceeding that in the oil
sector this year next by two or three
percentage points which is impressive
but in order for this studies to meet
their goal for increasing the size and
on oil economy they either have to be
more patient meaning wait 10 to 15 years
or allow the economy to become much more
diverse and I think it's probably more
likely the latter I think they will
achieve their goals but it will take
longer than they hope Saudi Arabia's
sovereign wealth fund that the
government investment vehicle has what
something like two hundred and fifty
billion US dollars under I have assets
under management and there are plans to
expand that to four hundred billion by
by 2020 through local and international
investments but but I come back to it I
mean it is this all too risky can the
Kingdom do it I think that in itself
would be a bit ambitious in terms of
timing if we are talking about 2025 that
might be
realistic but or almost midway through
2018 and the the nature of this in many
other plans of this government and
others in the region is that it's
important to have targets and ambitions
but also accountability but I think that
also with the exception of the
introduction of v80 underestimated how
difficult it would be to launch fiscal
tightening reduction of subsidies and
introduction of structural reforms from
a standing start when in many cases they
didn't even have the computer systems in
place and that in itself can take a long
time a lot of testing is required I
wouldn't necessarily say that they are
taking on too much risk but I would say
that they are maybe biting off more than
they can chew so maybe they need to take
smaller bites ok and they will
eventually get there but not as quickly
many thanks indeed Richard for being
with us on counting the cost really good
to talk to you thank you see her now in
Russia people are flying paper planes to
protest against recent restrictions on
Internet freedom they're a symbol of
support for the encrypted messaging app
telegram which the Kremlin recently
banned that it's also being banned in
Iran
al-jazeera's jonah hull reports in
moscow they demanded the government
unblock the popular instant messaging
app telegram the company had refused an
official order to hand over the data
encryption keys that keep messages sent
on telegram private
Russia's Federal Security Service the
FSB says that privacy is a shelter for
criminal and terrorist groups but
telegram users see it as an attack on
free speech it's a beginning it's a very
start of censorship telegrams logo
depicts a paper plane and hundreds were
launched as demonstrators shouted
anti-putin slogans opposition leader
Alexei Navalny was there ensuring the
authorities would not overlook this
demonstration I have my rights and I
don't care about these bands I do what I
want what I need to and whatever I'm
allowed to do under the Constitution
Russia is not the only country in which
telegram has fallen foul of the
authorities on Monday Iran's judiciary
sidelined the reformist government by
announcing a ban on the app also citing
threats to national security the clerics
said telegram had been used to organize
anti-government protests that swept the
country in January it's a combination of
something like whatsapp and Twitter that
we might have here in the United Kingdom
so it's these two platforms combined for
Iranians oftentimes so it's very
important and if you look back to some
previous elections you can kind of
correlate the victories of those that
won the most seats in Parliament or the
rouhani victory you can kind of see how
effective they were in using social
media especially in using various
telegram channels that were supporting
them so telegram is seen as a threat by
those opposed to reform in Iran and
protesters in Russia would say the same
thing the apps founder Russian
entrepreneur Pavel Durov is fighting
back he's promised to fund anyone
developing proxy platforms online able
to dodge the ban
Jonah Hill reporting still to come on
counting the cost a culinary sensation
not to be sneezed at how priced spice in
Cambodia is helping farmers weather a
drop in global pepper prices but first
mining for gold is the only source of
income for many people living in the
eastern part of South Sudan but the
country isn't benefiting from it because
most of the gold discovered is quickly
smuggled out of the country
al-jazeera's hipa Morgan reports now
from capoeira state where gold digging
is a way of life look at people and his
friends come to the stream every day and
spent long hours panning for gold
they're hoping to find even a few tiny
specks of the precious metal to support
their families I come here to make a
living I sift through the sand and look
for gold because it's the only way for
me to feed my mother and father if I
find some specks of gold I sell it and
get money to feed my family the 20 year
old says he can make about $30 a day if
he finds a gram of gold and in South
Sudan where the inflation rate is more
than a hundred and twenty percent that's
a fortune the value of the South
Sudanese pound has tumbled because of
the economic crisis caused by the
four-year long civil war for many here
selling gold to traders is the only way
to survive but the government is losing
out because of the inflated economy -
sometimes prefer to sell gold to traders
themselves without going through a
government body
the gold is then smuggled across the
border and sold for higher prices
robbing South Sudan of its wealth less
than half a dozen companies have
licenses to mine for gold in South Sudan
the Civil War has discouraged many
companies and miners working for
themselves prefer to deal directly with
traders who prefer gold instead of the
declining currency South Sudan's
currency is not accepted everywhere
things are becoming expensive so if we
can find any other currency like gold
yes we'll take it to keep up with the
inflation the size of South Sudan's gold
reserves isn't known and fighting has
caused more gold to go abroad
Allu did a teacher bidi member traders
come from Uganda and Kenya and buy gold
from the - people find gold in abundance
but if traders give them thirty dollars
while we give them 20 then manners won't
come to us we are supposed to get at
least 5 kgs every two weeks but we don't
get even 1 kg we are trying to control
the borders but we can't lack of control
which makes it easy for prospectors such
as look at hippo to get a better price
from traders than they would from the
government allowing them to buy more
food for their families talks between
the United Kingdom and the European
Union over how Britain exits the blocker
in crisis and one of the key reasons is
disagreement over what will happen on
the island of Ireland after Briggs's the
--use chief breaks it negotiator is
calling for a deal to preserve the so
called invisible border between the
Republic of Ireland which will remain in
the EU after Briggs it and Northern
Ireland which is part of the UK people
there are worried about the return of
customs checks and security posts on the
long troubled Irish border Laurence Lee
reports if anyone needed proof of how
the European Union's chief brexit
negotiator is viewed in Ireland then the
welcome from the Irish prime minister
said it's all done dorks technology
College was occupied by the leadership
of the entire political class and
everyone else with an interest in making
brexit work for Ireland and by extension
the European Union I have the honor of
introducing someone who has become a
household name in Ireland mr. Bonilla
they all said he will have no closer
friend than us and he in turn promised
to defend Ireland to the end there is no
added value to brexit the consequences
of brexit should not and must not lead
to the return of our border nazar and
maps or in - the dog itself is only a
few kilometers over the border with the
UK and virtually everyone here crosses
as a matter of daily routine the man
from the city's chamber of trade is
raging and what he sees as the UK's
planned betrayal of Pia
here by the proposal to leave the
customs union with Europe I have
somebody that works for me that lives in
Monohan town which is 30 miles away
about 50 kilometres so she crossed the
border twice on the way to walk and she
crosses the border twice in the way home
no she said to me I don't mind being
late in the morning but I do have a
worry over picking the kids up before 6
o'clock in the evening the hills around
the border have in the past seen
fighting between Irish Republicans and
the British army there were also
smugglers routes for contraband the
peace dividend opened the border and
encouraged trade so what next so we're
just crossing the border from the
Republic of Ireland into the north and
therefore the UK more or less the only
reason why you'd know is because the
road signs change color and that's true
in dozens and dozens of other border
crossings between the two countries and
communities in all of those places are
desperately worried that the UK's lack
of clarity about what brexit really
means will end up with physical
roadblocks all over the border mr.
Bernier then went to Nuri the British
city just over the border in the north
where he offered his support to people
who fear exactly the same things as the
people he'd met in Dundalk the business
community in Northern Ireland wants to
remain in the customs union the customs
union it also wants to retain access to
the single market so if those are two
outcomes from the end of this process
just for Northern Ireland that's a very
positive thing that would make Northern
Ireland one of the most attractive
investment locations in the world but
there is one party here which doesn't
like mr. Banja sticking his nose into
North Ireland at all and it props up the
British government's keeping Teresa Mays
Conservatives in power he is here to
represent the views of the European
Union 27 so he's not an honest broker
he's here to represent their views and
the UK government will represent the
views for the people of Northern Ireland
given that the British government is in
disarray anyway and split in half over
its brexit strategy it isn't difficult
for mr. Bernier to look like he knows
what he's doing
he and his supporters must hope they can
use this tour and the UK's weakness to
press home their advance
the European Commission rolled out its
long-term trillion-dollar EU budget
proposal this week it's significant for
a number of reasons for starters it's
the first post brigs it financial
blueprint a smaller EU it seems does not
mean a smaller budget and that's upset
the richer states poorer States are
upset too because there are big changes
to how money is dished out between
member states well joining us now from
Glasgow is John Barclay John's a
professor of European policy studies and
the director of the European policies
Research Center at the University of
Strathclyde John good to have you with
us one of the key takeaways for me is
the linking of funding to rule of law
how much of a problem is that going to
cause that the visa grad countries
that's going to be a big problem
one Polish diplomat has called the
proposal toxic clearly it is aimed very
much at countries like like Poland and
Hungary possibly others also and this
has been a big issue for Germany in
particular but also some other richer
countries but would like to see more
conditions being attached to the EU
funding that is transferred to poorer
country poorer countries how the linkage
between budget transfers and conditions
like the rule of law how they will be
organized is is still unclear
potentially according to the European
Commission it could be determined by the
Commission itself although I think
member states will probably be loath to
see that see that happen they want to
see greater oversight but that's one
more issue that creates a problem
because potentially for a country like
Poland which has been the largest
recipient of EU funding getting
something like 70 billion euros in the
current period they face not just cuts
in the global amount that they get but
also that the funding is linked to two
conditions
partly the rule of law but potentially
also the kind of economic policies that
they implement there is a recognition in
this budget in terms of the impact of
migration not just in terms of security
but in terms of the very impact that it
that migration has had on on countries
how significant is that well that's also
one of the big issues for this this
round of budgetary negotiations what the
Commission has proposed is that there
would be first of all a budget line
which is specifically about managing
migration or the consequences of
migrations but also in some other policy
areas like cohesion policy the economic
development policy budget line that that
would be used to deal with the
consequences of migration richer
countries have been concerned by the
fact that the the impact of integrating
migrants receiving migrants and
integrating them is being borne very
much by the Western European countries
and Central East European countries have
largely refused to take if you like what
are called migrant quotas so the
European Commission is proposing that as
part of its budget is used to help those
countries which have been in the front
line of either receiving migrants like
Italy in Greece or integrating them into
societies like Germany Sweden and so on
that they get help and through the
budget of course some Central European
countries see this as a further area of
discrimination against them some have
said that we that the Central European
countries are being punished for not
accepting migrant quotas so this is yet
another politically difficult issue that
will be part of the discussions John the
the EU Commission reckons that but it
costs its citizens the price of a daily
cup of coffee
is that right well yes I mean in in
absolute amounts the the EU budget is is
huge it's proposed to be
something like 1.27 trillion euros over
the next period from 2021 to 2027 but it
is a very small percentage of the EU
economy so you know we're talking about
something like one point one four
percent of EU gross national income so
while the new budget may be small in
percentage terms it's still a
significant political issue how much
each country has to contribute John it's
been really good to talk to you many
thanks indeed for being with us you're
welcome thank you and finally this week
the price of pepper has plummeted around
the world and is forecast to stay low
because of an oversupply from Vietnam
and India but one remote region in the
south of Cambodia seems to be immune
from the slump al-jazeera's Wayne hey
reports from kampot where people claim
to produce the most expensive pepper in
the world there is no machinery in sight
to pick this precious commodity
harvesting Kempe hot pepper is
labor-intensive growers say hand picking
as necessary to achieve the highest
quality possible they had a one-week
board we don't use fertilizers or
chemicals in the weather here makes the
pepper delicious and spicy it's
different from other areas in Cambodia
in other countries the pepper from this
region has become sought-after around
the world two years ago was given
protected geographical indication status
by the European Union it's a standard
used to identify products that have a
link to a specific country or region
like scotch whiskey or Parma ham
products from here are exported mainly
to the United States Europe and Japan
which is in contrast to pepper from
other parts of Cambodia the Cambodian
pepper industry is growing quickly but
outside this region it has a problem
it's competing with and to a large
extent relying on its neighbor Vietnam
which is the largest producer of pepper
in the world because of a lack of
infrastructure and investment most
Cambodian pepper is sent across the
border through middlemen for processing
cutting into
as Slim prophets the Cambodian
government is promising to invest more
in facilities and marketing as an
example it's looking to the success of
kampot which is benefited from foreign
investment and is largely
self-sufficient when it comes to
processing it's also been immune from
the price slump caused by oversupply
that seen the price of black pepper fall
by around 60% to below three dollars a
kilogram kampot prices have remained
stable as high as 28 dollars a kilo
still last year the region also produced
more than it could sell that industry
leaders say they're not concerned about
low prices spreading to their products
price is not so important it's really
the quality that matters so I think we
can keep keep the price current level so
no risk because this is a niche market
and the production will grow slowly year
after year it's a niche market with a
big price tag that at the moment other
farmers around the world can only dream
about and that's our show for this week
if you'd like to comment on anything
that you've seen get in touch with us
you can tweet me I am at a Finnigan on
Twitter please use the hashtag a JCTC
when you do or you can drop us an email
counting the cost at al jazeera dotnet
is our address there's plenty more for
you on line at aljazeera.com slash CTC
that takes you straight to our web page
which has individual reports links and
even entire episodes for you to catch up
on but that's it for this edition of
counting the cost I'm Adrienne Finnegan
from the whole team here in Doha thanks
for being with us the news is next on
al-jazeera
you
