a person off in the distance alone in
their thoughts sitting in a park in
darkness a portrait of a man walking in
the snow all by himself a young man
playing basketball with nobody else
around all pictures of people in New
York in situations of solitude
perhaps loneliness Luke Cortez a Polish
photographers snapped the pictures he
says he can relate to the subjects he
moved to New York City four years ago
knew almost no one and discovered many
people suffered from loneliness just by
chance many of his photographs were of
people alone
you know you come here you were busy
with your work life and then you realize
that all your family and your friends
and social life in many many ways is
behind them I was used to it but I talk
to a lot of people a lot in New York is
here my friends are strangers and the
theme of loneliness just kept coming
back according to a study sponsored by
Cigna a global health and insurance
company Americans are alarmingly lonely
and being alone can bring about serious
health risks research has been done that
has shown loneliness linked to heart
disease diabetes depression substance
use and other chronic illnesses while
the study was focused on the u.s.
researchers say the numbers are similar
in other parts of the world but perhaps
what stood out most in the study young
people between 18 and 22 years old
scored higher than any other age group
in the loneliness serve a far more
lonely than people 72 and older
researchers aren't exactly sure why but
they say high social media consumption
does not help we've all seen it a
million times young people in parks like
this and instead of sitting next to
family and friends and talking they're
hunched over their phones like this
checking social media and then social
media is very antisocial as
for Luke cordis he is not trying to
start a social commentary about
loneliness with his pictures he simply
discovered taking pictures of people
usually showed more often than not the
people were alone
Gabriel is Ando al Jazeera New York
