I am for me okay so Emily could be Laila
and you're in the stream today the
search for the dark site where our
scientists what Dark Matter research
could explain about our universe this
topic has definitely piqued the
curiosity of our online community so
keep your dark matter questions coming
chat them to us live on YouTube or via
Twitter uncovering the world of dark
particles could be the key to
understanding the nature of matter
gravity and what is holding the universe
together but after decades of research
scientists have yet to find direct
evidence of what some call the Dark
Sector where an unknown matter exhibits
gravitational force but cannot otherwise
be detected it is one of the biggest
mysteries in physics and though
invisible the Dark Sector is believed to
make up about 96% of the universe and
the billions of galaxies within it so
today we'll speak to scientists on why
dark matter matters with us on set is
Alexander Amon and astrophysicists
observational cosmologists and a fellow
at Stanford University her current
research focuses on mapping dark matter
in space in Rhode Island Stephon
Alexander he's a brown university
professor theoretical physicists
cosmologists musician and author of the
book the jazz of physics the secret link
between music and the structure of the
universe Katie Mack is a theoretical
astrophysicists her work focuses on
studying the early universe through
physics and astronomical observations
she's an assistant professor at North
Carolina State University from where she
joins us and in Rome maharajah a
particle physicist at Sapienza
University on the National Institute of
nuclear physics Rome he is part of a
dark matter experiment that is looking
for a fifth universal force dubbed the
dark force welcome to this dream
everyone I know scientists so good to be
have you here so I I'm gonna start with
Janna Levine she's a professor of
physics and astronomy at Barnard College
and she was given this challenge talk
about dark matter
as if you're having coffee with a friend
and this is what she came up with dark
matter is really a name we give as a
proxy to indicate stuff that we don't
know what it is really it's just to say
there's something out there we can't see
it but we can tell it's out there
because of the effect it has on space
and time around it so it's
gravitationally affecting the universe
but it's not visible to us some people
think it should be called invisible
matter because light passes right
through it it's literally invisible
Stephon you describe what you do as
mostly what I do is wrong so you're
studying something you don't know what
it is and you're trying to work that out
what is that like it's like being on a
planet with no sound and being asked to
compose music Oh almost impossible
because you have to ask yourself what is
music oh my goodness so even the very
word or the phrase dark matter that just
means well we don't know what it is yes
yeah well we have again in direct
evidence of course on a multiple you
know multiple ways of knowing that it
exists so we do know it exists we just
don't know much about its identity
uh-huh Katie yeah so yeah I think
invisible matter is a great way to put
it
we have a lot of ways of seeing that
there has to be some extra matter there
because we see the effects of its
gravity in a lot of different places on
on small skills like galaxies and large
scales for the whole universe but we
just don't know what it's made of so
it's it's some kind of an invisible
stuff it has lots of different effects
it changes the the whole large-scale
structure of the universe how galaxies
and clusters of galaxies come together
but we can't see it directly we can only
see that you know there's there's
something weird going on and the things
that we can see they're moving in
strange ways it's even bending the shape
of space itself
but we just need to figure out what it
is like what the if it's a new particle
what that particle is what it's actually
made of fundamentally well in the
pursuit of trying to figure out what it
is I'm going to add two more voices to
this conversation so the first is from
je who actually when she this person
heard that we were doing a science topic
tweeted us this gif
finally I'm here for this someone
they're they're really excited about
this topic and here is why because they
actually know a lot about what they're
talking about
je says it is a hypothetical form of
matter that is thought to account for
most of the matter in the universe it's
made up of elements that don't emit
light or energy hence the name dark
matter here's one more thought on that
from someone who isn't in the sciences
hen Macky she says I studied humanities
and Social Sciences so I don't know what
dark matter actually is but I like what
it represents an invisible force that
affects every nanosecond of our lives
while we go about wildly unaware of its
existence so Alexandre I'm gonna go to
you with these two definitions there but
what I like about hens is that she seems
to be saying it affects all of us and we
just don't know or care enough yeah so
that matter really played this crucial
role in the story of our universe as it
makes up most of us very correctly said
most of the matter in the universe and
it means that a less consequential thing
is that it means that every picture that
we see of a of a galaxy is a little bit
distorted as Katie said the presence of
the dark matter distorts the light that
we see tomorrow as a field of physics
when you are planning what you do next
how do you do it knowing that you know
so little so what we do is to choose an
hypothesis so when you are an
experimentalist you cannot play it with
many hypotheses because we have to build
an object which takes times and costs
money so you have to choose so you
choose your chance you you give trust to
some theory and you say ok I'll try with
this then you study the theory you
understand what are the phenomenology
you can expect from this candidate dark
matter and then you try building an
experiment to detect it and to
bring you maybe Shane some light to our
theory guys to work on so that's what we
try to do Stefan I see you nodding that
yes that's exactly the point which is
that because we don't know what dark
matter is we have to it's like you know
if you have a ghost haunt in your house
you don't really know what the ghost is
but you might project some sort of
personality onto the ghost and go
looking for personality likewise we we
are familiar with particles in the rest
of nature so one of the things that I
wanted you know tune our experiments for
is to look for a dot particle however
there are certain anomalies certain
mismatches that may suggest that the
dark matter may not actually be a
particle and may actually force us to
even revisit the very foundations of
physics itself it's a bit of a different
perspective if you're an observational
cosmologists because you don't have to
set up your experiments your experiment
is the universe and it's set up waiting
for you to make observations and so I
think Katie and I as observational
cosmologists will look at that a bit
differently we can take images of
millions of galaxies and use that to try
and understand that matter from a
different a totally different
perspective okay I'll go to you with
this because when we talk about making
those observations I wanted to bring in
this comment from Emma who says dark
matter is the name given to all of the
missing matter in the universe it's dark
because we can't see it it doesn't
interact with light so if we can't see
it how then do we know it exists so how
do you go about making observations for
something that you can't quite grasp
yeah so the the work that I do is is
kind of actually halfway between the
observations and theories so I think
about what the theories are and I think
about what the observations can do and I
try and find ways to bring those
together so the way you do it is you
think about if this particle did exist
if there is some kind of massive thing
out there what would it do to the matter
around it what would it do to the Stars
the galaxies to space itself and then
you look for signatures of that you look
in the sky and see you know is that
space distorted and you'd figure out the
space is distorted because the light
would be sort of bending we are
you'd see multiple images of galaxies
where you should expect only one you
would look at galaxies and see that the
rotations of the galaxies are not what
you would expect if all of the matter is
just what you can see and so we see that
galaxies are rotating too fast which
suggests there's some extra stuff
holding them together some extra gravity
there's lots of things like that where
in lots of different areas we see things
that that really point to something that
we can't see has gravity that's holding
things together that's making things
move around strangely that's changing
the shape of space that we can see as
the light is passing through that space
and all of it when we bring it together
tells a pretty consistent picture there
are a couple of places on the edges
where we don't know exactly what's going
on but for the most part when we look at
all these different observations we say
you know if we just add one more thing
in our universe that has some gravity
but we can't see it everything kind of
falls into place and that's what they're
doing and research that you're doing all
of the time are oh I'm coming straight
to you just just hold tight for a moment
this is a headline from The Guardian in
their particle physics section
scientists hunt mysterious dark force to
explain hidden realm of the cosmos so
that was a recent headline and then let
me just go to report that Nev Barker
from al-jazeera just filed just recently
and Nev went to Italy's National
Institute of nuclear physics he met you
Mauro there this is what he was looking
at and this is where it begins with a
particle accelerator and a theory a beam
of positively charged subatomic
particles called positrons is fired at a
target a diamond wafer a tenth of a
millimeter thick and this is the divine
on mountain while the positive particles
smash into the negative electrons in the
diamond wafer they produce photons light
but every now and again the collision
between positrons and electrons could
produce a dark Photon
the invisible twin of ordinary light
dark matter yeah
hidden were the to power small known
work is it fair to call this the bridge
between the seen and the unseen it could
be yes that for the myths it's a William
Morrow your workplace is so much more
fascinating than mine I'm fascinated by
that so in a nutshell
can you explain what it is that you're
doing that is making headlines right now
it's very new so what we doing is I was
saying we choose an hypothesis the
apologies that there is a particle
called dark fallen which is linking the
dark sectors of dark matter to visible
matter and if this exists it has to
interact with ordinary matter
for example electrons and positrons so
we're using a beam of document of
antimatter namely untie electrons that
we call positrons and we smash it on a
thin diamond target to find electron in
so matter is deterring protons so if our
positron meet an electron they will
annihilate will be destroyed generating
energy out of this energy we could
generate a known photon so a visible
photon and a dart problem so this is
what we were trying to do generating the
photons using particles because have you
done it yet we already started doing it
yeah but we will not be able to see
immediately the effect because this
interaction if is there is very rare
otherwise this dark matter will be not
dark seeing dark photon continuously an
interesting thing about this experiment
is is it's looking for dark matter but
it's also making use of antimatter which
is a totally different thing so and it
matter is a kind of it's sort of a kind
of regular matter it's it's we've
detected lots of antimatter particles
particles a particle of nature like the
electron will have an antimatter partner
like which in this case is a positron
and it's it's sort of like a mirror
image of it and if these two particles
come together they can annihilate and
create a bunch of energy and so this is
something
that's that's useful in these kinds of
experiments so you shoot a whole bunch
of positrons at your target and then you
get these annihilations and that helps
with the signal so it's it's a cool
experiment cuz you get to use both of
these sort of mysterious things this
antimatter which is not really
mysterious to physicists but it sounds
cool as everybody else and then looking
for a dark matter which is this
mysterious thing to everybody this this
invisible hidden thing we don't
understand yet so I'm glad that you
brought up the mirror image both Katie
and Mauro there and the idea that this
is mysterious to some people because I
wanted to bring in this comment we got
live on YouTube cat LIGO says I feel
like I'm going to the first day of
lecture I know a bit of knowledge but
not enough to comment in class so they
are watching silently but I want to help
elucidate what we are talking about by
sharing a video comment from someone who
talks about that mirror image you both
were talking about this is Priya's she's
an astrophysicist at Yale University and
this is what she told the stream about
the padme experiment given the
difficulty in detecting this dark matter
particle there have been some new
theoretical ideas one of which suggests
that much like our universe where we see
all these particles there might be a
mirror universe a dark sector so that
would mean that for every real particle
that we see there would be a counterpart
in the dark sector so the Padme
experiment is trying to look for such a
signal so stuff on there my ears perked
up at the idea that there might be a
mirror universe yeah I was I developed
some early work on that mirror universe
basically our models of particle physics
that necessarily have mirror particles I
wrote some early papers on that some of
my colleagues as well which is different
than the idea of supersymmetry which is
another form of having and mirror accept
the mirror particle is a force carrier
the mirror particle would be a matter
particle in supersymmetry I knew exactly
what you said right there I'm just gonna
know anyone then and what do you think
Wow let me know so much but I want to
actually add another perspective which
is that there are when I say anomalies
so doc Mathias other experiments that
shows that for example there's a
universal one and a dot when a galaxy
rotates right it's under its
accelerating the velocity is change in
this direction so it's accelerating one
universal things we see with galaxies
right spiral galaxies is that they're
all accelerating this is an observation
at a very particular rate right and
again it's it's something that the Dark
Matter particle models cannot explain
there's another thing where we see that
the visible matter traces oh I the the
dark matter and that Met Ball in a
particle yet so the tracing the Dark
Matter is the perspective that I can
bring where we if we look at really
distant galaxies their shapes are a bit
distorted compared to what they are in
reality and that's because because
massive structures along the way distort
light from those faraway galaxies as it
travels all the way to earth on our
telescope so the light path actually
gets bent and that means that all
pictures that we take of galaxies are a
little bit distorted because of this
dark matter so the dark matter is
influencing the visible light that we
can see and that's an effect called weak
gravitational lensing which it doesn't
give us a Dark Matter particle but it
can tell us where the dark matter is how
much dark matter there is how clumpy it
is so when I'm thinking about this sort
of mirror image of the universe could
there be another stream show that's
going on that is incredibly smarter than
this one or happening in another
universe is that possible is that what
we're talking about was it something
completely different I think that's more
of a question for the theorists as an
observational is there anything I'm not
touching that word Katie well we do we
do have some some ways of putting
constraints on those kinds of ideas so
so it's you know it's possible that
there's a whole sector a whole bunch of
different particles that are all
invisible to us that interact with each
other but if they interacted in exactly
the same way that regular matter
particles do then they would form disks
like galaxies that we see they would
they would flatten out in certain in
certain ways that we don't see so we
know from the way we can map the way the
space is bending that dark matter
collects and kind of
lobbie structure than regular matter it
doesn't form these these kind of
flattened out disks like galaxies and so
there are certain ways that we can say
that if there is a whole other sector
and if there are these interactions
they're kind of not as strong or not
quite in the same the same sort of way
that the things interacting in our sort
of visible world
Katie made the scaffolding idea because
that's really what dark matter is to
cosmologists it it makes the scaffolding
of our universe and then it's like you
put Christmas lights around it and
that's the galaxies that we can see
question we got this motor I'll go to
you but we got this question someone on
the same wavelength as Femi Farid says
if we can have dark matter all around us
and we can't properly quantify it does
it mean it's possible for there to be an
alternate reality or a parallel universe
without ever being aware it's there at
all so I think we got an answer to that
but moto here as we move on I want you
to talk about this because Yusuf here
says this is nonsense which upon
investigation yields little for the
well-being of humanity come on AJ stream
stick to culture and geopolitical social
affairs and leave the hard quote/unquote
sciences to others moto this is your
life's work why does it matter it does
matter because if you think to it we
just know very few of what the universe
is made of because we are just less than
20% of the matter which is around the
universe so this does mean that we think
to know a lot but really we know nothing
about what the universe is made of and
this is of course a challenge that we
have to to pursue because we cannot stay
there not knowing why all the galaxies
are the form we observe we cannot know
stay there without knowing why our
galaxy has the form that we observe and
we if we don't understand what dark
matter is we never understand what we
observe in the universe which is way
very very important for Humanity I think
around universities universe since
billions of years and as Katie said
there are multiple observations that
tell us that there is this missing mass
that is dark matter it isn't
you know something speculative this is
this is something that is making up most
of the matter in our universe it's not I
want to quote the great Nobel laureate
Abdul Salam I think it's a very
important question and that quotation
you want a Nobel Prize actually for for
the weak interaction standard model I
mean he said scientific inquiry is a
common heritage of humanity I mean it's
our basic universal it's a universal
thing to human culture that we have this
intrinsic curiosity and this scientific
enterprise to you know continue to
discover these mysteries is something
that that actually brings us together
across the world actually so I think
it's a very viable question that needs
to be addressed also at that level
Stefan I'm so glad you mentioned the
Nobel Prize because it were you were
miss of us if we didn't talk about Vera
Rubin dark-matter and Vera Rubin like I
don't know toast and butter fish and
chips right how do we do that we can't
have one without the other
have a look here on popular science in
memory of Vera Rubin the woman who the
Nobel Prize forgot how work was really
impressive and so important Katie can
you tell us a little bit more about her
yeah so what she do is she was looking
at how galaxies spiral galaxies rotate
so in a spiral galaxy like her own the
stars go around the center of the galaxy
and they they sort of circle the center
of the galaxy over millions of years and
so she was looking at that rotation and
found that the stars were going so fast
around these galaxies that they should
have just flown out there's just the
galaxies should have ripped itself apart
but they were held in by something extra
some extra gravity was holding these
stars into those galaxies and that work
showing that all of these galaxies were
rotating too fast that the the rotation
for the most distant stars and the
nearby stars were kind of the same
magnitude that showed that there really
needed to be this extra stuff and and
there were other people who looked at
similar things and that found other
evidence for for this missing matter but
her work was was really like the
beginning of when the whole
Astrophysical community said okay we
really need to figure this out this is
really there it's definitely out there
and it was this Inc
terribly strong evidence that that dark
matter was a major component of the
universe and and a lot of people feel
that she should her work should have
been recognized with the Nobel Prize
because it did really change our outlook
on the universe this is exactly what you
do in in experimental physics so it's
not needed that we have a theory guiding
you to do something you just observe she
was not having anyone asking her for
that matter
she was just observing the universe as
an experimentalist and say look there is
something wrong let's try to understand
what it is so it's it's like what we do
you try to have evidences of something
that it's not what you expect and on
this then you can build some theory then
or you can move really a step forward so
to answer to the guy saying that this is
not useful we have to say that we moved
from medieval age to our knowledge
because we tried to be we still have
curiosity of understanding new things
when we stop it we do not progress
anymore and what Vera found is not just
true for other galaxies but even in our
own galaxy so you'd expect that the
stars closer to the edge of the galaxy
would be moving slower kind of like how
Pluto moves slower than Earth because
it's further away from the Sun but
that's not what she found and so even in
our own galaxy I mean more than
three-quarters of the matter is dark
matter so the thing that it doesn't
doesn't matter I mean it's like being in
school and your teacher telling you that
you didn't understand 75% of a test I'd
be pretty concerned
I actually met Vera Rubin tenure about
ten years ago in a panel discussion with
Brian Greene and I was really I mean she
told me something that blew me away was
that when she discovered made this
discovery not many people were willing
to like invite her to give a talk about
it I think it was Bryn Mawr College
outside of Philadelphia 132nd Phillips
Vinicius story in 30 seconds and your
takeaway from that was well I take away
from that words of you know how the kind
of resistors that she got when she first
made the discovery and now she's famous
forever
thank you very much scientists Morrow
and Katie and Stefan and Alex really
appreciate you coming
and bring in science to the stream
Malika has this conversation been going
very well I think our audience learned a
lot but I'll end with this tweet on the
era
this is Juna who says Vera Rubin seminal
work was incredibly important she was a
pioneer in Dark Matter research and her
work forms the basis on which a huge
community of researchers builds today
dark matter mattes thank you everybody
so you get to have you on the stream see
you next time
