Emmanuel macron says as French president
he is and must be neutral on the
question of New Caledonian independence
it is for those living here to decide
but meeting people on a housing estate
in Namir he certainly looked like he was
campaigning few doubt he would like New
Caledonia to stay French here though it
isn't hard to find people in favor of
independence even among those who have
special presidential visits waive or
even wear French flags I'm just wearing
it two people later mr. mackrel
it takes Air France passengers more than
24 hours to reach new mayor from Paris
yet when they arrive they're still in
France most of those who've moved here
from mainland France or whose families
did generations ago would like it to
remain that way on Friday about four
thousand people marched to show their
support for France I've lived here for
many years and I think in France is the
best that we can have we want to show
the president that we are still French
and we want to stay friends nearly a
third of New Caledonia's public services
are paid for by France French government
grants account for about 15 percent of
total GDP those supporting independence
point to New Caledonia's nickel exports
but the price of nickel is unpredictable
and then there are concerns about
whether an independent New Caledonia
would be politically strong enough to
thrive on its own New Caledonia became
independent the balance in the region
would change China already has a lot of
influence over Vanuatu and Fiji if New
Caledonia were independent China would
look to extend that influence here those
supporting independence though say there
is a principle at stake when France
colonized New Caledonia it didn't ask
permission we want independence because
when the French arrived our country was
independent in 1853 when the French
declared us a colony that in and askus a
referendum in 1987 was seen as
illegitimate by many because recent
arrivals from France were allowed
to vote those supporting independence
boycotted it violence followed in which
dozens were killed no one wants a repeat
most opinion polls suggest that New
Caledonia will stay French but for the
president the result is as important
only as the process unless this process
is seen as legitimate and fair he'll be
disappointed
president macro is unlikely to make
another trip to New Caledonia before
November's referendum this visit is to
set the tone Andrew Thomas al Jazeera no
Meah
