it's a scandal that's left the Swedish
Academy in turmoil and a nobel prize for
literature on hold at least for now the
Academy decided this year's winner will
be selected and announced in 2019 the
confidence in the Academy is so low in
the world at the moment and that is the
deciding reason why we now refrain from
awarding this prize eighteen women say
they were rape assaulted or harassed by
famous photographer jean-claude Arnold
he's the husband of Academy member and
poet Katerina Frost Anson the women
alleged the abuse happened in properties
owned by the Swedish Academy their
complaints they say were ignored he has
denied the allegations his wife has
since resigned the crisis has aggravated
differences among its members shedding
light on other problems the Academy is
also dealing with allegations of
financial crimes and in the past names
of laureates were reportedly leaked
before winners were officially announced
I think the Swedish Academy is worth
more than that
it shouldn't disappear because of the
scandal which it undoubtedly is but no
Academy member has done anything as far
as I know protests were held for weeks
the global meet to movement likely
played a role in the revelations and the
Academy's decision the voting process is
also an issue the Academy had 18
lifetime members but several have
resigned since the scandal including the
organisation's first female leader the
harbour - Yulia diamond to us we only
have ten members at the moment and now
we really have to start electing new
members and show the world that we are
serious
leaders of the Swedish economy which is
separate from the Norwegian committee
that Awards the Nobel Peace Prize hope
the delay will give them time to regroup
and recover their once prestigious
reputation
Katya Lopez odeyun al-jazeera
