Buster's deepening ethnic divisions out
in the open
a hardliner who wants to break away has
been chosen by the Serbs as their
president the top poses also had by
Muslims and Croats when miloradovitch
selection pulled the country apart two
decades after the brutal civil war ended
this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
horrible Hamid the results of Sunday's
general election in Boston Herzegovina
are threatening to cause further
instability in the Balkans which was
wrecked by civil war in the 1990s serb
voters elected Milorad Dodik as their
candidate for one of the nation's three
presidents he wants to split the country
that's likely to heighten tensions with
Bosniak Muslims and the cross who want
to stay united we'll get to our guests
in a moment but first David cheetah
reports from Sarajevo Milorad Dodik will
now join the rotating presidency of a
country he has vowed to split in half
the 58 year-old Serbian nationalist says
he wants a referendum that will give the
people of Republic of Srpska the chance
to break away from their Bosnian and
Croatian neighbors and achieve
independence : president astre the
number one priority for my job in the
future will be the position of the Sur
people and Republic of Srpska I want to
establish good communication I believe
that Bosnia Herzegovina perhaps can make
some progress if everyone is respected
and if other people reject the meddling
of foreigners and the policies of Bosnia
Herzegovina in the campaign he urged his
supporters to celebrate the heritage of
Radovan Karadzic the man who provoked
the start of the war here in the early
90s now a convicted war criminal serving
a 40 year prison term for genocide in an
echo of President Trump putting America
first dodok said that his mission was to
put rep√∫blica Serb scre first he says
that the nation of Bosnia Herzegovina is
in fact an arranged marriage and it
hasn't worked he wants a divorce the
Electoral Commission declared the
polling as free and fair that monitors
declared it as chaotic with a record
number of irregularities the main
concerns of the voters a youth
unemployment rate of 40 percent and a
widespread corruption received little
attention maybe it will change only that
that more people and more young people
will leave Bosnia Serena not because of
the lack of patriotism to this country
but because of lack of perspective and
losing the hope for the future that is
vanishing and fading here in Bosnia you
know for all of us in Republic of Srpska
though they are celebrating a new future
and a dream of Independence getting
closer a future that doesn't lie in the
European Union or NATO membership but
with Serbia and Russia
David chata al Jazeera Sarajevo okay so
let's bring in our guest from our
students that I gave a Philip Mercer beg
of each editor in chief of staff
magazine from Banja Luka Zoran Pavlovich
a political analyst and also in Sarajevo
Adnan Hirsch pitch from the center for
election studies an independent
think-tank and warm welcome to you all's
around Pavlovic let me start with you so
I they after the election Milorad Dodik
is saying he will never step foot in
sarajevo and that he will conduct
business by videoconference that sort of
sensed the tone right well there are
certain statements which are obviously
said in a first day after the elections
and the fact is that many of these words
I usually use to support his position
after the campaign so there are the
certain rules and the laws and
constitution in Bosnia and Herzegovina
which he had to obey mr. dodyk is a
specific person who actually tried to
promote himself and looking good of the
ways how he can confuse international
community with the certain statements
and that's very often wrongly understood
from the international community when I
said that I mean that there are the
certain rules and laws and bylaws which
he had to obey and obviously the
position in a presidency will not fit to
his character where he at
we always want to dominate and to rule
the things around him Phillip bigovich
you are in Sarajevo how are these words
likely to be received by the people
there and also elsewhere around Bosnia I
didn't hear you very well but if we talk
about malaria Datuk he's not the only
problem we have here also the problem
with drag and Jovic he was the candidate
of of cross for for the presidency of
Bosnia Herzegovina and he wasn't elected
Jellico comes which the other court was
elected but he was elected by bosniak
votes and now we will have some kind of
some kind of crisis we know that drug
and Jovic and Miller idiotic are
companions they have some kind of some
kind of direct communications with
Zagreb and Belgrade and also they have
some kind of communication with Moscow
probably we have we will have some kind
of crisis if we think six months till
one year probably we that will be a big
problem the problem always after the
elections in Bosnia Herzegovina is how
to make a government you know if we need
stable coalitions very good is that the
biggest and the strongest party of
Bosniaks this is not muslim party this
is the central right-wing party of
Bosnia people Muslims are voting for
this party that they they have the same
positions like like last elections and
that's very good for for Muslims in
Bosnia Herzegovina
okay well add them hostage
how should we read the the results of
this election is it part of this
national wave that has been sweeping
through out Europe lately or is it
something very specific to the Balkans
I don't think it's a part of the the
general wave that we're seeing and
witnessing in Europe right now
all throughout the world we've been
having this situation for now more than
20 years and if you look at the first
elections after the war 1996 which only
reaffirmed the dominance of the Viet
Minh national parties which was
completely understandable over time
these parties entrench themselves
through the very existence of systemic
systemic preconditions which allow only
for these parties to flourish and
basically discourage working across the
aisle or trying to reach out across the
in the inter-ethnic boundary here in a
way given the fact that the Bosnia has
over time become a captured state proper
given the fact that we still have an
expansive government and the public
resources are vast these parties are now
more or less systemic parties whose
election success is somehow ensured by
the very fact that they are controlling
what they are controlling right now so
hardly a surprise these elections
compared to the the previous ones
especially since the the rules of the
game haven't changed what perhaps has
changed when we compare it to the the
first elections after the war is that
the goals the proclaimed goals of all
these part is sometimes called at the
national sometimes at the religious have
meanwhile become less relevant this is
as far as the the the political dynamics
is concerned is only an attempt to
subvert and control the public resources
and in the process certain frictions
always appear which are then always
which manifest themselves always as an
interesting struggle underneath all that
is actually the simply control for the
resources which has been happening now
for quite some time well certainly
Bosnia has one of the most complicated
systems of governance in the world so
let's just give a little explanation to
our viewers the country comprises of
regional States the federation of bosnia
and herzegovina and the
nika's barska there are three directly
elected presidents they're in charge of
foreign diplomatic and military affairs
as well as state budgets the three
presidents are from each of the
Constituent ethnic groups Bosniaks Serbs
and Croats they rotate the presidencies
four-year term and served each eight
months each Parliament has a House of
Representatives and a house of people's
members of the House of Representatives
are directly elected while those four
the house of people's are indirectly
elected by two regional assemblies the
chairman of the Council of Ministers
effectively the Prime Minister is
nominated by the president the two
region Federation of Bosnia Herzegovina
and the Republic esparza
have significant autonomy and each elect
a president a prime minister with a
Council of 16 ministers runs the Qiu
regional government certainly from the
outside it is very difficult to
understand this maze of assemblies and
politic governance that's in Bosnia but
that is one of the legacies of the
Dayton Agreement now
Zoran description is for you a US
official said that the Dayton Agreement
was perfect to stop the war but it was
lousy to build a state however others
would argue that if for example mr.
dodyk became so successful it's also
because everybody lacks that system that
is this this Dayton Agreement because it
helps each group further its own
interests the fact is that the data
agreement brought the peace to the
country and that was a solution the best
possible solution at that moment the
problem is that the Democratic rules and
democracy as a system of living in
Bosnia was totally unknown territory and
the fact is that the people follow up
the leaders based on the National
attitude and very often mixed with the
faith the
the complain from the international
community and from the independent free
thinking people where that this concept
should be improved and unfortunately
international community did not follow
that path properly so somehow based on
internal conflicts between the national
leaders which are very often virtual one
so does not exist among the common
people in life on the street let's say
like that gave a debt people that
leaders opportunity to continue with the
governing of their own people
the fact is actually that they are not
able to offer any measures or activities
which can lead this country to the
better future and then to offer the the
new jobs and the new investments so
actually they are misusing the heritage
of the pre war and war situation in
order to maintain their domination among
their own people so some of them like
mr. Dahle and mr. Begich as well are
very efficient in that approach in that
concept which they put in public as
themselves as defender of the national
interest and the people so that's
totally wrong because in modern economy
in modern democracy you have to offer
people to live better unfortunately
that's not the case in Bosnia and
unfortunately this elections show that
the the previous 1012 years policy which
they developed very efficiently passed
on this election as well so no new
people just a few points here and there
and some elected or just the nominating
you know politicians gained some some
votes but unfortunately for
general election picture has not been
changed only in a case of a
representative of a corrupt people but
that's a other part of the story in this
moment we can say that the national
concept is actually misused to gain the
votes for elections which are which has
been performed the day before well
Phillip bigovich would you agree with
that that this idea of pushing pushing
forward and nationalist agenda is
something that's happening on all sides
no I wouldn't agree with that
totally I wanted to give you that
because we have a problem by
understanding what is national politics
you know national politics that is
representing Serbs Croats and Bosniaks
is not a problem problem is when
national politic is aggressive when the
national politic is not prepared for
dialogue we have the problem with
Serbian and Croatian national politics
for example this my companion said that
that
bozniak politics and Muslim politics
here is victimizing something how dare
you say something like that because we
have a problem
really our mothers are still trying to
find the bones of their sons
we had genocide and Serbs didn't made
any catharsis here in in Bosnia
Herzegovina and you can say that we are
wikked amaizing
anything we are just talking about facts
that are facts that are ruled in in hag
and it is this our field Bosniak fear
only fear our only fear is that we will
have dissolution of Bosnia and
Herzegovina you have this example with
Jellico conscience that is elected by
Bosnia Croatia member of of a presidency
that is elected with Bosnia quote why
did this happen because Bosniaks are in
fear in big fear that Bosnia Herzegovina
will be dissolute 'add so what what was
the the biggest mistake of dragon Jovic
who was
the candidate was that he made four
years he made very aggressive rhetoric
through bata through Bosniaks for Bakir
Izetbegovic he was accusing us all the
time that we want Islamic state that we
are radicals that that we want that what
we want that the the president of
Croatia
caleda grab our Qatari we said that we
have 10,000 extremists and Mujahideen's
on on the border of Croatia and Bosnia
and Sakina thought this this is totally
totally lie this is unbelievable that
that somebody can say such things you
know and because of that fear because
there the rhetoric is like in 90s during
the war the same rhetoric Bosniaks in
are in big fear and this fear made that
they would for Jellico conscious who is
patriot he is not good politician but
his patriot and ii the candidate was
elected was Sheriff Joe forage Jaffa
Ravitch and he's very experienced lawyer
and we can say that these two two
members of presidency will preserve
Bosnia Herzegovina in X period because
Milorad Dodik is very very aggressive
and we don't know what he will do he
will do with probably some some kind of
very bad things in the future well he is
on the black list of America we we have
president that the on black list of
America you know that's Milorad Dodik
well man you know when the Dayton
Agreement came I think the idea behind
it was also to have these three groups
working together and maybe somehow with
the carrot of joining the EU joining
NATO have these divisions dissipate
Philip here is now saying nothing has
changed since the days of the war back
in the 1990s so what went wrong
well I guess I mean if we look through
neurologically several things actually
went wrong first of all the whole idea
was actually based on the power-sharing
setup which is
you know pretty much a dogmatic approach
when it comes to post-conflict societies
as of recently so basically you are
trying to accommodate different groups
and their political demands within
within a single whole and then in the
process basically we have introduced
something which some theorists have
called the power-sharing plus or
conciliation plus so it was supposed to
work unfortunately
there was an international factor
involved in Bosnia which was not happy
with the progress made at the very early
beginnings starting with the first
election 1996 so gradually all the time
what happened is that the international
engagement became very active
heavy-handed we had the successive
introductions of executive powers vested
in the High Representative of the
international community most of which
were used and to impose laws those over
which the domestic political elites
couldn't agree even to suck people who
were obstructing the implementation of
the Dayton Agreement so in the process
the international community actually
became the fourth player in the game but
what came as a result in 2006 after the
international community sudden sudden
withdrawal from from Bosnia and the
Americans shifting their focus away from
the Balkans to the Middle East is the
situation where the Europeans have may
evilly I have to say assumed that now
the political elites in Bosnia are
prepared to take the ownership of the
processes in the country so this
ownership transfer was the name of the
game but what happened in the process is
is an entirely different thing what was
obviously completely misunderstood is
that over time and with the with the
international community that stepped in
or jumped in every time when there was
no way to make consensus over important
or strategic decisions thereby basically
making them making them themselves what
they have done is that they have
discouraged political elites from
engaging in a constructive dialogue its
first
from trying to build a broader consensus
over the most important issues so the
situation we're seeing right now is
something that has started already in
2006 the balance was upset with the
sudden withdrawal of the international
so what we got now is the situation
where the political elites are very
distant from one another and I would say
especially when we look at the
proclaimed goals of these ethnic elites
you will see that they are diametrically
opposed which means that there is a lot
of centrifugal forces as far as the the
the elite cooperation is concerned or
the absence thereof and so we are
basically in this sense actually at the
very beginning of the process of trying
to really come up and this is also
something that is frequently frequently
cited by by Datuk himself where he wants
to or he insists upon actually coming up
with a resume that coming up with a
reason for the state to see whether we
can come up with the basic agreement the
situation we're having right now is the
situation where the rule of law is not -
definitely not entrenched in Bosnia the
respectful law is not interested in
Bosnia even the decisions of the soup of
the constitutional court which means the
decisions which pertain to our basic
basic document the basic law are not
respected or implemented well Zoran I
mean talking about striking a balance
you know some people fear that mr. dodyk
will use his election to the presidency
to really strengthen and put forward
only the agenda of the Repubblica sparse
cow certainly his comments today that we
mentioned earlier and did not help to
push away those fears furthermore that
he also asked that he also said that he
would ask President Trump to remove the
Huayra president I represent ative that
really probably makes people wonder
further how much he wants to take the
Republicans barska into the sphere of
Russia well first I have to
say that I almost fully agree with the
Adhan and his statement when we talk
about the action of mr. dodyk
you have to understand that he is very
efficient in playing a game with the
international community from one side
from other side the position where he is
elected last night it's not quite
comfort for him because it's not ruling
position it's just a member of the of
the presidency which are limited in
their authorities and topics which they
are going to interfere with in that he
started with some new ideas how to
discuss or how to promote his position
into the much stronger ruling members of
the presidency either it's not by the by
the Constitution possible to to to
perform let's say like that so he is
playing the game with the Russian with
the this kind of political propaganda
related to President Putin and the
Minister Lavrov and actually he is doing
that because of the local people or the
local elections Republic Srpska actually
is not so important in a world of
relations especially between Russia and
and States and the possibility to
interfere in these big games it's very
likely not going to be possible well
certainly it has to be said that
Bosniaks and Croats are very worried
they would like to see that country stay
united
unfortunately Philip I can see that you
wanted to say something but we have
reached the end of this program so thank
you to all our guests Philip Morel
beggar visa and Pavlovic and Adnan husk
and thank you too for watching you can
see the program any time by visiting our
website aljazeera.com and for further
discussion go to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
inside story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is
app aj incest story from me hood abdul
hameed
and the whole team here in Doha bye for
now
you
