as is so often the case in China the
media were kept away from the venue for
these talks beforehand both delegations
had sought to play down expectations of
a breakthrough we now know why for while
there was progress in some areas major
disagreements remain less than two days
was never going to be enough time to
resolve them all the u.s. came with a
long list of demands immediate action to
reduce China's huge trade surplus with
the United States an end to force
technology transfers whereby US
companies have to hand over their
intellectual property to local joint
venture partners as a condition for
doing business here the US has also been
complaining about the heavy state
subsidies for technology development
like robotics and IT one area though
where China is unlikely to yield
analysts say the deepening strain in
relations is a recognition by the United
States that China once seen as a partner
is now regarded as a strategic rival for
trump competing with China is a very
important for him and he wants to win
and China has to give him something to
win but whatever China gives it won't be
sufficient for Trump or for the u.s.
because there's no way for China to
abandon its industrial policy it's six
months since President Trump and China's
leader Xi Jingping last met and they
could be getting together again soon
after Trump tweeted that he looks
forward to seeing Xi in the
not-too-distant future that could mean
after his planned summit with Kim
jong-un
but Xi Jingping had someone else on his
mind on Friday Karl Marx the German
philosopher was born 200 years ago on
Saturday the president's repeatedly said
the Communist Party mustn't forget its
socialist roots as it strives to bring
about the rejuvenation of the Chinese
nation and that rejuvenation includes
maintaining a tough line with the United
States on trade
Adrian Brown al-jazeera Beijing
