an architectural wonder and heaven for
horticulturalists Kew Gardens vast
Victorian greenhouse is open again to
the public it's taken five years of
restoration moving in 10,000 plants from
the world's temperate climates where
it's not too hot and not too cold this
is the largest Victorian glass house in
the world it's nearly 200 metres long it
actually consists of five separate
buildings it's grade 1 listed this is
unesco world heritage site and it's open
to the public every day of the year as
well so dismantling this building
restoring it taking all the plants out
returning them it has been a hugely
complex project inside a plants that can
feed the world like the end set a staple
crop in Ethiopia a cousin of the banana
plant which Kew scientists hope can be
used throughout Africa there are plants
that supply medicine and plants that are
purely beautiful seeing all these plants
under one roof makes a pretty positive
picture of global biodiversity of it in
the wild a fifth of plant species are at
risk of extinction they're the
foundation of life but farming logging
development and climate change are
putting them at risk the species are
part of Kew Gardens living collection
used by scientists and in charge of them
is Scott Taylor we grow plants that are
really high scientific value notably
conservation q is a conservation
organization we've got about 250 species
growing in here are 1,500 that have got
conservation rating so that's from
vulnerable to extinct in the wild five
species here extinct in the wild that
which means you don't find them anywhere
else in nature one of those now extinct
species is the N careful artists woody
eye which survives it's the time when
dinosaurs roamed a favourite here with
botanists our specimen here has actually
been at KU uni 120 years which is
spectacular and the story behind this is
quite unique our little arse I cut here
came as an offset of the original
specimen found in the
male specimen found in the wild these
plants are part of our everyday life
from the food we eat to the clothes we
wear the materials we use and the
medicines we take but too often we take
them for granted
Charly Angela al-jazeera London
