Thursday marks World Press Freedom Day
just days ago two suicide bombers and
advanced and killed at least 29 people
including several journalists it's one
of the most lethal attacks ever on the
press worldwide so why are journalists
and priests elite becoming a target this
is inside story
hello and welcome to the program
I'm Elizabeth puranam it is becoming
ever more risky to be a journalist in
today's world to attacks in Afghanistan
earlier this week killed at least nine
journalists the UN has documented the
killing of fourteen journalists there
since last year alone but the issue is
not unique to that country reporters
from North Korea to Syria Turkey and
Eritrea face threats every day according
to the World Press Freedom Index North
Korea ranks at the bottom while Norway
Sweden and the Netherlands round up the
top three but Europe has seen the
steepest decline in the regional
rankings Malta is now ranked 65th down
by 18 points in Slovakia 27th down by 10
in both countries high-profile
journalists were recently murdered
the US has slipped to places 245th the
report partly blames what it calls
violent rhetoric from President Trump
Myanmar which is full start hundreds of
thousands of revenge' has also slipped
it's now ranked 137 with the
government's intensifying arrests and
prosecutions of journalists the Middle
East and North Africa has been rated the
worst region for journalists rights
groups have reported an unparalleled
crackdown on Egypt's media in recent
years among those in jail al Jazeera
journalist mark north Hussein has been
in prison for nearly 500 days without
charge and near the bottom of the list
mark Syria and Yemen we'll bring in our
guests in a moment but first this report
from Mohammed Al Abbar DC on what it's
like to be a journalist in Yemen Yemen
is a country that's been torn apart by
war and suffering the UN calls it the
worst humanitarian crisis in the world
and those telling its stories are
increasingly finding themselves at risk
back to the home of tardif after the
coalition's intervention the Hootie's
started going after journalists
intensively especially after the Houthi
leaders speech calling for the targeting
of journalists and deeming them more
dangerous than fighters matter what does
a Yemeni journalist who was forced to
leave the capital sana after being
targeted by healthy rebels for his
coverage of the war he says he had to
escape the southern city of Tad's for
safety concerns in Virginia the hootie
media published my name along with other
journalists calling us coalition
supporters only for doing our jobs by
doing that they increased the threat on
our lives and trapped our movements
if the Hootie's were to spot us our fate
would be uncertain you would be
fortunate to be kidnapped journalist
covering the conflict in Yemen face
kidnapping raids and missile strikes in
December last year 41 journalists from
Yemen TV were held hostage after healthy
forces stormed the building human rights
groups have accused both Houthi rebels
and coalition forces of targeting
journalists Yemen's media union says
saudi-led coalition airstrikes have
killed at least 120 journalists since
the start of the war
three years ago Saudi airstrikes have
killed 120 journalists over the past
three years these airstrikes have also
caused total and partial destruction of
over 200 TV and radio stations as well
as newspaper headquarters journalist
ahmed al burdy was concerned his wedding
would be targeted saudi-led coalition
have been targeting within parties since
the beginning of the war so it is not
something new and people like now afraid
from doing withing parties like me I got
married one month ago and my mom told me
don't do our wedding party
madam continues to work where he can his
life remains restricted to the city of
tears where he's free to report but if
he ventures elsewhere he'll likely face
being kidnapped or even killed Mohamed
alabbar DC al Jazeera
let's now get the thoughts of our guests
in Gaza Sami Abu Salim a freelance
journalist for Wafaa national news
agency he is also a member of the
Palestinian journalists syndicate
joining us on skype from Manila
Benjamin sawaki Southeast Asia analyst
and human rights advocate and also on
skype from Paris Christophe de loire
secretary-general of reporters without
borders Christophe is a former
investigative reporter and author a very
warm welcome to all of you mr. de loire
why is global press freedom in a worse
state than it was last year with a
record number of countries now being
classified as having very bad freedom of
the press for three main reasons in war
zones in areas that are also supposed to
be this time but sometimes with a lot of
weapons against journalists journeys are
targeted and really all the warriors
there they want journeys to leave the
floor the second reason is that in
despotic countries the control on
information is worse because there are a
lot of countries where the despotic
regimes that in China that Egypt in
other ones they want to suppress
absolutely the right for independent
investigation answered in democracies
there's an increase of intimidations of
hatred against journalists that is
spread in the Philippines even in the
United States and even in European
countries mr. Utterson would you agree
with the report is it harder for you now
to do your job as a journalist covering
the israeli-palestinian conflict than it
has been in the past yeah definitely
actually and one of the one of the
reasons is that that Israeli air
soldiers are enjoying immunity no nobody
can punish them actually it is a and one
of the main reasons is their racist
policies they are practicing for example
as they announce Israel does not
does not consider that Palestinians in
general worthy life that's why they are
targeting everybody including
journalists and it is clear when the
Israeli Minister of Army Lieberman said
that there are no innocent no innocent
Palestinian no innocent people in Gaza
no innocent people in Gaza people which
means anybody even children and there's
and anybody including journalists of
course that's why the Israeli job that
Israeli snipers murdered and shoot
Palestinian civilians including
journalists without any feeling that
anybody could punish them which means
that Israel is doing Israel is a state
above law and you don't care about the
killing of journalists that you're
referring to the ongoing protests that
we've seen at the Gaza Israeli border
over the last six weeks tomorrow
fightable marks six weeks since these
protests began we've seen the killing of
two journalists in these protests and
the injuring of many more so what
challenges have you been facing as a
journalist and covering the ongoing
protests and have the deaths and the
injuries deterred you and other
journalists from doing your job
definitely on the personal level after
the mail dining yes imported by an
Israeli sniper cameraman and I had ever
seen also a reporter they have been made
that by Israeli sniper near the border
and Thins others have been wanted on the
personal level I hesitate to cover
anymore I mean last Friday for example I
did not cover the events because I was
afraid I'm so scared I'm scared that I
will I will my kids will be orphans or I
will lose one of my limbs 20 21 people
lost their limbs because of the Israeli
shootings in in addition regarding
difficulties or challenges I think we
have no other choice just to continue
our our our covering the first of all it
is our source of living number two we
have no other choice
number three nobody can put any pressure
on the Israelis soldiers or on the
Israeli military to stop targeting
journalists and we will get the we will
get to what more can be done and what
more governments can and should do to
protect journalists a little bit later
in the program but I would like to bring
benjamin Zawacki in from manila now the
Middle East and North Africa mr. sawaki
the worst region of a press freedom as
we mentioned al Jazeera journalists
muckman with Hussein has been in an
Egyptian jail for 500 days on Friday
without charge
Egypt is a hundred and sixty first on
the list of 180 countries is Hussein's
case an example of the government's
treatment of journalists yes it is it's
an example of not only Egypt
treatment of journalists but but this is
this is true not only in North Africa in
the Middle East but in Southeast Asia as
well and in some respects journalists
are simply those with their heads
highest above the parapet but this
really is these attacks on journalists
attacks on the press and on the media
are really attacks on transparency in
open societies right there essentially
governments fearing what they would term
is exposure they may fear a transparent
society in which their deeds are exposed
to the wider public because with
exposure ultimately could come
accountability and so they're
essentially demonizing those out out in
front of this movement the journalists
themselves the media those that take the
risks to investigate to analyse to
expose very politically inconvenient and
sometimes dangerous facts about what
their governments are doing at the end
of the day this is less a matter for of
simply press freedom but rather freedom
for people to to exercise their rights
in an ever-shrinking democratic space
this is true in autocratic governments
as far away as the United States and
certainly around this region and
Cambodia the Philippines Myanmar
Thailand the list goes on of
increasingly autocratic governments that
have less and less tolerance for
transparency and to take those that
intolerance out on on the press as you
mentioned Southeast Asia
has seen a decline in press freedom but
mr. de loire the hostility that we're
talking about towards the media is not
restricted to these authoritarian
regimes as mr. sawaki mentioned the US
has fallen again in the index under
President Donald Trump two places to a
hundred and forty fifth I mean this is a
president who's openly hostile to the
media and calls it enemies of the people
now the United States are ranked 45th
out of 180 countries in the world press
room index because that's a country
where as you said the president uses the
word that even a despot like Stalin used
in Moscow dozens of years ago and that
really worried that such words such
insults against journalists are used by
the President of the United States
because for many people in the world
this country I set up an example for
press freedom it has it has been a
priority of the diplomacy to expand
press with me even if of course in some
countries for diplomatic reasons it
wasn't such the case but what we have to
notice it that that this phenomenon in
the United States is not limited to
Trump of course reasons some reasons to
be obsessed with Donald Trump but if we
go and investigate in smaller cities not
just in Washington DC or New York City
if you go into the country and ask
people as Joan eyes they will say to you
that there is a transposition of the
common spirit in in such regions that
many generates face problems to
investigate that the Freedom of
Information Act that was really an
example for the rest of the world is not
now already implemented that there are
more and more arrests during our arrests
of journalists during demonstrations
there's really something that is beyond
Trump himself yes so it's happening
across America maybe because of an
example being set by the President and
mr. sawaki if we have you know the
so-called leader of the free world using
this
rhetoric towards the media it's being
repeated around the world because you
have the Philippine president saying
something like not only insulting
reporters but is warning them that
they're not exempt from assassination
you had the Czech president who showed
up to a press conference with a fake
Kalashnikov saying four journalists on
it right although I won't say that it's
something of a misconception that these
autocratic governments be they
democratically elected or otherwise
dislike the press on a monolithic basis
because in fact they'll be the first to
welcome the Preston to lay out the red
carpet they call a press conference in
order to to promote a government
initiative or or champion a government
project or call success to to to to a
foreign policy for example what what
they really don't like is is analysis
and frankly fat facts real facts that
run counter to the narrative they're
trying to to put forth fake news is a
reality and yet the Trump administration
has largely successfully co-opted the
term redefine the term to essentially
mean new with which he disagrees news
that he finds politically inconvenient
or personally offensive to the point
where to use another Southeast Asian
example you have Malaysia passing a law
about fake news and being essentially
toward the purpose of utilizing such a
lot but for electoral purposes and to
your point feeling increasingly
justified in doing so because the leader
of the free world is doing the same
thing in America Trump doesn't hate the
media he embraces Breitbart news he
embraces Fox News he simply dislikes the
media and demonizes the media that he
finds politically problematic and Mister
dellwo we've seen a dislike of the media
in what is regarded as the world's best
region for press freedom in Europe we've
seen two journalists killed in the past
year we've seen a Maltese journalist and
a Slovakian journalist murdered yes
there are other cases the fact that
there were two assassinations but also
there's the climate the environment in
which those cases took place and we have
to say that in many countries
journalism has been weakened by what
leaders say and sometimes but by what
part of the population also think so
that's today
mobilization of all democracies worthy
of this name that has to be organized
inside the European Union but of course
beyond and we have also do not it is
that good example countries where things
are now better I don't know for instance
in India in Africa where the press
freedom predator or left so poor on the
with the new president things are really
much better that's also the case in
Ecuador South America or in South Korea
with the president moon
so those democracy not those democracies
and sometimes South some democracies
they give the set up a very good example
that we have to follow that in fact at
the end the fight for press freedom is
really political and they have not are
you on the right or the left we have
read to fight to set up political
references and they have been silver
linings in the past year mister sawaki
the death of the Slovakian journalists
ended up in mass protests that led to
the the resignation of the government
the the murder of the Maltese journalist
has resulted in a consortium of
international journalists coming
together to continue her investigative
work under project Daphne yes it's
really incumbent upon not just
individual journalists but the
journalistic profession in the media to
fight back you think about the founding
of Al Jazeera founded to to essentially
put forth an alternative analysis of the
way in which mainstream media outlets
were were otherwise analyzing the global
news an alternative analysis is
perfectly legitimate but what Al Jazeera
has not sought to do is to tamper with
well-established facts and that's where
that that's at those are grounds that
shouldn't be shouldn't be straight into
I mentioned this because China is in the
process of forming something called the
voice of China that will essentially be
a consolidation of state backs and
state-supported news outlets and media
outlets that will almost certainly do
exactly that rather than just put forth
an alternative analysis which I think
the world would welcome it will indeed
question well-established facts in an
attempt to alter the narrative in such a
way that what the world is getting is
not the truth but is the truth as seen
through the political lens of the
Communist Party of China and so as these
developments take place it really is
incumbent upon the journalistic
community to fight back with with
factional stories and with analysis that
holds up under scrutiny mr. Sami Abu
Salim what can the journalist community
do to fight back other than what is
already doing covering Gaza covering the
israeli-palestinian conflict and what
more needs to be done to put pressure on
the Israeli government to respect the
rule of law to respect journalists
rights to work covering conflicts I
think that the first thing that
Palestine and journalists can do is to
avoid danger and to put their to put in
their considerations that they are a
target for the Israeli snipers number
two I I think that the Palestinian
journalists are in need for practical
support by international organizations
like reporters without borders or
international duration of journalists or
or Ania or any other organic
organizations I mean we as journalists
on the ground we I can see we we thank
those organizations very much about
their statements but I am NOT a lawyer
but I do not know how to bring the those
who are who killed Palestinian
journalists last week who killed yes a
mortage and Ahmed ever seen how to bring
them to the court that is some something
legal and political from the legal side
if they can sue that Israeli suspected
to be criminals who are targeted the
Palestinian journalists and if they
could help us to allow to put pressure
on Israel to allow the entry of flak
jackets and helmets and the equipment's
for safety
because I tell sooner I try to delete it
about the 20 flak jackets and the
Israeli the Israeli fuses all of the
authorities did not allow why I do not
know that's why I hope that those
organizations they are respected or guys
organizations support the Palestinian
journalists on the ground in Gaza on or
in the east bank to support them with
more practical tips something more than
denouncing mister mister de loire what
do you make of that i perfectly agreed
you don't think it's not enough it can
help to exercise pressure on top
governments but that's not you know for
sure what is really useful and what he
has said we have because of course in
front of weapons in front of jails in
front of despotic regimes what has the
assets of journalists i I do not mention
their courage of course but what are the
concrete assets one of the earth said
with protection of John it is
international a lot of pressure
resolutions have been adapted by various
UN bodies such as the Security Council
the General Assembly etc what we want is
the international lot to be implemented
we need a new position to be created in
the United Nations
special advisor a Special Representative
to the Secretary General of the UN to be
able to verify compliance international
to be able to exercise pressure on
stakeholders but we also have other
possibilities and filing lawsuits and so
that's why we first ask for independent
investigations and second if needed we
file a lawsuit
mr. sawaki I don't think any of the
journalists that have been murdered who
we've spoken about in this program that
they're killers have been held to
account so what more apart from what mr.
Abu Salim and mr. de loire
are suggesting can and should be done
especially by governments and as the UN
Secretary General on
press freedom day said that governments
must do more to protect journalists well
there must be consequences essentially
at the end of the day the the rap on
international law is that it's not real
law until and unless it is enforced and
so when you have journalists as the
victims of extrajudicial execution
arbitrary detention other violations of
the rights until and unless other
governments step in and actually
penalize countries for failing to
protect those journalists or in some
cases for perpetrating the crimes
against them these crimes will will
continue I think one of the things that
it's most necessary in the do you simply
continue doing their jobs to continue
getting the stories protecting their
sources ensuring that their their
analysis holds up one of the best ways
to protect and promote and defend Human
Rights is simply to continue exercising
those rights and not to be cowed by the
intimidation there are a lot of
governments a template implements
moreover it needs to be mentioned that
at least for several decades now the the
amount of funding that it's gone to
generalism has decreased in Southeast
Asia at the 15 years that I've been here
far fewer full-time foreign
correspondents to be to be roaming the
capitals and roaming the countryside in
large part on account of funds I'm
afraid that we are coming to the end of
our program and we don't have much time
left so I just want to ask one very
short question to our guest in Gaza mr.
Abu Salem will you be going back out to
the Gaza Israel border on Friday to
cover the ongoing protests last Friday I
did not go but this Friday I I think I'm
going because I have no other choice I I
think so but I will be so curious
because I'm sure that I am a target but
just because I'm a journalist and
because I am a Palestinian because I'm a
journalist and because I'm Palestinian
and I repeat what Lieberman said there
what the Israeli army minister said
there is no there are no innocent people
in Gaza which means that he is
justifying the killing of journalists or
any other civilians that's why I hope
reporters without borders and any other
international organizations like like
International Federation of Journalists
or a CPJ in New York I hope them to hold
training
for Israeli officers to teach them how
to be human and how to deal with
Palestinians as a human mr. Abu Salim
thank you very much for that there is
Sami Abu Salim joining us live from Gaza
Benjamin sawaki in Manila and christoph
dell wa in paris and thank you too for
watching you can see the program again
any time by visiting our web site
aljazeera.com and for further discussion
do go to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
inside story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
AJ and side story from the others of a
piranha the entire team here bye for now
you
