Donald Trump was signing an axe dealing
with water infrastructure when he was
asked about the death of Jamaal
keshavjee and the Saudi connection they
had a very bad original concept it was
carried out poorly and the cover-up was
one of the worst in the history of
cover-ups
because whoever thought of that idea I
think is in big trouble in terms of what
we ultimately do I'm gonna leave it very
much in conjunction with me up to
Congress but in an interview on Monday
Trump suggested he believes the Saudi
narrative of a quote plot gone awry that
led to Khashoggi skilling and questioned
the Turkish claims of the use of a bone
saw to dismember the journalists body
the Secretary of State said action was
already being taken against those of the
US held responsible for Koch OGIS death
we are taking appropriate actions which
include revoking visas entering visa
lookouts and other measures we are also
working with the Treasury Department to
review the applicability of global
magnet C sanctions to those individuals
Congress has already invoked the
Magnitsky Act which gives the
administration four months to
investigate Khashoggi g's death and
impose sanctions against those found
responsible the vice president also
expressed his horror at the death of
keshavjee and said that the information
gathered by CIA director gina Haspel in
Turkey will be key in the coming days
the director of the CIA is there in
Turkey now reviewing the evidence and
we're going to follow the facts we're
going to a demand that those responsible
are held accountable the expectation is
that the Turks went far more from
Washington that has already been
announced turkey wants more meaningful
action from the United States and to
that end I assume that they're sharing
the information that they have with
Haspel and if that evidence shows that
this was an assassination ordered at the
highest levels of the Saudi Kingdom as
alleged the Trump administration will be
tested in the meantime the President the
Vice President and Secretary of State
all continued to emphasize the
importance of the relationship between
the u.s. and Saudi Arabia both
economically and geopolitically
Burton see al-jazeera Washington
