when Armenians heard the news that the
government had backed down and would
back their people's candidate his Velvet
Revolution took a step closer to reality
I say there was no need to believe in
any politician or political power
believe in yourselves and only then will
you always win the Copa chignon had
called for another massive show of
support a message to the ruling
Republican Party that they were out of
touch with Armenian reality the
opposition movement had forced the
resignation of the country's long term
leader said sorry on last week but his
Republican Party refused to step aside
its rejection of passion Yuans candidacy
for prime minister on Tuesday only
seemed to make the movement stronger a
general strike on Wednesday paralyzed
the country students surrounded
ministries and cheered when the
government's Culture Minister resigned
with police absent and roads railways
and even the airport cut off
Nicole passion yarn claimed that the
only power the Republicans now had were
their seats in parliament they will try
to to enter army into into Yerevan I
guarantee that soldiers a we're soldiers
will join us the governing parties
intention to now back passion yarn in a
second round of voting will also fulfil
his movements objective to overthrow
power but respect the institutions that
has inspired Armenians of every
persuasion no trinket snowman this is
not only a fight for nickel to become a
prime minister but also the fight for
people's victory as a businessman
usually stay out of the politics and we
do our work when you went will you there
is a change you really are you really
feel that it's going to revolutionize
love and solidarity it's always been
peaceful it's always been people driven
and now they have reason to celebrate
because the people's candidate that said
to be the people's Prime Minister
rubbing for a co-worker al Jazeera
garabed
