these protesters are not happy with the
government of Buenos Aires they oppose
the city's plan to change the law to
allow authorities to burn waste and turn
it into energy
burning trash is dangerous not only for
human health where the plants are going
to be installed but it's the worst
possible way to treat waste the best way
is to recycle and the government wants
to change the law and replace it but
what worries many here is not just the
environment but the future of thousands
of urban recyclers like veras algun
Silas who works in a cooperative in
Buenos Aires she's 56 years old and
makes around $500 a month I started with
this because I was too old to work as a
domestic employee so I joined this
cooperative and now I'm able to survive
the government wants to get rid of us
and if they burn the trash all of us
will be left without a job picking up
recyclable materials from trash became a
way of making a living after the
economic crisis of 2001 when hundreds of
thousands of people lost their jobs
over the years this people organized
themselves into cooperatives
something that they say has not only
improved their working conditions but
has also given them dignity
Betina lucano is known here as the boss
she used to live on the streets and has
been able to turn her life's work into
this cooperative that employs at least
300 people we don't need to be searching
for recyclables on the street now the
city's government gave us vehicles and
we can collect from our clients and
recycle as much as we can
I still don't understand why the city
wants to buy plants that will take away
our way of making a living plans to
reduce the amount of waste the city of
winner site√≠s produces have failed over
the years most landfills have run out of
space government official ransom ROC
says the city needs to start looking for
new options we never said that
cooperatives were in any risk the idea
is to have plants that could burn trash
and give energy it is used in many
cities in Europe and we need to have
that option but we plan to continue
supporting the cooperatives in the city
waste management is a challenge for many
Latin American cities like Buenos itis
turbine recyclers have come to play a
crucial role in keeping the city clean
and give jobs to those who desperately
need them that's why these people are
demanding more guarantees that they
won't lose their jobs Teresa Waugh
al-jazeera Buenos Aires
