a piece of history to be returned home
at a special ceremony at the residence
of Iraq's ambassador in Washington US
officials returned the ancient objects
to the rightful owners it's part of our
soul man you know this is you know
really important to us you have to
understand that in Iraq memories are
long and so we really have a sense of
kinship to lead to these artifacts so
you know imagine these things coming
back home some of the valuable artifacts
are more than 5,000 years old and they
include examples of the first writing
system ancient religious texts and coins
with texts from early rulers of what was
then Mesopotamia they were among the
5,000 objects bought by the chain store
Hobby Lobby from dealers in the United
Arab Emirates and Israel in 2010 experts
warned the company the items might be
stolen but it went ahead with the
purchase it's been fined more than three
million dollars for breaking the law and
had almost 4,000 artifacts that were
stolen removed when the criminal
organizations steal this merchandise and
sell on the black market it funds other
criminal activity and we've had numerous
cases from terrorism activity so first
of all we're taking the money on the
hands of criminal organization
terrorists second of all we're returning
artifacts to the people well it's
thought the final destination for the
artifacts would be the recently opened
Museum of the Bible in Washington hobby
lobby's owners have a big stake in the
project it admitted previously it should
have taken more care and asked more
questions about the purchase Hobby Lobby
went ahead and bought the artifacts for
approximately 1.6 million dollars
additionally they allowed the dealers
who were supplying them to decide how
they should be shipped to the United
States unable to prove their legitimate
ownership of the pieces those dealers
smuggled the artifacts into the United
States Hobby Lobby isn't new to
controversy
it's conservative Christian owners
successfully sued the Obama
administration over the right to deny
employees insurance coverage for
contraceptives but this is a victory for
the Iraqis who plan to put many of the
returned relics in the National Museum
in Baghdad Allen Fisher al Jazeera
Washington
