in the end it came in the rather mundane
form of a letter dated the 16th of April
to various Basque organizations along
awaited announcement that Etta the group
that waged a violent campaign for
independence for five decades was
disbanding for good ending what it
called its historical cycle it's 50
years since Etta claimed its first
victim a secret police chief here in the
basque coastal city of san sebastian the
announcement that Etta's disbanding
comes as no surprise to anyone here but
many people do hope it marks the
beginning of a new era the name of that
police chief was Carlos DF his daughter
says people like her are still waiting
for a real apology impetus EPO is
another piece yaki Normandy in principle
it's good news that they are not killing
more people of course it's great news
that there are no more victims but there
is absolutely nothing to thank it for
its are formed in the late 1950s in
response to the crackdown on basque
culture by spain's dictator Francisco
Franco in 1973 they killed his heir
apparent Prime Minister Luis Carrero
Blanco public attitudes hardened and
opinion even inside Etta split when the
group killed 21 people in a Barcelona
supermarket in 1987 and a series of
arrests of Etta leaders in both Spain
and France weakened the group
significantly last month Etta which had
observed a ceasefire since 2011 did
apologize to what it called innocent
victims of its bombings and
assassinations but that wasn't extended
to the families of people in the
security services or politicians who
were among the more than 800 killed by
etter over the years for some people in
Spain's Basque region the latest
announcement is a missed opportunity in
terms of society I don't think we're
going to notice much change and at a
personal level I don't believe in it is
end because there are many missing dead
people there are many assassinations
that have not been clarified
there are many victims that have not
received compensation for their part
campaigners for the rights of etta
prisoners currently in jail across Spain
and in France hoping they'll soon be
able to serve their sentences near their
families in the Basque region so this is
not closure but it has re-energized
the debate on where the Basque
independence movement goes from here
Nadine barber al Jazeera
