this is the first prisoner to leave
Guantanamo Bay since Donald Trump took
office at its height the facility held
780 detainees now 40 remain ahmed
mohamed ahmed hase
al Dhabi has been in US custody since
2002 he says he was tortured at the
notorious US facility in Bagram
Afghanistan before arriving at
Guantanamo he admitted to aiding a
suicide attack on a French oil tanker
near Yemen in 2002 but under the terms
of a plea deal he reached he was
supposed to have been released into
Saudi custody by February the 20th of
this year that did not happen which
raised questions as to whether Donald
Trump would refuse to reduce
Guantanamo's population having vowed
repeatedly to repopulate the detention
camp in Congress to ensure that in the
fight against Isis and al Qaeda we
continue to have all necessary power to
detain terrorists wherever we chase them
down wherever we find them and in many
cases them it will now be Guantanamo Bay
the Pentagon also announced on Wednesday
it had sent guidelines to the White
House for future prisoner transfers to
Guantanamo however the defense secretary
James mattis and others I said not to be
keen to use what even George W Bush had
eventually to concede was a propaganda
tool against the u.s. others say the
reason to close the facility down is it
simply unlawful to keep prisoners in
indefinite detention without a fair
trial
our Darby has nine more years to serve
of his 13 year sentence in Saudi Arabia
in a statement relayed through his
lawyer he said quote my words will not
do justice to what I have lived through
in those years and the men I leave
behind in prisoner
no one should remain in Guantanamo
without a trial there is no justice in
that Sher Burton C al Jazeera
