230 dollars that's the amount of
military spending last year for each
person on the planet it adds up to
almost two trillion dollars or 2.2
percent of the world's economy military
spending in China rose the most last
year based on the latest figures from
the Stockholm International Peace
Research Institute or sip read the 12
billion dollar boost leads a 29 year
upward trend in Asia
China's 228 billion dollar budget is
being spent on some big-ticket purchases
aircraft carriers don't come cheap
China has bought one and has two more
under construction
contrast that with Russia which cut its
military spending last year by 20
percent the first drop in almost 10
years tsipras says that's because of
economic constraints at home but Russia
remains a major player in conflicts
including three years of airstrikes in
Syria to back the Assad regime Saudi
Arabia's driving a rise in military
spending in the Middle East a nine point
two percent increase makes it the
world's third largest spender but the
world number one remains the United
States at 610 billion dollars the u.s.
forked out more on its military in 2017
than the next six countries on the list
combined there was a downward trend in
spending from 2010 but that plateaued
last year under US President Donald
Trump the report's authors predict the
pentagon budget will rise this year
