running out of water many parts of the
world are drying up at an alarming rate
what's been done to confront the crisis
which affect at least a billion people
what causes in the first place this is
Inside Story
hello welcome to the program I'm Jane
Dutton we are facing one of the greatest
global risks of our time the shortage of
water and the battle to secure supplies
of the most vital life-giving
commodities is political environmental
and economic the UN says there's an
abundance of fresh water but that it's
an evenly distributed around the world
and under increasing pressure such as in
Katyn an entire city of around 4 million
South Africans running dry water
scarcity is a growing issue in the Gulf
countries such as Qatar and Bahrain
desalinate seawater to provide drinking
supplies and more than 1 billion people
in Asia rely on rivers and glaciers for
drinking and irrigation but glasses that
feed the rivers are shrinking or even
disappearing altogether because of
global warming North African countries
such as Algeria suffer extreme water
shortages and the political battle over
damming the Nile has devastated many
farmers in Egypt Central and Latin
America on the other hand of 60 times
more fresh water than the Middle East
and North Africa but Americans living in
drought stricken US states such as
California often have water restrictions
as Rob Reynolds reports from Los Angeles
an estimated 18 million people now live
in the Los Angeles metropolitan area on
land that was once largely arid this
sprawling city has thrived despite the
lack of an obvious large source of water
nearby Los Angeles's history is tied
with water this place was able to grow
and expand and become one of the largest
metropolis in the world because we
brought water here the second phase of I
think Los Angeles is growth now is going
to be with a new normal with the
expectation of less water over time and
more people how can we sustain economic
progress and sustain life itself here in
La La's water comes in by aqueducts from
the San Joaquin River Delta to the north
the Sierra Nevada mountains to the east
and Hoover Dam on the
rado River 400 kilometers away but all
three sources are in decline we have the
pressure of climate change which has
been reducing our winter snowpack over
time if the snow is either not falling
or it's melting too quickly in the early
months and then we're dry in the summer
months the solutions to Los Angeles is
water dilemma according to its mayor our
conservation recycling and better use of
local sources of water conservation was
proven effective in the recent
multi-year drought when LA residents
reduced water use dramatically we have
plenty of water in Los Angeles
it's whether we choose to use it
efficiently and effectively recycling
waste water is another challenge about
60% of our equivalent water usage
everyday we treat clean and then wash
out to the ocean that means that we
could have 60% more water if somehow
that water came back to us if we could
just take that water make sure as many
places do that it is sanitary to drink
and then bring that to the homes that we
have contrary to popular belief it does
rain in Southern California but
currently that rainwater goes to waste
it's one of the perverse things about la
is that we've engineered this incredible
system that whenever one drop of rain
drops outside of our city we know how to
grab it take it use it but anything that
actually drops inside our city we
quickly wash it out to the ocean instead
of reusing it for ourselves that's what
we're changing and that will ensure a
life for you know centuries to come
challenges that must be met to keep the
City of Angels from running dry Rob
Reynolds al-jazeera Los Angeles
well it's not bringing our guests
joining us from captain Kevin winter
lecturer at the environmental and
geographical Sciences Department
University of Cape Town in London David
Tecna is a chief freshwater advisor at
WWF that's the World Wildlife Fund and
in Norwich via Skype marks a co-founder
of the water security research sent a
very warm welcome to all three of you
gentlemen David taken our we're facing
one of our largest global risks when it
comes to water paid the picture for us
yeah I think that's a fair way of
summarizing it Jane and I liked your
introductory piece as well water is one
of those issues which unless it's in
profound scarcity if we're in the middle
of a drought or conversely sometimes if
we're experiencing floods it's an issue
that quite often people don't think
about but some air another every day we
we all live at the water's edge so it
doesn't really matter how close you are
to a river or a lake the water we need
to generate the power that keeps our
lights on to to irrigate the crops that
feed us to manufacture the stuff that we
buy and use every day and of course the
water we use in our in our homes all of
this water comes from rivers lakes or
aquifers and those rivers lakes and
aquifers in many parts of the world are
under increasing pressure partly because
we're overusing them partly because
we're polluting them and generally
because we haven't really taken very
good care of them in recent years throw
in a bit of climate change which makes
rainfall and water supplies increasingly
unpredictable and it's pretty clear that
the world is facing something of a
crunch in terms of how it manages water
Kevin winter you nodding away there I
know that Cape Town is experiencing its
own pain and misery when it comes to
this but from a bigger global point of
view how big an issue are we looking at
at the moment well I think I can really
only speak for our region in particular
because and and the comment that David
makes just now but we're all living on
the edge of water in lots of ways and in
our particular case it has been a
prolonged drought and we're now going
into
for fear and very uncertain what our
winter rains are going to hold so it's a
massive issue and here we are with a
city with its own history of apartheid
and the implications of a city that is
struggling with many other issues and
water has never really been one of them
we've cooked pretty well up until now
and we've had really good programs for
water demand management over the years
and now suddenly the trigger has been as
let off and set off rather and we have a
city which is increasing in size and
we've got climate change so the
realities of your introduction and and
what David has said are very real to us
right now and David also pointed out
that it's something that we never really
noticed until we needed do you think
that's one of the problems I mean look
at the picture behind you in you know in
Cape Town is water water everywhere is
that one of the problems yeah I think
the issue that we really have to look at
here is improving our ability to manage
water and if we go back to where we were
in 2015 roughly using about 230 litres
per person per day that's well above the
global per capita usage and we now been
pushed to use about 50 litres per person
per day and we've almost achieved that
which is remarkable but in between it
says we must have been doing something
that shows our inability to manage water
effectively lots of waste lots of
decline in our water as well and let me
just pick up when the other point was
raised already our inability to capture
stormwater and to use it effectively to
recharge our aquifers
so we've learnt a lot and and what's
happened over the last three to three
years is a readjustment of a management
program that was focused on a particular
area mainly around water demand
management and reliance on our dams to
supplies our water in ninety-eight
percent of the city of Cape Town's water
comes from dams from surface dams so
that means you put in all your eggs into
one basket and in a
the climate-resilient strategy that's
one that's not going to face it's kind
of rude certainly give us many
challenges in the future and so these
are some of the things that the city is
is certainly having to deal with right
now it's a wake up call a wake up call
indeed mark is attune from a global risk
point of view and your experience what
are you seeing when it comes to water
the role it's playing at the moment and
and the impact of the scarcity well the
impact is felt very much locally like
your your other interviewees have said I
look mainly at the Middle East and
they're all across the Middle East of
course but in very different ways in
different places the the scarcity is
felt in very acute or less acute ways so
for instance the scarcity in Jordan also
man-made not I mean let's not blame
climate change or or God or mother
nature it's it's a dry part of the world
Jordan just doesn't have a lot of water
resources to begin with but if on top of
that you've got population influx is due
to war from you know first originally
from Palestine and the creation of the
State of Israel and then from Iraq and
now Syria then the pressure is that much
greater on water resources that exist in
Jordan that were already scarce at the
same time in Jordan and in other places
around there who runs the Middle East
were were were mismanaging water in the
sense that we're growing for instance
crops in the desert with a little bit of
water that we that exists in some of the
places means that it should be used for
its most valuable resource mainly for
drinking water for people and not so
much to grow crops that are then
exported or that could be imported in
the form which is what we call virtual
water so if you have the option to
import food rather than growth food then
you can use the existing water that you
have for more valuable reasons
yeah and that's not even to get the
trans boundary element and all the water
conflicts that are going on in the
Middle East okay interesting that you
talk about water conflicts that's one of
the things we're gonna touch on because
Kuwait is hosting the third Arab water
conference to discuss issues in the
Middle East leaders are discussing how
to combat desertification climate change
management failures and water theft and
they're talking about regional conflicts
such as the Golan Heights as well as
water shortages in the occupied
Palestinian territories and southern
Lebanon let me go back to you mark I
mean how often is water used to push a
political agenda well it's it's water is
used all the time to promote politics
and water is politics
water is used to achieve political or
military objectives increasingly in Iraq
and in Syria
but to get back to the political
objectives and if you look at the Jordan
River for example Israel's near total
control over the trans boundary Jordan
River which includes Lebanon Syria
Jordan Israel and the Palestinians that
control is being used not to share the
water equitably but to to displace one
group of people the Palestinians from
the West Bank for example by denying
them water and then to lay down water
pipes on the Israeli settlements and to
encourage a new population to come and
settle the land so it's water is used
for population transfer and for ethnic
cleansing in that case David I should
imagine that you see politics at play
all the time when it comes to water
considering how profitable it is how
much it's needed and how well it can be
used to squeeze or exploit people get
what you want yes yes I mean I think
Marx right that the water is a
profoundly political issue it's also an
issue that often is tackled within
broader geopolitical context
particularly where there are trans
boundary issues there about 260 270 odd
rivers around the world which flow
across national borders and and whenever
that happens there
how those rivers are shared how the
benefits from those rivers are shared
that's always going to be slightly at
the whim of broader political debates
between countries we see there's a min
mark mark as mentioned the Middle East a
lot and we see this in other parts of
the world as well
WWF does quite a lot of work in the
Mekong region in Southeast Asia Mekong
is you know one of the top ten longest
rivers in the world it flows for about
four thousand kilometres across six
countries from China down to Vietnam and
Cambodia there's a lot of dam building
going on on the Mekong a lot of that is
to generate hydroelectricity and it's a
region which needs electricity for
development
but the way in which the dams are being
built is perhaps not particularly
sensible and could have profound
consequences for the food security of
the downstream countries Cambodia in
Vietnam that's less to do with water use
for growing food and irrigation there
are elements of that it's more to do
with the fisheries that live naturally
in the river and which are a major
source of protein for 16 million people
living in the Middle's you build the
dams that has major impact on those fish
populations which begs the question what
are those sixty million people going to
do for their protein sources where are
they going to get protein from it's such
a different balance difficult balance to
make to answer that question yeah excuse
me jumping in here to get that balance
you know man obviously wants to get
involved but when you've got them
changing the course of rivers
interfering with Mother Nature
disturbing that delicates eco balance it
can only end in problems contact well it
can if you do it badly but one of the
encouraging things is that among sort of
technical water management experts
around the world there's men you're a
real sort of flowering over the last 20
25 years of innovation in sort of
governance approaches in planning
approaches in technical assessment
approaches which have enabled us to
understand those potential trade-offs
between for example building dams and
and impacts on downstream countries much
much better there there are seldom
perfect solutions but quite often there
are very good solutions what we really
need now is the politicians to be alive
to those to be ready to be informed by
those to engage
stakeholders in some of those
discussions and if we do that then
there's every reason why that we could
manage our rivers much better going
forward again we're gonna focus a little
more on solutions later on but I just
want to come back to you Kevin and talk
about possible politics at play in Cape
Town and South Africa do you think the
fact that the opposition party the DA
was in control of the Western Cape did
this have a role did this impact on the
government not wanting to release the
resources that's needed and if politics
has such a stranglehold on such an
important resource how do you work
around it or South Africa's politics are
in a very complicated space and the
ability for national government to align
itself and and to communicate more
effectively with local authorities
particularly if there are local
authorities with a opposition parties
involved in running those cities seems
to have been one of these challenges
that has delayed some of the
decision-making and the cooperation from
a national government to a local
government level so they certainly have
I think being awkward debates it's mean
slow in terms of timing to turn that
around on the other side is that cities
large cities like the city of Cape Town
are gonna have to learn to lead a lot
faster and national governments tend to
follow rather than actually lead so it
it's appropriate for cities the size of
Cape Town to be much more proactive
rather than waiting for either some
pronouncements from politicians at a
national level or to bring very limited
national budgets to bear on a crisis and
in the case of South Africa we've had
all nine of our provincial areas undergo
severe droughts so there isn't a lot of
money left in the pot anyway and and
therefore local cities local governments
have to do much more to become more
resilient they have to literally lead
certainly we got loads of politics
within our own own country when we look
at this not only at a catchment level
all said a city level we're in many ways
day zero the minimal amount of water
that people have been living on is some
in which people have been actively
engaged in and living for for many
decades people living in informal
settlements in South Africa in Cape Town
and in low-cost housing areas water and
access to that water and most of all
water in terms of Sanitation today we
seem to be talking more about water
supply but we also need to be talking
about water services and water
sanitation and also drainage that's
associated with that as well but
politics abounds in our country and
indeed it certainly makes for some very
tough decisions that are based upon
party politics at the expense of
managing water effectively mark any
solutions that you can talk about in the
Middle East region that are sustainable
and that are easy to share with
everybody who needs it and and
cost-effective yeah the silver bullet
it's what we're looking for but I agree
with Dave there's no perfect solution
there are some pretty good solutions
based on best practice and what we've
learned
generally the you know using less water
is a good idea and that means getting
your agricultural practice under control
which doesn't always mean more efficient
agriculture that just means growing
the right kinds of crops in the right
kinds of places and maybe importing
crops rather than using your precious
water resources so that's one option in
terms of trans boundary water conflicts
I draw your attention to to the
conflicts on the Nile with the dam that
Ethiopia is building up stratum on the
Nile and the Tigris and Euphrates with
the dam that turkey is building on the
Tigris and and that are the many several
dams that Iran is building on the
tributaries to the Tigers which all of
which are going to have massive
downstream impacts on Sudan and Egypt in
the Niles case and mainly on Iraq in the
Tigris case what do you do there
that's geopolitics writ large the
imperfect solution is to
promote what Hydra diplomacy and the
promotion of international water law
international water law has been
codified and is effective is in effect
these days and it talks about some quite
reasonable principles like equitable and
reasonable use which suggests how the
water or control of the flows should be
used and should be divided it's it
actually saprissa palatable and
reasonable you suggest that the water is
not be divided equally but equitably
according to the need that access to
alternative sources and and other
reasonable factors but I think all
countries should be promoting and
investigating and basing their trans
boundary water policies upon okay David
so it seems that we need to look at
water differently because there is no
substitute for water is they and there's
the same amount of water where that's
you know wherever it goes that with it
goes when it goes up it's got to come
down somewhere so it's how we access it
and utilize it better yeah I think
that's right and I think there is the
beginnings of a fundamental shift in the
understanding and the basis of how we
manage water I think throughout much of
a lot the 20th century the emphasis was
very much on engineering approaches
build dams store water supply to people
who need it and there's a role for that
going forward as well but increasingly
we're seeing that that rivers and
aquifers are now in overdraft we're
taking too much water out of them and so
we can't just keep on supplying more and
more and more until the rivers and the
air is completely run dry we have to
look at a range of different measures
mark has mentioned some of the measures
that need to happen at that sort of the
big scale if you like the global scale
using international water law and trans
boundary negotiations there are a bunch
of things that can happen at a more
local scales as well so for instance you
know we can plan how we allocate water
much more robustly so that we're not
living in in hydrological overdraft if
you like we're only taking as much out
of the system as the system can afford
we can tackle pollution at source that's
in working with companies working with
factories to try and make sure they have
good pollution
treatment in on-site and also working
with farmers to make sure that they're
taking good care of soil and not
applying applying too many fertilizers
and pesticides this is a global issue we
even see it here in the UK we can work
with a whole range of stakeholders
including the public to just try and
raise awareness of how precious a
resource water is and also of the role
that ordinary people can can take
through better conservation of water in
their homes through contributing to
citizen science through raising
political pressure and importantly I
think we need to take account of what's
happening to the nature of our rivers I
think it's an often forgotten dimension
of the water security crisis that that
that wildlife that rivers lives in
rivers and lakes and wetlands is
declining precipitously at twice the
rate we see into in the oceans and in
the tropical rain forests ok if we
really want a litmus test of whether
we're managing rivers sustainably
stabilizing wildlife levels is is a
really good thing to look at Kevin so
it's our no-brainer and briefly if you
will I mean if we look after our water
supplies you can raise a generation
country you can educate people far
better you can raise health Sandt
standard sanitation standards everybody
benefits yeah I think this is really
interesting discussion and part of the
work that we do in it just to come back
to this the the conversation around
downstream impacts of our water and our
mismanagement of that one of the
experiments and and work we do at a
fairly large scale right now said not
just experiments but we're taking failed
sanitation systems from our informal
settlements and we take in that water
which is coming down into a stream
diverting that through large
nature-based
processes and these processes are able
to clean up about 75% of the
contamination of that water and we're
using that water now safely for edible
irrigating arable crops so it's amazing
what we can do and if we can clean up
passably effectively without a large
investment of infrastructure and most of
all not adding more chemicals to the
problem we can start to improve
as as David saying just now our wildlife
further downstream okay let's leave on
that positive moment Kundun thousands of
leases weekly basis and it's incredible
today and winter thank you very much
David Ticknor and Mark said - and thank
you for watching you can see the program
again any time by visiting our website
aljazeera.com for further discussion
find out what you can do when it comes
to this water crisis you can go to our
Facebook page at facebook.com forward
slash AJ inside store you can also join
the conversation on Twitter I handle his
ed at AJ inside story for meet Jane dot
and the rest of the team right now
you
