attackers targeted the Electoral
Commission headquarters on Wednesday
morning a suicide bomber detonated his
explosives before shooting began no one
has claimed responsibility but the
assault comes days after the UN
pressured Libya's leaders to hold
elections by the end of the year the
international quartet of the EU Arab
League African Union and the UN met on
Monday to promise assistance in
organizing the voting
despite the quartet's optimistic talk of
improving security Libya remains divided
the UN backed an internationally
recognized national core government in
Tripoli was formed three years ago
fires al Suraj is the prime minister but
he struggled to establish the authority
of his government beyond the capital
pitted against the government of
national Accord in the West is a Tobruk
administration in the East under the
control of the self-declared Libyan
National Army it's commander general
halifa CAFTA controls the oil-rich East
and it's vital export terminals
he recently shrugged off election talks
and urged Libyans to trust his army
instead I want you to trust the army it
will lead you to what you aim for I know
you want a real life not a semblance of
a life that results from elections after
has expressed disdain for the government
of national Accord in Tripoli government
leaders and the Capitals say that before
elections are held
Libyans should agree on a new electoral
law and a constitution they want to turn
their back on past agreements and take
us all the way to new elections
afters army which is supported by UAE in
Egypt is more powerful than troops based
in Tripoli in the general who recently
returned home after medical treatment is
widely seen by his supporters as the
only Libyan leader qualified to end
years of infighting Hannah hawkster
al-jazeera
