an estimated 18 million people now live
in the Los Angeles metropolitan area on
land that was once largely arid this
sprawling city has thrived despite the
lack of an obvious large source of water
nearby Los Angeles's history is tied
with water this place was able to grow
and expand and become one of the largest
metropolis in the world because we
brought water here the second phase of I
think Los Angeles is growth now is going
to be with a new normal with the
expectation of less water over time and
more people how can we sustain economic
progress and sustain life itself here in
La La's water comes in by aqueducts from
the San Joaquin River Delta to the north
the Sierra Nevada mountains to the east
and Hoover Dam on the Colorado River 400
kilometers away but all three sources
are in decline we have the pressure of
climate change which has been reducing
our winter snowpack over time the snow
is either not falling or it's melting
too quickly in the early months and then
we're dry in the summer months the
solutions to Los Angeles is water
dilemma according to its mayor our
conservation recycling and better use of
local sources of water conservation was
proven effective in the recent
multi-year drought when LA residents
reduced water use dramatically we have
plenty of water in Los Angeles
it's whether we choose to use it
efficiently and effectively recycling
waste water is another challenge about
60% of our equivalent water usage every
day we treat clean and then wash out to
the ocean that means that we could have
60% more water if somehow that water
came back to us if we could just take
that water make sure as many places do
that it is sanitary to drink and then
bring that to the homes that we have
contrary to popular belief it does rain
in Southern California but currently
that rain water goes to waste it's one
of the perverse things about LA is that
we've engineered this incredible system
that whenever one drop of rain drops
outside of our city we know how to grab
it take it use it but anything that
actually drops inside our city we
quickly wash it out to the ocean instead
of reusing it for ourselves
that's what we're changing and that will
ensure life for you know centuries to
come challenges that must be met to keep
the City of Angels from running dry Rob
Reynolds al-jazeera
Los Angeles
