pollution has become a silent killer
stalking people outside and even inside
their homes from exposure to smog from
industry or traffic fumes to smoke from
cooking the World Health Organisation
says seven million people die from air
pollution every year nine every ten
persons around the world are breathing
an air that is not respecting the
recommended guidelines of temperature
for air quality the w-h-o says pollution
worldwide increased by 8 percent and
there's a pollution gap between rich and
poor countries data collected shows
people in low and middle-income
countries in Southeast Asia and the
eastern Mediterranean are breathing in
the most polluted air on the planet
while the lowest levels of pollution
were measured in cities in Europe the
Americas and the western Pacific more
encouraging news is cities across the
economic spectrum were able to reduce
pollution levels by more than five
percent in the past five years for the
time being because of the demographics
and because of the speed on the
implementation and because probably of
the lack of political will in some
countries we are not moving at a speed
that we would like to see the w-h-o says
reducing industrial smokestack emissions
increasing the use of renewable energy
taking mass transit and walking and
cycling can expedite efforts to make the
air we all breathe cleaner
Natasha Ghanim al Jazeera
