it's 11 years since a Chinese Foreign
Minister last stepped foot in North
Korea a measure of the strain in
relations between these allies and now
of China's desire to repair them 1 Yi is
in Pyong yang 5 days after the historic
inter-korean summit when Kim jong-un and
president moon jae-in agreed to pursue
denuclearization of the peninsula and a
peace treaty one will be hoping for a
detailed briefing on the results of that
meeting unusually last Friday Chinese
leaders found themselves on the
sidelines of a major international event
happening on their doorstep and they
won't be part of the planned meeting
between president Donald Trump and Kim
jong-un either analysts say China's
president who met Kim jong-un in late
March wants to ensure that the Chinese
aren't left out of future talks that
could possibly include the United States
China wants to make sure that in any
follow-on discussions China will have a
secure seat and negotiating table it is
hard to believe that China won't play a
role in any future discussions it is in
theory at least the only ally that North
Korea has and China was also a signatory
to the 1953 armistice that ended
hostilities on the Korean Peninsula but
not the state of war that still exists
between the two Koreas Adrian Brown al
Jazeera in Beijing
