over the last month this group of
Central American migrants has attracted
international attention many of them
fled their homes in Honduras El Salvador
and Guatemala to reach the u.s. southern
border but only a few steps away from
where the so called migrant caravan has
camped outside the border crossing
dozens of other migrants share similar
hopes of reaching a safe place to live
this former taxi driver who fears
revealing his identity is from the
Mexican state of Michoacan now camping
under a plastic tarp with his wife and
children he says he was forced from his
home after 18 of his colleagues were
killed by criminal groups over a span of
two months you can't work at night
anymore because you might get shot many
people have died and their bodies cut up
there have been shootings between
criminals were many children lost their
lives it's innocent people that get
caught in the crossfire Mexican states
like Michoacan where many of these
people are from suffer record rates of
homicide and violent crime the stories
they tell are no different from those
fleeing violence in Honduras El Salvador
or Guatemala but have failed to capture
the same attention international human
rights observers like Madeleine Penman
say these families have a right to be
heard both Mexican asylum seekers and
Central American asylum seekers fleeing
situations where their lives are at risk
we think that a few dozen families is
not a threat to the United States it's
not a is not in any way a criminal act
and it is not a crime to seek asylum in
the United States especially when your
life is at risk
the migrant caravan has become the topic
of fierce debate among American
politicians and media pundits but
residents of Tijuana are accustomed to
seeing a constant flow of individuals
seeking asylum to the US throughout the
year it may range from a few dozen to
several thousands at a time while these
asylum seekers from Mexico and Central
America continue to wait outside the US
border for their names to be called
record levels of violence in their home
countries ensures that thousands more
will take their place after the cameras
have gone man when a fellow al Jazeera
Tijuana
