the protests started peacefully and
Finley's anger and frustration bubbled
forth thousands joined the annual May
Day march to add their voice of protest
over tough new austerity measures cuts
to pensions hurricane recovery efforts
in schools cuts that some economists
warned could wretched up the poverty
rate in Puerto Rico from an already high
45 percent to more than 60 why am I here
because I'm a citizen of this country
and I work in a field that has been
contaminated and abused in this country
people are literally dying I'm a teacher
and I'm here to fight for my students
and for a better future for them it's
more than seven months since Hurricane
Maria tore across the island causing
more than a hundred billion dollars in
damage but the island was already
crippled with debt now at seventy two
billion dollars and in the midst of an
11 year recession a federal control
board created two years ago to try to
resolve Puerto Rico's economic crisis
approved a raft of austerity measures in
late April the Puerto Rico's governor
has refused to implement them and the
mayor of San Juan has called on Congress
to do away with the control board
completely many here are angry at the
lack of real recovery since Hurricane
maria around 30,000 homes and businesses
remain in the dark many are still
waiting for insurance payouts and
services have closed for a lack of funds
the authorities hold the power around
here that is the business owners and the
rich people and these protesters have no
power they don't even have the right to
protest
large numbers of Puerto Ricans left to
the country in the aftermath of the
hurricane protesters say they fear tough
new austerity measures will give those
who remain little choice but to leave
two million ohand al Jazeera
