look at people and his friends come to
the stream everyday and spend long hours
panning for gold they're hoping to find
even a few tiny specks of the precious
metal to support their families I come
here to make a living I sift through the
sand and look for gold because it's the
only way for me to feed my mother and
father if I find some specks of gold I
sell it and get money to feed my family
the 20 year old says he can make about
$30 a day if he finds a gram of gold and
in South Sudan where the inflation rate
is more than 120 percent that's a
fortune the value of the South Sudanese
pound has tumbled because of the
economic crisis caused by the four-year
long civil war for many here selling
gold to traders is the only way to
survive but the government is losing out
because of the inflated economy -
sometimes prefer to sell gold to traders
themselves without going through a
government body the gold is then
smuggled across the border and sold for
higher prices robbing South Sudan of its
wealth less than half a dozen companies
have licenses to mined for gold in South
Sudan the Civil War has discouraged many
companies and miners working for
themselves prefer to deal directly with
traders who prefer gold instead of the
declining currency South Sudan's
currency is not accepted everywhere
things are becoming expensive so if we
can find any other currency like gold
yes we'll take it to keep up with the
inflation the size of South Sudan's gold
reserves isn't known and fighting has
caused more gold to go abroad in the
jaribg member trade has come from Uganda
and Kenya and buy gold from the - people
find gold in abundance but if traders
give them $30 while we give them 20 then
manners won't come to us we are supposed
to get at least 5 kgs every two weeks
but we don't get even 1 kg we are trying
to control the borders but we can't lack
of control which makes it easy for
prospectors such as look at hippo to get
a better price from traders than the
wood from the government allowing them
to buy more food for their families
Hiba Morgan al-jazeera capito
