mangroves are among the most biodiverse
habitats on the planet they play a vital
role in the lives of coastal communities
but these forests are facing
deforestation 35% of the world's
mangroves have already been lost and
here in the Irrawaddy delta only 16% of
original cover is left only on ma where
a local innovative project is combining
grassroots conservation state-of-the-art
drone technology to take mangrove
regeneration to new heights
Yamaha is vulnerable to cyclones which
strike every few years
in 2008 the worst ever cyclone nargis
claimed more than 130,000 lives
experts now believe that mangroves hold
the key to saving thousands of lives
when the next big storm hits to find out
how I've come to a local coconut farmer
who agreed to show me his mangrove
forest
oh wow these are proper trees the
tallest mangroves here reached 25 metres
and a sturdy 40 centimeters in diameter
the forest was planted after a cyclone
in 1975 these trees here did you plant
them what I thought he was sad because
him breathing Oh mark I need a guy named
Sal with me I'm a koala or anything you
can imagine these incredibly violent
storms that blow in here and you start
to understand how these mature forests
actually have the capacity to break that
that wind and stop some of that storm
surge making its way into these
settlements and farms and how about
maybe some of the other farms where
there's no mangroves do you know of any
farms that suffer because of the storms
listen yeah you did it you did it
blimey oh yeah
machinery but you know a commissary
leave me here and I miss you daddy oh so
it's a protection
yeah
so if mangroves are so effective of
protecting against storms why if 1
million hectares been cut down since
1978 leaving the population here
unprotected
I'm meeting when young an ecologist with
30 years experience in forestry to find
out more wing I don't know why you
thanks for me thanks so much
when heads the world view international
foundations mangrove regeneration
project here in Denmark
cannot see this mafia
you never seem to get on
at the moment is this a mangrove all
over this mangrove Coalition is a
severely degraded right in the coastal
area 60% of the villages they don't have
a permanent job they try to find out the
money from the mangrove area and then
they can come in cut the tree within the
one hour they can get their money for
their livelihood no I understand so
you're talking about really a negative
feedback cycle yeah it's this confluence
of the environmental stresses and the
economic stresses is driving people into
the mangrove yeah yeah yeah I understand
shrimp and rice farming as well as
charcoal production have stripped me
amar of mangroves leaving it critically
exposed if action isn't taken soon the
communities who live here are in danger
of being decimated by the next big storm
there are still trees here
yeah yeah this is that is this entry
okay but this is her Wow
blended feet okay dude from their 2015
win and a hundred locals have
systematically planted 400 thousand
seedlings by hand here in the last three
years
yeah it goes right the back yeah all the
way through doesn't it yeah alright yeah
but the job is far from complete
okay so we've come right into the thick
of it here all that work that we can
hear in the background that's a lot of
chopping and preparing of the ground
before 300 thousand seedlings or more
are gonna go into this mud so it sounds
like there's a lot of hard work going on
so we should maybe go and try and lend a
hand
hey I'm Russell hey so can you tell me
are you are you from this area you know
at all let's say donor love are all
element alone overly we really valid in
a bubble devil ironic nobody's wrong
luteum oh no hana daddy you don't seem
you know zero to be there Amir cyla
Cindy daily know when we little you feel
some way you are giving something back
you know what loser Guerrero don't know
movie - I'm a loser girl you know did
you go to college in India yada Lucy
bizarre anomaly
Booya Ramat Aviv energy between a fever
mama would say nerubian Ishida Pajero
cobia Kumar Mohammed Vida whoa whoa
buddy
yeah I understand did you show me how to
do it and I am a complete knowledge but
just
backhand I'm getting it getting the hang
of it ideally it's all about the angles
yet okay yeah just like that
the team of 35,000 hectares of coastline
to plan
and erasing to do it before the next big
cycle hits
this is an incredibly complex ecosystem
when we're looking at here and now as an
ecologist it must be incredibly
challenging to move towards restoration
the wind is turned to the latest
technology so this area now we try to
make them the planting and draw and they
are they working today that yes they are
that working today yeah
today the Oxford based team of
scientists will be testing whether their
double propeller
quadrocopter drone can fire seven
thousand seeds in an hour it's so
cutting-edge I've been asked to stand
back
Arina Federico heads up the project so
um
has this ever been done before anything
like this do you know it no to college
we are definitely the first one and it's
gonna be our largest experiment and is
there interest we can have a look at one
of the pods just to kind of get a sense
of what you're what we're actually
dealing with here so what is what's
inside this they're made from by
degradable plastic and all natural
material and inside he also while you
have local seeds and you have local
minerals and natural material it looks
like we're nearly there just saw a green
light oh good
the test will be successful if one shot
into the ground all pods embed in the
soil deep enough for growth to occur if
it works the team will return in a few
months time to plant
24 million more
that is I have never seen anything like
that before yeah the drone has a
pre-programmed flight path if the seeds
penetrate the soil the chance of each of
these pods becoming a tree is greater
than if planted by nature or hand
because the depth will make them more
resistant to erosion touchdown and the
team are happy the seeds are in the
ground and it's time for nature to take
his course I was just thinking inside
this thing I mean it's there's so much
more than just seeds it's it's the
future it's a potential to save life
because mangroves it's the living shield
they protect people from the ocean they
protect people from tsunami from
hurricanes and we have to do it now and
we have to do it at a massive scale
because from today to maybe six nine
months from now maybe one year from now
as maximum we will have a growing shield
already so if the cyclone hits next year
people here would be protected and when
you when you put it like that you know
all of a sudden something so small can
seem very significant indeed so I'm
actually gonna put that back in the
ground where we found it well good luck
little when I stick you right in there
the scientists test is finished but for
Wynn and his team is just the beginning
their monitor the seeds progress
carefully if all goes to plan many more
trees will be planted by drone here in
the near future helping to safeguard the
coast from extreme weather
you
