shoddy Salah was forced to flee because
of the war now he doesn't just fear
permanent exile in his own country but
losing his home in Duma to the Syrian
government is threatening to confiscate
the homes of anyone who don't provide
land ownership deeds that requires
returning to government control
territory for many that is not an option
all those issued by the Assad regime are
unjust and the regime wants to seize our
properties and houses hundreds of
thousands if not millions of Syrians
have been forced from their homes many
of them left after government forces
recaptured opposition territory they
fled because they are wanted for
opposition activities they could face
arrest and some fear they'll be killed
others simply don't want to live under
the rule of President Bashar al-assad
who they blame for the deaths of so many
Syrians Simon McGill knew property law
is the last card the regime is using
it's punishing the people who betrayed
him law number 10 as it is known was
published on the Syrian state news
agency's website the deadline for
registration is May the 10th an
unclaimed land will be sold at auction
the government says the law will
overhaul the land registry others
disagree
we've already seen an example of this on
the outskirts of Damascus and in the new
development on what was the pasadena
drazi where actually what happened there
is that the informal residents of these
areas were forced out of their homes
they were dispossessed with no
compensation and the likelihood of them
getting any kind of compensation is
almost non-existent so I think we will
see the same scenario play out over and
over again international aid agencies
say just 9% of Syrian refugees and
displaced have their property title
deeds with them that means millions
could be stuck in camps in Syria and
across the region this could put
pressure on refugee host nations already
European countries are voicing concern
the German Foreign Ministry said the
legislation could change property
ownership to the benefit of the Syrian
government and its supporters it also
accused the government of hindering the
return of a huge
number of Syrians Youssef Moussa sha'ban
is among them
he was an opposition media activist and
says returning to government control
territory would be suicide
viva la the slow is dangerous because it
changes that demography which the
government is doing in areas under its
control the law is unjust the government
says the new law is needed to begin the
reconstruction of areas damaged by war
opponents say it's about demographic
changes and repopulating areas with
assad loyalists one thing is clear the
government is taking advantage of its
growing strengths by beginning to shape
syria when the war ends then another al
jazeera Beirut
