we'll a new Prime Minister solve the
crisis in Armenia the election of a
replacement follows an outpouring of
anger by protesters the opposition is
promising change and an end to
corruption what's the expected fallout
in the former Republic of the Soviet
Union this is inside story
hello welcome to the program I'm Jane
Dutton after weeks of mass protests
arrests and resignation of the prime
minister armenia's on the brink of
ushering in a new leader or is it
opposition leader
Nicole passion young became the sole
candidate and after Monday's deadline
passed without any other candidates
registering the ruling Republican Party
refused to name a candidate after the
asking of their longtime leader prime
minister and former president Serge
segi Sein Republicans have dominated
Armenian politics since 1999 but it's
not guaranteed opposition leader passion
Yun will become Prime Minister
Parliament could seek to halt his bid
and he'll need votes from some
Republican Party deputies to win the
majority he needs opposition leader
Nicole passion Yan has been facing
questions about his vision of armenia's
future Armenia should eradicate the 30%
poverty that is the most shameful thing
there should be no poverty in Armenia
but that should be achieved not through
charity but through putting people's
best abilities to use I want to
underscore that this movement is about
the victory of the citizen our primary
mission is to organize free and fair
elections in Armenia the absence of
which since the 1990s is at the base of
the situation we're in now before we get
to our guests let's take a look at how
we got here it's a month since Nicole
passion announced his my step protest
against government corruption on April
the 13th weeks of protests began when
thousands of supporters joined him in
the capital Yerevan on April the 17th
surged soggy Sheehan was appointed prime
minister just eight days after ending
ten years in power as president of the
talks with segi Sheehan collapsed within
minutes passion young was detained on
April the 22nd he was released the
following day when Ferguson resigned as
prime minister declaring he was wrong
and protesters were against him on April
the 29th the ruling party refused to
choose a candidate to challenge the
opposition leader and that's where we
are now
let's get the thoughts of our guests now
in yerevan tavern pegasion president of
international center for human
development in london Lillet Givaudan
she's Russian Caucasus analyst and
Country Risk analyst at IHS market she's
also a former tache I mean in Ministry
of Foreign Affairs and in Yerevan as
well via Skype Maria tizian
editor-in-chief of evn report that's an
online news magazine I should imagine
for everybody it's a rather tense time
right now to heaven pegasion how
important is this vote how important is
this moment you know the moment when
according to Constitution in the context
was the law we can resolve the situation
by electing a prime minister and
bringing down all collected positive
energy that is coming within this one
mass with kind of a beginning of the
uniforms in our opinion beginning of the
new page in Armenian history where the
new generation really can stand and feel
that they are holders of the power and
their decision could be guided
using the laws and according to
Constitution by the elected
parliamentarians and into the right
direction that's why what today is very
important unfortunately always whenever
the Parliament in the world there is a
positive vote or there is a negative
world and depending on this there are
different ways of consent process that
we can face and I hope that finally by
seeing all the people on the street and
on the request that is coming from
public maybe there will be a chance to
really first time in our history
try to another prime minister who would
be enjoying the whole support from the
nation that everybody wants that right
now Maria tits Amman I mean how are you
viewing what
it's happening right now and the fact
that we've experienced delays throughout
the day what sort of obstacles are to
overcome well it really depends on as
tevonn said how the vote goes in
Parliament it's been an extraordinary
series of events that have led us to
this day
the people I think more than anything
what this movement has given is an
elevated sense of political and civic
awareness and participation and that the
people feel that through their power
they have been able to force some change
we don't know what will come in the days
and weeks to come I'm pretty certain
very difficult times to come but if
things go according to how the people on
the street want it to go then I think
that Armenia will have turned a page in
his 27 year history of independence this
is by far the most significant political
crisis and perhaps political rebirth
Renaissance of the people that we've
seen since 1991 if we are able to break
the deadlock at the moment and really
let's give all young what needs to
happen well I think to resolve the
current political crisis the room has to
be really an admission by the ruling
party that returning to the status quo
before the protests is unattainable and
unrealistic by not electing Nico
pacinian they're risking entering a
prolonged political crisis which may
resolve and fall with far worse
consequences so it lists for now I think
that election of Nicole pacinian is
important but having said that it is
really important also to support his
efforts to go for snap elections that
will truly reflect people's power and
people's intentions to have free
elections will resolve most of Armenians
problems it will be equally dangerous if
Nicole pacinian is elected but at the
same time he becomes a general without
an army whose steps to towards free
elections meet obstacles at every
possible direction that will increase
frustration amongst people and my
message again is that return to status
quo if not it is not sustainable anymore
it's good back to what you said about
the possible outcome if this is not
resolved amicably and he doesn't get his
way past Union he said there could be a
political tsunami if he wasn't back what
do you think he means by that what
exactly will happen then I'm not sure
exactly what will happen but monitoring
the statements from the movement leaders
that say that they will continue with
civil disobedience trying to surrender
surround and perhaps paralyze the
government bodies agencies ministries so
effectively continuing the same tactics
however this might be considered as
chaotic and potentially dangerous for
the functioning of the state and it
could be interpreted that way by the
authorities and eventually leads to
clashes to violence that the movement
that the peaceful movement had been
trying to avoid for so long and so
successfully and that would be quite bad
outcome for the entire country
tivon let's step back a little bit and
deal with the fact that the Republican
Party didn't put a candidate forward is
this an admission that they'd been
playing it badly did they feel that this
would push the peace process forward
what's the thinking there I think this
was a matter of one day some changes in
that decision because the moma
when they said that they are not going
with any candidate he's brought up some
kind of a good attitude or feeling with
the public preach something by all
peaceful means and that mean that there
is no need to use our lands and arms to
reach anything and even peacefully you
can read the train but the whole
discussions in the parliament today I
think going not in a nice direction and
this is the problem where I think the
union use the body saying that it's not
going in a nice direction what exactly
doesn't mean but when I'm hearing the
whole speeches are not questions I
understand that results as of this
moment would be not electing prescient
and this would really put the point
where people start to think that fired
all this is book profits even and or
another way yeah all right Maria what do
you think is going on there if he is not
getting the support if the Republicans
hadn't put forward a candidate what sort
of game is being played at the moment
and and who's trying to appease who here
we're just a couple of observations
today during the question answer period
and now when they are giving delivering
their speeches it is clear that the
Republican Party is grasping at straws
at this point I think that they didn't
do it in a sign of goodwill but let me
explain very quickly for for the viewers
if today Parliament does not elect
Nagappa chignon as interim prime
minister then according to the
Constitution within seven days they have
to do yet another attempt at election if
that fails they go immediately to snap
elections which would have to take place
no less than thirty or no more than 45
days after that event by doing the
the Republicans continued to maintain
their positions within key ministries
that will oversee the elections which
would mean that they would still be able
to use their administrative resources
coercion so this is this has been an
Eagles passion Yuans strategy to become
interim Prime Minister make amendments
to the electoral code then call
elections that would give a time for
Parliament to make those necessary
necessary amendments however there's
also you know soft spot in that because
the Republican Party continues to hold
absolute majority in parliament so they
could basically Stonewall any
legislative amendment that passion yon
will put forth even if all the other
parliamentary factions back him up so at
this point it's very difficult to say I
mean the fact that they didn't table a
candidate now it seems to appear to have
been very strategic on their part so
that that when the country does go into
snap elections they continue to control
those very important agencies ministries
from the Central Electoral Commission to
the local electoral bodies so this is
the the I think the position we're at
right now
all right so possibly putting in him in
a more difficult position than he is at
the moment if he is to take the power
and live it up I'm just wondering if
this is what was behind Sarkissian
holding on to power in the first place
knowing that he's got so much support
within Parliament so many layers of
alleged corruption linked to him and
then the the governing party is this
what's happening now so is everybody
looking after themselves here now I
think it's not about one person there a
number of leaders when it comes to this
oligarchic system which is a very
convenient marriage of economic and
political power and there was no doubt
and there still no doubt amongst the
protesters that a resignation of Prime
Minister
surely it's an important step but it's
just one battle and and the struggle
against the oligarchy
is not over about any means and they
will be very very stiff resistance the
question is whether the the ruling elite
really comprehends the seriousness of
the situation I hear that there are lots
of conspiracy theories flying around
which is not really helpful because that
is pushing aside the key question why
did this happen why did people come out
led by a leader that many initially said
we don't even trust him but we want to
show our our protest our disagreement
with the system that has been benefiting
only a few alright so that's that's
what's happening is the few des is
resisting and they have a lot to lose so
I I would imagine that they will resist
and I'm very powerful clearly let's get
some quick background now Armenia
declared independence from the former
Soviet Union in 1991 it's surrounded by
Turkey Georgia Azerbaijan and Iran has a
population of about 3 million barely
more than the population of the US city
of Chicago most Armenians work in the
service industry one in three work on
farms or in other agriculture the entire
economy is worth around twenty seven
billion dollars I should imagine the
thousands on the street the fact that so
many people aren't going back to work
Marija must only exacerbate the problem
this was a tipping point thirty percent
of Armenia's population lives in poverty
two of our four borders are blocked we
have very few natural resources the
country has been struggling that the
people have been struggling with high
unemployment the the the monopolization
of the political and economic landscape
of the country the the regions the rural
regions are suffering terribly and I
think people at this point
have said enough and I think the dynamic
that we haven't talked about yet in this
particular movement has been and
continues to be the students the
University High School students and the
youth who have come out in in
unbelievable numbers we have never seen
such youth engagement before so I think
right now people aren't really concerned
about that they're more concerned about
making sure that this process that began
with you know with Nikolas Union
deciding to do a two-week walk from the
northern part of the country to Yerevan
to protest the third consecutive term of
sarkeesian III I think people are
adamant and every single day we wake up
and we say you know the numbers aren't
going to be there and every single day
the people have surprised us beyond
measure today before 11 o'clock in the
morning when the Eagle passion yawn had
called for people to come to the Swift's
where tens of thousands had been
streaming in it's just an extraordinary
sight and an extraordinary moment and
people I think will now will not back
down easily not back down
so tens of thousands streaming onto the
streets tavon I'm sure what the new
government the new leadership doesn't
want is to see tens of thousands leaving
the country armenia suffers from a
radical brain drain this would be really
important now to ensuring some sort of
stability in order for it to get back on
its feet is to keep the youth there like
we have this race of arrays the
unification arrays of understanding that
the new generation is ready to take care
of its own country and actually using
all this positive energy on the way that
we are able to change something by the
all our voices and feeling that our
actions are really which to the proper
and positive change that they were
running expecting could really lead to
the situation when a lot of people who
emigrated because of scarcity of work
is that you financial means to scarcity
of justice and I could really feel to
come and start to you page in their life
back in Armenia and try to feel that
prosperity in Armenia okay this is
important message that we need to
preserve and actually whatever is going
on now in the Parliament in my view it's
not the vote for the person but vote for
this hope are we going to really prove
that we're able to overcome
personalities and look to the future for
the whole country make it stronger or we
are still discussing technicalities or
personalities issues okay and bring in
let's just excuse me what about dealing
with Russia I mean this hasn't really
been spoken about much hazard Lillet and
I should imagine that Russia is very
interested in what's happening in
Armenia considering how many firstly
Armenians are living in the country they
don't want to see any sort of
instability and he sort of breakaway
thoughts being reignited yes it's been a
delicate issue as well for the movement
but to understand the movement reaction
or position towards the external actors
it's probably worth to mention but this
is a peaceful movement of civil
disobedience which appears to be
following a very closely to sort of
textbook guidelines what to do and what
not to do
when it comes to this you see it sort of
the symbolics the messaging the is a
sort of very narrow focus on the next
step the decentralized nature of it and
one element of this sort of textbook
approach to this sort of movement is to
leave foreign policy aside to live
external institutions state aside and I
think that's why it has been also quite
successful in the sense that it has
cleverly avoided any labels such as
color revolution
or anything that is pro-western or
anti-russian so fought and amazingly
when the Prime Minister resigned both
the west and Russia has sort of cheered
for the peaceful transition of power or
the beginning of it however what I'm
also noticing is called a significant
nervousness coming from at least from
Russian media where the message is not
very clear so whilst they and they
abstained from any criticism in the
beginning when it was the process of
Saracens downfall however immediately
after that they you could see that there
was an attempt to inject color into this
revolution and ironically from the
Russian media okay
sorry Armenia can I bring Maria in here
I mean I should imagine that this is an
important time for Russia considering
who might come into power next after the
snap elections is if that's where we end
up considering that ties that the two
countries have I mean I know Armenia
doesn't have much wiggle room
considering it's surrounded by enemies
and it's landlocked this is true and
this movement has been very careful
about making statements in terms of
Armenia's foreign policy or external
power you know geopolitical
considerations he has now in the past
week very you know forcefully and and
many times has said that he does not
believe that Armenia should leave the
Eurasian Economic Union that Russia is a
strategic partner of Armenia and that he
continues he believes he will continue
to progress with that kind of foreign
policy that has been in place because
Armenia really does not have many
choices in this regard whether it's in
terms of economic military strategic
relations with Russia it is very
important he's also been very clear
likely to mentions to say this is not a
you know anti-russian through Western
movement although many people in the
ruling Republican Party are trying to
point it as
so he's been very careful in his
messaging especially when it comes to
those kinds of agreements that Armenia
has already obligations that Armenia
already has with Russia and you know and
in in comparison with electric Yerevan a
few years ago when the Russian media and
the government was trying to position
this as am I done
they have been relatively tame I haven't
been able to follow the last couple of
days the Russian media but in general
they have said that this is a domestic
issue and and for my part just from my
observations as a reporter being on the
ground you know from from the beginning
of this movement it really is a
bottom-up grassroots organic kind of
movement and something that I think is
is very very important for the future
development of the country and very
briefly tip on how important is it for
this movement that is it stays that way
that foreign policy is kept out of it
that it doesn't become a tussle between
say Russia and the West even though it
doesn't seem to be much interest in the
race does it I think one of the image of
the country is continuation of all the
responsibilities information that they
had and nothing is possible to change in
a one-day and perfectly is mentioned
that there's no do political any context
in this movement and that's why he's
been very clear in his messaging that
I'm not going to change anything
everything will remain in its way
Armenia would continue with all its
obligations and issues now is just about
to be preparing for the election okay
I'm afraid we've run out of time to burn
a Gaussian thank you very much lilies
give Aldean and maria Citian great to
talk to you and thank you for watching
you can see the program again any time
by visiting our website al-jazeera calm
for further discussion go to our
Facebook page that's facebook.com
forward slash AJ inside store you can
also join the conversation on twitter
our handle is at AJ inside story from me
Jane dutton and the team here thanks for
what
- ah
