Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu may have unveiled secret files
and computer discs describing them as
conclusive proof that Iran's nuclear
program did exist this was an
innocent-looking compound it looks like
a dilapidated warehouse he may have
shown a building in Iran where he says
Israeli intelligence agencies had found
their evidence but in Vienna or former
director of analysis for the
International Atomic Energy Agency isn't
impressed you know whose speech is the
dates are all missing everything he
presented it appears to be related to
developing nuclear weapons was long ago
and is well known there is nothing that
he presented about the former weapons
program that was news but Netanyahu says
the Iranian program didn't end in 2003
it continued in secret the Iran deal the
nuclear deal is based on lies it's based
on Iranian lies an Iranian deception a
hundred thousand files right here prove
that they lied at the White House Donald
Trump liked what he saw and heard I
think of anything what's happening today
and what's happened over the last little
while and what we've learned has really
shown that I've been 100% right iran's
Foreign Minister dismissed the
allegations saying in this tweet
breaking the boy who can't stop crying
wolf is at it again undeterred by
cartoon Fiasco at anger the UN General
Assembly you can only fool some of the
people's so many times whatever the
words action could come soon Trump will
announce his decision on the Iran deal
whether 12th of this month in a
statement the IAEA refers to a 2015
report that found some activities two
years earlier relevant to the
development of a nuclear device but
nothing after 2009 Britain and France
have said the development from Israel
does not change their view in support of
the deal and other signatories remain
steadfastly against the way the u.s.
appears to be leaning Andrew Simmons al
Jazeera
