welcome to the stream live on al-jazeera
and YouTube I'm Sonia okay how old were
you when you cast your first election
vote 18 19 maybe even your early 20s
well in Lebanon most people under the
age of 30 and never had the chance to
vote for who they want in Parliament now
many young Lebanese voters are relishing
the chance to cast their ballots in the
country's first legislative elections
since 2009 and with many new parties and
independents entering the race they have
a wide choice
I'm Malik Avilan today we're speak to
Lebanese candidates who are aiming to
shake things up after nearly a decade of
political stasis more than 900
candidates are running for seats in
Lebanon's general election this Sunday
and many are hopeful that a revised
election law will benefit them Lebanon's
last parliamentary election was held in
June 2009 and since then the current
Parliament has extended its term three
times citing security concerns amid the
war in neighboring Syria as well as
disputes between parties before the new
electoral law was agreed while Prime
Minister sat Hurley's future movement
and the Shia Hezbollah party are
expected to do well many new groups are
aiming to make their mark - including
subber 7 they have joined forces with
other civil society groups and
independence the former 66 member
coalition known as calluna owatta nee we
are the nation the coalition members say
they are a real alternative to establish
parties who are stuck in their ways
Lebanese voters living outside the
country have already had a chance to
cast their ballots first under the new
electoral law these voters in Rio and
turned out on Friday about 83,000
lebanese expatriates registered to cast
their ballots in places as far afield as
the United States France and Australia
joining us today to discuss how new
parties and candidates are aiming to win
support we have Victoria Alka reserve
Ain she is co-founder of the sabar party
and a parliamentary candidate in the
Mattoon district she joins us from the
Lebanese cap
Oh baby also from violets we have Nadine
Musa she's a lawyer who is also running
as a parliamentary candidate within the
National Coalition group this year in
2014 she became the first woman to run
for the Lebanese presidency nyla jaha is
a lawyer and member of Liberty that's a
civil society movement within the
National Coalition she's also in Beirut
and also from Beirut we have her be a
butter an investigative journalist and a
filmmaker he's founder and
editor-in-chief of the Beirut report
that's an online news site welcome
everybody
I have to say that Habib is very close
to you he's in Lebanon but we have a
very long delay because he's in a studio
so excuse the satellite delay it will be
an exercise in patience and beam it's
good to have you here can you describe
what it must be like for country to have
their first elections after nine years
what is the atmosphere like how are
people reacting and treating this
upcoming election well people are
actually very excited it's it's yeah
happy I think we're talking over each
other but I'll just continue you know I
mean it's it's a very competitive
environment for the first time we're
seeing almost a thousand candidates
we're seeing over a hundred women
candidates people are really feeling
that there is a possibility of change in
the air but I think they're also
realistic you know we can't expect too
much but I think what's also interesting
that's happening is that the the
election campaigning is very different
than in past years so we're seeing kind
of different political culture emerging
in Lebanon different political practices
so it's also about I think the race
itself not necessarily the the outcome
so I mean I think that we're seeing a
lot of issues being raised for the first
time people are really questioning the
leadership and what they've done for the
past 10 years the fact that they have
canceled the elections the fact that
that we're sitting in a almost a toxic
waste in here in Lebanon today as a
result of some of their failures so
there is some accountability there are
some questions that are happening right
now
and I think it's the first time that
most who are actually excited about
Lebanese elections that are outside of
the political establishment Victoria
you're campaigning right now how are you
campaigning different
that you might not have done has there
been a succession of elections one after
nor after another
in fact I'm campaigning like against
power and against million of dollars
well while I come from a civil society
background and then this is what would
define my campaign it's it's a natural
one counting on people counting on
canvassing everyday going from a region
to another spending time on the streets
talking to people to people in their
stores in their garage in their again
going to knock door do door to door to
to canvass to talk to them and even
doing activities special activities and
different from the standard ones like
participating and rally papers or doing
the training over a fire camp and even
for the billboards like I didn't pay for
any billboard I don't have any billboard
I launched a campaign on Facebook saying
that on the neighbors balconies and then
I had my friends my family my neighbors
calling me to put my photos on their
balconies without because I can't afford
billboards especially that they are they
are like everywhere you should see the
streets to understand talking about well
it's that face-to-face contact that
you're having that I think is really
making an impact on people at least
that's what people online are telling us
and nylons know that you've been doing
some of the same going door-to-door
talking to people on the street I wanted
you to take a look at this tweet from
Samir he says if you're Lebanese and age
thirty chances are you've never
participated in parliamentary elections
the current government extended its
mandate three times since 2009 without a
referendum since 2009 several crises
have emerged in Lebanon garbage crisis
refugee crisis regional conflict human
rights violations
the youth expect a rational response to
these issues and yet the situation keeps
getting worse so nyla you could see this
as as the youth seeing this as their
chance excitement that they get to
change the
or are they looking at it as same old as
usual what are people telling you when
we can we can really see the excitement
really on the streets and while working
with the volunteers with all the youth
who will be as you said they will have
the first chance to vote we have more
than 600 600 thousand Lebanese young
ladies and and men who's gonna vote for
the first time and as the treats were
saying I mean we went through a very
extremely critical phase over the past
nine years but it wasn't only about
crisis well of course the current
political parties are they they really
showed that their performance is
extremely weak but on another note and I
tend to be positive we managed and we
succeeded to accumulate many
achievements on the social level from
social movements from a very different
campaigning we managed in 2016 to be a
very major actor in the municipal
elections and then also be managed on
the Union level so it's not it wasn't
only about crisis's but I would say that
we are succeeding in building a very
serious solid sustainable reformist
platform and hopefully the results are
going to be extremely positive and the
parliamentary election and the major
achievement that he managed to do is to
group everyone on the same table and to
have a national coalition in nine
districts in Lebanon which is extremely
extremely challenging but we managed to
do it and I think this is one of the
major achievement and it's going to be a
push and it's going to really motivate
and mobilize people to vote for
alternative new political parties so one
of the aspects of this upcoming election
is the impact that young people may
actually have on this election the
United Nations Development Program
talked to young people in Lebanon about
what they wanted what are their demands
have a look at this video I will read
through some of them young people's
demands I just I just want to say in my
country young people want to work
with a good salary more powerful civil
society and respect for minorities in
Lebanon they can't continue their master
degree because it requires a lot of
money then how can young people achieve
their ambitions security in Lebanon to
create jobs to improve security and
economy
we do have competencies but if you don't
have connections then you have enough
ain't long alright Nadine so many that's
a big wish list for what young people
want I suspect that's what most people
in Lebanon want the the key issue for
you in his upcoming election is what the
key issue is for those young people to
know and realize that this is not an
election like any other election and may
6 is not an ordinary day it can be a
historic day and they have to be part of
this historic day it can be a historic
day because for the first time in our
margin history many young people are
voting like you mentioned and for the
first time we have an introduction of
the proportional system that will allow
dependent candidates out of the
traditional political establishments
that are mainly political dinosaurs have
a chance to really represent the young
the women all the marginalized citizens
who have been neglected for decades and
their conditions of living and their
basic rights and services so we have an
opportunity I want to specially address
this to the young people they have an
opportunity today on May 6 to really be
represented in the next parliament which
is a major major step forward
so you mentioned political dinosaurs
there there are some
yes is running a parliamentary candidate
who would probably agree with you at
least on that point have a listen to
Lucien who whose and does this comment
I'm a writer and a director and I'm also
an activist and running for the
parliamentary elections happening this
Sunday in Lebanon mostly running because
we as citizens of Lebanon most of us
have lost any kind of confidence or
trust and people who are supposed to be
representing us in Parliament especially
after they self extended three times for
themselves and also given trust to
government's who have failed to provide
basic very basic services for the
Lebanese people so happy you heard his
issues there and as we've heard there is
a new system in place that could change
some of the things he sees as problems
this is Christian on Twitter who says
with this new system you have the chance
to vote for a representative who doesn't
need to satisfy one of the blocks to
gain political influence some of the
voters might think that it's more
difficult to vote when you have more
options and some of them think it's a
great thing so happy what effect do you
think that this new electoral law will
actually have in practice well it's it's
a new law and in some ways it's a very
complicated law I'm not sure that
everybody understands it but the good
thing about it is that it allows more
than just one winner
you know the winner-takes-all system
that we've seen a lot of even Western
democracies here you know the first and
second place get to get both some seats
they get to split seats and so this
opens the opportunity for more groups to
possibly you know slip into power even
if they don't get the majority of votes
so it's an interesting development there
could be some surprises so that's that's
new right having surprises and Lebanese
politics is unusual because usually the
political bosses and the establishment
parties they really control everything
and they've also of course you know
they've gerrymandered the districts in a
way that suits them so obviously there's
still that so it's not an ideal
situation but it is it is a bit of a
change it is opening some opportunity
and giving people some hope I think it's
very important to have a little bit of
hope I'm in Lebanon
la people have lost hope and they're
very apathetic about elections they
believe nothing will ever change in the
country but I think change is really
inevitable and it happens in any
environment and we are living in change
today just by virtue of the fact that
how Nayla said that you know they've
organized this national list before
independence weren't able to organize
very well and so there's a whole machine
of organizing and gain people together
that that's very new and that's the kind
of work that needs to be done so in some
ways I think we're seeing a laying of
the foundation for change in the future
even if it might not happen right away I
just thought to say one thing Habib I
totally agree with you that for these
elections it will be based on hope while
for the previous elections it was always
based on fear or on hating the other
group or the other party it was like a
result of the war that we lived and now
these elections is 100% based on our
hope of building a new Babylon because
when we talk about 66 candidates this is
more than half of the parliament which
means that we are really presenting a
new way of doing politics because we
just need it we just need to see that
politics can be done in a different way
because the old way just didn't work so
nyla I want you to help us unpack this
electro row because you are a lawyer so
you can you can be my wing woman so I
want to take a look at the electoral law
it was passed last year then if I say
anything wrong you can just correct me
live on air I'm very humble with this
one so for nearly 30 years the seats in
Lebanon's parliament have been allotted
5050 between Muslim and Christian sects
did I get that right nila yes all right
for that division yes yes sir that
division state in place underneath with
revised law so this is what is new this
has never happened before what is new is
that voters in 15 districts must select
a list of Ally candidates plus they're
favored individual candidate in a
proportional system and that replaces
the previous winner takes all raw what
do you think I mean it's hard
no before we actually have the election
but do you think that's gonna make a
significant difference
Nayla well of course it well first the
first I think the first difference was
introducing the idea of campaigning
based on a program and not based on one
person or one leader because in the
majority in an electoral system
the idea was okay you have the leader of
this party of or this confession and
then whatever program they have it
doesn't really matter what is extremely
interesting and the proportional law and
this is what we've been fighting for for
the past like 4050 years is that based
on this list and based on this
proportional system and the fact that we
have a group of people who are
candidates in one list this means that
the fight is between programs and not
between persons and this is why people
are having more confidence in our lists
because we are putting a program on the
table we are putting a discourse on the
table whereas the other political
traditional parties unfortunately they
are still stuck and you know that this
threatening messaging and fighting each
other on personal basis and just
condemning each others without putting
something substantial and that would
speak to the people's needs and to the
people's demands and to their people's
general interest so I think this is the
fridge first achievement that we already
did during the campaigning and I'm I'm
certainly and positively sure that the
results even if we're not gonna win the
60 succeeds I mean the fact that we are
running together the fact that we're
gonna have substantial results that will
be our credit to build on after the
election in order to have a sustainable
reformist platform we not were working
on anything to get in there because
clearly we have some pots on what you're
saying true I would like to change a
little bit in what I've been hearing
from Habib
mainly all the political analysts that
tend to consider that we have no chance
to win this is not correct and I don't
agree with it I think we do have big
chances to end because they always have
been a tendency to consider that the
elite the political elite the
establishment elite has been elected by
all the Lebanese people this is not true
the maximum the maximum score they do
not represent all the Lebanese people
they represent to the maximum half of
the Lebanese people so you have half of
the the other half of Lebanese people
who do not feel represented at all by
this political establishment and they
have to know and understand and realize
that they can make the whole difference
to make a difference and be part of the
change
they are aspiring for and change this
political Jurassic Park we're living in
into a real democratic country that we
dream of and up to our ambitions what's
very important is for the other half the
new voters to understand that and not to
listen to the established or Gnostics
that we're not gonna win maybe we'll win
one maybe would win 7 maybe we'll have
few wins
I do not agree at all with such a
statement Nadine I hear you're there now
and I see how many once I see happy but
also want to jump in but I want to bring
in our community because there's one
point here that we haven't talked about
but it's obvious if you're watching the
show and not just listening and that is
the number of female candidates that are
part of this this year's poll so this is
Doha Metheny she says Lebanon currently
has a record number of women running
which is absolutely thrilling our
country continually elects the same old
men into Parliament and it'll be great
to get representation for women
especially considering how long it took
to repeal a marital rape loophole
loophole that that's a separate issue
there but someone else
here has a little bit of caution Lena
says after rejection of a 30% quota for
women candidates women had to fight
harder to submit their candidacy and
hopefully some will win seats echoing
you there Nadine but she says women's
presence doesn't necessarily mean power
for women and that women and politics
will support women's interests Victoria
do you want to pick up there yeah sure
you know the problem and the list that
we have now is that the political
parties the traditional political
parties did not nominate women from
within the parties they only get I would
say help from independent women to make
sure that they have women on the list
but it doesn't mean that they are giving
them the preferential vote while in our
list in Kelowna what analysts we were
aiming to have 50% of the of the
candidates women it we only got 30%
which is good already but it's not
because we wanted to have just the 30%
quota this is what we were able to do in
a short period but the women on Kelowna
what analysts all of them are not there
just to have women on the list they are
there because they deserve it and if
they get to the Parliament they will be
talking about women issues national
issues because we do believe that any
issue is related to women in the same
time it's the long fight we know that
but a lot of chances are there for women
to vote and I think that women voters
will show that in the ballots in few
days I want to go back to her babe
Nadine IKEA come straight back down we
want to go back to happy because we do
have that longer delay with him via his
Twitter page here her be adding some
color to this conversation a new
independent parties inspire change
Lebanon's political establishment
reminds us why changes needed supporters
of Prime Minister Saad Hariri seen here
painting a camel in his party colors if
these parties cannot respect animals can
they respect humans I want you to look
at some of these
pictures here and here and here and like
Nadine was saying that you don't reckon
that the interplant indepent parties are
going to do that well but this change is
needed your response is what - Nadine my
response is Nadine well I think that you
know I I don't I don't disagree that
there's an opportunity for a change I
think we are living in change right now
I think the independents are having a
big influence on this election because
of the issues they're raising the way
they're campaigning for example we're
seeing independence at a trash dump
with masks on campaigning whereas we're
seeing how did he for example the
political elite you know throwing big
parties lavish parties giving away free
gifts just a lot of you know actually
abusing the public spaces abusing
animals even you know just kind of
taking over the spaces putting their
posters everywhere and so there's a real
interesting contrast that's being drawn
between the traditional campaigning and
the new campaigning which focuses on
issues and not just plastering your face
everywhere or tell people they have to
vote for you out of fear so I am I am
optimistic I think in the long run but I
think we have to be realistic as well we
can't underestimate the power of the
political parties they will win by and
large most of the seats we all know that
and why is that though is it because
people are backwards no I think we have
to consider the context of Lebanon we're
coming out of a war in Lebanon it's not
the war leaders are still leading the
country to the war and sometimes it's
still on in the country so we're still
in a kind of a warlike environment we're
in a crisis environment there's a lot of
opportunity to exploit people and so
let's be realistic at least and say that
you know we are building a platform we
are changing the discourse
I've even having platforms is it a
change in Lebanon the candidates are
also these are lady Victoria Mina where
at the end of the show I know I keep you
for next three hours and we'd still be
discussing the election all right
may the sixth you will follow it on
al-jazeera English I'm sure thank you so
much guests for being with us today
conversation continues online as always
hashtag aj stream so be sure to be with
us
for our next episode of the stream we
will be looking at well Press Freedom
Day we will examine the challenges that
journalists face of societies across the
world are ever more divided so be sure
to keep your comments coming on Twitter
and YouTube thanks for watching see you
and I
you
