moong Heung whay headed an organization
whose job included looking for wanted
people 13 days after he vanished China's
government has now confirmed he's here
it broke its silence on the case a few
minutes after midnight on Sunday a terse
statement appearing on the website of
the country's anti-corruption watchdog
confirming mung was under investigation
the next time he appears will almost
certainly be in court which is also
where we last saw the man who'd once
been mungs boss Zhang Kang Joo had been
in charge of China's vast security
network he was jailed for life for
corruption three years ago his demise
like mungs is probably connected to the
anti-corruption campaign begun by
President Xi Jingping more than five
years ago
that's culminated in the punishment and
jailing of hundreds of thousands of low
and high ranking officials mungs
downfall may be a sign of a power
struggle says one analyst we don't know
exactly what's going on but things like
this don't happen in the absence of
stress and clearly right now China
blackening its reputation across the
world this has got to be extraordinary
infighting his wife Grace remains in
Leone under police protection she didn't
want to show her face when she had a
statement to journalists just shortly
before her husband resigned from
Interpol the last message she received
from her husband was an emoji of a knife
although I can't see my husband we are
always connected by hearts here support
me doing this the matter belongs to the
fairness and justice the matter belongs
to the international community the
matter belongs to the people of my
motherland she has no plans to return to
China and will likely seek asylum in
France mungs resignation as the first
Chinese head of Interpol is a reflection
of the seriousness of the case now being
made against him it's being handled by
the national supervision office which
investigates public officials acute
of corruption and given the justice
system in China is controlled by the
Communist Party there will likely be
just one outcome to this long process
Adrian Brown al-jazeera Beijing
