more than 600 surviving members of the
Palestine Liberation Organization main
representative body arrived for its
first full meeting in 22 years an
attempt to revitalize an aging
organization according to some to
democratize it but with the Palestinian
President Mahmoud Abbas handpicking new
members how democratic could it really
be it's a step in the direction of again
the village it amazing revitalizing our
institutions I really think we should
strengthen the PLO not weaken it I
believe we should take decisions
pertaining to the interim phase that
we're in pertaining to the challenges
were facing including the so-called
Trump deal this opening session was
dominated by the Palestinian presidents
freewheeling near to our speech heavy on
history light on policy the emphasis was
on the vital importance of the pl o--'s
role in the face of Israeli aggression
and in advance of the publication of
Donald Trump's peace plan if this
council is harmed then the Palestinian
dream is seriously harmed therefore we
were very determined to create this
session and we were hoping that
everybody who wanted the future of
Palestine and the Palestinian people we
wish them to be here but they
unfortunately prefer to be abroad but
this meeting is as much about processers
policy putting the right people in place
transferring powers from this National
Council to a smaller body more closely
aligned with Abbas the important thing
is that a delegation of authority from
the National Council to Central Council
so if anything happens to Abu Mazen if
he wants to quit if something happens
there is this central council who can
actually act as the leader of the PLO
and can elect a new president one
challenge to such legitimacy the
continued split with Hamas in Gaza in
the midst of the bloody protests of
recent weeks
Abbas recommended children be kept away
from the Gaza border and Israeli sniper
fire the other beginning of month what
about his speech was a declaration that
there could be no Palestinian state
without Gaza being part of it but
efforts to reconcile his Fatah facts
with Hamas which controls Gaza have
faltered so badly that to call them
efforts really does stretch a point at
this stage and there is no Hamas
representation here at this meeting from
Gaza Hamas as leader delivered a
pre-emptive denunciation of the PNC
meeting mosque confirms that any council
that doesn't carry the unification idea
of the Palestinian ranks is a council
that never expresses the whole of the
Palestinians it is a council that hits
the unity of our people and hits the
organization as legitimacy as
representation over all Palestinians the
real work of this meeting begins now as
Mahmoud Abbas tries to solidify his
power and ensure continued backing for
his policies
Harry Fawcett al Jazeera Ramallah
