no sign of tension instead warm
handshakes for the first sub-saharan
African leader to visit the Trump White
House the president of Nigeria made no
mention of comments attributed to Donald
Trump several months ago when he
questioned letting Nigerians visit
America it's claimed that President
Donald Trump made derogatory comments
about several countries during a
discussion on immigration in the White
House several months ago and when
talking about Nigeria in particular it
was claimed that he said why would they
ever alone IG Rian's into the u.s.
because they wouldn't want to go back to
their quote mud huts though the White
House has pushed back against that
saying that conversation never happened
but we do know that the US ambassador to
Buju was called in for consultations
with Nigerian government officials their
talks covered trade security and the
battle against corruption
the US has recently saw military
helicopters to Nigeria it has military
trainers in the country and is
supporting the push against Boko Haram
fighters the White House is also wary of
the increasing economic presence of
China across Africa Donald Trump hopes
Africa and Nigeria will turn to the US
as a trading partner I think maybe more
than anything else what we discussed
today was our agricultural products
going into Nigeria which Nigeria wants
but we have certain barriers that don't
allow that to happen so for the good of
our farmers US farmers and for the good
of Nigeria and all of Africa it's very
important that we are able to sell our
great agricultural product products
the Nigerian President thanked the u.s.
for its military support and pleased the
resurgence in the US economy and asked
for their help in recovering funds
siphoned out of Nigerian government
accounts our two governments have put
the machinery in place for their
respective Attorney General's to
collaborate in ensuring the return to
Nigeria of over 500 million United say
dollars of looted funds the two
presidents walked out of the Rose Garden
and back to the White House apparently
the warmth of the Sun also warming
relations between the two men Alan
Fisher al Jazeera at the White House
