hi I'm for me okay you're in the stream
today
it wasn't uprising that started with a
controversial change Nicaragua's pension
plan but do recent protests mark the end
for President Daniel Ortega and the
Sandinistas we are live right now on
YouTube I'm really cupola social media
has been a light with Nicaraguans in the
country and diaspora weighing in on what
they see as the best way forward there
is lots to discuss today and if you're
following the protests we want to hear
from you Nicaraguan President Daniel
Ortega a one-time revolutionary hero has
been in power since 2006 and he spent
the past decade consolidating his power
across all branches of government the
proposed changes to Social Security
programs may have just been the tipping
point for thousands who are demanding
that he steps down now we've been
following the story very closely his
Mallika with a look back at how things
developed
thousands of Nicaraguan sing their
national anthem during protests against
the President Daniel Ortega a 72 year
old former leftist guerilla leader and
across the country and from the Diaspora
1.4 million have called - SOS Nicaragua
confidencial an independent multimedia
publication in Nicaragua has covered the
growing unrest in a series of viral
cartoons are takers unpopular moved to
reform nicaragua's Institute of Social
Security system is cited as the initial
trigger for the protests the changes
would have required workers to pay more
and retirees to receive less Ortega
scrapped the changes after Nicaraguans
took to the streets but hundreds were
injured and dozens died in the violent
protests marked by allegations that
police used live ammunition may student
protesters were detained and released
after days of ongoing protests they
emerged from prison with shaved heads as
some accused the police of torturing
them during their captivity protesters
are now calling on Ortega to resign and
his wife Rosario Mario to step down as a
vice president her support of a
multi-million dollar art project to
beautify the capital with metal trees is
just one of the reasons Nicaraguans feel
the government has lost touch with its
revolutionary ideals now at least 43
people are reported dead in the
anti-government demonstrations one of
the Dead was on hell Dona
the Committee to Protect Journalists is
calling on Nicaraguan authorities to
conduct an investigation into the death
of this journalist and last week the
Roman Catholic Church agreed to mediate
between Nicaragua's civil society and
President Ortega this is the moment when
the people have to take control no one
owns Nicaragua it is up to the
Nicaraguan people to decide their story
in their future people power in
Nicaragua is not new poet and essayist
Soraya tweets Ortega is using the same
intimidation tactics of 30-plus years
ago to silence a country what he didn't
take into account was the fact that half
the country fought through this already
and the other half grew up on our
parents stories of rising up well it's a
tense calm in Nicaragua as protesters
stand their ground on Monday thousands
marched in support of Ortega in the
country's capital Managua where the
president spoke we will repeat no to
death no to destruction no to violence
no to savagery yes to life yes to
dialogue yes to work yes to peace
well today we'll take a look at what
lies ahead for the country and we want
to hear from you for me thank you some
alica so joining us we have Matteo HUD
Keane he is a Nicaraguan historian and
PhD candidate at Harvard University Juan
Carlos is a student protester from the
Polytechnic University of Nicaragua he's
asked us to keep his identity hidden for
safety concerns which is why you cannot
see his face right now and a fail is the
vice president for programs at the
Washington office on Latin America that
is a research advocacy and organization
for human rights in the Americas hello
gentlemen and welcome good to have you
here
Juan Carlos you've been protesting what
is it like today what's the answer you
can you can definitely feel the tension
on the streets it's right now is
everyone's guest we're waiting for this
call a so-called dialogue to take place
by mid-may but it's um it's and
yesterday a lot of people are fearful
for their lives a lot of medical
students after she received threats so
they have they had to leave them an hour
somewhere else place somewhere safe so
it's we can't sleep we can't sleep we
can't eat peacefully we're just and
we're just it's just been it's just been
crazy the last couple of weeks what's
the risk that you're taking by going out
into the streets by saying that you
won't change what's that personal risk
that you're taking Ron Carlos like I
can't I can assure you that I can they
can send you messages we are able tap or
whatever interest to silence my boys
just to death threats and I might not
I'm a medical student and and we might
not be required of them
we're linked were linked by the public
against I'm sorry and the government has
threatened us faster and the medical has
threatened
journalist and even teachers so I have a
lot of a lot of friends that have as I
said have been have traveled outside
Managua just to take refugee Mateo and
after one word I've heard described that
this about this movement the protest
movement it's spontaneous yeah
do you concur with that Jeff and limite
yeah so that's one of the really
striking things about this right
President Ortega won the last elections
the elections were not fairly run or
managed but he did win them he probably
would have won them at the time if they
were fairly managed and as suddenly
we've seen this kind of spontaneous
reaction that started with the social
security and blew up broadly into a huge
movement that's calling for a
fundamental change of government that's
a really big and important deal and
quickly to quantico this point I mean
forty to sixty people died last week in
these protests so he and protesters like
him are taking a huge and very
courageous risk
Matea yeah well say that spontaneous is
the right word but we should note that
while this moment of uprising and sadly
a outrageous government repression was
surprising in the sense that nobody
could have predicted it happening at
this moment in time in April 2018 this
was also inevitable given the insidious
closing off over the past ten years of
all political avenues and spaces for
people to vent their frustrations to
hold their leaders accountable and to
demand a change and now what we see
that's different now and what Juan
Carlos showed is that where there has
lost control of the streets and the
people have lost their fear I'm just
wondering one call us if you can tell us
more about the students involved in the
protests who are they
medical students every it's not just
medical students is everyone everyone is
it's donating if everyone you know we
have doctors ten dentists students we
have lawyers we have it is everyone this
is not only you know the students are on
the streets fighting is
one is the people because to me one of
the things that striking is the pension
issue first hit retirees and workers its
students who first came out and I think
if you look at the March you saw this
past Monday where there are reportedly
and you know Juan Carlos you can fill in
125,000 people in the street it's a very
broad movement and I think Mateos ready
is a movement that isn't just responding
to this week or last week but two years
in which political space is closed so
picking up on that I wanted to share two
tweets here one person writes in the
protest in Nicaragua at this point go
beyond the social security reform which
our guests have noted which is no longer
on the table according to president
Ortega protesters throughout the country
are outraged at the lack of freedom of
speech and the murder of 63 civilians as
person says that number has been
disputed some say higher some say lower
but Don Sevilla on Twitter says never
after the civil war have we had such a
brutal state repression that left more
than 60 students killed by the police
and groups armed by the government it
just went from Thursday April 20th to
Sunday April 23rd he calls it a massacre
and he says the government must leave
ASAP but starting off from protests
again so social security reforms Matteo
did you see this happening ballooning
like this and can you understand why it
did well let me just say that Massacre
is absolutely right the Ortega family
much like the Somoza family which
governed he got out work for 40 years
during the 20th century what they've
promised to society has been stability
and in particular to the business elite
economic policies which have been
favorable to their interests in exchange
they have demanded that their political
power not be questioned in any way but
as the violent end of the Somoza
dictatorship showed and you see many
people tweeting alluding to the Somoza
dictatorship the problem with this model
is that it might produce short-term
stability but it comes at the price of
human and civil rights and therefore
when you close off all political avenues
for change for holding their leaders
accountable then the only option as it
was in 1978-79 is to hit the streets and
ultimately violence and that's what you
seen here the spark may have been the
pension reforms but in reality while
those reforms struck directly at
Nicaraguans wallets that social crisis
was combining with ten years of pent-up
frustrations with nepotism corruption
censorship mediocre governance and thus
the real root of the protests and of
course of the really disturbing
government repression has been this
authoritarianism and specifically the
orthia families blatant aspirations to
perpetuate themselves in power and
therefore there are a lot of items to
discuss in the short term about the
National Dialogue in the short run but
in the long run we all need to
understand that there is no sustainable
realistic solution to this crisis that
doesn't contemplate the end of the
orthia families blatant aspirations to
create a dynastic dictatorship it's very
clear where you're coming from what what
occurred to me as I was watching this is
somebody who's following as an
international citizen is that this seems
almost oh well Ian that you have a
freedom fighter who is overthrowing a
authoritarian regime and then so many
years later here he is being accused of
running an authoritarian regime I mean
there there are a lot of sad irony is in
this right I mean I don't personally I
mean there are satire teas because
Daniel Ortega came to power as one of a
leadership group of a movement that was
sought to overthrow a dictatorship
established democracy and open the
possibilities for social justice in
Nicaragua the United States launched you
know an ugly contra war to undermine him
and everything about his government
through the 1990s we saw a set up back
and forth between more conservative
sectors of the kind of traditional
Nicaraguan elite and the sandanista
leadership Daniel Ortega got elected
again in 2006 and is moved
consistently since then to consolidate
powered naming his wife as the
vice-president establishing control over
the Supreme Court established lien
control over the Electoral Commission
and then on the flip side harassing
independent civil society groups
harassing journalists and harassing the
independent press and so we wind up at a
time where as both Matteo and Carlos
have said the space for do it for
dialogue and for debate has closed
there's no reason why what happened to
him what happened I'd like if you think
about I think about what's going on I
mean we have been we have had sixty
three deaths in over three days if you
compare it even to Venezuela which is
one in 25 dead over the course of five
months this is Massacre as you said we
can't let that just pass by you know and
there were there were there were there
was this the student fifteen year old
named Conrado
you know he could have been saved but
they he got denied the possibility to go
to a public hospital they were attending
injured let me just bring in Malika
she's bringing in a broader community as
well they have questions and thoughts
for this conversation too well it's like
they are reading our guests minds
because gristle here on Twitter says
there are so much of history repeating
itself forty years ago on May 1st 1978
Somoza convened the same ports protest
to show that people were still loyal to
him four months later came the bloody
insurgency and the wars leading to him
finally fleeing in 79 and now Ortega is
guilty of doing the same but others on
Twitter are broadening the blame and
they say it is not just Daniel Ortega
but also his wife that they are that
they think because are guilty of this
Johnny says during almost 40 years they
as a couple of created an environment
where the population only has two
options
keep your fidelity to the government or
live under fear when Carlos is that
something that you can relate to you
would you agree with his statement I
agree completely Irie completely I mean
it is not only Ortega and woody you
though you have to think about supreme
court you have to think of
it's like is a cancer and he still white
we wiped out from the basis from the
foundations we don't do anything just
taking Ortega and real it's good I mean
it's good but we need to think about the
pillars the Foundation's first think
yeah just to that I mean I think one of
the things important to think about is
that it's pretty clear that the Ortega
government formed an alliance with the
traditional business elite of Nicaragua
and one reason we've seen social peace
in the last few years is because of that
alliance and what we're seeing now is
new sectors saying it's not enough for
Danielle and Rosario and the business
community cut deals together it's
important to bring everybody into the
picture and I think that's an important
and significant change any dialogue
which arises from this present crisis
needs to be geared towards a return to
democracy many people I'm sure will
already be asking okay well danielle has
been a strong leader who who will
replace him but the fact is we don't
need a benevolent version of Daniel
Ortega or Rosario to replace them what
we need are the fundamental human rights
three elections respect for civil
liberties and really to trust that
Nicaraguan people can choose their own
leaders going forward not just the
regime and its leading oculars I think
you Orden how long should I show this to
you at one Carlos we can't see you but I
know that you can see us I'm just gonna
show you something because it's it's
very strange it's called the Tree of
Life
it's this sculptures that can be seen in
parts of Nicaragua Managua and Managua
and I'm just gonna scroll up because
some of these sculptures have been torn
down I'm just gonna spray here's one
that's torn down here and then another
one tell us this story very briefly
because this has become the symbol of
this latest protest you're don't tell us
why and why people were annoyed with
these sculptures because the tree of
life a little sorry over your calls them
they custom only $5,000 they comment
away $25,000 each
okay and it's not
electric bill yeah electric bill is 1
million dollars a year okay that's it
okay it is so and no one likes likes
them
I mean it's they just she just imposed
them on us they look beautiful this is
this is a beautiful scene right here but
I in the context of their being cutbacks
for social programs that's right these
amazing pieces of artwork go up then
there's definitely a disconnect a little
Marie Antoinette moment going on here
let's push things forward well earlier
one Carlos you had mentioned that the
pillars of the government and society
need to come down and so I want to take
a look at what some Nicaraguans on
social media are saying about that in
particular they're sharing their
thoughts on the way forward so take a
look at this this play on a Nintendo
game scene it shows the character Mario
taking down the flag of the FSLN that's
Daniel Ortega's political party but in
addition to political reform activists
are also saying that they want justice
so Tim Rodgers he's a journalist based
in Nicaragua he shared the moment of
silence and protesters took to honor
those who died in demonstrations Felix
mantilla is the executive director of a
Nicaraguan think-tank and he wrote on
Twitter dictatorships authoritarianism
all those vices that the evil politics
of the past are evils that must be
eradicated once and for all this is not
about wanting to change some ideologies
for others it's urgent to rethink the
nation so keeping that in mind we asked
Medard O'Mara in a cicada
he's a coordinator for the peasant
movement in Nicaragua for his thoughts
crémeux para nosotros viento campesino
kçêäa importante participar en el dia lo
lo que no confit amo debido al
experience' que tenemos
melodic ochenta Tami's a copper mentio a
repeat our loader hecho de la persona
dellacroix accompli Oh mucho tratado
Internacional a harmonious entonces a
creme okay Oy
Oh a lackey IgAN commission
internationale a derecho whom allah okay
to see Agha Syria manera formal da puede
cumplir para nosotros importante
participar en el Diablo para hacer que
no que nosotros queremos Madera momento
sanguinista by Iman ante by New Moon of
Artemis and a una do ma pro tanto family
but the participant so Jeff he says we
are willing to participate but we don't
have much trust and we know the talks
haven't actually officially begun will
they soon and will they then include
groups like his at the table I mean I
think that's really the fundamental
question right the church announced that
it would sponsor these talks it would
have the business community and it said
others
I think we're yet to see what others
means I know some students have been
proposed and there's some debate I'd
actually like to hear what Juan Carlos
has to say about that the church also
said and I think okay we just really
importantly the church also said if we
don't see results from this dialogue in
a month we'll walk away and I think
that's really important because of the
quote you just heard which is you could
dialogue forever and nothing can change
Juan Carlos we we actually the students
have a list of demands that we want from
the government and that saying about
involving the social society the the
farmers and everyone it's one of them
and we need to we we have it says like
the end of oppression the campaign some
of the formations throughout official
media and the political resolution of
social movements and so it's a list
about like 15 points that we want to we
want to adjourn in the in the dialogue
and I want to point out this you were
talking about Orwellian farm going on
here yeah but the truth Commission the
government want to pass something called
the truth Commission's that is presided
over the president of the of the social
the Supreme Court and it's about
investigating their own crimes their own
their own blood shed and said something
it's because it's gonna be led by the
president of the Supreme Court yes right
the government can't investigate itself
because over the past ten years or
thinner and we'll do what they've done
with all institutions with the judiciary
with the security forces is that they've
turned them into private vehicles which
are only loyal to them personally and
whose orders they only follow coming
from the presidency so that means that
it is ludicrous to believe that the
police and the sandanista youth use
lethal force against protesters for
several days without at least the
knowledge and probably the order coming
from the presidential couple so they
can't investigate themselves and it also
shows why we can't separate the demand
for justice which is unanimous from the
demand for damn who do to step aside and
hold elections which is widespread let
me just remind you guess the question
that we started with could this be the
end of Daniel Ortega and the Sandinistas
this was you Matteo in the New York
Times a few days ago the beginning of
the end for Ortega you asked the
question what is the answer from your
perspective well whether or not it's the
beginning of the end right now the fact
is that the game has changed because as
a couple of you all have noticed or they
had long ago abandoned his leftist ideas
his politics he used to cultivate
support from workers movements peasants
progressive social movements
intellectuals as Jeff noted more
recently or Thea has relied on tasks and
alliances specifically with traditional
businesses I mean he wants a better one
Carlos because he's right there on the
ground Juan Carlos is this the end of
Ortega I I definitely think it is tell
your truth because yes because the
people are awake now that people are
awake they
they they don't believe that the
national media that it is run by by the
Ortega's they don't now they their eyes
are open and I think no matter what he
says it's gonna is gonna bring the
people down there's this is a I think
there's that that the beginning of a
revolution and that is one color see his
identity is hidden but he is a student
protester in Managua Nicaragua thank you
gentlemen
Malika oh and with this via YouTube live
Devan sighs I believe will be very
difficult to break the old ideology of
the wealthy elite and the corrupt
government and move forward but I think
Nicaragua has a feeling of progressive
energy and they won't give up gentlemen
I know there is so much more to say but
for now thank you to Jeff to Juan Carlos
to Mateo
we continue our conversation online
using the hashtag a day stream thanks
for watching everybody see you next time
