he's just skin and bone Bassam Hasan is
2 years old he should be walking by now
he has severe acute malnutrition and a
range of related complications half a
million children in Yemen are in a
similar condition tabasum as a
consequence of the war now into its
fourth year between the Yemeni
government backed by the Saudi Emirati
coalition and Houthi rebels 7th al-azhar
we can't ignore the siege and the
aggression such an injustice an airport
and the port of today the fool and the
lack of food led to their suffering from
malnutrition the Houthi administration's
Health Minister saw Bassam store in
al-jazeera two weeks ago and ordered his
rescue from northern Yemen he was
brought to the capital Sana'a for
treatment along with five other children
bassam's condition might improve or he
may need more specialist treatment
outside Yemen that's where the health
ministers influence ends Sanna Airport
is closed to all but a handful of UN
flights the Saudi UAE led coalition
battling the Houthis a shutdown Yemeni
airspace over like a mother the closure
of the airport is a crime of basic right
of Yemeni citizen and patients according
to the statistics filed by the Ministry
of Health there are more than 13,500
death of patients that could have
traveled abroad for treatment yet there
are more than 95,000 patients that need
the travel for medical treatment the
UN's special envoy to Yemen Martin
Griffiths told Al Jazeera on September
the 27th that he looked forward to
announcing the reopening of Sanaa
Airport next week were into the second
week of October and the airport remains
closed Bernard Smith al Jazeera Djibouti
