it's been almost a year and a half now
since the election of Donald Trump and
the opposition Democrats still haven't
moved on from the defeat of Hillary
Clinton last week the party filed a
lawsuit in New York over the hacking and
publishing of emails from the Democratic
National Committee the DNC in 2016 the
defendants in the suit are the Russian
government the Trump campaign and
WikiLeaks the timing with midterm
elections about six months away may well
be political but suing WikiLeaks a news
organization for publishing leaked
material when it is hardly the only news
outlet to do so could set a troubling
precedent for press freedom in America
the US media have remained strangely
silent on the implications busily
obsessing over Russian meddling in the
election the Muller investigation and
Donald Trump's own rhetorical war
against the media reporters have been
taking a pass on the DNC lawsuit story
and the legal assault on the Fourth
Estate that's coming from the other side
of the aisle our starting point this
week is Washington
they're suing Russia for a multi-million
dollar sound call this a political stunt
by the DNC plane alleges that a trump
campaign was essentially a racketeering
enterprise that's a pretty serious
allegation does this do these are either
polar investigations in the coverage of
this lawsuit through of the four
principles involved are getting most of
the attention the plaintiffs the DNC
which is the governing body of the
Democratic Party and two of the
defendants the Russian government and
the Trump campaign the fourth element
which operates on the margins of the
Fourth Estate is WikiLeaks the DNC is
suing WikiLeaks because they're through
the central player if it weren't for
their platform if it weren't for
WikiLeaks essentially conspiring with
Russian operatives this one had been a
story and it wasn't just a platform I
mean they marketed these emails they
were reaching out to the reporters so
you can't really I don't think if you're
the DNC you know file a lawsuit and
ignore the role of WikiLeaks and all of
this the DNC has instead of engaging in
internal reforms and self-criticism has
doubled down and blamed WikiLeaks
WikiLeaks exposed that the Hillary
Clinton campaign and the DNC conspired
to prevent Bernie Sanders from actually
having a fair shot in the primary made
sure that Hillary Clinton always was
going to be the candidate and it's very
clear that this is a concerted attempt
by the DNC to blame multiple external
actors for its own internal problems
that led to its own loss in the 2016
presidential election the core issue in
this story is not what was in those
hacked emails the DNC sabotaging of the
Sanders campaign it's unseemly cap in
hand approach to financial donors but
how those emails found their way into
the media food chain in the first place
cyber security specialists say the
hackers who infiltrated the DNC servers
were Rush
Julian Assange and WikiLeaks have stuck
to their policy of neither confirming
nor denying who their sources are saying
only that the source is not the Russian
government and it is not a state party
WikiLeaks acquired the files and started
publishing the emails four months prior
to the 2016 election and it was not
alone
no major US media outlet ignored the
story it was for better or worse
considered newsworthy these were stolen
conversations and I don't think that
journalists took proper care to to vet
them it's not that they weren't true but
the motive in releasing them in order to
demonize the Democrats when there was no
such comparable effort on the part of
Republicans that was not handled well
journalists just rushed into print
without considering the source without
considering what was behind them without
explaining it to their readers and this
had the effect of perverting the
political discourse the 2016 election
was highly partisan it was highly
divisive I think too that many in the
mainstream media did not want to make it
appear that they were ignoring
information that was coming out of the
DNC that might have an impact on how
people chose to vote thousands of leaked
emails show Democratic Party officials
possibly plotting against Bernie Sanders
and I think for many of them if they
chose not to reveal the salient points
of the DNC emails it would appear that
they were trying to assist the Clinton
campaign look the context here is
everyone and I mean everyone in the
summer and fall of 2016
thought Hillary Clinton was going to win
the election so unfortunately for the
press there was a real animus towards
Hillary Clinton and I think they saw
their role is how to make sure she kind
of just stumbles across the finish line
how do we make this so it's not a
triumphant historic victory I don't
think they understood the gravity of the
situation and absolutely they did not
ask the difficult questions why are we
publishing stolen documents however the
DNC which has an ongoing relationship
papers like the New York Times and the
news networks has not taken legal issue
with any of those organizations over
their coverage of the story the lawsuit
targets the alleged source of the emails
the Russian government and the middleman
WikiLeaks but it spares papers like The
Times and other news outlets that took
what WikiLeaks provided them and fed it
to American voters most people who
publish these things are media outlets
that would have some First Amendment
protection and even if they don't going
after them might somehow compromise the
First Amendment whereas WikiLeaks they
don't look anything like a media
organization they're not a newspaper
they're not even a website with
reporters or anything like that or
editors it's an organization that helps
to steal information from people
sometimes governments sometimes others
who they think are powerful and they
happen to disagree with and then
publishes it that's not press freedom to
me that's that the exact status of
WikiLeaks is still subject to debate
discussion and discovery people in the
intelligence community regard WikiLeaks
is simply a spying organization but
there are others who think of it as a
news organization under US
constitutional law we don't really
define the news media so it seems to me
that WikiLeaks can certainly make the
case that they are acting as a news
organization but even if they are if
they have violated other laws simply
because they're a news organization does
not make them immune from either civil
suit or prosecution the DNC is not
alleging that WikiLeaks was involved in
this hacking the DNC is simply making
political accusations against WikiLeaks
claiming that by publishing these
materials
it wanted Trump to win that is not a
crime and you cannot try someone in
court for publishing documents because
the New York Times The Washington Post
they have all four decades published
leaked and even stolen documents the
Pentagon Papers one of the most
important leaks in modern history were
stolen and then they were published by
multiple major media outlets and the US
Supreme Court confirmed that this was
entirely legal this would have a major
chilling impact on journalism as a whole
were WikiLeaks to be held liable
criminally for publishing documents that
may have allegedly been stolen fears for
the future of American journalism have
grown de rigueur ever since the arrival
of Donald Trump in the White House but
for all the president's bluster all
those tweets about fake news his
accusations of political bias and agenda
Laden coverage the Trump administration
has yet to launch a legal case like this
one it's the Democrats that have taken
aim at an offshore target WikiLeaks
through a lawsuit that could one day
prove to have implications for news
outlets much closer to home I don't see
the Democrats going after the press I
see the Democrats as being allied with
the press in trying to expose the attack
that Donald Trump is leveling both on
the press and on the fundamental aspects
of American democracy I would be
concerned if they were going after in
legitimate press organizations internal
workings but they're not they're going
after WikiLeaks which is in the business
of stealing many of those who dislike
WikiLeaks who consider it to be a
extremely problematic organization would
say that this kind of lost it against
them is perfectly acceptable and has no
First Amendment ramifications I disagree
I think a broad interpretation of the
First Amendment would cover WikiLeaks so
I would hope that news organizations
would focus not on WikiLeaks but rather
on the principles that are at stake if
this is a successful campaign against
WikiLeaks it would have ramifications
for other news organizations news
organizations should be concerned about
that aspect of it
