well joining us now from Hong Kong is
Jim McCafferty head of Asia equity
research at Nomura Securities thanks
very much for being with us so a lot of
anticipation over this north-south
summit what what are the benefits of
this for the north particularly on the
economic front and why they doing this
now I think the reason they're doing it
now is that since we've had the recent
leadership in Korea for 2001 we've had
not much engagement with the rest of the
world apart from a meeting in Beijing
about a month ago and I think the
priorities of North Korea may be
changing and they'll be shifting towards
economic development and for that reason
engagement with neighboring countries
makes a great deal of sense is there
also a sense that the the continued
sanctions are starting to bite now in
North Korea well they are beginning to
bite and I think be mindful that North
Korea historically had depended on
subsidies from Russia and China and
those subsidies were largely withdrawn
back in the early 1990s and since then
north Korea has had to engage in some
form of communication with Western
countries to try and get some form of
subsidies now the sanctions have been in
place now for over a year and I think
it's hitting quite hard and that's the
reason perhaps that their rien gauging
with other countries and if you're an
investor in South Korea this has got to
be a good time as well potentially isn't
it well well it may be and as a leading
player in East Asia and Nomura is
looking at multiple scenarios for what
might happen with North Korea now I
think a reunification opportunity which
the market gets quite excited about it's
really a very very small probability of
that happening what we do see is a more
likely scenario is that North Korea
becomes perhaps subsidized or helped by
Western countries not just South Korea
but by Japan by China by Russia and the
United States and goes for a
denuclearization option and with the
option there might be some economic
benefits that other countries can
provide and with that provision there
South Korean companies Japanese
companies Chinese companies could be
involved in some reconstruction of North
Korea which really as a country has not
kept up with with others in the region
and is quite backward in terms of simple
GDP per head mechanics there are
obviously trade benefits to all of this
between north and south talk about some
of that yes sure so North Korea you've
got to be mindful in terms of the size
of the economy if you go back to the
late 1970s
I think GDP per head in South Korea was
at parity with North Korea now that's
just no longer the case North Korea as
an opportunity there were 25 million
people there so there's a sizeable
population and that population could be
engaged as a labor force and involved in
areas like textiles for example and
getting opportunities which are
currently in place in some of the ASEAN
countries such as Vietnam or my and Mar
so potentially there is an opportunity
for South Korean capital to merge with
relatively inexpensive North Korean
labor and combined in certain areas of
low-cost manufacturing that that's where
perhaps opportunity is Jim McAfee and
Hong Kong thanks for being with us
pleasure
