the center of the capital Managua turned
into a sea of blue and white as
thousands of demonstrators were calling
for an end to the unrest it began on
April 18th
when President Daniel Ortega announced
an overhaul to the welfare system that
would have seen taxpayers paying higher
contributions in exchange for lower
benefits he's since backed down on the
proposal but it didn't stop the Catholic
Church from organizing this second
demonstration this is the moment when
the people have to take control no one
owns Nicaragua it is up to the
Nicaraguan people to decide their story
in their future this is a march for
peace and justice peace only comes from
God all the parishioners are here to
protest against his criminal government
murderers who cruelly killed people all
of us standing here say enough these are
the largest street protests in Nicaragua
since the end of the civil war in 1990
and have been the most violent during
Ortega's rule at least 43 people have
died in demonstrations and
confrontations with police the UN
accuses the government of using
excessive force as well as trying to
shut down TV stations reporting the
unrest Ortega has agreed to hold talks
though no date has been set it's not
clear who will be involved or if there
will be conditions attached the Catholic
Church has agreed to mediate Ortega is
the last of the Latin American
revolutionaries still in office despite
facing the biggest direct challenge to
his rule he's given no indication that
he will step down or bring forward
elections due in 2021
Catherine Stansell al Jazeera
