ethnic Pashtuns are demanding rights
enshrined in Pakistan's Constitution
following rallies in Peshawar in Lahore
protesters gathered in Swat where a
military operation against the Pakistani
Taliban was carried out a few years ago
the protest movement began in February
against the extrajudicial killing of a
Pashtun man in Karachi now it's been
transformed into a wider call for rights
by the Pashtun the hafez movement or PTM
it wants missing people to be found and
landmines removed the PTM is also
demanding a Truth and Reconciliation
Commission for what it says our crimes
carried out by the military during the
so-called war on terror Pashtuns have
made sacrifices for the country so we
urge the military and state institutions
to stop the harassment and forced
disappearances the missing if innocent
should be released those guilty must be
produced before the courts thousands of
families are worried about their loved
ones a traditional Jirga that's a
gathering of politicians and elders has
been formed to discuss the demands a
military commander agreed last week that
some pushed in grievances are legitimate
and the behavior of some checkpost
security personnel is harsh but the PM's
angered commanders by insisting the
Armed Forces must be held to account
absolutely it's those in uniform because
they want to sell the people like this
and do more extrajudicial killings to
establish their own writ not the writ of
the Constitution a counter rally was
held on Saturday to show support for the
military speakers questioned why the
Pashtuns were protesting when the PTMs
demands are being addressed they accused
the bushnell movement of being a tool of
nationalists and forces against the
Pakistani state I say to those
conspiring against Pakistan your aims
will never come true our faith is in
this land and we will never let him
succeed local media is criticized for
not giving coverage to pushed in
protests media networks deny they have
been instructed to ignore them for years
Pakistan's military and politicians have
been accused of ignoring the people of
the federally administered tribal areas
places which the government administers
but doesn't govern as the rest of
Pakistan Osama bin Javed
al-jazeera
