on his new international trip the new US
Secretary of State sent a tough message
to Iran Mike Pompeo called for tougher
sanctions criticized the Iranians
ballistic missile program and blamed
them for destabilizing the Middle East
unlike the prior administration we will
not neglect the vast scope of Iran's
terrorism it is indeed the greatest
sponsor of terrorism the world and we
are determined to make sure it never
possesses a nuclear weapon pompeius
message raises many questions about the
future of the Iran nuclear deal it was
widely praised as a breakthrough when
signed three years ago but President
Barack Obama's successor has repeatedly
said the deal is flawed Donald Trump's
due to decide next month on whether or
not to restore sanctions on Iran a move
that many worried might undermine the
nuclear agreement Saudi Arabia is also
calling for more sanctions on Iran
accusing - heron of using proxy fighters
in Yemen to destabilize the kingdom
leader Saudi Arabia is supporting the
policy of President Trump towards Iran
and we support the efforts related to
the Iranian nuclear case which we need
to minimize we also need to see more
inspections of Iranian nuclear sites I
think the problem with Iran should be
sorted out by imposing more sanctions on
Iran for violating international law and
violating the ballistic missile accord
and for interference in neighboring
countries but the u.s. faces many
challenges as it tries to rally
international support for further Iran
sanctions the EU warns against scrapping
the nuclear deal Russia and China have
vowed to block any US attempt to in
their words sabotage the nuclear deal
the Gulf Cooperation Council the
powerful and rich regional Arab bloc and
a close US ally remains divided the US
was
and to the GCC crisis and the blockade
of Qatar the new of Times reports
Pompeyo told Saudi officials enough is
enough stop the Qatar blockade
I also stress to the Foreign Minister
the Gulf unity is necessary we need to
achieve it the US where is the ten
month-long disagreements the saudi-led
quartet have with Qatar will undermine
the chances of bringing stability to the
region and finding a solution to the
Middle East peace process Haji Baba al
Jazeera
