it's one of the seven wonders of the
natural world the Australian government
wants to ensure it's around for future
generations to enjoy we recognize that
the reef faces a number of challenges
we've had significant bleaching events
in 2016 and in 2017 as we reefs around
the world and the Great Barrier Reef is
no different deal with heat stress
researchers say a third of the reef was
cooked to death as water temperatures
rose one degree above average in 2016
and 2017 due to a combination of climate
change and the El Nino weather cycle
coral reefs are home to around 25
percent of ocean life but coral
bleaching has destroyed nurseries for
many kinds of young fish meaning only
the toughest species have survived the
bulk of the new money will go towards
improving water quality but not everyone
has welcomed the announcement the
problem with these things as I said with
the reef package is it makes people
think something's really being done and
it's amazing that these reef package has
always come forward just a few months
before the World Heritage Committee is
going to meet again UNESCO to see
whether we should be put on the
endangered list the Australian
government hopes its conservation work
will inspire other countries to follow
its lead we are spearheading a group
amongst Commonwealth countries many of
home
managed significant coral reefs in the
Caribbean and the Pacific in the Indian
Ocean and they look to Australia to
provide the technical expertise the
scientific research and the best
practice management of coral reefs but
conservation groups say the government
is ignoring the biggest threat to the
reef climate change they warn if
emissions continue as they are the Great
Barrier Reef won't survive victoria
Gaytan b al jazeera
