Aberdeen's known as the Granite City
it's a tough place a bit intimidating
looking Abid onehans don't like being
told what to think the port attracts
workers from all over the world for oil
and renewables and the North Sea fishing
industry it's an important place for
both Scotland and the UK and so the
opinions of these people matter identity
politics which seems to shape so much
nowadays is very pronounced in Aberdeen
the people here voted by some distance
to remain British in the Scottish
independence referendum but then in the
brexit vote they said they would rather
be Europeans than simply British
citizens and now it appears they can't
serve both and it's in this confusion
that the Scottish National Party thinks
it may have another opportunity
Christian is a French national who
married a Scot and who now works in
local politics for the party that wants
independence from the UK if that sounds
confusing then his explanation is that
he identifies as being a European and so
he believes do an increasing number of
Scots living here at an amazing
discussion of the discussion of
identities I'm Scottish I'm proud to be
Scottish I don't need to have a
paperwork to show you a French of course
I'm French you can be both you can be
British she can be European yeah I'm a
citizen of the world I got a message for
today's ma but it's such a thing than
citizen of the world and I am one of
them latest polling suggests that 48% of
Scots want independence from the UK and
52% don't and when you look at voting
intentions for an independent Scotland
it's clear that the young by a wide
margin want Scottish independence while
older people are against it it's the
identical demographic splits to the
brexit vote the young identifies
European the old see themselves as
British the polls show that the younger
people particularly are very
disillusioned with the way that
Westminster has operated and keen to
show that they are as European as
anybody else in the last independence
referendum four years ago the yes
campaign lost by two hundred thousand
votes but that was before brexit if the
Scottish independence movement wants and
other votes a chance to change the minds
of people inhabit
Dean it will surely wait until it knows
the time is right and if brexit fails
Scotland while the generations change
they may still get their chance lawrence
Lee al Jazeera
in Aberdeen
