these are fighters for the kitchen
independence army filmed just last month
patrolling the Enclave in the remote
northernmost region of Myanmar and just
within sight of government forces as
long as the Burmese keep coming at us we
have to keep fighting just over two
weeks later these fighters were being
bombarded Myanmar's military reportedly
pounding rebel positions with airstrikes
and artillery in response to kuchen
threats to retake lost territory kichan
rebels say they've been defending the
right of the mainly Christian minority
to control the resource-rich region for
more than 50 years they accuse me and my
soldiers of decades of atrocities and
employing tactics similar to those
allegedly used by government forces
against revenge' and Rakhine State
burning down houses shooting people and
raping women the government of Myanmar
denies the accusations
Myanmar's ethnic diversity is at the
heart of conflict right across the
country when Myanmar gained full
independence from British rule in 1948
power was unexpectedly handed to the
majority Berman's a deal that excluded
numerous ethnic minorities including the
kichan the country has been at civil war
ever since eight of the 130 ethnic
groups in Myanmar have armies the
kitchen is one of the most powerful a 17
years ceasefire deal with the kitchen
fell apart in 2011 and fighting resumed
the decades-long unrest has displaced an
estimated 120,000 kichan jim manley
Chitina they don't fire at the front
line they fire at random anywhere so we
don't know where they're going to draw
up we're so scared we don't know if it
will happen when we're asleep that's why
we're so scared we can't sleep at night
some armed ethnic groups have signed
peace deals with the government others
including the kitchen have not they say
they don't trust the process or the
government and have joined an alliance
of rebel groups in the north now they're
engaged in some of the worst fighting in
decades
but it's difficult to assess media
access is strictly limited and aid
agencies are calling on the government
to allow them access million ohand Al
Jazeera
