security is tight at the venue of a
music concert in Mogadishu no one is
allowed to forget there's a war going on
yet events like this are seen as a sign
of change in a city where young people
are mostly confined to their homes in a
state of boredom
tonight Somali British singer Kim JAMA
is treating them to her songs
I wasn't expecting this I'm so surprised
not everyone is happy with the Imams are
vehemently opposed to music and the free
mixing of men and women she came all the
way from London to spread mischief these
concerts should not be allowed to happen
if they continue this trend we have no
option but to fight them hundreds of
young men and women attended the
performance despite that is approval of
conservatives the people of mogadishu
have been through lots of pain and agony
we are here to give them happiness they
deserve it
the constant state of insecurity means
it's not every night music lovers in
Mogadishu can hold such an event so they
make the most of it on the rare
occasions when they come Mohamed of
al-jazeera Mogadishu Somalia
