it was 1974 when a Swedish band
performed at the Eurovision Song Contest
three minutes later they were stars
winning the contest and soon becoming
Sweden's biggest export pushing car
maker Volvo into second place
agneta bjorn Benny and Anna freed the
first letter of their names made ABBA
they're Kitsch costumes dance moves and
catchy disco songs dominated the music
scene for more than a decade a truly
European beat the soundtrack to a
million camping holidays and cabaret
shows for a brief moment the A's were
married to the bees but soon divorced
all in the public eye and they finally
split in 1982 despite an offer of a
billion dollars to reunite they refused
until now we all four felt that after
some 35 years it could be fun to join
forces again and go into the recording
studio so we did it was like time had
stood still and they would only been
away on a short holiday an extremely
joyful experience wanting to be
remembered in their prime their two new
songs will be performed by computerized
avatars better versions of these ones
seen at the Abba museum in Stockholm
they will be on tour next year but fans
will be able to hear the song I still
have faith in you in a special TV
broadcast in December
agar was a pop sensation the likes of
which probably won't be seen again in
this digital age in recent years this
musical Mamma Mia has been seen by a
whole new generation some 54 million
people worldwide will have to see
whether these two new songs performed by
Digital avatars will make it onto the
long list of a bird's greatest hit
ABA's place in popular culture is
secured with two Mamamia films based on
their songs created in recent years and
as I said in their statement we may have
come of age but the song is new and it
feels good
Charly Angela al Jazeera
