Miller at dodok will now join the
rotating presidency of a country he has
vowed to split in half the 58 year old
Serbian nationalist says he wants a
referendum that will give the people of
Republic of Srpska the chance to break
away from their Bosnian and Croatian
neighbors and achieve independence :
press a new straw the number-one
priority for my job in the future will
be the position of the Sur people and
Republic of Srpska I want to establish
good communication I believe that Bosnia
Herzegovina perhaps can make some
progress if everyone is respected and if
other people reject the meddling of
foreigners and the policies of Bosnia
Herzegovina in the campaign he urged his
supporters to celebrate the heritage of
Radovan Karadzic the man who provoked
the start of the war here in the early
90s now a convicted war criminal serving
a 40-year prison term for genocide in an
echo of President Trump putting America
first dodok said that his mission was to
put rep√∫blica Serb scre first he says
that the nation of Bosnia Herzegovina is
in fact an arranged marriage and it
hasn't worked he wants a divorce
the Electoral Commission declared the
polling as free and fair that monitors
declared it as chaotic with a record
number of irregularities the main
concerns of the voters a youth
unemployment rate of 40 percent and
widespread corruption received little
attention maybe it will change only that
that more people and more young people
will leave Bosnia Serena not because of
the lack of patriotism to this country
but because of lack of perspective and
losing the hope for the future that is
vanishing and fading here in Bosnia Nina
for all of us in Republic of Srpska
though they are celebrating a new future
and a dream of Independence
getting closer a future that doesn't lie
in the European Union nor NATO
membership but with Serbia and Russia
David chata al Jazeera Sarajevo
