shamsul alum has bought his
five-year-old daughter to this field
clinic in the coupon on refugee camp in
Bangladesh Laura's face is swollen and
she's in pain Shamsul and his family
have lived in the camp for a year and a
half since fleeing violence by the
Myanmar military against the reinjure in
Rakhine State since August last year
around 700 thousand reinjure fled the
latest Myanmar military crackdown the UN
Human Rights chief calls it textbook
ethnic cleansing the military surrounded
our house and started shooting from all
sides we were terrified so we ran for
our lives
my daughter was shot but we had to keep
running and leave her behind because the
shooting was so heavy the UN and aid
agencies say around a billion dollars is
needed for the reinjure living in what
is becoming the largest refugee camp in
the world
IOM alone is already treating 80,000
people a month you know the needs are
only going to increase as monsoon
approaches we have to have preventative
medicine we have to deal with the very
real dangers of waterborne disease the
fun thing has to be in place now to help
protect people otherwise we will see and
you know potentially preventable loss of
life and that's a very frightening
prospect the mainly Muslim were hinder
had their citizenship taken away by what
was then the Burmese government 35 years
ago rights groups say the revenger have
suffered decades of violence and
persecution they say the Myanmar
military and mainly Buddhist mobs killed
thousands of men women and children
committed gang rape and destroyed
hundreds of Ranger villages in recent
months the Myanmar government denies the
claim it says it was responding to what
it calls terrorist attacks by a row
hinder rebel group a UN Security Council
delegation is due to visit the refugee
camps in Bangladesh before heading to
Myanmar for what is expected to be a
tightly controlled two-day trip
the inability of the United Nations
Security Council to take strong action
against Myanmar is largely because of
China's veto power
China has big business interests inside
Myanmar and especially in recline state
Myanmar so far has banned any
independent investigation into alleged
atrocities and it seems highly unlikely
that this visit by a United Nations
Security Council delegation here will
lead directly to Myanmar being called to
account but pressure is growing on
Myanmar the US State Department is
leading an investigation into claims of
extrajudicial killings rape and arson by
the Myanmar military a repatriation plan
by Bangladesh and Myanmar allowing
refugees to voluntarily return has so
far failed to get off the ground shim
Seoul says he will never return to
Myanmar unless the government guarantees
his family citizenship security and the
same rights as other citizens of the
country he and his family are from
chance trafford al jazeera go to palin
refugee camp on the dish
