technically they are still at war but
this was carefully choreographed to
create a new atmosphere of peace North
Korean leader Kim jong-un entered from
the north side of the demarcation line
the South Korean president moon jae-in
waited at the concrete block that marks
the start of his country's territory a
historic handshake and then something in
all the years since the Korean War that
Kim's father and grandfather never did a
North Korean leader crossing into South
Korea it was followed by a reciprocal
gesture moon jae-in very briefly
crossing the line into the north both
leaders seemed relaxed and were smiling
but of course they hope this summit is
only the start of a process and that's
likely to be complicated and will
involve difficult negotiations the
dangerous meeting I hope that there is
new history written with regards to
peaceful prosperity and I will approach
this with a feeling of a brand new start
I'd like to discuss all issues as
standing honestly and frankly I would
like to take this opportunity to say
that I hope to have a very good
conversation with president moon today
honest Frank and with intention when the
supreme leader crossed the demarcation
line on this historic moment there is
immense expectation on us all over the
world and I hope this discussion is
productive let's approach this
discussion boldly and wishing for peace
and I like to give something very big to
the people looking at us we have all day
to talk and let's do so and make up for
the 10 years that we have that past over
lunch the North Korean leader and his
fast-moving security detail headed back
to the north side so he could confer
with other members of his delegation
then a few hours later a symbolic moment
a tree planting using earth from
mountains in the north
and the South and water from the two
biggest rivers on both sides another
image filled with symbolism as the two
crossed a footbridge together then in a
move highly unusual in international
diplomacy they stopped the two leaders
sitting face-to-face alone with not even
note takers for over half an hour
ironing out the final issues of their
declaration it was signed and they made
these statements commander John it's
very significant that North Korea took a
measure of freezing its nuclear
activities first it will be a valuable
beginning for the complete
denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula
Kim jong-un and I declare that there
will be no more war on the Korean
Peninsula and a new age of peace has
begun
oh yeah I feel that we are part of one
family and both countries will have a
new policy of cooperation after years of
disputes we are here today to say that
nothing will make us different again and
I will say this for North Koreans and
the South Koreans are now sharing one
spot on the map and they represent one
country in one way or another and we
hope to achieve the ambitions and hopes
of both countries the fact that this
summit took place in itself is historic
but if some of the things in this
declaration actually happened they too
will be landmark developments a formal
end to the Korean War a peace treaty
between North Korea and South Korea and
a return visit by president moon to
Pyongyang in the fall one part of the
agreement though will face particular
scrutiny and that's the pledge of
denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula
the language used in the declaration
gives no concrete details and no
timeline the wives of the Korean leaders
join the delegations for a formal
banquet to end a long day of diplomacy
but this is only the start of a lengthy
and very difficult process James BAE's
al Jazeera pazu in South Korea
