nationwide some four million families
rely on some form of federal assistance
to pay for a place to live here in New
York where there's a shortage of
affordable housing tenants like Samantha
Thompson are outraged by a proposal that
could triple what many pay each month we
are gonna continue to fight to keep on
subsidies because without them we won't
have a place to live and that's just
fear mr. Carson gotta give everybody a
break that's Ben Carson she's talking
about the US Secretary of Housing and
Urban Development
better known as HUD he made the proposal
not long after being taken to task by
Congress for ordering a $31,000 dining
set for his office he says the changes
will simplify rent calculations and help
control costs by raising the family
monthly rent contribution from 30
percent of income to 35 percent of
income before tax the cap for the
poorest families would rise from $50 a
month to about a hundred and fifty three
times higher according to HUD that will
affect around seven hundred and twelve
thousand households the changes will
impact tenants not only in public
housing complexes like this one but also
those who receive subsidies for
privately owned apartments the Trump
administration says their goal is to
give people an incentive to get higher
paying jobs but housing advocates say
it's the higher paying jobs that are
lacking not the incentive to work our
public housing residents here in New
York City the majority of households
have a working member this is not the
problem the problem is that with work
come low or static wages and that's why
low income families can't continue to
afford to keep up with private rental
housing and the proposal comes after the
president signed a tax cut bill that
mainly benefits corporations and the
very wealthy he says this will help
workers by growing the economy but
critics like city council member richie
Torres see it differently I think the
administration's policies represent an
assault on the social safety
and the president seems intent on
redistributing wealth from those in
greatest need to those who have the
greatest privilege and wealth Congress
will have to approve the plan however
and tenants as well as local officials
are vowing to take the fight to their
representatives to stop it Kristen
salumi al Jazeera New York
