America's dad is now a convicted sex
offender we are so happy that finally we
can say women are believed and not only
on hashtag me too but in a court of law
where they were under oath where they
testify truthfully where they were
attacked where they were smeared where
they were denigrated Bill Cosby three
words for you guilty guilty guilty a
jury found Bill Cosby guilty of drugging
and sexually assaulting andrea constand
at his home 14 years ago we are very
disappointed by the verdict we don't
think mr. Cosby's guilty of anything and
the fight is not over ending a late life
spiral for a barrier busting icon of
American entertainment now silent
the jury was apparently moved by
testimony from five of Cosby's more than
50 other accusers I feel like my faith
in humanity is restored he's now the
highest profile member of a rogue's
gallery of famous American men brought
down by a chorus of accusers including
producer Harvey Weinstein actor Kevin
Spacey and news presenter Matt Lauer
Cosby fell from the loftiest of Heights
he was a track star at Temple University
one of the first black TV stars
Bill Cosby here in Vail a bankable
spokesman the many voices of a
trailblazing cartoon highlighting
african-american kids little a
groundbreaking black comedian who
inspired those who follow and on the
show that bore his name his fatherly
advice and squeaky-clean image
earned him the title America's dad Cosby
now faces up to 10 years for each of the
three convictions leaving the 80
year-old to face nearly certain death in
prison the Fallen icon left with a show
of defiance one last performance in a
career that shattered the illusions of
once adoring fans
John Hendren al Jazeera
