April 26 is Union Day in Tanzania while
we expected celebrations critics of the
president have taken to social media
accusing him of corruption and Muslim
free speech the government announced
that bloggers social media influencers
and online platforms will have to pay a
license that costs 930 US dollars if
they want to keep their sites running
permits will be revoked if a site
publishes content that they consider
that leads to public disorder and
threatens national security users could
face at least 12 months in prison and a
fine of 2,300 US dollars and it sparked
a strong reaction online people inside
and out of the country started a
campaign calling for protests they're
using the hashtag Tanzania revolution
and change Tanzania protests are on what
date April 26 I should be in dar Salam
we have to protest what a loser
Penina and Amman people are asking me
why I'm very testing I'm protesting
because while the Constitution allows me
to protest the government does not so
all I want is to make change on the 26th
but all young people come out we are
going to make the Tanzania revolution
great we have started to see the
occasional police patrols in the
neighborhoods
my fellow Tanzanians let them Patrol we
will have peaceful protests we don't
have arms and on the 26th we will
protest in Tanzania the US and UK
government's issued warnings ahead of
the demonstrations both made reference
to pass events that resulted in
fatalities while police with police
using tear gas and live ammunition and
this is how the Tanzanian government
responded this video from April 25th is
getting quite a bit of attention online
a beefed up security presence in the
streets with armed police officers the
regional police commissioner had strong
words for protesters those calling for
protests through social media those
thinking about protesting tomorrow will
be in a lot of trouble I say there will
be in a lot of troubles they will get a
toothless dogs beating I'm warning
anyone planning to come to
to loot or to protest Tanzania has no
place for that we have space for working
we have space for celebration
or we have no space for protests and
Dodoma the clampdown may have worked as
you can see from these pictures in the
streets they're largely empty today but
that could also be because of the public
holiday
police say nine people were arrested in
connection with the demonstration in Dar
es Salaam
earlier we heard from the main
opposition political party showed Emma
this is what their representative had to
say about the online campaign
I see the online protest was a success
because it a government to play blow to
terror the public and people did not
continue with their routine so Tanzania
needs a wider Democratic space and at
least brings to the success of the call
for today we also spoke to a human
rights lawyer who had this to say about
the cyber laws freedom of expression in
opinions as of today me has a lot of
meaning giving other rights the meaning
and an opportunity for people to express
themselves when other rights are
violated therefore as a country if
freedom of expressions and weapons are
suppressing automatically other rights
also dies this is the latest move in a
broader crackdown on freedom in the
country last week police detained two
musicians for posting video clips that
they considered obscene if you're in
Tanzania we want to hear from you as
always get in touch with us with our
hashtag AJ news great
