like many towns in France ever has a
charming historical center but on the
outskirts of districts crammed with
social housing unemployment is high here
and people's hopes for the future are
low some local officials wants to
improve things but it is not easy to get
the government to invest will ever
change here it's always the same there's
no jobs regional councillor Driss at
Azzurri is trying to bring change he has
a vision of areas like this prospering
we are building houses that people can
buy successive governments have tried
and failed to address the problems in
the suburbs president Emmanuel Marcos
government is proposing a new action
plan
it's consulted local officials like
Teresa Etta Zoe to find out how best to
invest in jobs transport and education
he says what's needed is a whole new
approach we have to stop putting only
the poor with the poor and keeping all
the ethnic communities together putting
everyone in towers we need to explode
this way of thinking we need to scatter
social housing throughout our towns this
areas need to be like any other part of
friends some say one answer is to stop
seeing people in the suburbs as a
problem but rather as a solution this
company trains people in laying fiber
optic cables and the bosses say there's
a huge advantage to being this area
because there are plenty of young people
who need work and want opportunities
many people who have been marginalized
in life are lacking in self-confidence
so we tell them look this is a career
that could be a solution you're capable
you can learn most of these trainees are
unemployed but nearly all are expected
to find work after the course away again
I heard about this from someone who'd
done this training before he told me it
was great
he advised me to take it up because it
would be easy to find a job afterwards
to what extent the government's new plan
will change the suburbs and improve
their image is unclear what people want
here is to be reconnected to a society
that they feel has long
forgotten them Natacha butler al jazeera
fo
