Fergalicious kilometer 5 Junction is one
big construction site
the huge craters left by the massive
chart bomb last October have been felt
on the road paved again such as the
resilience of the people of Somalia
Amidala is supervising the
reconstruction of his family's hotel
that was completely destroyed we have no
option but to rebuild not doing so would
mean we have surrendered and given up in
life itself the truck bomb exploded at
the busy market during rush home it was
powerful enough to damage buildings
hundreds of meters away the explosion
killed more than 500 people and injured
hundreds the worst single attack in
Somali history was blamed on al-shabaab
fighters who have been waging war for
years there's an atmosphere of normality
here but the scars are still very wrong
the consequences yet to be fully
understood six months on dozens of
people are still missing and for their
relatives there's still no clues
Abdullah Ali has just returned from
Turkey where he was taken for
specialized treatment for body burns he
was selling cigarettes and candy on the
roadside when the bomb went off his wife
and two of his children died I'm not
fully recovered as you can see but I'm
forced to come back to work
my children need to eat and then there
the psychological effects on
long-suffering citizens who've never
seen anything like the Kennedy in
October many say they're more scared
since than venturing out only when it's
really necessary I will never forget
what happened here it scares me every
day every time I see traffic congestion
anywhere
i alight from the bus I'm in and choose
to walk away once known across Africa
and beyond as a tranquil and relatively
prosperous City successive waves of
violence in the past three decades have
repeatedly reduced much of Mogadishu to
rubble the Capitals been rebuilt
destroyed again and again risen from the
ashes that cycle continues for now
Muhammad and Al Jazeera whether it's
just so money
