if there's anything liable to annoy
supporters of brexit its europeans
taking fish from british waters but on
the east coast of scotland there's
another side to the story the seal
starts at seven o'clock and you know
it's midday five hours ago this
warehouse was stacked with fish by now
it's being prepared for market across
the UK and abroad more than a half will
go to Europe and there needs to go fast
to fetch a decent price leave the market
here at about eleven o'clock
process and out that evening and catch a
ferry in the morning or go through the
tunnel whatever it is but any delay at
all to this if all you chiyan means an
experience or a lower price for the
processor which in these times is
critical for them many fishermen support
brexit in the interests of protecting
their waters and stocks but just as many
in the fishing industry want open
borders with Europe can they have both
protecting the rights of British
fishermen has become a totemic issue for
many leading brexit errs they say the UK
must leave the European free trade area
but staying in the European free trade
area is crucial for those part of the
fishing industry which needs to move
their stock quickly to some of the best
restaurants in places like France and
Spain and that's a big problem Cullen
skink pie which is a local delicacy but
not if you leave it in the post for a
week to make the point about what
happens to fish if it gets stuck in a
truck for too long the local MP here
sent the government minister in charge
of brexit a traditional fish pie in the
post government ministers who support
brexit he says don't understand their
own constituency I believe they're
simply choosing to look at the divisions
in the Tory party they're making their
decisions based on politics not
economics not the interests of the
people in these islands
it's tighten they looked at the harsh
realities of where they've got the
student
of course it isn't only fish anything
perishable or goods reliant on a fast
turnaround could be affected
disastrously if British trucks are
forced to queue for days
before entering the continent and we're
in continued discussions with UK
government and Scottish government I
think the concern is we've had real
clarity as to what the UK government
don't want which the customs union but
real uncertainly still as to what the
future does hold in Peterhead they're
expanding the port because they believe
their markets will grow
supporters of brexit ashore continental
europe will fall for a deal on taxes and
tariffs because they love to eat british
fish the livelihoods of people here may
depend on this assumption florence lee
al jazeera
eastern scotland
