thousands gathered to march into
Johannesburg city centre and demand a
higher minimum wage and improved rights
a breakaway Federation of unions called
the nationwide strike its leader has
spent years representing South Africa's
Union many of which he now says have
been giving workers a bad deal all along
South Africa is one of the most unequal
countries in the world economically many
things haven't changed since apartheid
and so a message of better wages for
workers resonate into the city south
africa's major historical unions are
part of this and the people here those
unions have failed to represent them
some of the major unions agreed with the
government to introduce a minimum wage
of just on the $300 a month people here
don't agree and they say well paid union
bosses have grown too close to
politicians so we asked a spokesman of
South Africa's Congress of unions which
negotiated and agreed to the minimum
wage he said it's not ideal but it's a
start
and it'll help 4 million of the lowest
paid workers which would not sell them
four streams with an economy like ours
that has sidelined 27 percent of the
population that is unemployed that has
left 17 million people on welfare you
can pretend as if that economy has the
stamina and the resources to give people
prefer than 500 minimum wage is the
reality of South Africa
in in 2080 the strikers are waiting to
see if the government will give them
more and for the organizers the new
breakaway Federation of unions is the
first major test of their power
Malcolm Webb al-jazeera Johannesburg
South Africa
