most important thing is just to give
them information on a steamy Houston
afternoon Fernanda Duarte and Camila
cigarroa Kennedy are pounding the
pavement of this largely Latino
neighborhood urging residents to vote in
November President Donald Trump's harsh
immigration rhetoric and policies have
energized Latino voters like
eighteen-year-old
Emily Soto who's enthusiastic about
voting for the first time and deeply
affected by scenes of family separation
at the border I come from a family of
immigrants so to really see families be
torn apart it's just really
heartbreaking for me grass roots
get-out-the-vote efforts like this may
make all the difference in this year's
extremely tight race for Senate here in
Texas staunchly Republican Texas has not
elected a Democrat to the Senate in 30
years but Liberal Democratic congressman
Beto O'Rourke is now running fewer than
four percentage points behind incumbent
Republican senator Ted Cruz we need to
bring people out of the shadows allow
them to get right by law and yes there
should be an earned path to citizenship
my views on immigration are simple and
and I've summed them up many times in
just four words legal good illegal bad
O'Rourke is gaining because people of
color who often don't turnout in midterm
elections are getting politically
involved you see more enthusiasm of
people who tration did not vote Houston
is the most diverse city in the u.s. and
nearly a quarter of all people here are
foreign-born you can see that on the
streets and in the kitchens the city is
a polyglot polychrome picture postcard
of a future us when people of color
become the majority a few decades from
now but this is not a good time to be an
immigrant in Houston says immigrants
rights legal advocate tatiana o bond o
permanent residents will come and say
what am i doing wrong will i be reported
sometimes it's nothing they're doing
nothing out of the ordinary but they're
afraid that fear could lead to chain
change if volunteers like these can
convince Latinos and other people of
color to head to the polls as fast as
this machine can crank out tortillas
Texas may elect a Democratic senator in
November and possibly changed the
balance of power in Washington to rob
Reynolds al Jazeera Houston
