a final farewell for Fadi L bunch
mourners carry his body to a mosque near
his home in Kuala Lumpur the engineering
lecturer who taught at a university in
the city was shot dead by two men on
Saturday when you fail to compete with
Palestinians in academia and scientific
excellence
scientists English scholars l Barch was
a member of Hamas the Palestinian group
that controls Gaza his family and Hamas
accused Israel's Intelligence Agency of
ordering the killing acclaim the Israeli
government denies it's not the first
time Mossad has been accused of killing
Hamas members in other countries from
kuala lumpur al batches body will be
taken to its final resting place in gaza
his family has only recently obtained
approval to transport the body via the
Rafah crossing which is controlled by
Egypt while al barch and his family
leave Malaysia his killers are thought
to still be in the country police in
Malaysia have released a photo of one of
the suspects Requa telling em burn em 1
what is following the recovery of the
motorcycle we were able to trace the
original image of the suspect on Tuesday
police found the motorbike used by the
gunmen abandoned not far from where our
batch was shot dead
the identities of the two men are still
not known police are appealing for
people to come forward to assist in the
investigation
Florence lui al Jazeera Kuala Lumpur
